8462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15.,
that the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations was right in stopping the reading
of the report when the names of the two sena-
torial signers had been read, because those
two signatures completed the report, the ma-
jority of the conferees having agreed toit.
Mr. RANDALL. I raised the point be-
cause I knew of the conditional signature,
and I wanted it settled whether it amounted
to anything or not.
Mr. DICKEY. As that conditional signa-
ture is a nullity, I hope it will not go either
upon the Journal of the House or into the
Globe.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say,
in justice to the Senator whose name is ap-
pended to the report, that it was not pat there
at his own suggestion. After the conference
had been concluded and the report signed, a
request was sent to us that the report, be sent
back, as there was a desire on the part of the
chairman of the Senate conferees that the dis-
senting Senator should write on the report
that he had no objection to any other than
that single point. The Senator who has thus
signed his name there informed me that he
did so upon this request from another Senator.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that,
there is another case arising sometimes upon
a conference report which does not partake
of the same character as this, though it may
have been confused with it in the minds of
some members, [t is within the competence
of a conference committee to report that they
have agreed upon a certain number of amend-
ments, and have not been able to agree upon
other amendments. In such a case, if the
report be adopted, the two Houses are brought
together upon the amendments on which the
conferees have agreed. But on all such
amendments the conferees must sign without
conditions, leaving still to be adjusted those
amendments on which they have not agreed.
But such a case as that presents altogether a
different, phase from the one now before the
Honse.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As this addi-
tional signature is no part of the report, I_ask
that only the names of those who do agree to
the report shit It be printed in our records.
Mr. DICKEY anil others. That is right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct,,
unless some gentleman raises a further ques-
tion, that the conference report shall be en-
tered upon the Journal of the House as signed
by the three House conferees and two sen-
atorial conferees, which makes a perfect
report. The Chair hears no objection, and it
is so ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now call the
previous question on the adoption of the
report.
The previous question was seconded aud the
main question ordered.
Mr. SLATER. I desired to call the atten-
tion of the House to one of the amendments,
and 1 understood the gentleman from Ohio
had agreed to yield t,o me.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is true,
but so much time has already been occupied,
and it is now so late, that unless the gentleman
can proceed by unanimous consent I cannot
yield.
Mr. SARGENT and others objected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
now take a recess.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring on agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference, it was
agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was adopted;
aud also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TEE SENATiS.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sos, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed with amendments a bill
and joint resolution of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (H. R. No. 1672) granting to the
Davenport and St. Paul Railroad Company
the right of way ; and
.Joint resolution (H. R. No. 82) providing
for a more effective system of quarantine on
the southern aud Gulf coasts.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles; in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 662) authorizing the con-
struction of a railroad bridge across the Ohio
river at Mount Vernon, in the State of Indi-
ana ;
An act (S. No. G77) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to accept the peninsula in Lake
Biie, opposite the harbor of Brie, in the State
of Pennsylvania;
An act (S. No. 799) to amend af act enti-
tled "An aat to regulate the foreign coasting
trade on the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers of the United States,
and for other purposes;"
An act (S. No. 812) to provide for furnish-
ing trusses to disabled soldiers; and
An act (S. No. 1099) io grant an American
register to the British brig Balear.
Mr. RANDALL. I now move that the
House take a recess till half past seven o'clock
p. m.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at five o'clock p. m.) the House took a
recess till half past, seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House, at half past seven o'clock p. m.,
resumed its session, Mr. Wheeler in the chair
as Speaker pro tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
meets this evening in obedience to the order
of the House to receive reports from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
OHSTltUOTlON OK JtJSTIOK
Mr. PETERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1017) to prevent and punish the obstruction of
the administration ol jui-tiee in the courts of
the United States, with an amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides that if
any person or persons shall corruptly or
maliciously, or by threats or force, endeavor
to influence, intimidate, or impede any grand
or petit jury or juror, witness, or officer in
any court in the United States in the discharge
of his or their duty, or shall corruptly,
maliciously, or by threats or foice, influence',
obstruct, or impede, or endeavor to influence,
obstruct, or impede, the due administration
of justice therein, every person or persons so
offending shall be liable to prosecution there-
for, by indictment or information, and shall,
on conviction thereof, be punished by fine not
exceeding $3,001), or by imprisonment, not,
exceeding three years, or by both, according
to the nature and aggravation of the offense :
and such offense shall also be deemed a con-
tempt of court, and may, in the discietion of
the court be summarily punished as such.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out these words: "and fueh offense shall
also be deemed a contempt of the court, anil may, in
the discretion of the court, be summarily punished
as such."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, aud passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF OUIEItS AND BAILIFFS,
Mr. PETERS, from the same committee,
also reported back a bill (H. R. No. 4b2) regu-
lating the compensation of criers of the United
States courts, with an amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides that criers
of the United States courts shall be entitled to
receive the same compensation lor travel and
attendance which jurors iu said courts are
entitled to.
The amendment'was read as follows :
After the word " crier*," in line three, insert the
words " and bailiffs."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PEl'ERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS moved to amend the title by
adding the words " and for other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
CRIMINALS TO TESTIFY Iff TUMROWN ISKIIALF.
Mr. PETERS, from the same committee,
also reported back a bill (H. 11. No. 21) to
allow persons accused of crime io testily in
their own behalf in the courts of the United
States, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that in
criminal trials the respondent, at his election,
may be a witness in his own behalf m all cases
tried in the United States courts held within
any State where, by the statutes thereof, per-
sons accused of crime are allowed such ptivi-
lege ; and in case such respondent ollWs him-
self as a witness he may also be cross-examined
by the Government, but iu no case shall an
omission by any such person to testily in his
own behalf be regarded as any evidence ol hid
guilt.
Mr. PETERS. We have passed a bill by
an overwhelming majority allowing the privi-
lege without qualifications. As there is some
doubt whether ihe bill will pass the Senate,
this provides for extending it only to the Uni-
led Stales courts where Uie same privilege is
allowed iu ihe State courts.
The bill was ordered to he engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it wae
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PEl'ERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAKH BKIK PBN1 N'bULA.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, moved
to take from the Speaker's table abiii (S. No.
677) to authorize the Secretary of War to
accept the peninsula in Lake Erie, opposite
the harbor of Erie, iu the State of Peuusyl-
vania.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
empowers the Secretary of War to receive and
accept from the marine hospital of Pennsylva-
nia, a corporation duly incorporated _ by the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the title io a
piece or parcel of land, b< ing the penii.m'a
lying to the noithward of and inclosing the
BayofPre que Isle, and containing two thou-
sand and twenty four acies, moie or Ics.-, to
be held by the Government of the United
States for the protection of the harbor of
Erie, provided that, the deed conveying the
same shall not be received or accepted until
the title to the same is complete and inde-
feasible, nor unless the acceptance^ thereof
shall be recommended by a board ol ofliceia
appoiuted by the President.
Mr. CONGER. I would inquire whether
