2566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
buysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan,
Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Norwood, Osborn,
Pool, Ramsey, Riee, Robertson, Schurz, Sherman,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Vick-
ers, and Wilson—32.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Several Senators rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Nevada gave notice of his desire to call
for the regular order, and this bill is before
the Senate subject to a demand for the unfin-
ished business. ■
Mr. TRUMBULL, I desire to state in a
word, as I voted to lay this amendment on the
table, why I did so. It will take me but a
minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Summer] and the
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] have
both risen. If they yield and do not call for
the regular order, this debate will be allowed
to continue.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will take me but a
moment. I could not explain why I voted as
I did, as the motion was not debatable.
I am not in favor of opening the Treasury
of the United Stales to persons who were
engaged in the rebellion, to bring suits and
recover money out of it for property that was
taken front them during the rebellion; bat the
first part of the amendment offered by the
Senator fiom Veunont, if he will look at it,
prevents a loyal man from bringing suit; it
excludes everybody. Nobody can sue in the
Court of Claims under it, and it would dismiss
every suit there by a loyal man. I am sure
the Senator does not mean that.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I suggest that we
should not, lay it on the table, but keep it here
where we can amend it, and strike out that
portion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it should be
changed. It shows the impropriety of offer-
ing such an amendment on an appropriation
bill when there is no time to consider it. The
amendment is not printed ; none of us have
seen it. Let me read for the benefit of the
Senator from Maine—it will take me but one
minute—the first part of it, and he will see I
am right:
That the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims shall
not extend to or include any claim for any aban-
doned or captured properly revived or collected
"■it lor by the civil or military authorities of the
United States under the act approved March 1H,
tSG'i, entitled 'An act to provido for the colloction
nf abandoned properly and for the prevention of
lrauds in insurrectionary districts within the Uni-
ted States.' oi under any aut amendatory thereof
or in relation thereto.
That embraces everybody. There is to be
no jurisdiction at all. Then the lust porlion
of it goes on and says they shall not have
jurisdiction where the man was engaged in
rebellion ; but the first part excludes every-
body.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think if
the Senator 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts both have the right, as all Senatois
have, to demand the regular order.
Mr. SUMNER. I demand the unfinished
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this amendment will be ordered to
be printed, as the Senate appears to be pass-
ing away from the consideration of the bill.
Mr. STEWART. What is now before the
Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday, being the bill (S. No.
365) to secure erpial rights in the public schools
of Washington and (ieorgetown, upo.i which
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] is
entitled to the floor. If he does no! claim it,
the Chair will recognize the chairman of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, as this day
was assigned for bills reported from that com-
mittee.
Mr. STEWART. I move to lay the unfin-
ished business on the table, with a view of
proceeding with the business reported from
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad. I do
not think it will take very long.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. STEWART. I do not know that we
shall be able to get any other day, and I trust
we shall be allowed to go on now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable. The unfinished business is
before the' Senate, being the bill in regard to
schools in Washington and Georgetown, and
the Senator from Nevada moves that the bill
be laid on the table, so that the special assign-
ment made for this day shall then operate.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator withdraw
the motion for a moment? I feel that it is
due——-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable if it is not withdrawn. Does the
Senator from Nevada withdraw it?
Mr. STEW ART. Let the Senator from Cali-
fornia proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNElt. I shall claim the same
privilege.
Mr. COLE. I feel that I ought to apologize
to the Senate for holding out the hope, or ex-
pressing the opinion, that we should get through
with the deficiency bill in a reasonable time.
I had no expectation that an amendment of
this kind would be moved upon it, and in good
faith I expressed the hope that we should get
through with it in a reasonable time ; and I
think we might do so now if the Senator from
Vermont would withdraw the amendment and
offer it on some other bill. 1 need not repeat
the strong' necessity there is now throughout
the country for the passage of the deficiency
bill. There is a clamor throughout the whole
country for the appropriations that are em-
bodied in the bill. I think the Senator from
Nevada ought to yield until we get ihrough
with this important business, rather than ask
us to proceed to matters of much less import-
ance.
Mr. SUMNER. I would remind the Sena-
tor that there are certainly two or three propo-
sitions that will excite debate on the deficiency
bill. There is one to which allusion has been
frequently made, moved by the Senator from
Kentucky, not now in his seat. There is one
to which I shall be obliged to call attention,
which lias already passed the Senate. When
the bill comes in at its next stage, I shall cer-
tainly hope to induce ihe Senate to vote dif-
ferent from what they did before. I mention
this that the Senator may see that the bill will
take time.
I think it would be much better for the
Senate to proceed with the unfinished busi-
ness and dispose, of that bill. I think it can
be done in a comparatively short time. I do
not think our friends over the way are dis-
posed to take time. They naturally wish to
express their sentiments on the subject, and
certainly there can be no objection to that. I
do not wish to take time. I know of nobody
on this side who is so disposed, and I think
we can have a vote very soon; but in order to
have that vote we must begin. I hope the
Senator from Nevada will not press his order,
but that ho will allow the unfinished business
to be proceeded with.
Mr. STEWART. I must do it. I must ask
for a vote upon my motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I shall be obliged to
divide the Senate upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
| from Nevada moves that the unfinished busi-
| ness be laid upon the table. The object of
I the motion has been several times stated by
I the Chuir, that the special assignment for this
| day may operate.
I Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
j nays on that.
i The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to inquire what
is the special assignment for to day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Bills reported
by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad;
but the unfinished business of yesterday has
priority under the thirteenth rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was it by general under-
standing that the Pacific Railroad Committee
was to have to-day? Was there a general
understanding to that effect?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was; but it
was subject to the unfinished business, how-
ever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. All these general under-
standings are. It was an understanding the
same as in the other cases.
Mr. SUMNER. But, as the Chair has
stated, subject to the unfinished business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Subject to the
unfinished business, as all these assignments
are.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Cald-
well. Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Cooper, Davis
of West "Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Goldtbwaite, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Pratt, Saulsbury, Scott,
Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, and
West—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham. Clayton.Cole,
Conkling, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Texas, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Sawyer, Spencer, Sum-
ner. Windoin, and Wrisrht—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Brownlow,
Carpenter, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Edmunds, Flanagan. Gilbert. Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Norwood.
Osborn, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Schurz,
Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson, Tipton, Vickers, and
Wilson—28.
So the motion was
to.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1644) to cure defective
titles in the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1770) to authorize settle-
ments by the Secretary of the Treasury with
joint debtors of the United States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2332) to fix the salary of
the members of the Board of Health of the
District of Columbia.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 1st instant, a report of the
board of engineers relative to the improve-
ment of Mobile harbor; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. BAYARD and Mr. HILL submitted
amendments intended to be proposed by them
to the bill (H. R. No. 1654) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and for
former years, and for other purposes; which
were referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.*
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted an
j amendment intended to be proposed by him
j to the bill (H. R. No. 1070) making appro-
i priations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30,
1873; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
HAIL BIDDINGS.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. K. No. 1930)
entitled " An act relating to proposals and contracts
for transportation of the mails, and for other pur-
poses," having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do hereby recom-
mend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered one, two,
