1670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
That comes exactly to the point that it de-
pends on the extent of your amendments how
much you amend it. A little while ago the
Senator from New York thought it was very
absurd that it should depend on the extent.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 did not say it was
absurd.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He did not say it was
absurd, but his argument implied that. Now
he admits that it depends on the extent to
which you do amend it. Assuming that the
Senate is right in its opinion that a bill to
repeal a tax is not a revenue bill, then you
might put 011 it a provision to repeal another
tax, and I agree that would not be a revenue
bill; but you could not put on to it a general
revenue bill, which is what the Senator from
Ohio proposes to do here. He has proposed
as an amendment to the House bill a general
provision to regulate the tariff of the country.
Mr. CONKLING. By reduction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am net sure whether
they are all reductions or not, but it is a gen-
eral bill 'on the subject.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield to the Senator from
California?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be through in
a moment, in less time than it would take me
to yield and resume the floor again. I only
wanted to make the point so that it should be
understood by the Senate, that, in my opinion,
we cannot on a bill to repeal a tax revise the
tariff generally.
Mr. COLE. I shall object to the Senator
, from Georgia yielding the floor to anybody,
or peddling it about any further. If he wants
the floor, let him take it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The Chair will state
that this debate has thus far proceeded by
unanimous consent. The appropriation bill
is before the Senate, and the Senator from
Georgia is entitled to' the floor, and he must
either occupy it or yield it absolutely.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I think I have
been indulgent enough. I suggested yester-
day. in the hope that I might succeed in rais-
ing the salaries of the district judges to some
extent, a new proposition which did not meet
the favor of every Senator, and I am there-
fore compelled to stand by the amendment 1
originally offered, which is the one before the
Semite.
I have but veryMittle to add to what has
been so often said here. I am certainly satis-
fied in my own mind that while it is true that
the labors of the district judges vary mate-
rially from their location, still no man is fit to
be chosen a district judge of the United States
unless he have capacity and character enough
to earn by his profession as much as $5,000 a
year. I cannot think that the allowance is
extravagant.
Usually, experienced lawyers, men of dis-
tinction, are selected for these positions. They
ought always to be persons distinguished in
their profession in order to entitle them to
places like these, and I take it for granted
that in the main they are so filled. It is very
hard to discriminate with anything like nicety
as to what should be allowed in one particular
district and in another district. Sometimes
the duties vary; they are greater one year
than they are the next year. I think, there-
fore. there would be quite as much propriety in
distinguishing between thecireuit judges of the
United States as between the district judges.
The uniformity of salary, wherever it does not
work gross injustice, I think should be pre-
served; and upon principle it occurs to me
that the salarits of judges of the Court of
Claims and of the district courts of the United
States ought to be about the same. I do not
see why it should be presumed that the judges
of the Court of Claims are necessarily better
lawyers than the judges of the district courts.
I am not prepared to say from my knowledge
of those who have been on the bench of the
Court of Claims since it has been established,
and of the average district judges, that that is
true. I think generally the voice of intelligent
politicians in the States has had more to do
with the selection of district judges than it has
had to do with the selection of the judges of
the Court of Claims, and my impression is
that in the main they are rather a higher class
of lawyers, without, designing any reflection
on the Court of Claims by that remark.
I hope that it may be the pleasure of the
Senate to make this increase of salary and to
make it uniform; I cannot think there will be
much injustice in that; and the amount of
money it takes to make the salary $5,000 for
each one is not very great. It cannot exceed,
I judge, $80,000 in the aggregate, though I
have not made the calculation.
I do not know that I will detain the Senate
any longer. I should regret to see the amend-
ment defeated, though 1 have no pet on the
bench of the Court of Claims or on the dis-
trict bench of the United States, and nobody
in prospect that I wish to benefit. I propose
simply what I think is an act of justice.
Mr. COLE. I ask unanimous consent of
the Senate to move that the debate on this
bill be closed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays have already been ordered on this
amendment. The Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Carpenter, Clayton, Cooper,
Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hill, Hitchcock, Kellogg,
Kelly, Lewis, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Stevenson,
Stewart, Sumner, Wilson, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs.Bayard, Boreman, Caldwell, Cas-
serly, Cole, Conkling, Fenton, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Stockton,
Yickers, and Windom—IS.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham. Cameron. Chandler, Cragin, Da-
vis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Harlan, Howe, Johnston, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton. Norwood, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson. Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Schurz, Scott,
Spencer, Sprague, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and
West—33.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] as amended.
Mr. MORTON. Let us have it read.
The Chief Clebk.
amended, reads:
And the annual salaries of the judges of the Court
of Claims shall be $5,000 from and after the 1st day
of July, 1872; and the annual salaries of the judges
of the district courts of the United States from and
after the 1st day of July, 1872, shall be $5,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does that apply -to the
Territories ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; the district courts
in the States and the Court of Claims. If
you are going to increase salaries, it is an act
of absolute justice, and there is no denying it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does it extend to the
judges in the Territories?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; it does not.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I under-
stand that the effect of this amendment is to
give one and the same compensation to each
of the district judges of the United States
without any sort of reference to the rates
formerly adopted and adhered to so long by
Congress. Now, sir, there is no equality or
propriety in such a proposition, as it seems to
me. I believe the effect of it will be to add
from eighty to ninety thousand dollars per
annum to the expenses of the judicial depart-
ment of this Government; I speak, of course,
from the impression of the moment.
Mr. COLE. Fully that amount.
Mr. CASSERLY. Fully that; and the
reduction of which my colleague spoke with
just pride in offering this bill, a reduction
of $2,250,000, as he stated, is disappearing
very fast under the votes that have been taken
on the bill thus far.
The amendment, as
We have a district judge in the State of
California, at the city of San Francisco, Judge
Hoffman, a man of ability, of character, of
diligence, who does a great amount of work
in a year. His salary is $5,000. There are
other district judges that I have in my mind
who do not do in live years as much business
either in quantity or quality as that district
judge does m one, and yet they are to receive
the same compensation with him. It seems
to me the most indefensible proposition in
regard to salaries that I have ever heard of in
my short experience in the Senate.
No one who knows me needs to be assured
that I am at all times in favor of not only an
adequate but a liberal compensation for judi-
cial services. I am in favorof good salaries; a
high salary even is far preferable, m my judg-
ment, to a salary which is too low to secure
adequate talents and character for so import-
ant a position as the position of a dfstrict
judge. I was in favorof the amendment rais-
ing the salaries of the judges of the Court of
Claimsfor reasons that commended themselves
to my judgment; but since it has been loaded
with this indiscriminate, extravagant—I had
almost said blind—amendment raising the
salaries of all the judges of the district courts
uniformly, without reference to the amount of
business done in their courts or the character
of it, to $5,000, I shall be obliged, much to my
regret, to vote against the whole amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from California [Mr. Casserly] has stated
very substantially the objections which I have
to this amendment. I am not willing to vote
a compensation which shall make the pay of
alt the judges of the district courts precisely
the same, when it is certainly within the
knowledge of every Senator that the duties
of the one judge may be more .than twice as
onerous as those of another. I may illustrate
it in my own State. We have a judge there
who is most eminently fitted for the position
he occupies, and I believe I am right in say-
ing that he keeps an open court the year round.
There may be days, perhaps, when he is not
in the court-room, but he has an open court,
and he is there almost every day, hardly being
able to take that recreation which health de-
mands and requires. It is not justice to that
man. to make him perform that service and
give him no more than you give the man who
performs only one day's service in a week in
some of the other States or less. I am voting
unjustly toward a man whose services I know
and whose services I appreciate in voting to
compel him to do all that service for no more
compensation than is paid to another who does
only one tenth part of that service. Let the
compensation be scaled. There are many
cases, and the State of Maine is one of them,
where it should be $5,000; there are others
where undoubtedly it should be less. I am
not certain but that at certain points it should
be more, where the expenses of living may be
greater; but I do think it a most unjust prop-
osition to make a horizontal scale by which to
pay these judges.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] speaking of
the district judge in his State, has expressed
new and remarkable views in regard to justice
to that judge. He says it is unjust to him to
pay the district judge in Nevada the same
salary that we pay to him. Now, sir, it strikes
me that whether we do justice or injustice to
the district judge in Maine depends entirely
upon whether we pay him an adequate or in-
adequate compensation for his services. We
certainly do him injustice if we do not ade-
quately compensate him. I do not under-
stand the Senator from Maine to insist that
justice to the district judge in Maine requires
us to pay him more than $5,000 per annum.
The Senator is satisfied with that sum for
his judge; but he claims that paying the same
salary to a judge in Nebraska or Nevada is an
act of injustice to the district judge in Maine.
