1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4359
ordinary expenses of the courts of the United
States, but as to the particular details I cannot
say. My colleague will remember distinctly,
] appreueud, the great complaint that came
from nearly all the States of the want of funds
to carry on the judicial department of the
Government while the deficiency bill was
pending.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was not aware of any-
thing of the kind.
Mr. COLE. I thought my colleague was.
1 notified the Senate of it several times.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I wish to know,
if my colleague is able to give me the informa-
tion, is whether that deficiency of $1,000,000
was wholly or mainly on account of the pro-
ceedings under the so-called Ku Klux act?
Mr. COLE. I cannot tell what the object
was under which it was expended. I will
read the paragraph in the law if he desires :
" Eor defraying the expenses of tbe courts of the
United States, including the District of Columbia ;
lor jurors and witnesses, and expenses of suits in
which the United States are concerned, of prosecu-
tions for offenses committed against the United
States; for the safe-keeping of prisoners, and for the
expenses which may be incurred in the enforcement
of the act of February 28,1871, for the four months
ending June 30, 1872, $1,000,000."
That is the whole item.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that; but
I understood my colleague to say that in the
expenditures of the present year there was a
deficiency of $1,000,000. Now I desire to
know, if my colleague can inform me, whether
that deficiency of $1,000,000 arose solely or
mainly out of the expenses of the proceedings
under the so-called Ku Klux act of April last.
Mr. COLE. I cannot say that it arose
solely or mainly out of that class of suits; but
I know the appropriation was made for the
relief of the whole judicial department of the
Government, for the relief of the courts in
different States, and I cannot tell where all
the demands came from, but from our own
State, California, I know, among others. I
know ' that liabilities which were incurred
helped to cause the deficiency. I think it was
so throughout the United States, and I pre-
sume a considerable portion of it was in the
southern States.
Mr. POMEROY. As the Senator has been
speaking a little'over his time, I was about ta
inquire what time lie expected to finish the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
was about to enforce the order. Whichever
Senator from California has the floor has
spoken five minutes, though it is difficult to tell
which of them had the floor, as they seemed
to be carrying on a conversation. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. It is not worth while to
defeat inquiry in this way because it is very
easy to move to strike out a word, which I do
not wish to do, and pursue the matter further.
If I am cut off now I shall renew the inquiry
in some other shape presently.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia seems so dissatisfied about this thing
that I think the best course is to read the let-
ter. It contains all the information.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not dissatisfied,
but I asked a question which the Senator from
Vermont does not answer. I am sure he will
answer when he knows what I want——
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not understand the
Senator from California to ask me any question.
Mr. CASSERLY. I asked no question of
the Senator; I asked it of the proper organ
of the Senate, the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Cali-
fornia does not ask me any questions; and
therefore he does not wish any information
from me. That is plain enough. Perhaps I
might give a little more than he needed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not say that; on
the contrary, if the Senator has any informa-
tion, I should be very glad to listen to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much obliged
to the Senator from California. He is not
under the slightest obligation to listen to any
information from me. In fact, I do not ask
him to do it. It is one of the privileges that
belong to him not to listen. But,, as I said,
as I do not care whether this session ends oil
Monday or not, I will have this communica-
tion read, for it illustrates the subject of unex-
pended balances, &c., under the act of 1870,
that may be advantageous to have on the
record.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The com-
munication will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Department op Justice,
washington, June 5,1872.
Sir: In the deficiency bill approved on the 18th
ultimo there is an appropriation of $1,000,000 to de-
fray the expenses of the courts of the United States.
This appropriation was made at the request of the
late Attorney General Akerman, and was supposed
by him to be sufficient for that branch of the service
for the present fiscal year. It appears, however,
that owing to the largely increased expenses of the
courts, occasioned partly by the increased compen-
sation to jurors provided for by the act of July 15,
1870, (16 Statutes, 363,) and partly by the recent legis-
lation enlarging the criminal jurisdiction of the
courts of the United States, that appropriation is
nearly exhausted, and will not be sufficient for the
expenses of the courts for the remainder of this
year. There is still on hand of this appropriation
unexpended the sum of $100,500, which will be
about sufficient to pay expenses already incurred by
officers of the courts, and there will be needed an
additional appropriation of $200,000 to carry the
courts through the present month. It is important
that this additional appropriation be made at an
early day, as great hardship and embarrassment
would be occasioned if there should not bo funds
sufficient for the service.
In this connection, I deem it proper to state that
previous to the present fisonlyear the amount real-
ized from fines, penalties, and forfeitures was cred-
ited to this appropriation, but by recent legislatiim
this source of revenue has been taken from it.
Hence the necessity for larger specific appropria-
tions.
I would also add that there is a balance of $000,000
to the credit of this appropriation for the last fiscal
year, which is rendered unavailable, however, by
the fifth section of the act of July 12,18/0,(16 Stat-
utes, 256,) which provides "'that all balances of appro-
priations contained in the annual appropriation
bills and made specifically for the service of any fis-
cal year, and remaining unexpended at the expira-
tion of the fiscal year, shall only be applied to the
payment of expenses properly incurred during that
year." I would suggest that if Congress should
allow this balance to be used, or so much thereof as
may be required for the expenses of the present fis-
cal year, no further appropriation would be neces-
sary; otherwise, I must ask an appropriation of the
sum of $200,000 for the expenses of the courts of the
United States during the remainder of this year.
I have the honorto be your obedient servant,
B. H.Bitisrow,
Solicitor General and A.ct%ng Attorney General.
Hon. Lyman Trumbull,
Chairman Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the amendment
that is now before us?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is adding
$200,000 to the appropriation in the bill, and
making it applicable to the current year.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to strike out
"two" and insert " one," and on that I wish
to say a word. If I understand these papers
and statements, the result of the whole is
that upon an appropriation of two millions
last year, there was a deficincy of a million.
If that be so, that result is very extraordinary.
It shows that the expenses outran the appro-
priations about fifty per cent. I have en-
deavored to gain some information as to the
cause of that additional and somewhat ex-
traordinary expenditure. I have listened to
all the statements of my colleague ; I have
listened also to the communication from the
Attorney General's Office, and I do not see
that the statements of my colleague or the
communication read furnish any adequate
explanation. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in on page 42,
after line ten hundred and nine :
For an additional appropriation, to bo expended
under the direction of the joint Committee on the
Library, to decorate the Capitol with such works of
art as may bo ordered and approved by said com-
mittee, as provided by aet approved August 18,1856,
$5,000. And said committee, whenever in their
judgment it shall be expedient, are authorized, to
accept any work of the fine arts, on behalf of Con-
gress, which may be offered, and to assign the same
to such place in the Capitol as they may deem suit-
able, and shall have supervision of all the works of
art that may be placed in the Capitol.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offer another
amendment, to follow the oue just adopte'd :
For the publication of three volumes of Wilkes's
Exploring Expedition, agreeably to act of May 28,
1872, $9,000.
This amendment makes an appropriation to
carry out the act which was passed on the
28th of last month.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offer one fur-
ther amendment to follow the amendment
just adopted:
To enable the joint Committee on the Library to
purchase Moran's large painting of the canon of the
Yellowstone, $10,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is that reported from a
committee?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir, from
the Committee on the Library.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I have three amend-
ments to offer from the Committee on Com-
merce, and I offer the first, and shall follow
in the same place with the others, to come in
on page 22, after line five hundred and nine-
teen.
For the erection of a light-house on Poverty
Island, at the entrance, of Green bay, Wisconsin,
818,000.
1 have here statements from the Depart-
ment which I suppose the Senate will not
require to have read. Unless some Senator
wants to hear them, I ask for a vote on the
amendment.
Mr. COLE. I do not know that there is
any estimate for that.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, yes; here are rec-
ommendations of the Light-House Board and
the Treasury Department, and it is reported
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. And it was sent to the
Committee on Appropriations two or three
weeks ago.
Mr. COLE. I do not know that any notice
was given of it.
Mr. CONKLING. Two or three weeks ago
notice was given.
Mr. COLE. It may have been, but I have
no memorandum of it.
Mr. CONKLING. The Committee on Com-
merce cannot help that. We will keep the
Senator's memorandum if he will only tell us
he wants us to do it. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. Is there an estimate for
this work, and for this particular amount?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. I recollect that yesterday
when I moved ail appropriation on the river
and harbor bill, I was told that if I attempted
to raise the amount to the estimates of the
Department it would bring up the bill to
$20,000,000.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no doubt that
was true in that case.
Mr. RAMSEY. But now when this Com-
mittee on Commerce themselves bring forward
appropriations which they favor, it is very
happy for them to have recommendations and
estimates from the Departments, and we are
expected to follow them.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not tell my friend
that, but I believed it when I heard it said.
Now I ask for a vote on the amendment.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes sixteen—
Mr. COLE. Give it up.
Mr. CON K LING. The Senator from Cali-
fornia says he will give it up.
Mr. COLE. Oh, no; sixteen is not hall of
a Quorum.
