1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3463
that implies or requires the necessity of any
expenditure on l'le Part '^e Government?
Mr. PETERS. Not at all. The land was
considered valueless, and given by the State
of Pennsylvania to the present corporation.
It has been feared it might injure the harbor,
and the Pennsylvania Legislature has taken
action. The Attorney General says it is neces-
sary for us to accept the deed. It will cost
nothing.
Mr. CONGER. It may cost nothing, but
there is certainly connected with this acquisi-
tion by the General Government the necessity
of closing a large breach which has been made
from the lake into the harbor.
Mr. PETERS. I understand that this piece
of land is covered with a grove, and there was
a proposition to cut it down, but the engineers
thought it would be injurious to the harbor to
do so. The idea is to let the grove remain,
and by resisting the wind it will have the
effect of protecting the harbor. The question
is whether we will accept the gift.
Mr. CONGER. I should wish that there
was-u. distinct understanding on the point to
which I have referred.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the bill be again re-
ported.
The bill was again read.
Mr. CONGER. I will only further say that
when there is a demand for an appropriation
from the Committee on Commerce next win-
ter I shall call upon these gentlemen to remem-
ber what has been stated to-night.
Mr. PETERS. They do not ask for any
money, and never will ask it.
Mr. SHANKS. Would it not be well to
gay so in the bill?
Mr. RANDALL. That would not bind
anybody.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] whether
there is any objection to incorporate in this
bill a provision that the acceptance of this
grant shali impose no obligation upon the
United States?
Mr. PETERS. Not the least objection in
the world. Put it in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire, then, to add these
words to the bill:
Which acceptance of said grant shall not impose
any obligation on tho United biatcs.
Mr. ELDtlEDGE. Any lawyer would know
that it could have no such effect.
Mr. SARGENT. There is an obligation on
the part of the Government to receive it. The
amendment would be meaningless, and if not
meaningless, it would be mischievous.
Mr. PETERS The gentlemen around me
think that the amendment suggested by the
gentleman from Indiana would be either mis-
chievous or meaningless. 1 hope^the gentle-
man Will not insist on offering it. There is no
obligation imposed on the United States by
this bill ; but it those words were inserted
they might be construed to imply something
that was not intended. Of course there is an
obligation imposed on the Government^ to
receive the gift. 1 call the previous question.
The previous quest toil was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
The amendment offered by Mr. Holman
was agreed to. ,
The bill, asamended, was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and pa-sed.
Mr PE I'ERS moved to reconsider the vote
by whicli the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to leconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OATHS OF OFFICE.
Mr PETERS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee om the Judiciary unanimously to report
as a t-ubstitu'.e lor the bill H. R. No. 13, and
the bill H. R. No. 521, a bill to repeal wnat
is commonly called the iron-clad oath.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the bill reported as a substitute will alone be
read.
The bill (H. R. No. 2779) to repeal certain
statutes prescribing an oath of office wus
received, and read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read, it repeals an act enti-
tled " An act to prescribe an oath of office, and
for other purposes," approved July '2, 18G2,
and an act entitled "An act prescribing an
oath of office to be taken by persons from whom
legal disabilities shall have been removed,"
approved July 11, 1868.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS OF MARSHALS, ETC., IN TUB SOUTIJ.
Mr. PETERS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report a joint
resolution to amend the joint resolution ap-
proved March 2, 1867, as a substitute, for a
joint resolution referred to the committee.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The substi-
tute alone, if no objection is made, will be
read.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 152) amend-
ing the joint resolution approved March 2,
1867, was received, and read a first and sec-
ond time. . .
The question was on ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the joint resolution prohibiting payment
by any officer of the Government 10 any per-
son not known to have opposed the rebellion,
and in favorof its suppression, approved March
2,1807, shall not be construed to apply to any
sums due for services rendered prior to April
1, 1801, under contracts made with the Post
Office Department for carrying the mail, nor
to any sums due for services rendered before
April 1, 1861, by marshals or enumerators m
taking the eighth census; provided, however,
no such sums shall be paid so far as compen
sation for the same may have been made to
any claimants by the governments of the States
lately in rebellion.
Mr. CONGER. I dislike to oppose this res-
olution now, because I dislike to call for a
quorum, but certainly I do not feel satisfied
that the resolution should pass. 1 hope the
gentleman will withdraw it until the House is
fuller. , ft ' l ,
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, the United
States owes certain marshals or census enum-
erators for services prior to the war, and they
owe certain postmasters and mail carriers for
services rendered prior to the war. The confed-
erate government, paid them in part, and per-
haps latgely, but there is a balance due them.
It is for services performed before the rebellion
and while they were loyal citizens; and the
Committee on the Judiciary have come to the
conclusion, without dissent, that old scores
ought to be rubbed out; that the time has
come to pay the bill which we honestly owe,
whether to foreigners or citizens, to southern-
ers or northerners, or anybodyeke. It is not
a large sum that is involved ; it 18 money due
in a 2teat many instances and in small sums.
Mr! KiLLINGEIt. What istueaggiegate/
Mr. PE I'ERS. Between one and two hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Mr. BUCKLEY. 1 can inform the gentle-
man that it will not exceed $70,000.
Mr PETERS. During the war there was a,
resolution passed suspending the "
such claims. I« was right then andj>U c.
It i< not right now in the judgment o the com
miltee?ana I hope no gentleman will oppose
the passage of the resolution. It is urged not
only by our friends on the other side of the
House, but by all our southern friends oh this
side of the House.
Mr. CONGER. I have already expressed
my regret that I feel it necessary to oppose
this joint resolution ; but I will say to the
gentleman that if he will make an amendment
providing that no payment shall be made to
any person found to be indebted to the United
States, I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. PETERS. Allow me to aay that the
rule of all the Departments is never to make
payments to anybody without deducting what
that individual owes the Government. The
accounts are kept here and the offset is always
made.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PE I'ERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
al^o moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
W. W. GRIFFITH.
Mr. PETERS, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2780) for the relief
of W, W. Griffith ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs the proper accounting ofh-
ccrs of the Treasury to audit and pay W.
VV. Griffith, of Sauta F6, New Mexico, the
sum of $4,350, for services rendered as com-
missioner under t ho lawsof the United blates,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly road the third time, and pussod.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider ih« vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to
ASIATIC COMMKHOIAt, COMPANY
Mr. PETERS also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 22 '.>)
to incorporate the Asiatic Commercial Com
pany.
The bill was read.
Mr W1LLARD. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that this is sub-
stantially tho same bill that was reported to
the House some weeks ago from the Com-
mittee on Commerce; was considered by the
House, and laid on the table by a decided
vote I notice that one or two sections are
either stricken out or modified. The objec-
tions 1 have are not to the details of the bill
particularly, although 1 think some of the
details are open to objections. I was of the
opinion then, and it is my judgment now,
that whether Congress has the constitutional
power or not to make a corporation of this
sort, it is exceedingly unwise to do it. lhis
is an act incorporating a company simply as
a commercial company. It, may jusc as well
operate under an incorporation from the
State of California, or the State of New
York, or anyother State, as to act under this.
This bill gives thein corporate powers; they
can get those corporate powers by the legis-
lation of any State. Now this is a step in
the direction of using the hederat power to do
all this class of legislation. 11 it is proper
for Congress to pass such an act as this, it is
entirely competent for Congress to pass an act
to incorporate a railroad company in the State
of Maine, and running wholly within that
v^tate. This company has, to be sure, or it
may have, one of its offices m the DistriciI. of
Columbia. It is also provided here that it
may have one of its offices in the city of San
*'now, it seems to me obvious that if the
scope of the Constitution warrants such an
act as this, it warrants, as I have just SJd, at.
, act of incorporation for any purpose whatever
