724
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 15,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laios of the United States.
in which shall be entered the name of the pay-
master and of the soldier, and the amount,
date, and place of such deposit. The money
so deposited shall be accounted for in the
game manner as other public funds, and shall
pass to the credit of the appropriation for the
pay of the Army, and shall not be subject to
forfeiture by sentence of court-martial, but
shall be forfeited by desertion, and shall not
be permitted to be paid until final payment on
discharge, or to the heirs or representatives of
a deceased soldier, and that such deposit be
exempt from liability for such soldier's debts:
Provided, That the Government shall be liable
for the amount deposited to the person so
depositing the same.
Sec. 2. Tha.t for any sums of not less than
fifty dollars so deposited for the period of six
months, or longer, the soldier, on his final dis-
charge, shall be paid interest at the rate of
four per centum per annum.
Sec. 3. That the money value of all clothing
overdrawn by the soldier beyond his allowance
shall be charged against him, every six months,
on the muster-roll of his company, or on his
final statements if sooner discharged. The
amount due him for clothing, he having drawn
less than his allowance, shall not be paid to
him until his final discharge from the service.
Sec. 4. That the system of deposits herein
established shall be carried into execution
under such regulations as may be established
by the Secretary of War.
Sec. 5. That the amounts of deposits and
clothing balances accumulated to the soldier's
credit under the provisions of sections one and
three of this act shall, when payable to the
soldier upon his discharge, be paid out of the
appropriations lor " pay of the Army" for the
then current fiscal year.
Sec. 6. That all acts and parts of acts incon-
sistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed.
Approved, May 15, 1872.
Chap. CLXII.—An Act to provide that Minors
shall not be Enlisted in the Military Service
of the United States without the consent of
Parents or Guardians.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no person under the
age of twenty-one years shall be enlisted or
mustered into the military service of the United
States without the written consent of his
parents or guardians: Provided, That such
minor shall have such parents or guardians
entitled to his custody and control.
Sec. 2. That in ca3e any officer knowingly
violates the provisions of this act by the enlist-
ment or muster of a minor, he shall be liable
to be arrested and tried by a court-martial,
and, upon conviction, shall be dismissed from
the service, or suffer such other punishment as
such court may direct.
Approved, May 15, 1872.
Chap. CLXIII.—An act to authorize the
West Wisconsin Railway Company to keep
up and maintain a Bridge for Railway pur-
poses across Lake Saint Croix, at the City
of Hudson, in the State of Wisconsin.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Un ited State* of A merica in
Congress assembled, That the West Wisconsin
Railway Company is hereby authorized to
keep up and maintain the bridge heretofore
constructed by it for the uses and purposes
of its railway aeros3 Lake Saint Croix, at
the city of Hudson, in the county of Saint
Croix, and State of Wisconsin, the said bridge
having been constructed as follows, namely:
with a draw of three hundred and Twenty feel
m length, affording two spans of one hundred
and forty feet each in the clear, for the pas-
sage of steamboats and other craft; also,with
a span of,one hundred and thirty-six feet in
the clear for the passage of rafts; that the
draw to said bridge shall be opened promptly,
upon reasonable signal, for the passage of
boats; that said bridge so constructed shall
be deemed and taken to be a legal structure,
and shall be a post road for the transmission
of the United States mails. And all railroad
companies desiring to use said bridge shall
have and be entitled to use and run their
trains over the same, as now built and track
laid over it and its approaches, under and
upon such terms, rental, or remuneration, first
to be fixed by the Secretary of War, after hear-
ing all the evidence and proofs of both
parties, in case the parties cannot agree on
terms.
Sec. 2. That the structure herein author-
ized shall be built under and subject to such
regulations for the security of the navigation
of said river and lake aa the Secretary of
War shall prescribe, and the said structure
shall be at all times so kept and managed as
to offer reasonable and proper means tor the
passage of vessels through and under said
structure; and the said structure shall be
changed at the cost and expense of the own-
ers thereof, from time to time,' as Congress
may direct, so as to preserve the free and con-
venient navigation of said river and lake; and
the authority to erect and continue said bridge
shall be subject to revocation by law when-
ever the public good shall, in the judgment
of Congress, so require.
Sec. 3. That in case of any litigation arising
from any obstruction or alleged obstruction
to the free navigation of the Saint Croix river
at or near the crossing of said bridge, and
caused or alleged to be caused theieby, the
cause shall be commenced and tried in the
district court of the United States for either
the district of Minnesota or the western dis-
trict of Wisconsin.
Sec. 4. That the right to alter or amend
this act, so as to prevent or remove all mate-
lial obstructions to the navigation of said
river by the construction of bridges, is hereby
expressly reserved.
Approved, May 15, 1872.
Chap. CLXIV.—An Act relating to the Re-
form School of the District of Columbia.
Tie it enacted by the Senate andllouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the board of trus-
tees of the Retorm School of the District
of Columbia f-hall cause monthly accounts to
be rendered to the proper accounting officers
of the Territory of the District of Columbia
for the expenses of such boys as have been
sent to the said school by the proper author-
ities from the cities of Washington and George-
town and the county of Washington, and for
which said cities and county are, respectively,
liab'e to pay one dollar and fifty cents a week,
which shall hereafter be one dollar and
seventy-five cents a week; and the amount
due from said cities and couniy, respectively,
shall be paid on demand; and if not paid
within ten days after the amount shall be
audited, the amount due shall draw interest
at the rate of one per centum per month
until paid.
Sec. 2. That hereafter any boy under six-
teen years of age who is destitute of a home or
means of support, or who is idle and inconi-
gible or wandering about uncared for by rela-
tives or friends, and whose parents, if he lias
any living within this District, are unable to
pay the expenses of his support in the Reform
School, may be sent to the said school at the
expense of the city or county in which he may
be found by the judge of the police court, the
Governor of the Territory, or the president of
the board of trustees of said sciioul.
Sec. 3. That every boy sent to the Reform
School shall remain therein until lie is twenty-
one years ot age, unless sooner discharged or
bound as an apprentice to some proper person
by the boaid of trus'ees; but no boy shall be
retained alter the superintendent shall have
reported him fully reiormed.
Sec. 4. That whenever there shall be as large
a number of boys in the school as can be prop-
erly accommodated, it shall be the duty of the
president of the board of trustees to give notice
to the criminal and police courts of the fact,
whereupon no boys shall be sent to the school
by the said couits until notice shall be given
them by the presideut of the board that more
can be received.
Sec. 5. That if any person shall entice, or
attempt to entice, away from said school
any boy legally committed to the same, or shall
harbor, conceal, or aid in harboring or con-
cealing, any boy who shall have escaped from
said school, such person shall, upon conviction
thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and shall pay a fine of not less than ten nor
more than one hundred dollars, which shall be
paid to the treasurer of the boatd of trustees ;
and any trustee, or the superintendent of said
school, and any policeman, shall have power,
and it is hereby made their'duty, to arrest any
boy, when in their power so to do, who shall
have escaped from said school, and return him
thereto.
Sec. 6. That the sum of ten thousand dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay the annual salaries of the
superintendent, one thousand five hundred
dollars ; two assistant superintendents, .seven
hundred and htty dollars each ; and the matron,
six hundred dollars ; and for assistant teachers
and others, incidental expenses, including
clothing, fuel, servant hire.
Sec. 7. That the Secretary of the Interior
be authorized to purchase a new site for said
school, to be selected by himself and the board
of trustees, on which buildings for the accom-
modation of three hundred boys shall be erected,
under the supervision of the said Secretary, the
board of trustees, and the architect ot' the
Capitol; and for these purposes the sum of
one hundred thousand doilai s is hei ebv appro-
priated : Provided, That before any part of
this appropriation shall be drawn, plans and
specifications of the building to be erected shall
be made by the architect of the Capitol, and
approved by the Secretary of the Interior;
and the amount expended for the purchase of
said site and the erection of said buildings shall
not exceed the sum hereby appropriated.
Approved, May 15, 1872.
Chap. CLXV.—>-An Act declaring the Lands
constituting the Port Collins Military Res-
ervation, in the Territory of Colorado,
subject to Pre-emption and Homestead
Entry, as provided tor in existing Laws.
Be itenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of 1 he United States oj America in
Congress asse?nbted, That the lands constitut-
ing the Fort Collins military reservation, in
the Territory of Colorado, so far as the same
have not been lawfully disposed of since their
reservation, are hereby restored to the United
States and made subject to pre-emption and
homestead entry only, as now provided for by
law.
Approved, May 15, 1872.
Chap. CLXIX.—An Act to regulate tho
Salary of the Consul at Tien Tsin, China.
Be itenactedby the Senate anil House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amei ica in
Congress assembled, That the salary of the
