1672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
that if the Government would pay such com-
pensation as would command the services of
Judge Curtis, for instance, say twenty-five or
even fifty thousand dollars per annum, the
Government by so doing would save millions
every year. The dearest thing in this world
is a cheap lawyer, and every business man
knows it. And what is true of this depart-
ment of the public service is true of every
other.
It has been said that this is an improper
way, an unfortunate opportunity for correcting
this evil; that a general bill upon the subject
ought to be passed regulating salaries for
public service upon some systematic and uni-
form plan, and that we ought not to tinker
with the subject by fixing salaries for particu-
lar officers. With all this I fully concur. I
have heard the same thing ever since I came
into the Senate, but I have seen no such bill,
and I never expect to. I have therefore determ-
ined to act upon the principle of the Irishman
at Donnybrook fair, who, whenever he saw a
head, hit it. I have determined, whenever the
opportunity offers itself to fix an appropriate
salary for any one office, to vote to do so. If
this is not the best possible way, it is the only
practical way to reach a desired end.
Mr. CORBETT. The salaries of these
judges are supposed to be graded now rela-
tively according as they are deserving; and
I wish to show to the Senate just how much
difference there is in the graduation of these
salaries. The difference is $7,500 in all the
district judges of the United States. The
judge in California receives $1,500 more than
the majority of them; one other judge receives
$1,000 more than the majority; and there are
ten judges who receive $500 more than the
majority ; consequently the entire difference in
all the judges of the United States is $7,500.
Now, the proposition is to put these judges on
an equality, giving them all the same amount
of compensation, and, as I understand, these
judges cau now be called upon to perform ser-
vice in any other district where their services
may be needed.
Mr. COLE. Do I understand the Senator
to say that this amendment will only increase
the salaries of the judges by $7,000?
Mr. CORBETT. I did' not so state. I will
tell the Senator what I did say: that the whole
difference now between the lowest and highest
salary of the district judges only amounts to
$7,500 in all the districts of the United States.
If you place all these judges on an equality,
you just make a difference of $7,COO less than
you would if you graded them as you have
them graded now. Is it worth while to stop
for $7,500, when it is remembered that each
of these judges is required to perform duty in
any other district where his services may bo
needed ?
The judge of the district court of the State
in which 1 reside has been called upon to
preside in the court in California, has been
compelled to travel six hundred and fifty miles,
and has presided there to the great satisfaction
of the people of that State. He performs the
duties of his office, I believe, as well and as
faithfully as any judge in the United States.
His court is in session almost every day in the
year. He is a laborious, hard-working, indus-
trious man. I have been trying to get an
adequate salary appropriated for that judge,
but I have failed. He has a large family
growing up and requiring to be educated. Can
he, upon a salary of $8,500, educate his sons
as they ought to be? Can he send them to
college, as other gentlemen who arc engaged
in mercantile and other pursuits in life or in
professional pursuits, send their sons? Are
we to deprive a judge of a United States court
of the same advantages possessed by gentle-
men engaged in other pursuits ?
It seems to me these judges ought to be an ex-
ceptional class. They adjudicate cases coming
before them as between the United States and
citizens for smuggling under the custom-house
laws, and also for violations of the internal
revenue laws. We should see to it that they
have sufficient salary to be placed above want.
We know that in every community there are
wealthy men engaged in illicit distilleries and
other unlawful pursuits, and those cases come
before these courts, and if there was upon the
bench a judge who was capable of receiving a
bribe, they would not hesitate to pay $50,000
for a favorable decision. Nov.', sir, if we
desire to place these men above suspicion and
above want, to give them and their families a
decent support, their salaries should not be less
than $5,000.
Justice has been represented to us as blind-
folded, holding the scales with even poise in
her hands. Yet in this country of ours we see
behind the men appointed to sit on the bench
to dispense justice, children wanting almost
the necessities of life or the necessities of a
proper education. A judge can pursue no
other avocation in life without being subject
to severe criticisms, without being liable to
suspicions affecting his integrity. Therefore
he is obliged to stand aloof from all other pur-
suits. I think now is the proper time to fix
the salary of these judges on a proper basis,
and I hope we shall stand by this amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON. I sympathize entirely
with the efforts of the chairman of the com-
mittee to progress with this bill, and I shall
take but a moment in what I have to say. I
should not say a word at all, after having said
something on this question yesterday, if it did
not appear to me that the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia is placing myself and
many other gentlemen in the Senate in a false
position.
I agree entirely with tha Senator from Wis-
consin who is now occupying the chair, [Mr.
Carpenter,] in his remarks in reference to
the importance of paying proper and ample
salaries to our judicial officers. In addition
to the reasons ho has given, this is a sufficient
reason, otherwise those officers must fall neces-
sarily into the hands of wealthy men who can
afford to live without salaries. It is for the
benefit of the poor man that the salary be
placed at a proper figure. It is an encourage-
ment to him to be industrious and fit himself
to be competent to fill the position.
Now, with all the anxiety which I have to
vote to increase these salaries, perfectly will-
ing as I am to assist in a fair distribution of
salaries among the district judges in the Uni-
ted States, yet I must differ with the Senator
from Wisconsin in believing that the better
plan is to name one fixed salary for all the dis-
trict judges without regard to the time, labor,
and ability necessary for a judge in that dis-
trict. For instance, in the State of Delaware,
the chief justice and chancellor of the State
receives an annual compensation of $2,250,
and you send into that State a district judge
and propose to give him $5,000.
But I shall not argue this question. The
simple fact that I wish to call the attention of
the Senate and the Senator from Georgia to
is, that the lawyers in the Senate differ as to
whether judges should all be paid the same
compensation or not. The Senator from Wis-
consin has presented his view in favor of that
idea; other Senators have a different view.
The Senator from Illinois has offered the
original amendment to increase the pay of the
judges of the Court of Claims. I wish to vote
for it. I am willing also to vote for a proper
increase of salary to the district judges. This,
I think, is an improper one. The Senator
from Georgia insists on putting one amend-
ment upon the other, thereby forcing me and
many other gentlemen ia the Senate who are
not willing to vote for both to vote against the
whole amendment as he has now got it. I
think he ought to withdraw that amendment. !
It ought to be taken from the other, and let
us vote on them separately.
Mr. HILL. I will merely remark in reply
that the Senate will do me the justice to say
that I was not rigid in my exaction for* this
amendment. Iproposedatfirstto add$l,000.
I made that suggestion, but I did not succeed
in it. This was a second thought, and on the
whole I like it better as it is. I still agree
with the Senator occupying the Chair that it
is impossible for us to estimate the quantity
of business done in the respective courts.
There is no means of doing it. The number
of causes varies very much, and the magni-
tude of the causes varies quite as much. No-
body can estimate it. Nobody can tell when
a cause will arise involving great questions,
even of international law, in one of our dis-
trict courts. You cannot tell what sort of
causes will arise.
As for these local arguments such as the
Senator from New Jersey puts in relation to
Delaware, for example, it is the misfortune
of Delaware, owing to her small population,
that she is unable to pay her highest judicial
officers more money than she does ; but there
are important marine interests belonging to
Delaware, and I think it better that we should
not discriminate. Let those gentlemen who
are holding these high positions there under
the State aspire to become judges of the dis-
trict court of the United States. There is no
harm in that emulation. It only assures you
of better talent on the bench. 1 do not see
anything in that argument.
While I am up 1 will say a word in regard
to the argument of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Casserly.] He feels aggrieved
because we do not keep up these distinctions.
I do not know that the grievance is increased
from the fact that there is no increase of sal-
ary provided for the judge of California, who
has $5,000 already. I have taken some little
pains to see how many judges there are who
get above $3,500. There is one judge in Cal-
ifornia who has $5,000, there is a judge in
Louisiana with $4,500, and there are nine
whose salaries are $4,000. The rest receive
but $3,500.
If it were proper to say anything about my
own Slate, 1 know that the judge theie for
years has had more labor than lie could pos-
sibly perform. We have two districts in Geor-
gia, and but one judge. He presides in both
districts. They are not near up with the busi-
ness of either district to-day, and have not
been, and I do not know when they will be.
He is getting $3,500 a year. I think $5,000
a year would be a very poor salary for the
services performed by him.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir.
Mx-. COLE. The Senator's amendment has
carried, and I hope he will not go back and
discuss it now after the vote has been taken.
Mr. HILL. I will not take up the time of
the Senate, although I do not think the Sen-
ator ought to complain. If I understood him
aright a short time ago, he was willing to pass
from the consideration of his favorite bill and
take up something else. Therefore, why does
he complain that I consume time?
Mr. COLE. Most assuredly I was, for the
purpose of obviating the difficulty under which
we are laboring at present.
Mr. HILL. The Senator will pardon me
if I say that I am a little solicitous now about
the two amendments, the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois as well as the amend-
ment I had the lionor to present myself. They
are now together, and they must stand or fall
together, since mine has been adopted, and I
am obviating, as far as I can, the objections
to the amendment already adopted, and in-
sisting that it would be better that both shall
prevail and be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, the judiciary
of the country is certainly more poorly paid
than any other class of men of ability who oc-
cupy responsible positions in the country. I
am in favor of increasing their salaries to a
respectable point at least. The argument
