4360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. CONKLING. Then we must have the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from New
York had better have the report from the
Light-House Board read.
Mr. CONKLING. I will withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays for a moment to see
where we stand. Here is a case whieh I sup-
pose does not admit of doubt or argument, if
the Senate will hear the facts. If they want
to hear the letters of the Light-House Board
and tb« recommendation of the Department,
of course I will send them up and have them
read, and when they are read the Senate will
see that this is a case where we must appro-
priate this money or refuse to erect a light for
the safety of vessels on the lake. That is all
there is of it. Now, I think if the question
can be taken again there can be no serious
opposition to the amendment. If there is, I
shall ask to have these papers read.
Mr. STOCKTON. There was so much con-
versation on this side of the Chamber that I
was utterly unable to hear what the question
was. I understand it relates to a light-house.
I should like to know what the question is
before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on
agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from New York, which the Secretary
will read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. _ The Committee on
Commerce have sometimes introduced sepa-
rate bills for the erection oflight-houses; and at
other times have placed the appropriations on
this bill. This winter wo have retained them
all and directed the Senator from New York
to offer them on this bill. I hope the amend-
ment will fie adopted.
Mr. PRATT. I will inquire of my friend
from Michigan how it comes that the recom-
mendation of this Light-House Board is entitled
to superior respect over the recommendation
of the board of engineers? Their recommend-
ations were disregarded entirely yesterday.
Mr. CONKLING. Iu regard to a light-
house?
Mr. PRATT. Not in regard toalight-boure,
but in regard to an improvement equally im-
portant, equally desirable—-the improvement
of a great navigable river. Recommenda-
tions were made by the board of engineers
of appropriations for the improvement of the
Wabash river amounting to $176,000 this year,
but the Senate refused to appropriate more
than $50,000.
Mr. CONKLING. How much did they
recommend in that case in all?
Mr. PRATT. One hundred and seventy-
five thousand dollars for this year. My friend
from Michigan stated yesterday that 1 wa9
incorrect. -He referred to a statement made
a year ago. He did not refer to the last report
of the chief of engineers, in which $175,000
was recommended to be expended this year
on the Wabash river.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say only one
word in reply to my friend from Indiana.
The argument results in this: the Committee
on Commerce did not feel authorized to report
in favor of nineteen million of estimates for
river and harbor improvements, and there-
fore the people who navigate Lake Erie, who
do not come from any particular State, are to
go without a light where a light is needed for
the safety of life and commerce. That is all
there is of it. Let me admit, for the sake of
the argument, that the Committee on Com-
merce fell into great error in reporting $50,000
for the Falls of St. Anthony, and in reporting
$75,000 or some other sum for the navigable
river to which my friend from Indiana refers ;
we still come back to the question whether,
therefore, the Senate will refuse to erect a
light where a light is needed for the safety of
the commerce of the lakes? I submit to my
honorable friend' that the question is rather
whether this light is necessary or not. If any
Senator doubts that and will consent to hear
read the papers from the Department and the
recommendations and communications of the
Light-House Board, with its estimates, I think
he will be entirely satisfied in regard to it;
but I do not venture to call for the reading 6f
these papers unless some Senator who doubts
it wants to hear them read.
Mr. STOCKTON. I rose before simply
because I heard the word "light-house" in
the middle of a conversation around me which
prevented me from hearing distinctly what had
occurred. I understand now that this light-
house is recommended by the Light-House
Board, and is considered by those having
charge of that branch of the service to be
necessary and proper. As long as I have had
an opportunity of considering this question, I
have considered those lights a matter of civil-
ization and necessity and duty, and not a
matter to be debated where those who were
placed in charge of them deemed them neces-
sary. I trust, therefore, the Senate will adopt
this amendment.
Mr. COLE. I would not consume half a
moment upon this amendment if it were not
that this is the first drop of a whole flood that
will follow after.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope my friend will
allow me to correct him rignt there. There
are only two others reported by the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. COLE. So far as my friend is con-
cerned.
Mr. CONKLING. Only two from the Com-
mittee on Commerce—the whole committee.
Mr. CO LE. There has been a discrimina-
tion, a proper discrimination, no doubt,, in the
selection of the light-houses which were most
needed, and this bill contains a very liberal
allowance, a very full list of improvements of
that kind. Now I hope the Hood will not be
let loose on this bill. I hope the Senate will
stand by the action of the House and of the
Committee on Appropriations on the bill, and
not vote to adopt these unexpected measures.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Conkling.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I now move the next
amendment, which is to insert on page 28, after
lino five hundred and forty, the following:
" for the erection of a light-house at the en-
trance of White river, Michigan, $10,000."
Mr. CASSERLY. Is there any estimate
of a Department or recommendation from a
committee for these motions?
Mr. CONKLING. Both.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move the next amend-
ment, which is to insert on the same page, at
the end of line five hundred and fifty-three,
the following: "for the erection of a light-
house at the entrance of Charlotte harbor,
near Punta Rosa, on the west coast of Florida,
§20,000." I anticipate inquiries by saying
that this is a report of the Committee on Com-
merce, based upon the recommendation of the
Department and communications of the Light-
House Board, which are here if any Senator
wishes them to be read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the
bill by inserting on page 35, after line eight
hundred and forty-seveu, the following:
That $'10,000 of the appropriation for lithograph-
ing, engraving, &c., for the public printing during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, be, and the
same is hereby, transferred to the appropriation for
the Patent Office, for photo-lithographing, print-
ing:, and paper for the drawings of patents author-
ized by the joint resolution approved January 11,
1871, entitled " A joint resolution providingfor pub-
lishing specifications and drawings of the Patent
Office."
The photo-lithographing of the Patent
Office illustrations has.besn done heretofore
under the charge of the Congressional Printer.
The joint Committee on Printing, as author-
ized by law, have transferred that wcrk to the
Commissioner of Patents, to whom it more
properly belongs, and this amendment merely
transfers the appropriation from one Depart-
ment to the other without altering the amount.
'Mr. COLE. I understand this is only a
trsnsfcr^
Mr. ANTHONY. It is only a transfer
without changing the amount.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also directed by
the Committee on Printing to move an amend-
ment which has been referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, but not printed, to be
inserted on page 59; after line fourteen hun-
dred and thirty-four :
For the expenses of the United States commis-
sioners to the international statistical congress at
St. Petersburg, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous consent
to move an amendment. I desire to state that
there is an act of Congress, approved March 2,
1867, which confines the advertising by the
Departmentsin theDistrictofColumbia to but
two papers. At that time there was no paper
here published in the German language. My
amendment is to repeal so much of that law
as confines the publication to two papers, and
to allow the Departments, if they choose, to
publish in the Geman paper which has been
started lately in this District. I will read the
amendment, which is to come in at the end
of the appropriations for the Department of
the Interior. This amendment was handed to
me by the Secretary of the Interior when he
found he was not able under the law to adver-
tise in the German paper.
The law reads as follows:
"That all advertisements, notices, and proposals
for contracts for all the Executive Departments of
the Government, and the laws passed by Congress,
and executive proclamations and treaties, shall
hereafter be advertised by publication in two daily
papers in the District of Columbia."
That is the present law. My amendment
allows them also to publish in a German paper.
It is to insert the following :
That the provisions of the aot of March 2,1867,
relating to the publications of the Departments m
.tho daily papers be .extended to' one paper in the
Districtof Columbia published in tho German lan-
guage, tho &amo to be selected at, provided by law.
I know what the rule is, and I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce this amendment,
to come in after the appropriations for expenses
of the Interior Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ai*-
thoky in the chair.) The Senator from Kan-
sas asks unanimous consent to offer an amend-
ment, which will be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not necessary to read
it. Two papers are enough. If they want to
take a German paper for advertisements, let
them do it. They have got enough to adver-
tise in now.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
not object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made, and the amendment cannot be re-
ceived.
Mr. POMEROY. I have another amend-
ment to offer, .for which I trust I shall not
have to ask unanimous consent. This amend-
ment is to come in after this provision on the
thirty-fourth page of the bill:
For incidental expenses of the land offices, 850,175.
To enable the Department to "administer
upon that appropriation, I have an amend-
ment which 1 am going to offer in a, moment,
which has been sent here by the Secretary of
the Interior, has been reported upon in the
House of Representatives, and which author-
izes the Secretary of the Interior to appoint
two special agents to act under the direction
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, who are to receive, in addition to the
