1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
Sir, it does not end here. The effect of the
success of this funding of $200,000,000 has
been to so'Strengthen the public credit as to
render it nearly certain that the balance can
be funded at four per cent. I hold in my hand
an extract from a letter of the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Treasury, Mr.. Richardson, writ-
ten from London on this subject, telling what
is the judgment of the governor of the Bank
of England upon this policy of the Secretary
of the Treasury. It is dated December 30,
1871. He says:
"Recently I had an interview with the governor
of the Bank of England, and after expressing the
greatest admiration for the policy of the United
States m regularly and largely reducing the national
debt, ha admitted that until lately he had always
thought tile debt could not be reduced, but that now
it had been shown that the resources of the country
were so immense and the determination to maintain
thecredit of the nation and nay the debt was so fixed
and settled we should soon be able to borrow money
at four per cent. Such sentiments from the gov-
ernor of the Bank of England cannot fail of having
a favorable effect upon our securities."
Sir, the Secretary turns from this puny
arraignment to the public judgment upon his
course. Having reduced the public debt by
about $300,000,000, and gold from thirty-nine
to eight and a half per cent, premium, and
having by funding $200,000,000 of that debt
not only saved $26,000,000, but assured a
saving of $300,000,000 more, whatever may
be the vote of this House upon this resolution,
he can turn to that other and greater verdict
of the American people and of the countries
of Europe upon the course he has pursued
with entire safety and repose.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 243) for the apportionment
of Representatives to Congress among the sev-
eral States according to the ninth census;
A bill (EL R. No. 1062) to admit certain
machinery imported from foreign countries
free of duty; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1180) in relation to the
embassy from Japan.
Mr. BIRD, from the same committee, re-
ported that the committee had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title; when the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 487) to exempt the iron steam
ice-boats constructed by the city of Philadel-
phia from the inspection required by the act
of February 28, 1871, entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the better security of life on board of
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and for other purposes."
NEGOTIATION OF LOAN.
The SPEAKER. In the conversation that
occurred in regard to the amendments pend-
ing, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
was under the impression that the Globe
showed that he had offered Ms amendment
before the motion to recommit was made.
The Chair had not the Globe at hand at the
moment, but he now directs the reading of the
proceedings when the resolution was intro-
duced.
Mr. COX. I beg pardon of the Chair. I j
said that it did not appear iu the Globe that I |
had offered it.
The SPEAKER. For the satisfaction of
the Chair, and of the gentleman from New
York, the Chair will have the proceedings
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The House proceeded to the consideration of the
report of the Coinmitteo of Ways and Means, rec-
ommending the adoption of the following resolution:
"*Ilesolvcd, Thsit m the opinion of tbis House the
Secretary of the Treasury, in negotiating the .loan
authorized by the act of July 14,1870, has neither
increased the bonded debt nor incurred an expendi-
ture contrary to law.
4> Air. Dawes. I now enter a motion to recommit
this resolution to the committee.
"Mr. Cox. I desire to offer a substitute for the
resolution reported.
*« I will hear it read.
J? he Clerk read the proposed substitute as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committeeof WayaandMeans
be instructed to report the bill before them prohibit-
ing all commissions, deductions, or compensation of
any kind to any person for the sale, negotiation, and
exchange of United States securities* and prohibit-
ing the employment of Any agent except a proper
officer of the Treasury Department for such sale,
negotiation and exchange,
"Mr. Dawes. I cannot admit that now/'
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very glad
that the gentleman from New York agrees
with him.
The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lution reported by Mr. Dawes from the Com-
mittee ot Ways and M^ans.
Mr. KERR and Mr. BECK called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and there were—
yeas 110} nays 86, not voting 43; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Averill, Banks, Barber, Barry,
Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, William T. Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Creely,
Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Bunnell, Eames,
Harwell, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Frye, Hale, Halsey, Harmer, George E.
Harris, Havens, Hay, Gerry W. Hazleton, John W.
Ilazleton, Hill, Hoar, Houghton, Kellcy, Kellogg,
Keteham. Killin&er, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe,
Lynch, Maynard, McGrew, McJunkin, McKee, Mer-
cur, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Morphis,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton. Perce,
Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Poland, Rainey, Ellis II.
Ptoberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, John
A. Smith, Snapp, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong,
Sypher, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twiohell,
Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wal-
lace, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Barnum, Beck,
Bell, Biggs, Bird. James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
James Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Com-
ingo, Conner, Cox, Crehs.Critcher, Crossland, Daaris,
Box, DaBose, Duke,Eldridge,Ely,Henry D.Foster,
Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, Ham-
bleton, Hancock, Handley,Hanks, Harper, JohnT.
Harris, Hereford, Herndon,IIibbard,Holman,Kerr,
King, Kinsella, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson,
Marshall. McClelland. McCormick, McHenry, Mc-
Intyre, McKinney, McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin
F. Meyer.*, Mitchell, Morgan, Niblaek, Hosea W.
Parker, Eli Perry. Potter, Randall, Read, Edward
Y. Rice, Ritchie, Roosevelt, Shober, Slater, Sloss,
Storm, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Warren, Wells, Whit-
thorne, Winchester, Wood, afcd Young—■66.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Roderick R. Butler, Freeman Clarke, Dar-
rall, De Large, Edwards, Elliott, Farnsworth, Forker,
Garfield, Goodrich, llawley, Hays, Hooper, Ken-
dall, McCrary, Piatt, Porter, Price, Prindle, John
M. Rice, William R. Roberts. Robinson, Rogers,
Scofieid, Sherwood Slocum, H. Boardman Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Speer,
Stevens, St. John, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Tuthiil, Walls, Willard, and Williams of New
York—43.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the call of the roll,
Mr, RANDALL said: Mr. Sherwood, my
colleague, is absent on account of a death in
his family. If he were present I am certain
he would vote in the negative.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was communi-
cated by Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed without
amendment a bill of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 1076) establishing certain
post roads in Vermont,
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to move to go
into Committee of the Whole on the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. CONNER. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr,.CQNNEB. - After completing the con-.
federation of the Indian appropriation bill in
Committee of the Whole, and the bill is re-
ported to the House, wiil it be in order to
offer an amendment to the bill?
The SPEAKER. It would be, if the House
does not second the demand for the previous
question,
Mr. CONNER. If the Chair should recog-
nize me it would be in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would recog-
nize the gentleman in charge of the bill, and
that not being the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Conner,] the Chair would not recognize him.
Mr. CONNER. I desire an opportunity to
offer an amendment to the bill.
APPORTIONMENT.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is in receipt
of a concurrent resolution from the Senate
relating to a matter which renders it neces-
sary for it to be acted upon as soon as pos-
sible. If there is no objection, the Clerk wiil
read the resolution, and it wiil be submitted to
the House for its action now.
There was no ohjection, and the Clerk read
as follows :
In Senate op the United States,
February 1, 1872.
Resolved bv the Senate, (the House concurring,) That
the joint Committee on Enrolled Bills be directed,
in examining the bill (II. R. No. 243) for the appor-
tionment of Representatives in Congress among the
several States according to the ninth census to
correct a clerical error in the last section of the bill,
by which section two of the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States is referred
to as section one of that amendment.
The question was upon concurring in the
resolution of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The apportionment bill,
which is now on the Speaker's table, refers to
section one of the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution ; whereas the intendment of
the Senate, as indicated by the resolution just
read, was to refer to section two of that
amendment. The Clerk will read section six
of the apportionment bill as enrolled.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. 6. That should any State, after the passage
of this act, deny or abridge the right of any of the
male inhabitants of such States, beiog twenty-one
years of age, and citizens of the United States, to
vote at any election named in the Constitution,
article fourteen, section one, except for participation
in the rebellion or other crime, the number of Rep-
resentatives apportioned in this act to such State
shall be reduced in the proportion which the number
of such ma.le citizens shall have to the whole number
of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such
State."
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the concurrent resolution will be agreed to,
and the correction as proposed by the Senate
will be made by the Committee on Enrolled
Bills.
There b.eing no objection, the concurrent
resolution was adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDUCATIONAL FUND.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask unanimous consent
that a substitute which I desire to offer for the
educational bill of the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor may be ordered to be printed. .
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
order of business.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to resume the con-
sideration of the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. L. MYERS. In justice to the business
of the committees, particularly the Committee
on Patents, which will next be called, I feel it
my duty to ask the House to vote down the
motion of the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargent,] so that the business of the morning
hoar may proceed.
The SPEAKER. The question is for the
House to decide. - The gentleman from Cali-
