.1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4361
expenses necessarily incurred by them and
allowed and certified by the Commissioner, as
compensation for their services, a salary not
to exceed $2,500, and it is to be the duty of
such special agents of the General Land Office,
under the direction of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, to see that all the
laws and regulations relating to the public
lands of the United States are faithfully exe-
cuted and complied with.
In presenting this amendment I will remark
that great frauds have been discovered in the
land offices in some of the western States, and
I am sorry to say in my own State; but the
Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of the General Land Office have no authority
to appoint special agents to go out and examine
into those special cases of fraud and report.
The Post Office Department has a large number
of special agents, and the Treasury Depart-
ment has a large number of special agents, and
appropriations are made for that service in
those Departments. They can send a special
agent to any part of the United States to see
if a fraud has been committed in a post offi#e
or in a custom-house ; but the Secretary of the
Interior and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office have no power under the law to
send a special agent to a land office where the
Department are informed frauds are being
committed. The Secretary of the Interior de-
sires to have the authority to appoint two such
agents for the whole United States, to be
taken out of the appropriations contained in
this bill. I therefore offer the following
amendment:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he here-
by is, authorized to appoint two special agents, who
shall act under the direction of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and shall each receive,
in addition to expenses necessarily incurred by him
and allowed and certified by the said Commissioner,
as a compensation for his services, such salary as
the Commissioner of the General Land Office may
deem just and reasonable, not exceeding $2,500 per
annum. It shall be the duty of each special agent
of the General Land Office, under the direction of
the Commissioner, to see that all laws and regula-
tions relating to the public lands of the United
States are faithfully executed and complied with ; to
aid in the prevention, detection, and punishment of
any frauds in relation thereto ; to examine into the
efficiency and conduct of registers and receivers of
district' land offices, and surveyors general, their
deputies'and subordinates, and to instruct them in
regard to the methods of transacting the business
pei taming to their respective offices, and of keeping
the records of the same ; to assist registers and
receivers in preventing depredations upon the
timber lands of the United States, and in prosecuting
trespassers thereon ; and for such purposes he shall
have power to examine all persons, books, papers,
accounts, and premises, and to administer oaths,
and to summon any person to produce books and
papers, or to appear and testify under oath before
him. It shall also be the duty of each special agent
of the General Land Office as aforesaid to report in
writing to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office any neglect of duty, incompetency, delin-
quency, or malfeasance in office on the part of any
officer or employe charged with the administration
of the public land laws of which he may obtain
knowledge, with a statement of all the facts in each
case, and any evidence sustaining the same.
Mr. KELLOGG. I raise the point of order
that the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Kansas is not m order under the rule
adopted on the 29th of April.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment is in order. It is legis-
lation, but it relates directly to appropriations
contained in the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. There is an appropriation
here "for incidental expenses of the land
offices, $50,175," and this amendment relates
to that clause.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator from
Kansas has accomplished all the purpose he
had in view in offering the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. No, I have not.
Mr. COLE. He has made an excellent
speech, so much better than the amendment
itself that I think the Senator will be satisfied
with that, and I move that the amendment be
laid ou the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion, and let us take a vote
on the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No debate.
Mr. COLE. I do not care how the vote is
taken if it can be taken at once. I want a
vote as soon as possible. If it is going to lead
to any debate, I must insist on the motion;
but if a vote can be taken on the amendment
itself, I am willing to yield for that.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a sug-
gestion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California withdraw the motion?
Mr. COLE. For a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is with-
drawn, it is withdrawn absolutely.
Mr. STEWART. The duties assigned to
these special agents are of the very highest
importance. They are to supervise the whole
land business of the eountry, and sueh a super-
vision demands men of the very highest char-
acter. They should be men learned in the
law, and you cannot get such men for a salary
of $2,000.
Mr. POMEROY. It is $2,500. Is not that
enough?
Mr. STEWART. Five thousand dollars
would not begin to get the right- kind of a
man, a man fit to be employed ou suoh ser-
vices.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have a vote on
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California withdraws the motion to
lay the amendment on the table, and the ques-
tion is on the adoption of the amendment,
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will state his point of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. This is legislation.
Now, I admit you can legislate directly as to
an appropriation, but the present occupant of
the Chair and the Senate will bear me witness
that when the construction of this rule came
up it was upon an amendment offered by the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] in
regard to certain naval constructors, I think,
and it was held by the Vice President, and i
believe confirmed by the Senate, but of that I
am not positive, that whenever the appropria-
tion went beyond the year, it was not ger-
mane, and the Senator from New Jersey had
to correct his amendment in that respect to
bring it within the ruling of the Chair.. The
same decision was reiterated on another ap-
propriation bill when I attempted to offer an
amendment in regard to the interest due on
the bonds issued to the Pacific railroad, and I
submit to the recollection of the Chair whether
I am correct or incorrect?
The PRESIDING OFFIOGR. The point
of order was raised and decided by the Chair
upon an inattentive hearingof the amendment
offered. The point taken by the Senator from
Kentucky is well taken. The amendment can
only apply to the present year. If the amend-
ment is modified so as to apply to the term of
time for which the appropriation bill applies,
it will be in order, but as general legislation it
is out of order.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I modify it so as
to apply for one year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That brings
it within the rule.
Mr. STOCKTON. I think the case alluded
to by the Senator from Kentucky was when I
offered an amendment to increase the pay of
civil engineers in the Navy. There were two
points made. One was that I could not in-
crease their pay but for one year ; and in addi-
tion to that, the point was also made that no
pay could be increased, nor an appropriation
made, because they were not officers on the
list of the Navy. My impression is that the
Senator from Kansas is out of order on both
points. I think he has no right to put on this
bill an appropriation for which there has not
been heretofore a law. It becomes legislation
in that respect. He eanuot create a new office.
That is my point.
Mr. POMEROY. My amendment asks for
no appropriation at all. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office and the Secretary
of the Treasury have asked for authority to
appoint two agents to inspect the offices in the
States where the public lands are, and this is
merely to give them that authority.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator may not
ask for atl appropriation, but he appoints new
officers, and puts in the pockets of two new
agents money out of an appropriation that is
in the bill. If that is not legislation, I can-
not understand the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. But this is to apply to
the appropriation for the incidental expenses
of that office.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator from
Kansas means to admit that the registers and
receivers of the land officers, all appointees of
the President, are sueh a set of rogues that
they need two detectives to be sent around to
watch them, well and good. If he will put
it on that honest ground, I will vote for his
amendment; but as I know he will not do any
suck thing, I move to lay the amendment on
the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I only ask 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us stick to that
motion. I object to debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to lay the amendment
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after the word " dollars," at the
end of line ninety-nine on page 5, the follow-
ing words:
The said act being hereby supplemented and
amended so as to strike out from section two tbe
words " having upward of twenty thousand inhab-
itants," and the words "city or town," wherever
the same occur therein, and insert instead of the
words " city or town," the words " county or parish;"
and in the same section, after the words " shall be,"
and before the words " their desire to hare said
registration," insert the words " or to any district
judge in said circuit by him designated, who shall,
for tne purposes of this act, have the powers of the
circuit judge. And thereafter, in the same section,
strike out the word "circuit," wherever the same
occurs before the word " court" or before the word
"judge." Also, insert after thewords "supervisors of
election" the words " who shall serve without com-
pensation, unless appointed in cities and towns of
twenty thou-and inhabitants or upward."
Also, iu the tenth section of said act insert the
words " the chief supervisor or" before thewords
" the supervisors of election," wheresaidwordsfirst
oceur therein.
Also, in the thirteenth section, strike. out the
words "circuit upon the recommendation in writing
of the judge thereof," where the same occur, and
insert the word " district;" and in thesame section,
after the word "thereafter," strike out thewords
"as vacancies may from any cause arise;" and so
much of said appropriation as may be necessary to
enforce said supplemental and amendatory provis-
ions is hereby appropriated from and after the pas-
sage of this act.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I raise the
question of order ou that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland will state his point of
order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is un-
dertaking—I will not use a harsh term—sur-
reptitiously on an appropriation bill to get in
some of the gravest legislation that has ever
characterized the action of Congress, in my
judgment. It is a proposition to reenact the
election law which we had before us some
time since, and which is now before the
House of Representatives for their considera-
tion. I maintain that it is not in order, and
1 raise the question of order against it.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. C0NKL1NG. It
is not out of order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I raise
the question of order under the rule,
Mr. KELLOGG. It is clearly iu order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The text
appropriates money  
Mr. CA8SERLY. I ask my friend from
Maryland to withdraw his point for a moment.
The difficulty about the amendment is that
except to those who have seen it before it was
