1674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
tended to say, and what I think I did say, was
that $5,000 was no more than just compensa-
tion for the year's time of a man who was fit
to be a judge. There are a great many men
of wealth who would take that position for the
mere honor of it, if it had not a dollar's sal-
ary, and you might, therefore, get perfectly
competent men to hold the office sometimes
without any payment whatever. That is not
the idea. The question is what is a sufficient
compensation for the time and labor of a man
■who is fit for the place, whether he is rich or
poor, because if you do not put it upon that
basis, then you shut these offices to poor men;
and that is just what I am interested to pre-
vent.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I may have misunder-
stood the Senator from Wisconsin; but I do
not think I misunderstood the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. ALCORN. The Senator certainly did
misunderstand me. I did not intend to inti-
mate that men who accept these positions for
this inadequate compensation were not quali-
fied for the place. I knew that in my own
State one of the brightest ornaments of the
judiciary of this whole land, Judge Sharkey,
whose reputation has extended beyond the
confines of this nation and has gone abroad—
Lord Brougham pronounced a eulogy on him
in one casein reference to his decisions in Mis-
sissippi—received a salary ef $2,500 in his
position, but he was a gentleman of fortune,
and was able to hold the place at that price.
Men love power; they love position ; the honor
is something; but it is for the nation to decide
the question as to what they will pay. At the
same time that Judge Sharkey received but
$2,500 salary, if he had seen proper to go to
the practice he could have made $20,000 a
year. The circuit judge in my district for ten
years, Judge Shall Yerger, one of the most
brilliant men there was in the land, received
a salary of $3,000, while men of less capacity
were making at the bar iu his court as high as
$25,000 a year.
If the Senator will allow me a word further,
I had the honor to appoint in Mississippi the
judges and the chancellors of that State. In
the district in which I livo the chancellor is
now paid a salary of §4,000. Not a single
respectable lawyer of that district could be
induced to accept the place. I sought men
in the district of capacity, of distinction, of
learning, who would discharge the duties faith-
fully and well, but not one single lawyer of
respectable practice in the district could bo
induced to take the place, and to-day the office
is begging. Why? Because there is not a
good lawyer there whose practice is not worth
three times that sum ; and because of tile
further fact that the lawyers in that district are
so reduced now that they cannot afford for
the honors of the position, in justice to their
families, to make that sacrifice which it would
be necessary for them to make in order to hold
this place.
Therefore it is that I spoke as I did ; but
certainly not with the slightest reflection upon
the judiciary of the State from which the hon-
orable Senator comes. I have some acquaint-
ance with the decisions of that State, and I
know well that his judiciary is now and has
heretofore been able, and their decisions are
received in the State in which 1 live as author-
ity in our courts.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am very glad that
the Senator from Wisconsin and the Senator
from Mississippi have disabused my mind as
to the position which I supposed they held,
and I do not therefore regret that two speeches
have been interjected into mine. I shall not
trespass longer on the attention of the Senate
than simply to say that I think we had better
imitate the State which I have the honor in
part to represent, keep down salaries, and
then this Government might be like the State
which I have the honor in part to represent,
able to pay one hundred cents on every dollar
of her public debt without onerous taxation.
This Government is taxing the people of this
whole country very onerously for the purpose
of meeting her liabilities, while the State which
I have the honor to represent, by strict econ-
omy, not only in reference to salaries, but in
everything else, with a tax rate of forty cents
on the hundred dollars for county purposes
and for the public debt of the State, is enabled
to meet every obligation, and to-day her bonds
will bring their par value in any market in this
country.
Mr. COLE. I ask that debate on this bill
be now considered closed.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The Senator from Cal-
ifornia asks unanimous consent that debate be
considered closed at this time on this bill. Is
there objection?
Mr. HILL. I decline to agree to that.
There may be some other amendments to be
offered to the bill which should be considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia objects. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Illinois, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I now submit the amendment
which I offered a little while ago, which comes
from the Department from the Comptroller.
It is to insert on page 1, line eleven—
And tlio proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department be. and they are hereby, author-
ized to settle and adjust the accounts of the Secre-
tary of tho Senato for compensation and mileage of
Senators up to and including the 3d day of July,
1872; and that hereafter the fiscal year for tho
adjustment ot such accounts shall extend to and
include the 3d day of July.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to amend
the bill by striking out the word "three" and
inserting "four" on the forty-seventh page of
the bill, line eleven hundred and fitly-fonr, so
as to make the appropriation for the salary of
the Commissioner of Agriculture $4,000. The
object of this is merely to make the appropria-
tion harmonize with the salary fixed; and, as I
gave notice of it, it is now in order. Of course,
there can be no objection to it.
Mr. COLE. That will involve going through
tho bill again. The amendment that was
adopted provides for the additional salary, I
apprehend.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No, it does not.
It only fixes the salary. It would not have
been in order then to increase ihe appropria-
tion. 1 gave notice of this amendment, which
does provide for it.
Mr. SAWYER. Every other officer whose
salary has been raised by the amendment that
was adopted yesterday stands in the bill in the
same position as the Commissioner of Agri-
culture.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Exactly, and
therefore you ought to amend the bill in every
particular.
Mr. SAWYER. Is it in order to do that?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly it is..
I gave notice of this amendment. The Senate
has fixed the salary of the Commissioner of
Agiiculture at $4,000. Now I move, in ac-
cordance wilh notice, and in accordance with
the provision of the bill, that an appropriation
ot' $4,000 be made. There cannot be any
objection to it.
Mr. COLE. I have not seen the amend-
ment. It has not been referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I offered the
amendment.
Mr. COLE. It has not been sent to the
committee, I am sure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Sena-
tor from New Jersey just to add a line to the
bill, which will be the shortest way, " and the
sum necessary to pay the increased salaries
established by this act is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated," and that would cover all
of them. There are several cases now. The
Senator from California will remember that I
gave formal notice yesterday of an amend-
ment in regard to the judges of the Court of
Claims, and it might just as well be corrected
in that way for all of them.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Ihavenoobjec-
tion to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Does the
Senator from New Jersey withdraw his amend-
ment ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Does the Sen-
ator from California accept the suggestion of
the SenatoT from Illinois?
Mr. COLE. Does the Senator from Illinois
propose that amendment?
. Mr. TRUMBULL. I will, if it is agreeable
to the Senator from New Jersey. I move to
amend theamendment which has been adopted
by adding at the close—
And the sum necessary to pay the salaries as
established by this act be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out, of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that this can be accomplished by
transposing two sections, so that they will
read in different order, and the Secretary
can do that, if there is no objection, at the
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the sections as they will stand
thus transposed.
Mr. COLE. It is not worth while to report
them. It is a mere transposition of sections,
as I understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That accomplishes the
object.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer an amendment,
to insert, on page 10, afier the word •' dollars,"
in line two hundred and nineteen, "and the
compensation of the foreman of printing and
the foreman of binding at the Government
Printing Office shall be !j>2,l00 each."
This amendment was offered in Committee
of the Whole, and was voted down because it
was then determined by the Senate that there
should be no increase of salaries on this bill,
and with that decision I was of course content;
but now other salaries have been increased,
and there is not one that, ought, to be increased
more than these. I will very briefly state the
position of these men. The foreman of the
bindery and the foreman of printing in the
Printing Office have each of them from one
hundred and fifty to two hundred men under
their employment. Those men work eight
hours a day, and when they do over-work they
are paid fifty cents an hour. The foremen
cannot confine themselves to eight hours a
day, but they must be in charge as long as any
woikmen are there, and they get no additional
compensation lor it. Their compensation is
but little more than that of the journeymen
under their charge. It is very small indeed,
it is not enough, and the amendment raises it
only to a price below that which similar men
would command in establishments in New
York, or in Providence, or in Boston, where
they would have much less service to perform
and much less responsibility. They are both
very excellent men, and they are very valuable
servants of the Government.
Mr. COLE. There has been no notice given
of that amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, notice has been
given.
Mr. COLE. I do not remember it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Notice was given of it
in a little different form, but the same thing
substantially. It comes from the Committee
on Printing. The notice that the eomm.Uee
gave was of an amendment adding twenty per
