4362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
offered it is nearly impossible to understand
the drift of it. It is evidently an elaborate
amendment as well as an extended one. 1
should say the proper course to take with it
would be to pass it over for the present, and
let it be printed, so that we can see it to-mor-
row and understand the bearing of it.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 will state to the Sen-
ator tbat I have taken the precaution to have
it printed, and I have here a number of copies
of it. '
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator from
California allow me to ask the Senator from
Louisiana a question?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Senator
from Louisiana whether this is in substance
the same-bill that passed the Senate the other
day?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Louisiana to let his amendment be passed over
for the present, and that his printed copies be
distributed, so that it can be examined.
Mr. KELLOGG. No, sir; 1 decline to pass
it over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senator from California
asks the Senator from Louisiana to pass the
amendment over for the present.
Mr. KELLOGG. I decline to do so.
Mr. CASSERLY. I make the request iu
order that the printed amendment may be ex-
amined by Senators. It is impossible either
to raise a point of order or to discuss intelli-
gently an amendment which nobody has seen,
although it seems the Senator has had it
printed. Now, 1 wish to know whether he re-
fuses to allow his printed copies to be seen by
Senators here and to permit it to be passed
over for awhile for the purpose of such an
examination.
Mr. KELLOGG. I decline to pass it over.
I have given notice of it
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana declines to yield, and the
point of order is therefore before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well. AU I desire
to say is that if the Chair understands the
meaning of that amendment he is more for-
tunate than any Senator on this Bide.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Chair will rule on the point of
order. The Chair is somewhat under the diffi-
culty of the Senator from California of not
precisely understanding how the amendment
would read ; but understanding that it applies
to the "act of February 28, 1871, or any acts
amendatory thereof or suptilemontary thereto,"
the Chair thinks it comes clearly within the
rule as decisions have been made to-day and
heretofore. It directly relates to the money
appropriated in the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair. That. ] believe, is debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is de-
batable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For five minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is de-
batable under the five-minutes-rule.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 do not understand that
to be the case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Undoubt-
edly it is.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have that settled
now.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to know
how that matter is.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. This ques-
tion undoubtedly grows out of the amendment,
and is covered by the rules as to it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. This
amendment is a breach of the understand-
ing.
Mr. THURMAN. Totally and absolutely.
Where is this amendment offered ?v Where is
it to come in '!
Mr. KELLOGG. The Secretary will read
it for the edification of the Chamber.
Mr. CONKLING. On page 5.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be reported. I
could not hear it before.
Mr. THURMAN. I wantto know where it
is to come in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. After line
ninety-nine, on page 5.
Mr. KELLOGG. After the word "dollars"
in that line. That section has been amended
by the addition of " $200,000" after " $3,-
000,000."
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; the word "dollars"
stands in the print just as it does in the
amendment, and the "$200,000" comas in
before " dollars."
Mr. KELLOGG. Precisely; the word
"dollars" is at the end of the sentence, and
my amendment is to follow that word.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, if this is
not legislation, then nothing can be legisla-
tion.
Mr. STEWART. The Chair has ruled it
out of order.
Mr. THURMAN. No, he has not; he has
ruled it in order. The law as it now stands
applies this election law simply to cities and
towns having twenty thousaud inhabitants and
upward, and I understand the Chair to rule
that this amendment, which extends that elec-
tion law over the whole United States, every
hamlet in it, is in order. It is a law now con-
fined simply to the cities of the United States
having twenty thousand inhabitants and up-
ward, and I understand that under a rule which
prohibits anything like legislation, anything
that is not germane to the bill, the Chair de-
cides that this law can be extended over the
entire United Slates. Sir, if thatcan be done,
your rule is worth nothing at all.
I should like to know how it is that this
amendment comes here printed at the Gov-
ernment Printing Oflicc ; how it is that it comes
here in this shape. Has it passed through a
caucus ? Has it been resolved that it shall be
placed on this bill in direct violation of your
rule ? IIow is it that this thing comes hero in
this way?
Sir, nothing can be clearer in the world—I
say it with all due respect to the Chair—
than that this is a plain and direct violation
of your rule, and your rule is worth nothing
if this can be admitted. Upon what principle,
pray, is it that this amendment is to be ad-
mitted ? Because there is in the bill a pro-
vision for enforcing an existing law, because
there is a provision making an appropriation
to execute an existing law? lsthat the ground?
Under that pretense, cau you extend a law
which now applies only to cities of twenty
thousand inhabitants and upward over the
wholo United States, into every hamlet in the
United States? Is that the construction you
put upon your rule? If so, I should like to
know when you expect an appropriation bill
to be carried through. When is it that you will
expect to pass an appropriation bill? What
is there that cannot be made in order if this is
in order? Of what use is your rule if this
amendment is in order? Of no use what-
soever.
Sir, I wish to see whetherthis thinghasbeen
agreed upon ; I wish to know whether a caucus
has been held upon it; 1 wish to know how it
is that this thing comes here printed at the
Government Printing Office; I wish to know
how it stands; and for the purpose of trying
that question, I move to lay the amendment
on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit that that is not
in order. We cannot have an appeal from the
decision of the Chair and a motion to lay on
the table at the same time.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well; I stand by
my appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is in order if the Senator from Ohio withdraws
his appeal.
Mr. THURMAN. -No, sir; I do not with-
draw it. I stand by the appeal. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
motion to lay on the table is not in order.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not make it.
Several Sexatoks. Question on the appeal.
Mr. CASSERLY. The question on the
appeal is not to be taken for some time.
Mr. President, this is a most unexpected
proceeding. A rule was brought in here the
precise purpose of which was to confine ap-
propriation bills to their legitimate objects.
That rule has been enforced with the greatest
rigor, and in some cases, as it seemed to me,
beyond the just meaning of it or the interests
of the public service. And nowj sir, on Fri-
day night, there being but one full day more
left of this session, this amendment is brought
in here by the Senator from Louisiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
will preserve order in the Chamber.
Mr. CASSERLY. There are probably many
Senators in this body who have the advantage
of the minority in knowing something about
this amendment, and I trust that that advan-
tage which they have may not lead them to
interfere with those who wish to hear what I
have to say by their loud conversation.
Now, sir, here is an amendment which takes
up a bill of very great gravity, which has
always excited much discussion, and extends
it all over the United States.
It is impossible for me to discuss this
amendment for obvious reasons. The Senator
from Louisiana who once "before brought a
measure in here and succeeded in getting it
to a committee unknown to the great majority
of the Senate is the putative father of this
amendment. He has brought it here printed,
and I desire to call the attention of the Senate
and of the country to this fact: that having
brought it here printed, he refused my respect-
ful request to allow it to be passed over until
his printed copies could be read. I am sorry
the Senator is not in his place for he would
then hear what I have to say. I have never
known such a proceeding on the part of any
Senator, in the greatest heat of debate in the
Senate, during my time. It would be impos-
sible for me or anybody to examine this
amendment except by a debate brought_about
on a course of verbal amendments. Five
minutes will not be sufficient to enable me to
understand it. Five minutes will not enable
any Senator who has not been in the secret to
understand it.
Sir, the rule adopted by the Senate is to be
construed by its object, and construed by its
object nothing is more plain than that this
amendment is a violation of the rule. It is
legislation. It is not legislation that " relates
directly to the appropriation" m the bill. The
legislation which relates directly to the appro-
priation in the bill is the legislation which is
specified in the bill. What is that legislation?
It is "the act of February 28, 1871, or any
acts amendatory thereof or supplementary
thereto." What does that mean ? It does not
mean other acts that may be passed after this
bill was brought in, but it means the acts that
were in existence when this bill was brought
before the Senate.
Gentlemen around me say I am not bound
by the five-minutes rule, but at present I pre-
fer to be bound by what 1 understand to be
the ruling of the Chair, namely, that we are.
At the same time I consider this a marked,
undoubted, and most inexcusable violation of
that rule, in its spirit and in its letter, a viola-
tion so gross and inexcusable as to justify any
Senator who sees fit in disregarding it. At
the same time I do not propose at present to
take that ground.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California yield to the Senator
from Louisiana?
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; I have the
floor, and 1 do not want the Senator from
Louisiana to interrupt me—a Senator who
refused -awhile ago the poor courtesy of de-
