1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2571
teen and fifteen, the words "or may hereafter
be made so that it will read, •' or terms of
consolidation with any railroad company or
companies to whom grants of land may have
been made;" striking out the future. The
Senator says this is not to make any new grants
or provide for any new grants.
Mr. SCOTT. It does not. It only author-
izes the parties to embrace in any mortgage
they may hereafter execute, as I understand,
any lands which they may acquire by the con-
solidation of these roads.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; then you do
not need those words which I move to strike
out.
Mr. SCOTT. I think we would need those
words. If such lands as they may acquire by
arrangement with the roads with which they are
now authorized to consolidate may not now
be embraced in the mortgage, it is necessary
to give them authority, if they should hereafter
wish to execute a mortgage, to embrace those
lands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; we do give
them authority to embrace in the mortgage
everything they have got, but we do not wish
to give them authority to acquire by any new
arrangements with other railroad companies,
or any new land grants from other people who
may have acquired them and may be about to
lose their right to them, the privilege of here-
after acquiring lands. We do give them the
authority to mortgage hereafter. The Senator
has stated that the object of this bill is not to
eularge the rights of the company further than
to facilitate the mere execution of the mort-
gage upon what it possesses. Now, then,
taking that to be so, as of course I do, the
language which is used here is plainly, on the
face of it, calculated to authorize, and in my
judgment does authorize, the company to pro-
ceed to make fresh arrangements to acquire
fresh land grants and to make fresh mortgages
from time to time. When the event comes
there will be time enough to consider whether
they ought to be authorized to acquire or to
mortgage further; so that I hope the Senator
from Pennsylvania will not object to this
amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. I do object to it. The view
I have of it is this: the original act author-
izes this company to consolidate with certain
railroad companies. This company is now
simply in its initial proceeding; those pow-
ers of consolidation have not been exercised ;
and if there are lands to be acquired by such
consolidation, they have not yet acquired them.
Now, while we giant no additional powers of
consolidation, if those powers be hereafter
exercised, and by virtue of those powers now
existing those lands be acquired, then, il they
wish to mortgage hereatter, they ought to be
permitted to introduce those lands into the
mortgage. I can see no objection to it what-
ever.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Neither can I. That is
not the proposition, as T understand it. If the
Senator will look carefully at the amendment,
I think he will say so. Now, let us look and
see what this italicised portion says :
And all or any portion of tlie lands acquired by
any arrangement or purchase, or terms of consolid-
ation with any railroad company or companies to
whom grants of land may have been made
shall be embraced within these airangeinents.
That, in terms, authorizes them to acquire by
arrangement or puichase any lands wiiich^ we
by the previous enactment have authorized
them to enter into arrangements for. Very
well; but then it adds:
To whom grants of lands may have been made,
er may hereafter be made.
When you speak of the "hereafter," youare
speaking of a laud grant that may be made,
and therefore you say this company may take
up land grants that may hereafter be made to
any company they can make a trade with;
and hence, if we were to incorporate another
North Pacific Railroad Company, and this com-
pany could go in and buy them out, this would
be a precedent authority that any land grant
hereafter made to any company m the world
may, whatever may be the terms of that com-
pany's grant, be bought up by this company.
So far as my honorable friend speaks of the
right to mortgage hereafter auy lands which
they may acquire hereafter under the authority
of existing law by the arrangements which we
authorize them to make, that is provided for
by the first lines; but these words are devoted
to lands which may be acquired by some other
company with whom they may not have made
any trade at all, maybe acquired twenty years
hence; and we are to say in advance they
may take those and mortgage them. That is
my objection; and I am sure my friend will
see the difference between what he has been
speaking of and what I have.
Mr. THURMAN. The amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, I understand, is to
strike out the words "or may hereafter be
YYi '
Mr.' EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I think that amendment
ought to be adopted. But while we are on
this section, I should like to call the attention
of the Senator who has the bill in charge to
some other matters connected with if. In the
first place, this amendment as it comes in,
unless it becomes greatly changed, is a little
troublesome to understand. There is a pro-
vision in the first portion of this section that
the company—
Khali have power and authority to issue the
construction and land bonds authorized by tho
eleventh section of said act of incorporation, for
such amounts as said company may deem needful
to provide for the construction and equipment of
its line, and to include in the mortgage or mort-
gages to secure said construction bonds all or any
portion of the lands granted in aid ot tho construc-
tion of said railroad; and in tilo mortgage or mort-
gages to secure said land bonds, any portion of said
lands not so used to secure the construction bonds
aforesaid;—
I suppose the semicolon there ought to be
stricken out—
and all or any portion of the lands acquired by any
arrangement or purchase, or terms of consolida-
tion with any railroad company or companies, Ac.
That is the idea.
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. That is necessary tobe
changed. Now I desire to call the attention
of the Senator and of the Senate to the last
clause of the section :
But the amount of said land bonds shall not ex-
ceed $2 50 per acre for all lands covered by the
mortgage or mortgages securing the same.
There seems to be a limit upon the mortgage,
that it shall not exceed in dollars the number
of acres multiplied by two and a half; but if
you look at the section you will find that there
is no limit at all, really, except so far as the
lands which may he acquired from other com-
panies are concerned, and for this reason : the
company need issue no land bonds at all and
no land mortgage under this, because it may
issue what are called its construction bonds,
and secure them, not only by the road, but by
every foot of land that Congress has granted
to the road.
Mr. SCOTT. Permit me to give the Senator
the explanation of that. The original charter
; puts a limit upon the construction mortgage
| of $30,000 per mile, and a limit of $2 50 per
' acre upon the land mortgage. The limit per
; mile was omitted in this bill. I am now au-
thorized to put in that limit, not exceeding
$40,000 per mile, which is really a reduction
of the amount, if any considerable quantity of
the lands go into that mortgage ; and in order
to preserve the original limit upon the land
mortgage, the $2 50 an acre clause was retained
in that part of the section.
Mr. THURMAN. That, of course, is very
I satisfactory if the Senator is going to put a
I limit upon it, because by the section itself
I these bonds may be for such an amouut or
amounts as the company may deetn necessary.
Mr. SCOTT. The difficulty about the limit
arises from the fact that we are only able to
take up one question at a time, and as the
amendments of the committee have not all
been permitted to come before the Senate, we
necessarily have to explain them in this way.
Mr. THURMAN. Exactly so; but I was
necessarily left to inquire about it.
Mr. STEWART. I explained some time
ago that several amendments adopted by the
committee had not been printed aud would be
offered, and I think it will obviate a good
many of the questions that are being discussed
if the Senator from Pennsylvania is permitted
to offer them now.
Mr. THURMAN. We arc on this amend
ment now. I will only say in conclusion that
I hope the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont will be agreed to. I agree with him
that we ought not to say in advance that this
great corporation shall go on swallowing up
all corporations, little or big, it can consol-
idate with, and all the grants that may be
obtained in their favor from Congress or the
States, or in any other manner. I do not
much like this great consolidation and swell-
ing and swallowing up of corporations auy
way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Inasmuch as the commit-
tee have stated that they have several amend-
ments which we have not seen that may
materially, as has just been explained by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, change the scope
and effect of this bill, and as it is a very
important bill, and somewhat difficult it,i its
language to put a precise construction upou it,
audit might be open to different constructions,
1 suggest that the bill be recommitted to the
committee, and let them perfect all their
amendments, and adopt such of those that
have been suggested as strike them with favor,
and then report the bill with the amendments
printed, so that the Senate can see precisely
what it is that the committee proposes to do.
Therefore, 1 move to recommit the bill to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
done. That will kill the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator irom
Vermont, to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The chairman of the
committee opposes it, and I withdraw the
motion for the present, and let us go on with
the discussion.
Mr. MORTON. I have been trying to un-
derstand the object of this bill in connection
with the original charter. The original char-
ter provides for the issuing of two kinds of
bonds, construction bonds and land bonds;
the constiuction bonds to bo secured by a
mortgage upon the road, its franchises, and
apputtenances only; the land bonds to be
secured by a mortgage only upon the lands.
It provides for the issuing ot two kinds of
bonds that may both be issued at the same
time under the original charter. The com-
pany may issue these different classes of bonds
contemporaneously, and by the proviso the
proceeds of each bond is to be applied to the
same purpose exactly, that is to say :
That the proceeds of the sales of the aforesaid
construction and land bonds shall be applied only
in thoconstruction. operation, and equipment of tho
contemplated railroad line.
Bear in mind, the bonds may be issued
at the same time under the original charter
aud the proceeds to be applied to the same
purpose. Now, this bill authorizes tile two
different kinds of security to be put into the
same bond. What is t.he reason of it. I
understand that it is to enable the company
to make one good bond instead of making
two poor ones. It I am nut correct in that, I
should like to be corrected. I say they are
first authorized to issue two bonds, each hav-
ing a different kind of security, but by this
bill they may put both securities into the same
bond, making one good bond instead of two
indifferent bonds.
