1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
Laws of the United States.
42D COKG....2D Sess.
the office of internal revenue, two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
CAPTURED AND ABANDONED PROPERTY.
For payment of ne«essary expenses incurred
in defending suits against the Secretary of the
Treasury, or his agents, and for defence of the
United States in respect to such property, and
in the recovery of property claimed to have
accrued or belonged to-the United States
through the suppression of the rebellion, and
for settling the accounts of agents employed
in recovering such property, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, thirty thousand dollars.
UNITED STATES COAST SURVEY.
For repairs and maintenance of ihe comple-
ment of vessels used in the Coast Survey, per
act of March second, [third,] eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, thirty thousand dollar?.
For pay and rations of the engineers for the
steamers used in the Coast Survey, 110 longer
supplied by the Navy Department, ten thou-
sand dollars.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS THROUGHOUT THE UNITED
STATES.
For the completion of the building for cus-
tom-house at Astoiia, Oregon, twenty thou-
sand four hundred and foriy-two dollars and
fifij cents, and for fencing, grading, sidewalks,
sewerage, and other matters indispensable to
its completion, five thousand six hundred and
eighty-six dollars and forty cents; in all,
twenty-six thousand one hundred and twenty ;
eight dollars and ninety cents. |
Fur continuing the work on the new State |
Department building during the balance of the
present fiscal year, two hundred thousand
dollars.
h'or extension and repair of the building for
custom-hou.-e and post office at Baltimore,
Maryland, fifty thousand dollars.
For completion of the building for marine
hospital at Chicago, Illinois, seventy-seven
thousand three hundred and eighty-three dol-
lars and eighty-nine cents; and for grading
and fencing, thirteen thousand nine hundred
and eighty-seven dollars and five cents; and
to make good the damage done to the building
and loss by fire, fourteen thousand and sixty
dollars and fifty cents; in all, one hundred
and five thousand four hundred and thirty-one
dollars and torty-four cents.
For continuation of the construction of the
building for custom house at Knoxville, Ten-
nessee, one hundred thousand dollars.
For completing the building for custom-
house at Portland, Maine, ten thousand eight
hundred and fifty-one dollars.
For completing the building for post office
and court-house at Portland, Maine, fifteen
thousand three hundred and ninety-eight dol-
lars.
For putting a new roof on the custom and
post olhce building at Newport, in the State
of Kliode island, to be so arranged as to
afford an additional story, and for remodelling
the interior of said building, and such other
repairs as may be necessary, the sum of eleven
thousand two hundred and forty-one dollars
and seventy-five cents.
For additional machinery for the appraisers
stores in Pniladelphia, Pennsylvania, five
thousand five hundred and fifty-nine dollars
and litiy-five cents.
For grading, paving, sidewalks, and fences
of the approaches to the building for custom-
house at Saint Paul, Minnesota, fifteen thou-
sand nine hundred and eleven dollars and fifty
cents. .
For rent of the office of Assistant treasurer
of the United States at Saint Louis, Missouri,
one thousand five hundred dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary for theremain-
der of the present fiscal year, and for fitting up
the office, one thousand dollars.
To reimburse the city of Detroit, Michigan,
the amount expended in laying a wood pave-
ment in front of the marine hospital property
in said city, eighteen hundred dollars.
To supply furniture for the new custom-
house atMacbias, Maine, three thousand seven
hundred and sixty-six dollars.
TREASURY, MISCELLANEOUS.
For rebuilding the light stations at Manistee,
Michigan, which were destroyed by fire on the
eighth of October, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-one, ten thousand dollars.
For repairs and preservation of public build-
ings under the control of the Treasury Depart-
ment, fifty thousand dollars.
For re arranging the heating apparatus of
the Treasury building, according to plan3 to
be approved by the Secretary of the Treasury,
nineteen thousand eight hundred and forty
dollars, which shall be available to the close
of the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-three.
For furniture and repairs of furniture for
public buildings under the control of the
Treasury Department for the fiscal years prior
to the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred aud seventy, three thousand two hundred
and fifty-three dollars and eighty-five cents.
For repairs and preservation of public build-
ings under the control of the Tieasury Depart-
ment for fiscal years prior to the \ear ending
I June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
' seven thousand six hundred and fitty dollars
and ninety-two cents.
For re-establishing lights and other aids to
navigation on the southern coast for the fiscal
years prior to the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred aud seventy, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-eight dollars and ninety
cents: Provided, That this and the two imme-
diately preceding paragraphs do not, involve
any appropriation from the 'ireasury, but are
merely an authorization to the proper officers
to make upon the books of tne Tieasury trans-
fer entries to settle certain accounts.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
settle the accounts of collectors of customs
acting as superintendents of lights, outside
the districts for which they are appointed, for
expenditures already made in pursuance of
law, and which will not involve any actual
expenditure, a transfer on the boobs of the
Treasury of such sums as may be necessary is
hereby authorized.
For vaults, safes, and locks for public build-
ings under the control of the ireasury Depart-
ment for fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and seventy-two, fifty thousand
dollars.
That the salary of the Second Comptroller
of the Treasury shall, after the thirtieth day
of June, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
be five thousand dollars pyr annum.
To pay John P. Bruce the amount appro-
priated to be paid him by the act of July fif-
teenth, eighteen hundred and seventy,_ for
printing for the third session of the Legisla-
ture of the Territory of Montana, but which
has not been paid but is now directed to be
paid to him, aud his receipt shall be deemed
a sufficient voucher for payment of the same
bv the accounting officers of the ireasury,
seven hundred and ninety-six dollars and
ninety cents.
To pay John Gordon, messenger m the Post
Office Department, for extra service from
March fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, to March third, eighteen hundred aud
fif'tv-seven, five hundred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay certain gaugers employed in the thirty-
second district of the State of New York,
under the late collector of internal revenue,
J. F. Bailey, fees earned by them during part
of the month of March, eighteen hundred and
seventy, seven hundred and four dollars and
twenty cents.
For the payment of the salary of the secre-
tary of the Territory of New Mexico, as super-
intendent of puhlic buildings and grounds for
the years ending June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, and June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, two thou-
sand dollars; and so much of' the second sec-
tion of the act of July twenty-seven, eighteen
hundred aud sixty-eight (Statutes-at-Large,
chapter CCLXX11), as grants a salary to the
secietary of said Territory as superintendent
of public buildings and grounds, is hereby
repealed, the repeal to take effect at the end
of the current fiscal year.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay the annual salary ot' the United States
marshal of Nebraska from the date of the
admi?sion of the State,'at the rate of two
hundred dollars per annum, one thousand
one hundred dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary.
To pay 0. P. Rockwell, late mail contractor
in Utah Territory, balance due him, one thou-
sand three hundred and ten dollars and sixty-
three cents.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
Military Establishment.
For the pay department, for the allowance
to the offi'-.ers of the Army for transportation
of themselves and their baggage, when travel-
ling on duty, without troops, escort, or sup-
plies, ninety thousand dollars.
Quartermaster'a Department.
For regular supplies, consisting of fuel for
officers, enlisted men, guards, hospitals, store-
houses and offices, and for forage in kind for
the horses, mules, and oxen of the quaiter-
master's department at the several posts and
stations, and with the armies in the field ; for
the horses of the several regiments of cavalry,
the batteries of artillery, and such companies
of infantry as may be mounted, and for the
authorized number of officers' horses when
serving in the field and at the outposts, includ-
ing bedding for the animals; of straw for sol-
diers' bedding; and of stationery, including
blank books for the quartermaster's depart-
ment, certificates for discharged soldiers,
blank forms for the pay and quartermaster's
departments, and for printing of division and
department orders and reports, three hundred
thousand dollars.
For the general and incidental expenses of
the quartermaster's department, consisting of
postage on letters.and telegrams or dispatches,
received aud sent on public service; extra pay
to soldiers employed under the direction of
the quartermaster's department, in the erec-
tion of barracks, quarters, storehouses, and
hospitals, in the construction of roads, and
other constant labor, for periods of not less
than ten days, under the acts of March second,
eighteen hundred and nineteen, and August
fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, includ-
ing those employed as clerks at division and
department headquarters and hospital stew-
ards on clerical duty ; expenses ot expresses
to and from the frontier po ts and armies in
the field ; of escorts to paymasters and other
disbursing officers, aud to trains where mili-
tary escorts cannot be furnished expenses of
the interment of officers killed in action, or
who die when on duty in the field, or at posts
on the frontiers and other places, when ordered
by the Secretary of War. and of non-commis-
sioned officers and soldiers; authoiized office
furniture ; hire of laborers in the quarter-
master's department, including the hire of
interpreters, spies, and guides for the Army;
compensation of clerks to officers oHhe quar-
termaster's department; compensation ot for-
age and wagon masters, authorized by the act
