4364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that by vote of the Senate, or by
unanimous consent, the Chair does not recol-
lect which, when proceedings under this bill
were commenced it was agreed that the re-
strictive rule should be applied to it.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; butwhatisthe
rule ? I want that rule read. I have it here,
the rule of the Senate, and it has no applica-
tion to any such thing as this:
. "Resolved, That during the present session itshall
be in order at any time to move a recess; and pond-
ing an appropriation bill, to move to confine debate
on amendments thereto to five minutes by any Sona-
ator on the pending motion, and such mutious shall
be decided without debate. And no amendment to
any such bill making legislative provisions, other
than such as directly relate to the appropriations
contained in the bill, shall be reooived."
That is the rule which I understand on the
motion of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations was adopted in reference to
this bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, By unani-
mous consent.
Mr. THURMAN. Was it by unanimous
consent, or was it made an order? If it was
by unanimous consent, then it depends on
every Senator .whether he will obey it or not.
Mr. COLE. It was not by unanimous con-
sent, but on motion.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The Sen-
ator is mistaken ; it was by unanimous consent.
Mr. THUliMAN. I will put it in the strong-
est way, that it was by an order of the Senate.
Now, I desire to know what there is in that
except this, that upon amendments to this bill
debate is limited to five minutes; but oil the
question of what is in order there is no such
limitation at all, nor on the bill itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remark that under the practice of the
Senate, when the Senate is considering a bill
under the operalion of this restrictive rule or
any limited rule, all questions growing out of
it are controlled by the same limit. Questions
arising on an appeal from the decision of the
Chair are qucstious growing out of it, and
governed by the same limit. That is the com-
mon parliamentary practice.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg leave to say that
there ha# never been such a ruling of the Seu-
ate within tny Unowlodgo.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I beg leave
to suggest to tho Chair that this resolution
necessarily is restricted to the amendment
proposed. It cannot be otherwise. We have
lull liberty to debate the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The present
occupant of the Chair understands that this
is a question on an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I under-
stand that the five-miuutes rule does not apply
to anything thai, is not embraced in an amend-
ment. When this rule was adopted by unani-
mous consent, it was remarked that it should
Dot apply to the bill, that it should only em-
brace the particular amendment pending at
the time. It was intended originally to ex-
tend to all debate on the bill, but at last it
was confined specifically to debate on amend-
ments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it seems
to me that such a decision is begging the
question. Now, the very point that is pend-
ing before the Senate is whether the proposed
amendment comes within this rule. I under-
stand the Chair to have decided that it does.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. An appeal is taken
from that decision. Then that decision stands
yet for naught. It is not yet decided whether
the amendment comes within the rule, and the
Chair decides that the rules applies to it.
That is the very thing in controversy. Now
it has been decided that it is within the rule.
Theu any appeal from the decision of the
Chair upon a question not involving the point
whether the amendment is within the rule
might be controlled, as the Chair says, by the
rule itself, bat the Chair assumes that this
amendment is within this rule. If it is not
within this rule, then this rule does not apply
to it. It seems to me that is deciding in a
circle; first, we decide it is within the rule; an
appeal is taken from it, and it is said, "It
being within the rule, you are confined on your
appeal to five-minutes debate."
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose the decision
was the other way; suppose the Chair should
hold that it.was not within the rule?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it was decided that
it was not within the rule, an appeal might
then be taken from the decision of the Chair
in just the same way, and it could be debated
at length, and no five-minutes rule would apply
to it. Suppose the Chair had decided the
reverse, as the Senator from New York says,
that the amendment was excluded, that in-
stead of being in order it was out of order,
and the Senator from New York had appealed
from that decision, why would the debate
have been confined to five minutes? If it
would not in that case, it would not in this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator from Illinois if a deliberative
body does not always submit to the decision
of the Chair .until the decision is reversed on
every question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. An appeal from it
leaves it as if it was no decision.
Mr. MORttILL, of Vermont. Until a delib-
erative body has reversed the decision the
ruling of the Presiding Officer is final.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has 110 force what-
ever, any more than a judgment of a court
which has been appealed from. You might
aa well undertake to issue execution on a
judgment obtained against the Senator from
Vermont when he had taken an appeal from
the decision. The judgment cannot be en-
forced while the appeal is pending. Are you
going to enforce the ruling of the Chair when
an appeal is pending from it? You cannot do
that. It seems to me for that reason that the
debate upon the appeal is not confined to five
minutes.
But, Mr. President, on the other branch of
the subject, it seems to me that nothing can be
clearer than that this amendment is entirely
out of order. Why, what is the rule? The
rule is that 110 amendment shall be received
" making legislative provisions other than such
aa directly relate to the appropriations con-
tained in the bill." This amendment does not
relate to the appropriations contained in the
bill at all. It is not in reference to the $3,000,-
000 appropriated. It neither diminishes it nor
increases it. It has already been said that it
does not affect that $3,000,000; it does not
change that $3,000,000; and it does not relate
to it. It is a bill providing legislative pro-
visions in regard to elections. It is not a pro-
vision in regard to the appropriation in the
bill; but it is a long bill containing much mat-
ter, changing a statute in regard to the mode
of proceeding in conducting elections ; and
how can it be said that the amendment relates
to an appropriation?
_ But. again, Mr. President—and here I should
like to have the attention of the Chair—how do
you answer this: suppose that the last line re-
lated to the appropriation, can you by putting
in a single line that relates to the appropria-
tion under consideration attach to that single
line a whole statute? Could you revise the
postal code 011 the bill? If there was a pro-
vision hereto pay $100 for postal service, could
a man by introducing an amendment that only
ninety dollars should be paid for that postal
service attach to it a bill revising the whole
postal system ? Sir, the rule means nothing
if it is to have such a construction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state what he understands to be the ques-
tion. It is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate ? And
the Chair thinks that that decision, until it is
reversed, is the decision and is binding, and
if it is not reversed it must stand.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the
remarks of the Senator from Illinois give me
an interest in this appeal which I did not feel
before. The remarks of that Senator confer
upon it new and large proportions, because he
suggests, if he does not maintain, that despite
the five-minutes rule, any Senator may speak
ad libitum, upon this debate. If that be so,
and the debate goes on, we may as well say
farewell to all hopes of adjourning on Monday.
It is a hope which I do not intend to relinquish
while I can hold fast of it, as I think we can
in spite of the suggestion. Therefore, Mr.
President, I shall move that tnis appeal lie on
the table. I believe, according to everybody's
construction of the rule, that will bring the
Senate to a vote. Before submitting that
motion, however, I beg to say one word in
reply to the numerous speeches which have
been made assailing the ruling of the Chair.
The rule is: " and no amendment to any such
bill making legislative provisions" shall be in
order " other than such as directly relate to
the appropriations contained in the bill.''
Turning to the bill I find:
For the safo keeping of prisoners; and for the
expenses which may be incurred in tho enforce-
ment of tho aot of February 28,1871, to enforce the
rights of citizens to vote, or any acts amendatory
thereof or supplementary thereto, $3,000,000.
What is the argument of those who deny the
decision of the Chair? It is that the amend-
ment is-not legislation directlyrelating to this.
How can that be argued ? Has it ever been
pretended that to be within this rule one must
move to increase or diminish the appropria-
tion? Not at all. The rule expressly toler-
ates general legislation, with no restriction save
one, namely, that it relates—what relates ?
That the general legislation relates to the
appropriation in question.
My honorable friend from Ohio, who seems
to have some feeling about this matter,
especially as betrayed by one remark, which
I think he hardly intended, interjected into
the speech of the Senator behind me, says it
is a proposition to spread it all over, in every
hamlet, everywhere. What of it? I never
knew a rule to be measured geographically
before.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. CONKLING. I would do so cheer-
fully but for the fact that I have five minutes
only. If it does not count in my time I shall
not object.
Mr. THURMAN. It need not be counted
in the Senator's time.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator's argu-
ment isrightwecanmove to amend all the laws
in regard to life-saviug stations, for this bill
relates to them. I can move the steamboat
bill as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I begmy friend to
excuse me. My time is very short.
Mr. THURMAN. I can go for nearly all
the statutes of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. It is unnecessary for the
Senator to read that. The pages understand
the point; certainly the Senator does. My
friend says he can answer my argument. He
does not know whether he can or not, for he
has not heard it. Anybody can answer his
argument. When he disperses his hands
abroad and says it spreads it all over in every
hamlet, what of it? Does it affect the ques-
tion at all ? Suppose it extended it to one sin-
gle parish iu Louisiana, is not the question the
same.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe I have not
spoken five minutes ; certainly not unless the
Senator's interruption is to come out of my
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does
come out of the Senator's time.
