780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
had no power to compel this House to put its
hands into the Treasury of the United States
and make appropriations to carry out those
treaties. We claimed that to admit such a
power on the part of the Senate would con-
cedc the power of that body to sever the Gov-
ernment; to give away one half of our terri-
tory to some foreign nation under the pretense
of an exercise of the treaty-making power.
The whole argument upon that question was
exhausted at that time, and on the part of the
House it was so conclusive that the Senate
gave up its position.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman will recollect
also that we went so far in our opposition to
the ground taken by the Senate that we placed
$2,000,000 in the hands of the President to
be expended at his discretion in the manage-
ment of the Indians, rather than submit to the
attitude of the Senate.
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir; that is the fact.
Mr. SHANKS. I sought the floor a few
moments ago to say the identical things which
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
has said much better than I could, that those
treaties which have been confirmed by the
action of the two Houses we ought to carry
out; but there are some treaties which have
not been so confirmed, and which ought not
to he carried out.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I withdraw my
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For this amount, or so much thoroof as may bo
necessary, to be used at tho disorotion of the Presi-
dent, to carry on tho work of aiding and instructing
tho Ponoas in tho arts of civilization, with a viow to
their self-support and for subsistence and clothing,
810,000.
Mr. BIGQS. I move that the committee
now rise. It is a quarter after four o'clock.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon that motion. To-morrow and
Monday have been assigned, 1 believe, to
business of the Committee on Education and
Labor.
Mr. BIGGS. I do not think there is a
quorum present.
Mr. SARGENT. If gentlemen will have
patience, I think that in half an hour wo can
finish tho bill; if not, I will assent to the
motion that the committeo rise.
The Clerk read as follows:
^Pottawatomios;
l>'or permanent annuity, in silver, per fourth
article treaty of AuuustJi, 1795, #418 35.
jt'or permanent annuity, in sit vor, nor third article
treaty of >Scptouibur30, 1809, $209 18.
Mr. NIBIjACK. I rise lo a question of
order. 1 wish to inquire whether it would be
in order to move that the committee rise and
report the bill to the House.
Mr, SAKGENT. Does the gentleman pro-
pose that tho bill bo reported to the House
with a recommendation that it pass?
Mr. NIBIjACK. Yes, sir. My object is to
dispense with the further reading. I'see that
there are about thirty pages still remaining.
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose there will be
no objection to the gentleman's proposition;
but there are two amendments which I want
to offer before the committee rises.
Mr, NIBLACK. I hope the arrangement I
suggest may be made by general consent.
Mr. SARGENT. So far as I am concerned,
I have no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The motion
that the committee rise and report the bill to
tho House is, of course, in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It will require unani-
mous consent for tho committee at this stage
to visa and report tho bill to the House with a
recommendation that it pass. If there be no
objection it can be done.
Mr. HALDEMAN. _ I object.
Mr, CONNER. I object, unless my amend-
ment bo considered as pending.
Mr. SARGENT. I am willing that the
gentleman's amendment shall be considered
as pending in the House.
Mr. CONNER. That will be satisfactory
tome.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. SARGENT. Afterline fifteen hundred
and fifty, on page 64, after these words :
General incidental expenses of the Indian ser-
vice:
Eorsurvey of Indian reserves under treaty stipula-
tions, $55,000,
I move to insert the following:
Tor this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to pay the expenses of the commission of
persons serving without pay appointed by tho Presi-
dent under the provisions of the fourth section of
the act of April 10,1869, the sum of $15,000; and the
said commission is hereby continued with the samo
powers and duties provided by law.
That is the peace commission of which Mr.
Brnnot is the president.
The amendment was agreed to.
-Mr. SARGENTI move tho following as
an additional section. It is tho same one
which 1 had read the other day. Tt asks the
Secretary of the Interior to submit a plan by
which some of the absurdities which gentle-
men have pointed out, and which I feel as
keenly as any man, can be remedied in the
future.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it further cnacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Intorior is hereby authorized and re-
quired to prepare and submit to Congress a plan for
equitably extinguishing as far as possible the sepa-
rate claims upon tho Government of tho United
States for annuities and allowances of diminished
Indian tribox, and also for providing on a uniform
basis tor all Indians who are collected at tho samo
agency.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
objection to that.
The amendment was agreed lo.
Mr. CLAGETT. I offer the foil owing amend-
ment, to come in after the amendment already
adopted, in line fifteen hundred and lilty:
It shall be theduty of thoScorotary of the Interior
to make earoful inquiry into tho condition in point
of civilization of tho several tribes mentioned in
this a«t, and wherevor ho shall bo satislied that any
tribe has bccoino sufficiently civilized to take oare
of tho same, ho shall oauso sueh'an amountof the
so vera! appropriations herein as ho may doem proper
to bo expended in tho purchase of stock, cattle, or
sheep, for tho benefit of tho several tribes; said
cattle shall bo turned over to the chiefs and head-
men of the several tribes for distribution among said
tribes, and said cattlo and sheep shall be under tho
exclusive caro and control of tho Indians to whom
they may bo distributed respectively.
Mr. SARGENT. There is no objection to
that amendment in that form.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
tho amendment of the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Oonnkr] being considered as offered and
rejected in the committee, so that a vote may
be hud on it in the llousc.
Mr. CONNER. I offer the following amend-
ment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all citizens
of tho United States shall have the right tofllo their
claims with tha Commissioner of Indian Affairs for
damages sustained by bands of Indians, and should
they establish tho samo by proper proofs, it shall bo
the duly of said Commissioner of Indian Affairs, or
tho officer discharging his duties, to audit the samo,
charginK tho amount so awarded to tho tribe of In-
dians whom tho proofs may show perpetrated tho
depredation, and the claims so audited shall be paid
out of the Indian appropriations from year to year,
under such rules and restrictions as now prevail in
the Intorior Department for tho settlement of other
legal claims against tho General Government: Pro-
vided, That this aot does not include claims anterior
to tho passage of this act.
Mr. SARGENT. There are a great &any
reasons I could give against tho adoption of
this amendment. I now move the committee
rise and report this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cox
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly House bill No. 1192, making
appropriations for tho current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling so-called treaty stipulations with vari'
ous Indian tribes, for the yearending June 30,
1870, and for otl*er purposes, and had directed
him to report the same back to the House with
sundry amendments.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield to tho gen-
tleman from Texas [Mr. Conner] to submit
his amendment in the House.
Mr. CONNER. I submit the amendment
which has just been read. Two minutes are all
I desire for speaking on this amendment. I
offer it because it will restrain these Indians
and keep them upon their reservations. As the
matter now stands they raid over into Texas
or any of the other frontier States upon the
settlements. You go to their reservations and
you cannot claim the property. But if you
pass this amendment, and allow the citizen who
has sustained the damage to go there and
claim his property, or if you provide, in the
event of the property having been sold and
disposed of, that the amount shall be deducted
from the annuity of that tribe of Indians,
you will place a restraint upon them which
will stop all their incursions upon the frontier.
And I think if the amendment have no other
effect than this it should commend itself to
the favor of the House.
Mr. SHANKS. I hope that the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire, in reply to the
gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Conner,] to oc-
cupy only as much time as he has done. Tho
policy embodied in his amendment was tried
for a number of years, and was found to operate
in this manner: that persons had claims against
the Indians, either true or false, for depreda-
tions, which would absorb nearly or wholly
their annuities to"make them good, so that the
Indians were left starving and famished and
naked in winter, and were compelled in order
to subsist to depredate upon tho whites. And
it was found necessary by Congress—it was
done deliberately two years ago, after full de-
bate in Congress—to change the policy, and
fix it so that when citizens complained of
depredations by the Indians, they should come
and ask their relief of Congress. And conse-
quently there is at the present time pending
before the Committee of Claims—and some
before the Committee on Indian Affairs—a
number of this kind claims. But the benefi-
cial result of the policy now being pursued is
that these depredations arc ccasing. I know
the gentleman's constituents have a good deal
of trouble; they are down there, a long way
off; but we arc extending this polisy, and en-
deavoring to protect the citizens. I can toll
tho gentleman, however, that the policy he
recommends has been tried and found ineffect-
ual, and that the only hope we have of prevent-
ing Indian wars is in carrying out our obliga-
tions to the Indians in good faitli, and allowing
these amounts to go to them. I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CONNER,. I desire to make one slight
alteration in my amendment, with the consent
of the House, before thy vote is taken. The
amendment as it is now drawn operates on
claims which may have been established be-
fore the 4th of March, 1800. I propose to let
it operate only from the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Tho amendment will be
so modified.
Mr. SARGENT. That does not obviate tho
objection I raised. The effect of passing the
amendment would be that of simply diverting
from the Indians the bounty of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. CONNER. Let us at all events have
a vote upon it.
Mr. SARGENT. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered on the bill and
amendments.
The SPEAKER. If no separate vote is
demanded on any other amendment reported
