1676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Mr. SPENCER. The salary of the chief
clerk of the Navy Department is $2,500. I
do not know what this appropriation bill states
about the salaries of the chief clerks; but I
know that the chief clerk of the Treasury
Department and several of the chiefs of divis-
ions there receive the amoupt annually of
$3,000 as pay. I know that is the pay of Mr.
Vanderbilt, the appointment clerk. I think
a portion of the salary is made up out of the
contingent fund of the Treasury Department.
It has been remarked by several Senators
that there is no more competent man in the
Executive Departments ofthe Government than
the chief clerk of the State Department. He
has been there many years; and it would be
almost impossible to carry on the duties of
that Department without him. His pay is
entirely inadequate.
Mr. SAWYER. In reference to the manner
in which the chief clerk of the Treasury De-
partment gets an extra compensation, it is in
company with eight or nine other individuals
in that Department, to whom an allowance is
made out of an appropriation of $22,500 placed
at the discretion of the Secretary to add to the
salaries of certain officers ; and if the argument
that the chief clerk of the Treasury Department
receives on that account a larger sum than the
regular appropriation for the salary of chief
clerk would apply to this case of Mr. Chew, it
would apply to officers of the same grade in
every other Department. In the Treasury
Department there are certain very responsible
positions which are held by men to whom these
additional compensations were made because
it was impossible to get men with the requisite
qualifications to fill the positions at the regular
salaries. If you carry this principle through
every Department it will take $200,000 to
meet the increased expense.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose it should, have
we not already determined, in spite of the
Committee on Appropriations, that this is
exactly the time to look the whole subject
over? The honorable Senator from Ohio is
entitled to the patent for this business, and he
at last (if I may be pardoned an Irishism) is
the first man* to begin to object. In reply to
his suggestion that people have been to sec
Senators about a particular individual, I will
say that as to this gentleman and myself he is
altogether wrong.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that.
Mr. EDMONDS. If the Senator did not
mean that by what he did say, I am sure he
had better revise what he has said and find
out what he did mean. This gentleman is not
the person who comes around the Senate to
try and persuade Senators to vote an increase
of his salary at all. I have never exchanged
a word with him or any friend of his on the
subject.
Mr. SPENCER. I never have, either.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only happen to know
in a public way that the responsibilities and
duties that he is burdened with are those that
deserve a greater compensation than he gets,
just as it respects the head of a bureau who is
not a higher officer, is not so high as the chief
clerks of these various Departments, because
the very act organizing many of these Depart-
ments makes the chief clerk the head of the
Department when a vacancy happens, until
another head is supplied. He, and not the
head of some bureau, is made by law the cus-
todian of the records and documents when there
is a vacancy, and he is then the responsible
head of the Department. I am not arguing
that this is a fit way to legislate, when you
are speaking of it philosophically, as the Sen-
ate ought to do ; 1 only say that if we follow
the illustrious example of the Senator from
Ohio, we cannot refrain from doing justice to
a man because you call him a clerk, when you
do justice to a man because you call him the
head of the money-order business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am sat-
isfied that this officer ought to have as much
pay as any chief clerk in any Department
whatever; but I am also satisfied^ that it
merely opens up a new field to continue the
Senate in session two or three hours to dis-
cuss the merits of the chief clerks of all the
Departments. I therefore, in order to save
time, and if possible to pass this bill to-day,
move to lay the amendment on the table.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—^ayes 25, noes 14.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 173.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will now let us take up the Chicago
relief bill and dispose of it this afternoon.
We have time to do that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senate
what I propose to do, and I have no doubt
the Senate will find it an economy of time to
make an arrangement in regard to these press-
ing bills. I only ask the Senate to indulge me
by taking up this bill, and then allow me to
make a motion similar in character to that I
made this morning, that the bill be considered
as unfinished business for Monday next, or I
am willing to fix any other day the Senate
may agree to.
Mr. MORTON. Why not go on with it to-
morrow?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am ready to go on with
it to-morrow; and then I am perfectly willing
to see that the Chicago relief bill be provided
for, and to allow the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. CnAifDLEB,] who has charge of several
bills, to have a day; but my own view is that
at this stage of the session, when we are likely
to get into a wrangle in regard to the order of
business, the ti-ue course is to take up this
tariff bill and fix some day (any day that may
be agreed upon) when it shall come up as un-
finished business. If that be done, I shall
make uo contest with the Senate or with Sen-
ators. Otherwise, I shall stand here and insist
upon action on this bill.
Mr. FENTON. I rise to inquire, Mr. Presi-
dent, what is the next business regularly in
order if the motion of the Senator from Ohio
should not prevail?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
special order is Senate bill No. 2, which is
now properly before the Seiiate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Pending that I make
my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pending
which the Senator from Ohio moves to post-
pone the special order and proceed to the
consideration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. The next business in
order is the tariff bill.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend that motion
by substituting House bill No. 1192, the
Indian appropriation bill; and I wish merely
to say now that since we have got in the way
of making some progress with the business of
the Committee on Appropriations, it would be
well to go on with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate bill
No. 2 being before the Senate as the special
order, the Senator from Ohio moves to take
up the bill indicated by him. It is not in order
to move to amend that motion by substituting
another bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He cannot do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has so ruled ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That he cannot make
the motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That the
Senator from California cannot move to amend
the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thatbeing so, then the
motion now is to postpone the bill (S. No. 2)
in regard to the customs service—I understand
that is the motion before the Senate—for the
purpose of taking up the bill indicated by the
Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
understanding of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 ask for a division of
the question, so as to postpone, and then not
to take up the bill of the Senator from Ohio,
because when Senate bill No. 2 is postponed
I desire that the Senate should allow us to act
upon the Chicago relief bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to inquire whether
it would be in order to move to postpone the
pending and all other orders and proceed to
th'e consideration ofthe Chicago relief bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
knows, as all of us who have been here long
do, that we waste a great deal of time in dis-
cussions about the order of business. I think
the Senator from Ohio agrees, and I am sure
all the Senate will agree, that if we are going
to take a'ny action oil the Chicago relief bill
we ought to take it early, and decide it one
way or the other. Now, are we not losing
time by having any discussion about the order
of business ? May I not appeal to the Sen-
ator from Ohio and the Senator from Cali-
fornia both that by unanimous consent they
will allow us to take up and dispose of the
Chicago relief bill ? We can do it probably
this afternoon, and then it will be out of the
way. Certainly if that bill is to pass for the
relief of these people who are struggling to
rebuild their city, it ought to pass at once.
If it is not to pass, they ought to know it, so
as to b'e able to make their arrangements
accordingly. It will take but little time to
act on it.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that the Senator ask
that the discussion bo regarded as closed upon
that bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would be willing to
agree, on my part, that the discussion be
regarded as closed, and let us vote.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Illinois
agrees with me in asking that debate upon the
Chicago bill be regarded as closed.
Mr. CARPENTER.^ _ Mr. President, I can-
not accept that proposition, and I object to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to waste
any time in regard to this matter. I have
submitted a motion. If that motion is voted
for affirmatively, the tariff bill comes up and is
then entirely within the control of the Senate.
It can be in five minutes postponed either to a
time certain or arranged for a particular day,
just as the pleasure of the Senate shall settle
upon. Then the Chicago relief bill or any
other bill can be taken up; but pending this
motion no motion to take up the Chicago
relief bill or any other bill can be submitted ;
and it is perfectly idle, while this motion is
pending, to debate the Chicago relief bill or
any other class of bills. Let the question be
taken first on the motion that is now pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Which is to postpone.
Mr. SHERMAN. *No, I do not think so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes ; I called for a
division.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not divisible.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has been decided by
the Vice President fifty times that it may be
divided.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, Mr. President, is
it not wiser to take it up and let the sense of
the Senate be expressed as to the time when
the tariff bill shall be disposed of? When that
is agreed upon I shall know how to act, and
when to appeal to the Senate. It is not right
to put me in the position of being here com-
pelled every day to appeal to the Senate to
call up a bill in which every Senator is as
much interested as I am. I do not desire to
do it. I feel as sensibly as any man can the
pressing necessity of §ome action on the tariff
question, but I do not think I should be
