2572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. SCOTT. The purpose is to improve
the character of the bond by giving additional
security for the money necessary for the ori-
ginal construction of the road.
Mr. MORTON. Precisely: that is the idea;
simply to enable the company to make a good
bood by combining both securities in the same
bond. Perhaps they could not sell a bond that
was simply secured by the mortgage of the
road-bed, the franchises, and appurtenances
of a road running through a now country;
they might not be able to sell a land bond by
itself; but by combining both kinds of securiiy
in the same bond, they may make a bond that
is marketable. If that is the object of the
company, I see no harm in it, and 110 reason
why it should not be allowed.
4 Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let me call the
attention of the Senator to the language in
section two, commencing in line six;
And to include in the mortgage or mortgages to
secure said eonstuiction bonds all or any portion
of the hinds granted in aid of the construction of
said railroad.
There is one class of bonds by this proviso
that is contemplated to be used in aid of the
construction of' the railroad. Now it goes on :
And in tho mortgage or mortgages to secure said
land bonds, any portion of said lands not so used to
secure tho construction bonds aforesaid.
The Senator's argument is unquestionably
Bound so faras it goes, if lie assumes, or if it is
true, in other words, that all these bonds are
to be appropriated by this amendment to the
fame object contemplated in the original
charter.
,\Ir. MORTON. As T understand this clause
of the section commencing in line nine, it is
simply intended to preserve the orginal right
of the company to issue two classes of bonds.
By the original charter they were compelled
to divide the bonds. Now they may combine
both securities in the same bond to the extent
of a part of the lands or the whole of them,
or they may still issue if they please a purely
land bond secured by those lands that are not
put into the construction bonds authorized by
the previous part of this section, and that I
take it to bo all that it does mean :
And in the mortgage or mortgages to secure said
land bonds, any portion of said hinds not so used to
secure tho coubtructiou bonds aforesaid.
I think ihot, clause could be stricken out
without affecting the meaning of the section
at. all, because tin' previous paid 
Mr SCO IT. What part docs t.he Senator
8ay may he stricken out?
Mr. MORTON. Beginning 111 line nine and
ending in line eleven, between the two semi-
colons. because the preceding part of the sec-
tion convoys the same idea. It tlill leaves the
right, to make the two bonds The meaning
of it I take to be plain. [f the company
choose, they can still issue a land bond on that
portion of the land not included in the con-
struction bonds.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to the amend-
ment. offered by the Senator from Vermont,
to strike out in the fourteenth line the words
"or may hereafter be made,1' in the clause
"to whom giants of lands may have been
made or mav heieafter be made by any con-
gressional, State, or tenitorial authority, or
who may have purchased the same previous
to any such arrangement or consolidation," I
confess I am unable to see the meiit of that
amendment. The object of this whole bill is
to enable the company to make a good bond.
The amendment of the committee is to insert
the words :
And all or any portion of the lands aoquired by
any arrangement, or purchase, or terms of consolid-
ation with any railroad company or companies to
whom grants of land may have been made or may
hereafter be made by any congressional, State, or
tenitorial authority, or who may have purchased
the same previous to any such arrangement or con-
solidation.
_ If they acquire lands subsequently, it is by
virtue of law, by virtue of the power conferred ;
and this simply authorizes them to put the
lands subsequently acquired by authority of
law into this mortgage to make a complete
bond and a good bond. It would not be per-
haps of much advantage to the company to
acquire lands hereafter if they are not allowed
to mortgage them and make use of them ; but
it provides that if they shall hereafter acquire
lands by authority of law, going upon that
hypothesis they may be allowed to mortgage
those lands and put them in the same mort-
gage for the purpose of perfecting that bond
and giving their full security. Why not? If
they are authorized to acquire lands at all,
would you debar them from putting them in
the market?
It is better for them to have one complete
mortgage than half a dozen mortgages located
upon different securities. I think that is the
experience of railroad companies. Therefore
the object of this amendment is to authorize
the company to put the subsequently acquired
lands, 110 matter by whom given, into the
mortgage. If Congress gives them hereafter,
of course Congress will know the reason why.
If a State or a territorial government chooses
to give land to this company, the State or the
Territory will understand its business. This
amendment simply authorizes this company,
if it shall acquire lands lawfully hereafter, to
put those lands in the same bond, to make a
complete bond and a good mortgage. If there
is any objection to that, I confess I cannot
see it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The objection
to the argument of the Senator is that you
should not permit the company to acquire
lands indefinitely in all future time ; that is
to say, it might be presumed the Congress of
the United States would be willing to allow a
company to acquire certain franchises and
make alliances with certain railroads and ac-
quire their laud grants ; but this, it will be
seen, is an authority through all time to acquire
lands.
Mi. MORTON. I think not. I differ with
my friend 011 that point, that this conveys auy
authority whatever to acqnire lands hereafter.
It simply provides that, it the company shall
acquire lands hereafter by competent authority
given by Congress, or by a State, or by a Terri-
tory, the land hereafter lawfully acquired may
be put into this same mortgage for the purpose
of making a complete bond. This of itself
does not authotize slie company to acquire the
land; but it is hypothetical.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I should like
to ask the Senalor from Indiana if the original
act of incorporation does not authorize this
company to mortgage the lands whenever they
acquire them? Just as fast as they acquire
the lands they are authorized, under the act
of March, 1871, to mortgage them. Then I
ask further if a construction bond based upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, and franchises of
the company for a thousand dollars, for exam-
ple, and a land bond for another thousand
dollars added together do not amount to as
much as if the two were consolidated? What
is the difference ?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, as I under-
stand the question of the Senator from Texas,
if the charter already contains the power he
suggests, this provision certainly cannot do any
harm, for he says the original charter provides
that they may mortgage the lands as fast as
they acquire them. 'This certainly does not
do anything more than that; but it provides
that'the lands hereafter acquired may go into
this construction bond that is now being pro-
vided for, a construction bond that may be se-
cured by the land as well as by the franchises of
the company. He sajs that by the original char-
ter they may mortgage the new lands acquired
as fast as they get them. This simply extends
to the lands hereafter to be acquired, or rather
enables the company to put the lands hereafter
to be acquired in the same security with the
lauds they have already got. The question of
the subsequent acquirement of lands is a thing
not provided for ; it is entirely hypothetical.
It says, t-Or may hereafter be made by any
congressional, State, or territorial authority."
A thing not yet done may never be done ; but
if it is done, and they acquire the lands accord-
ing to law, this amendment simply enables
them to put them into this same identical
security, and make it a good security, that
will command a sale upon the market.
If the object is to build this road, we ought
to enable the company to make a bond that
they can sell, because they cannot build the
road without money; and I think we ought to
enable the company to make the best bond
they can make with the same security. If they
are required to make different kinds of bonds
and they are all imperfect, they cannot sell
any of them. I understand that the main
purpose of this whole bill is to enable the
company to make one bond that can be sold.
The company has the right to mortgage the
land now. The bill does not give any new
right to mortgage the land, but the simple
purpose is to enable the comp my to put the
whole security into one mortgage and make a
good bond.
Mr. STliWART. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment, is in lines fourteen and fifteen,
to strike out the words l<or may hereafter be
made."
Mr. S TEWART. I think those words ought,
not to be stricken out.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Mr. Presi-
dent, I wish to make the Senate understand,
if I can, what is the ultimate object of this
company, or any other company that may
take its place, because this franchise may go
through the hands of half a dozen companies
yet before the road is built.
As I stated in the remarks I made this
morning, the State of Texas has chartered
about a dozen railroad companies, first and
last, beginning about twenty years ago, and
has been so unfortunate as to have no road
built at all. We have lost a large quantity of
lands and are involved now in a large debt,
besides having lent to railroad companies two
or three millions of cash that was provided
for the school fund for the common schools of
the State.
Having had this experience, our State con-
vention in 1868 thought it proper to secure the
residue of the public lands in that State for
the purpose of supporting public schools by
putting it beyond the reach of the Legislature
to grant lands to railroad companies : and I
have here the piovision of the constitution.
Article ten, section four, provides for the
location ot genuine land certificates upon the
public lands. The next section provides:
Sec. V. All public lands heretofore reserved
tor the benefit of railroads or railway companies
shall hereatter be subject to location and survey by
any genuine land certificates."
1 hat is, to open to location the reservations
which had been made to these companies.
Skc. yi- The Legislature shall not hereafter
grant lands t,o any person or persons, nor shall any
certificates tor land be sold at the land office, ex-
cept to actual settlers upon the same, and in lots not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres.
Sec. VII. All lands granted to railway com-
panies,, which have not been alienated by said com-
panies, m conformity with the term* of their charter,
respectively, and the laws of the State under which
thogrants were made, are hereby declared forfeited
to the btate for the benefit of the school fund.''
Then >t provides for homesteads and so 011.
ihe party that drafted these provisions in the
constitution of the State, whom we call Rad-
ical Republicans in Texas, had control of the
Legislature of tho State that met in 1870. The
large volume which I hold in my hand con-
tains only about half, I believe, of the private
acts passed by that Legislature. They re-
niaioed in session twelve or fifteen months out
of the eighteen for which they were elected,
granting charters to railway companies, and
granting everything that they could grant.
■Not being able to get at the public lands in.
