8468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
not, do as they ought to without the power to
bend for persons and papers, and authority
to ascertain other facts which the committee
showed were necessary.
Now, tho gentleman from New York [Mr.
Goodkich] tells us that there were three
parlies contesting before the committee. Sir,
there were three parlies, and there was a
fourth party that ought to have been con-
testing it before the committee. As one of
the minority I insisted that it was our duty to
represent the United Stales, especially when
it appeared that all the Attorneys General
employed in behalf of the United States in
this matter arc now employed in beiialfofthese
companies against the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is a mistake.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It is no mistake. The
chairman of the committee will please not
interrupt me in that way. It was claimed
(and if this report shall stand just as it is made
hero it will be the fact) that the United States
willbe concluded by the acts of the Land Office
upon this question. It was claimed by the
majority of the committee, and must be the
fact in order to justify their report, that when-
ever the Land Office shall decide that anyone
of these companies is entitled to any portion of
the lands or any subsidy which they are author-
ized to have under cenain circumstances, that
is conclusive; tlmt, it is settled by the proper
officer of tho United States, and cannot be
inquired into in any other way. The United
States is, therefore, to be crushed between
these three several millstones, ifyou please to
cull ihem so. Two of the parties, as was stated
by the gent'eman from Massachusetts, when
they found themselves somewhat embariassed,
withdrew liom the contest and senled their
controversy, as we supposed, outside of the
committee. Then it was that they begged of
us, as the gentleman from .Maine [Mr. Pkteus]
say«, to let them alone and permit thetn to
divide up the spoils, if we would permit them
todisiribnte the landsand money of the United
States, they would be content; and 1 have no
doubt they did apply repeatedly to the gentle-
man from Maine to have him make this repoit,
that they might make a division and dispose
of the interests of the United States.
Now, this assignment which has been spoken
of assigns ihe rights which were given by the
United States to a railroad company upon
certain conditions; and this railroad company
to which the assignment is made may be either
solvent or insolvent, may be either able to
perform the conditions or notable to perlonn
them. If the assignment is held to be valid,
and if the officer of ihe United States authorized
to determine the question in the Land Office
should determine in favor of this new com
pany, then, according to the chairman of the
committee and those who concur with him,
the United States is concluded. The question
is res adjudicate, and cannot be inquiied into
further; if the United States shall see fit to
recognize the company to whom the assign-
ment is made, and grant to them the lands and
the subsidy, that ends the matter. That is the
question; and that is why those parties wished
1o withdraw, and why this report was made.
I do not charge the committee with making
the jeport in the interest of any railroad com-
pany ; but the companies that applied to ray
friend from Maine [Mr. Peters] applied to
him that they might have these questions set-
tled between themselves; and the United States
havej inlio instance been represented before
the committee. The questions examined have
been examined simply with reference to the
railroad compan.es.
These tire tho questions which we insist
should be inquired into; these are the ques-
tions which have not been examined by the
committee. They aie the questions which
weie ignored by the majority of the commit-
tee, but upon winch we intended, if we had
had an oppoi tunny, and if the papers had not
been taken away upon the settlement between
these two companies, to have made a minority
report.
This is all I desire to say upon this question.
My opinion is that this matter ought to be re-
committed and the committee authorized to
send for persons and papers; that they ought
to examine into the whole question, not the
question of the rights of these companies
alone, but the more important question to the
country, the rights of the United States with
reference to the giving of these lands and sub-
sidies to these several companies.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, in the little
I have alieady said I have avoided so far as
possible any discussion of the conflict between
these several railroad companies. The reso-
lution, misinterpreted or forgotten by my hon-
orable friend [Mr. EnnREPOu] who has just
taken his seat, authorizes the committee to
examine witnesses on oath touching this busi-
ness; but the committee never intimated any
desire to examine anybody on oath. No
motion of the sort was ever made. The case
was not one requiring any examination upon
oath. It was very clear that the question
before us was simply whether under existing
law it was the function or duty of the House
of Representatives to entertain this case at
all.
Now, if the House will bear with me a moment
I will vindicate very briefly the.action of the
majority of the committee. If the United States
were withoutretnedy in the event of an ignorant
act on the part of' the Department,, in the event
of a mistake that would amount to construc-
tive fraud, in the event of an actual fraud prac-
ticed upon the Deputment, such as the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Buti.er] seemed to intimate, then I would
favor the suggestion of my friend from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldiieiige] to recommit this
subject, with power to send for persons and
papers.
But, sir, the Government of the United
Sfa'es is as competent to go into court on a
bill in chancery io set aside a decision of the
Interior Department touching any land or
lands to either of these corporations, as is
any preijmptor; and it has been so ruled and
decided by your Supreme Court. More than
once, sir, they have set aside patents issued
by the Interior Department. At the term of
couit just closed, in the case of Thompson,
and one from the State of Nebraska, the
Supreme Court of the United States set
aside the order atid decision and patent, of the
Secretary of the Interior, and declared the
patentee was but, the trustee of the rightful
owner. And in the ca-^e of the United States
vs. Stone the Supreme Court, of the United
States, in the case reported in 2 Wallace, sol-
emnly ruled the United States might, by pro-
ceeding in chancery toueh'ng a patent, set
aside a patent issued by itself That was the
language of the distinguished justice of that
court now no more, Mr. Justice Grier, that
when the patent was issued in ignorance, or
issued in fraud, or issued without, authority
of law in the Department to issue it, it might
be set aside.
I read in the hearing of the House from the
text, of the opinion ol the court as given by
Justice Grier, which is enough to satisfy the
House I am light on that subject, for that was
precisc'y the case which was tried, the United
States being the paity against Stone. Justice
Grier in delivering the opinion of the court,
from which there was no dissent, proceeds to
say:
"A patent is tho highest evidence of title, and is
conclusive ns against the Government, und_ nil
claiming under junior patents or title?, until it is
set aside, or annulled by some judicial tribunal. In
Euglund tins was originally done by ncirc faiiai,
but a bill m chancery is found a more convenient
remedy. , , ,
" Nor io fraud in the patentee the onij'firouna upon
which a biil will be sustained. Patents are some-
times issued unadvisedly or by mistake, where the
officer has no authority m law to grant them, or
where another party has a higher equity and should
have received the patent. In such cases courts ol
law will pronounce them void. Tho patent, ia but
evidence of a prrant, and the officer who iscwies it
acts ministerially, and not judicially."
Mr. Speaker, I say to the House the opin-
ion of the court I have lead to the House ia
this: where the Interior Department issues a
patent for lands without authority to do it, the
court can set it aside oil suit of the United
States. When he issues it in mistake, or igno-
rance, the United States by its own suit can
set it aside. When he issues it through fraud
practiced on him by any party to the patent,
or through fraud in which he is a participant
himself, the Uniled States by its own action,
in its own tribunals, may set it aside. There
is your own rilling.
Mr. ELDREDGE rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. Do not interrupt me now.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I donot dispute a single
proposition of law laid down by the gentle-
man from Ohio
Mr. BINGHAM. I am glad the gentleman
does not.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman has not
met tho proposition I have madetothe House,
that when the Land Officc recognized one of
these companies, orpaidoversubsidies to them,
the House will not subscribe to the opinion
l lint it, shall be conclusive on the Government,
and the question c-innol, be raised elsewhere.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is a total mistake.
The com I, has decided the question can be
raised. If he doe?, it without authoi i'y of law,
if' ho does it through fnud or mistake, it can
be set aside. So the court, ruled that it be does
it through fraud, through ignorance, or through
mistake, it shall be set, aside. He wishes,
under the pretense of protecting, the Uniied
States, to have two hundred genth men sit, down
here and become triers of a case when, by the
wiitten law, it, is to be tried ptimarily i" the
Interior Department, arid finally in the judi-
cial departments of t,h<; Govci ument. That is
all the point between us.
In regard to sub-idies in money, that is all
settled and not before the committee at all.
In regard to lands, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in the opinion he gave before this ques-
tion came here, and that is a matter of record,
refused One half of tile lands claimed by one
of these companies. Whether he allowed it to
another I do not know. He refused it to one
company, and decided the case pending before
him.
All I have to say about this is that, nnder the
laws of the United States primarily in fho
administration of your laws touching the Post
Office service that is to be done first through
the Post Officc Department,.
Under your laws touching the service of
the Anny, anything bi-longing to that is to bo
lb elided in the War Department piiuiarily.
Under your laws what is to be done in jour
naval servicc is primarily to be decided in the
Navy Department. And so wlv.it is to be
done in your courts, and through the officials
of your couits, your judicial officers, belongs
to the Department of Justice. But if, in any
one of these Departments, acting under tin-
guidance of your written law, theie is itrno
ranee, mistake, fraud, the denial of any of the
rights of this Government or of the citizens
of this Government, that is a matter for your
courts. When it is a deprivation of the
rights of a citizen, if there has been any at-
tempted fraud or mistake, the matter is to be
reheard, redecided, and corrected, if there
has been any attempted fraud or mistake.
Gentlemen come here and ask us t,o atrip
the Department of the Interior of the authoi-
ir.y with which it is clothed by law. '1 hey ask
us to strip the judicial departments of the
Government of the Uniied states oi ihe au-
thoiity with which they are clothed by law,
and to sit, down heie and decidc whether the
Central Branch or the St Joseph .and Denver
Branch or whether tho Kansas Branch is en-
titled to the whole or any part of these lands.
I insist on it, sir, that the majority of the com-
