1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3469
miltee have done nothing but their duty in
asking this House to discharge them from
the further consideration of this subject, to
remand it where it belongs under the written
laws of the nation, and if the Secretary of the
Interior does not do his duty there are vigi-
lant men enough in this House and <jut of it.,
charged with the duties of this Government,
to see to.it that any error he commits through
ignorance or mistaking the words of your
Supreme Court, or through fraud practiced
upon hun or by himself, in derogation of the
rights of any one, shall be reviewed, corrected,
and reversed iu the highest judicial tribunal
of 'he nation.
That is all, sir, there is in this case. There
is no money question about it. And if there
be any private preemptors, there stand half a
dozen cases ruled and settled, and questioned
and challenged by nobody, in accordance with
which a man wrongfully deprived of his vested
rights under your law as a preemptoi' may go
imo your courts and liav.e a decree securing to
him his rights.
Now. my proposition is simply that this
resolution heretofore referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciaiyto investigate this ques-
tion do lie upon t.lie table, that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration
of this subject, and that the Secretary of the
Interior, who has heretofore been notified to
sfspend the discharge of his duties under the
law, be informed of the action of the House.
We decide nothing in favor of anybody at all.
And if the House shall sustain the previous
question, 1 repeat again that it is my desire
that the House shall give these gentlemen
Friday week, after the morning hour, to hear
anything they may have to say on this subject,
as well as to present any minority report they
may see fit to present.
I now move the previous question on the
resolution.
Mr. TAFFE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. BINGHAM. With the conscnt of the
House, 1 shall answer any question the gentle-
man may ask me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the House will allow this matter to be dis-
cussed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am asking this House
to allow it to he discussed.
Mr. TAFFE. All that the chairman of the
committee asks is that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
resolution. I will ask him if he will be willing
to pass a resolution without that stump speech
which he has injected into it?
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no stump speech
in the resolution. The resolution is just what
I have had read.
Mr. TAFFE. Will the gentleman answer
my question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Let the resolution be read.
There is no stump speech in it. Will the gen-
tleman state what he wants stricken out?
The SPEAKERpro tempore. Thequestion
is upon laving the resolution oil the table.
Mr. BUI LEll, of Massachusetts. 1 object
todeba'e: mytmnbas come now. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, you will have your
turn. sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise no
a parliamentary question. If the motion to lie
upon the table is pending, why has the Speaker
allowed itto be deba'ed all this time?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There lias
been no d* bate on the motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman did not move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, ne did not
make it m that form until he concluded his
speech.
Mr. BINGHAM. Now I ask that the
resolution may be read to the House.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask the gentleman if the
resolution is all the report of the committee ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The resolution is all we
report to the House.
Mr. TAFFE. I am willing to have that
adopted j but not the stump speech in the
report.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I did not understand what the Chair
said would be the first question in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, that the commit-
tee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the resolution, and that it be laid upon
the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
that will be voted down.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I hope it will be
voted up. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I know
you do.
Mr. BINGHAM. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then
why do you debute. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. Is it in order now to
move to recommit the resolution?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not
until the question shall have been taken on the
motion to lay oil ilie'table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will it be in order after
that ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will.
Mr. TAFFE. 1 want to know whether this
motion includes the preamble and the whole
report ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understands that it includes nothing but the
resolution.
Mr. TAFFE. I am willing that the resolu-
tion shall be disposed of iu any way; but that
stump speech I object to.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is nostumpspeech
there.
The question was taken upon the motion to
lay on the table; and there was—ayes 33,
noes 70.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the report be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BINGHAM rose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 desire
to speak upon that motion. I have the floor,
now, I believe. [Laughter.] Mr. Speaker,
I will not detain the House more than a
moment or two at this late hour, and that
simply to say that as for me I do not care
anything about the controversy between the
lailroads. I call my associates upon the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to witness that what
I desired was that a resolution be reported to
the House directing the Attorney General to
appear before the Department of the Interior
and in this division of the spoils to represent
the United States. That I was not permitted
to do. I appeared for the United States in
my humble way, and nobody else. I now
desire that, the report shall be recommitted,
and I shall come ill with a minority report if
I cannot, get the majority to agree to my views.
I move the previous question.
Tiio previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the report was recommitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
recommitted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. SPEER, of
Georgia, the House (at nine o'clock and fifty-
five miuutes p. m.) adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BIED: The petition of citizens
of Washington, New Jersey, remonstrating
against so amending the Constitution of the
United States as to allow a foreign-born citi-
zen to become President of the United States.
By Mr. COBURN: The petition of soldiers
and sailors of Utica, New York, asking the
passage of a bill to provide industrial homes,
&c., for the orphans of soldiers and sailors
who served in the Union Army and Navy.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Joseph H.
Demott, of Eastport, Maine, for arrears of
pension.
By Mr. KETCHAM : The petition of 20 in-
ternal revenue gaugers of the cities of New
York and Brooklyn, asking that their compen-
sation may be fixed at ten dollars per day while
actually employed.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Lydia
Robinson, praying relief in consideration of
the services of Captain John Douglas, who
raised a company of men for the eleventh
Pennsylvania regiment in the war of the Revo-
lution.
Also, the petition of Ann M. Tatem, pray-
ing relief in consideration of services and suf-
ferings of li.er father, James B. Ware, who was
taken a prisoner with Commodore Baiubiidge
in the war with 'Tripoli.
By Mr. SEELEi : The petition of officers,
soldiers, etc., to make claims for homestead
lands assignable.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York: Tlia
petition of Mary Jane Colton, widow of Martin
S. Colton, for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 15, 1872.
The Senate met, at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. Ii. D. Owen-, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
naval appropriation dim.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as tha
committee of conference on the part of ihe
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (II. It. No 1101) making
appropriations for the naval seivico lor tin)
year ending June 3D, 1873, and for oilier
purposes, Mr. Colic, Mr. Ciiagix, and Mr.
Stockton.
enrolled bills signed.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills, which had yesterday
received the signature of the Speaker of the
House of Representatives:
A bill (II. R. No. 2048) for t.ho relief of
Robert A. Mayo, of Richmond, Virginia;
A bill (U. R. No. 207) for the leliefof
Robert L. D. Burchlield; and
A bill (S. No. 845) to authorize the con-
struction of certain bridges across the Missis-
sippi river, and to establish the same as post
roads.
DEFICIENCY APPttOTIttATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I wish to call up, subject to
morning business, the conference committee
report on the deficiency apptopriuiion bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, it is so ordered. The Chair hears
no objection.
tlOUSB BILLS ItEFEItUED.
The following bills yesterday received from
the House of Representatives wete read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions:
A bill (II. R. No. 2705) granting a pension
to Julia Oosgrove ;
A bill (II. R. No. 27C0) granting a pension
to Mary Whaleri;
A bill (II. R. No. 2707) granting a pension
to Ardella D. Warfield and Lindsley N. War-
field ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2708) granting a pension
to Mary A. Dodd; and
