1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1677
compelled to appear here at all times at every
moment and struggle against every bill, whether
I am in favor of it or against it, in order to
have some day fixed when a public measure
of this overriding importance may be consid-
ered and determined without being overridden
by unfinished business.
Why, sir, by the unanimous vote of the Sen-
ate three weeks ago, the tariff bill was fixed
for last Monday, and by the express agree-
ment of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations that he would have his appro-
priation bills out of the way, I allowed him to
fix his own time, his own hour, in order to
avoid this wrangling about the order of busi-
ness. No one dislikes it more than I. So
with the Chicago relief bill; I hope to see a
day assigned to it when it will betaken up and
disposed of, and I expect to vote for it, but
we ought not to have this struggle about it in
the Senate. When the tariff bill is up I will
await the suggestion of any Senator as to the
time when it shall be considered, so as to have
priority over everything else. As to the par-
ticular time when it shall be taken up, 1 am
willing to await the pleasure of the Senate ;
but it does seem to me that now when I have
the floor, when the tariff bill is the next "order,
because there is no order ahead of it except
the customs bill, which also comes from the
Committee on Finance, and which I under-
stand my friend froin New York [Mr. Fex-
tojt] is willing to yield in order to take up
the tariff bill, 1 have a right to insist that the
Senate fix a time for its consideration; and
then if they choose to go on this afternoon with
the Chicago relief bill I have no objections, or
if they desire to go on with the tariff bill to-
day, 1 am equally willing.
Mr. EDMONDS. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Ohio that ifwe take up the tariff
bill and he is not ready to go on with it now,
he cannot fix a time any surer than by mak-
ing it a special order, and that will of course
be subject to the termination whatever happens
to be on hand when the special order is reached.
But that would not delay it much.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it that on a bill
of this kind, if we come to an understanding
as to when it shall be taken up, no matter what
may then be pending in the Senate, we shall
proceed to its consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot comc to that
understanding, because it is injurious to the
public interests.
Mr. MORTON. There are reasons, I think,
why the Chicago relief bill should be disposed
of one way or the other. I can understand
the propriety of that. I am in favor of taking
up the tariff bill, for I think that is the most
important bill to be disposed of now before
the Senate; but after it is taken up I will be
in favor of passing it over informally until the
Chicago bill is disposed of, and then go oil
with the consideration of the tariff bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not take up the
Chicago bill now ?
Mr. LOGAN. Can that agreement be made?
Mr. MORTON. I will make it for one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not take up the
Chicago bill and dispose of it this afternoon,
and then I can tell the Senator from Ohio
that for one I will vote with pleasure to take
up the tariff bill, put it on its feet, and go on
with it?
Mr. SHERMAN. Let that be the under-
standing.
Mr. MORTON. Can there be such a gen-
eral understanding?
Mr. LOGAN. I will agree to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let that be understood.
Let the Chair put the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
pexter.) The Senator from Ohio appeals to
the Senate for a common understanding that
after the disposition by the Senate of the Chi-
cago relief bill the tariff bill shall be taken up.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish an understand-
ing likewise that the business of the Commit-
tee on Commerce shall be considered on next
Monday. If, by unanimous consent, Monday
be assigned for the consideration of bills from
the Committee on Commerce, I will not object.
I ask unanimous consent that Monday be
assigned to the consideration of bills from the
Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan proposes to ingraft on this
proposition unanimous consent in regard to
the series of bills indicated by him.
Mr. FENTON. I object to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I submit a motion
to that effect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In order to bring this
thing to some issue, I give notice that I object
to all unanimous understandings. Now let us
see if we can get a vote on anything without
this talk on the question as to what we will act
upon.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate bill
No. 2 being before the Senate as the special
order, the Senator from Ohio moves to post-
pone the consideration of that bill and proceed
to consider the bill indicated by him, called
the tariff bill, pending which the Senator from
Illinois calls for a division of the question.
The question, therefore, before the Senate is
first will the Senate postpone the further con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 2.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President, I
move that we proceed to the consideration of
, the Chicago relief bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion is pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will not the Senator
withdraw that ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not withdraw it
unless it is understood that after the Chicago
bill is disposed of the tariff bill shall be taken
up. The Senator from California three weeks
ago, by express agreement, fixed his own time
for it, last Monday; and yet I am now told
that I am to be antagonized against every
appropriation bill from A to Z, and also all
the bills from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we will not take
up the tariff bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It does seem
to me that the Senator from Ohio is fair about
this matter. He does not ask us to go on with
his bill now, but simply asks that it may bo
taken up and an understanding come to as to
when we may proceed with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot get the
understanding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio, to proceed to the consideration of
the bill indicated by him.
The question beingput, a division was called
for, and the ayes were 19, and the noes 20.
Mr. SHERMAN called fortheyeas and nays.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish to say just
one word. If we cannot proceed under the
rules of the Senate to dispose of one bill al a
time, it is high time we had some other rules.
I think everybody agrees that it is just to dis-
pose of the Chicago bill one way or the other,
and then that it is just to dispose of this im-
portant tariff measure. Now, to take up the
tariff bill, and then undertake to have an under-
standing that we will immediately overslaugh
it and lay it aside, is almost boy's play. I shall
object to any such proposition ; but when the
Chicago bill is disposed of, as it can be this
afternoon, then I shall vote with great pleas-
ure with the Senator from Ohio to take up the
tariff bill as the next thing of public import-
ance to be disposed of.
Mr. MORTON. If the friends of the Chi-
cago bill will agree that the tariff bill shall
come up next, there will be no trouble about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is not any need
of the friends of the Chicago bill agreeing to
it, for the sense of a large majority would be
that it is important to proceed to the consider-
ation of that great measure. The Senator
from Ohio need not be the least afraid in my
judgment. I amsare he will get three fourths
of the Senate to pi-oceed with the tariff bill
next after we have disposed of that little thing
in some way, because if you are going to do'
this act of generosity, you must do it now if
you want it to amount to anything, and if not,
you ought to say so. You do not need any
understanding.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I am met at once
by the declaration of Senators that they will
resist me. My friend on my right [Mr. Cole]
fixed the day himself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the Senator may be
sure that the good sense of the Senate will
sustain him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What possible advan-
tage can be gained to the Senator from Ohio
by taking up his bill and then agreeing to lay
it aside? It is a special order now. You
cannot make it anything more than a special
order, and this is just a waste of so much
time. If there is a disposition in the Senate
to dispose one way or the other of the Chicago
relief bill, let us take it up and dispose of it
without wrangling all the afternoon and wast-
ing the day on the question whether we will
do it or not.
Mr. COLE. I have been reminded, as well
as the Senate and the country, several times
already that I set last Monday as the day
upon which the tariff bill should be entered
on. Some conversation took place between
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
and myself in regard to that, and that day
was designated as one far enough in advance
in all reason to allow sufficient time for the
disposition of the then pending appropriation
bill, and indeed for the consideration of sev-
eral other appropriation bills, and I supposed
at that time that those bills would be disposed
of by last Monday. I have to state now, in
reply to my friend from Ohio, that the appro-
priation bill just passed would have been
disposed of several days sooner but for the
amendment which he himself proposed rais-
ing salaries.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was only the day
before yesterday.
Mr. COLE. I think it was longer ago than
that, and that bill would have been disposed
of several days sooner, in my judgment, but
for the Senator's amendment. I only rose to
say now that though I join in the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up a bill, yet I
reserve the right, whenever discussion is car-
ried to a great length, to move to displace any
pending business for the purpose of proceed-
ing with an appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois seems to think I am not ready to go on
with the tariff bill. I say to him that I am
ready to go on with it to-night. I think we
can make progress with the tariff bill, and I
think it would be better for the Chicago relief
bill, rather than to antagonize it against all
measures, to have a day fixed for it. I am
willing now to have a day fixed for the.Chi-
cago relief bill—any day that may be named
by the Senators from Illinois, and I will stand
by them. It seems to me that they are pre-
cipitating the consideration of the Chicago
relief bill this evening, when it cannot be
passed. Senators have told me it cannot be
passed to-day, that they desire time to look
into it. I am friendly to it and will vote for
it; but I do not think it ought to be forced
upon us at this time, and especially against a
bill of greater importance.
While 1 am willing, under the peculiar cir-
cumstances in which Chicago is situated, to
give relief to the full extent demanded by that
bill, here is a bill that will give relief to the
people of the United States from $22,000,000
of taxes. This is a bill of relief to the whole
country, not merely to Chicago. But 1 am
willing, after we have proceeded awhile with
the consideration of this bill, to vote for any
day that may be desired to considerthe Chicago
relief bill. It ought to be passed; a day ought
