1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
from the Committee of the Whole than that
of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Conner,]
the others will be considered as concurred in.
No separate vote was asked, and the other
amendments were concurred in.
The question recurred on agreeing to Mr.
Conker's amendment; and being put, there
were—ayes 32, noes 88.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I rise to
make a parliamentary inquiry. Is it compe-
tent for this House to pass a bill without its
having been read V That is the condition of
tins biil now.
Mr. TAFFE. I would like to make a state-
ment before this bill is voted on. I agreed
with the gentleman who has charge of the bill
not over fifteen minutes ago, as I wished to
leave the House on important business, that
he would not proceed beyond a certain page. I
do not reflect upon the gentleman, because he
says it took a '■ shute " he could not control.
What that was I do not know, and have no
means of knowing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state
that he is not presumed to know (and in the
particular instance under consideration he
does not know, having been absent) what is
done in Committee of the Whole. Where a
bill is reported from the Committee of the
Whole, the Chair is bound to take the bill as it
stands. The Journal never shows any record
of what is done in Committee of the Whole,
and there is no mode of correcting what is
done there except in the committee itself.
Mr. TAFFE. Mr. Speaker, I understand
that well enough, and I have no desire to
reflect upon any one about this matter, hut I
'desired an opportunity of offering an amend-
ment, and the gentleman from California cer-
tainly agreed that I should have that oppor-
tunity. He will not deny that.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Ne-
braska was here while amendments were being
offered at the close of the bill,-and if he had
desired could have offered an amendment at
the end of the bill as other gentlemen did, but
he did not avail himself of that opportunity.
A gentleman on the other side of the House,
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,]
proposed that by unanimous consent the read-
ing of two thirds of the bill be dispensed with.
To that there was general assent in the com-
mittee, and I assented among others. That
was the condition of the matter. I saw the
gentleman from Nebraska here, and he had a
light to submit his amendment. The gentle-
man from Texas [Mr. Conner] offered his
amendment, and the gentleman from Montana
[Mr. Clagett] offered ORe, and I myself
offered two amendments. The gentleman was
here then, and had the right to exercise the
privilege of offering an amendment if be saw
lit. The amendment proposed by the.gentle-
man from Texas resembled in many respects
the amendment which the gentleman from
Nebraska informed me he desired to offer,
only the gentleman's amendment related to
the Sioux Indians, and proposed that their
annuities should be responsible for depreda-
tions committed by them. Am I correct in
this? That was my understanding of it. and
an amendment of the same kind was offered
by the gentleman from Texas.
Mr. TAFFE. That is a very small portion
of the amendment. I would still like to make
my statement of the matter. The gentleman
from California agreed that he would not let
the reading of the bill go beyond a ecrtain point
without himself moving that the committee
rise.
Mr. SARGENT.. And I say that the bill
never was read within twenty pages of that
point. [Laughter.]
Mr. TAFFE. That makes no difference.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
that my colleague on the Committee on Appro-
priations, from California, when 1 suggested to
liim a method of expediting the consideration
of the bill, said that he had made this promise
to the gentleman from Nebraska, and that con-
sequently he should be compelled to move that
the committee rise when that point in the bill
was reached. I know he intended to carry out
his promise in good faith, but another gentle-
man made the suggestion that the reading of
the bill should be dispensed with, and the com-
mittee acceded to it, and therefore my friend
from California is acquitted of bad faith. The
res had dropped out—the subject-matter in
reference to which the agreement was made—
and now it does not exist any longer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very sure it
does not exist in the House.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman from
Nebraska has his amendment prepared, I have
no objection whatever to its being considered
as now pending. Let him present it now as
the gentleman from Texas has done his.
Mr. COX. I would like to have it read. I
do not quite like this way of disposing of im-
portant appropriation bills without their being
read and full opportunity afforded for the offer-
ing of amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Nebraska to offer his
amendment, and it can be considered as pend-
ing-
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let it be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. COX. I hope so; it is only fair to the
gentleman from Nebraska.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ought perhaps to say in
justice to the gentleman from California that
I myself made the motion to dispense with the
further reading of the biil and report it to the
House, and I did so without consultation with
him. I was wholly unconscious that it would
involve him in embarrassment on account of
any agreement he had made with the gentleman
from Nebraska, or any other gentleman. I
made the suggestion, and it seemed to meet
with so much favor in the committee that I
submitied the motion which prevailed. If
there was anything wrong in it, I am respons-
ible.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, " we are
all honorable men" here, and it is all right.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I believe unanimous
consent is necessary to this understanding.
The gentleman from Missouri who is near me
[Mr. McCormick] heard me object and came
to me and asked me to insist upon my objec-
tion. As I did not desire to be disagreeable,
and as so many gentlemen seemed to bo in
favor of the arrangement, 1 did not insist upon
it. But I for one do not approve of this mode
of legislation, especially in reference to Indian
appropriation bills. I would like to have this
bill considered carefully all through.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman had
insisted upon his objection in Committee of
the Whole this question would not have arisen
now in the House. The Chair will again state,
so that this may not become a precedent, that
the House cannot take cognizance of any mis-
understanding between members of a com-
mittee, except as the committee itself may,
by its report, bring it to the attention of
the House. The Clerk will now read the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Nebraska, [Mr. Taffe.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Provide!, That none of the payments provided for
shall bo made to tribes which are at war with the
United States; but if portions of such tribes shall
remain jit peace and observe their treaty obliga-
tions, payments may bo made to such parties pro
rata, in the discretion of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior : And provided further, That all moneys or arti-
clcs appropriated by this act shall be liable to the
payment for depredations committed by any 01 tli8
tribes named or contemplated.
Mr. TAFFE. I would like to make a brief
statement. I said day before yesterday that as
the law now stood no money appropriated by
the Government, no article contributed by the
Government to these Indians, was liable for
any depredation committed by them. In other
words, all the depredations that they have here-
tofore committed, and all that they may here-
after commit, under the law and under the
amendmentframed, I believe, by the gentlemen
who now has charge of'thia bill, [Mr. Sar-
gent,] were to be exempt from all claims what-
soever of citizens of the United States. And
in addition to that we make an appropriation
to prosecute any citizen of any State or of the
West who even pursues upon a reservation an
Indian with a horse he has stolen. I hope I
may not be. misunderstood. That wa3 voted
down once ia this House two years ago. But
as the law certainly is now, though it is denied
by the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, [Mr. Shanks,] we are to have no re-
dress whatever ; you can make no reprisal under
penalty of the law; and there is an appro-
priation to punish you for pursuing upon a
reservation an Indian with stolen property.
That is the law of Congress to-day. I offer
this amendment so that there shall not here-
after be a premium upon robbery and scalps
on our western frontier.
Mr. SHANKS. The gentleman says I
denied that that is the law.
Mr. TAFFE. You said it was not the law.
Mr. SHANKS. In that the gentleman is
mistaken. He asked what the remedy was,
and I said that by the law of 1802, reenacted
in 1834, the remedy was to apply to the Indian
agents, and if the tribe refused redress then
an application must be made to the President
for payment for the injury done. He said that
in 1859 the responsibility in that regard was
taken off. I do not negative that fact. I do
not recollect it.
Mr. TAFFE. 1 now ask the gentleman if
I have not stated the law correctly, that there
is no remedy.
Mr. SHANKS. This is what I want to say
now.
Mr. KERR. I rise to make a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire whether
the two provisos of the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe]
cannot be voted on separately?
Mr. SHANKS. The last proviso would
reenact the law which has been repealed.
The SPEAKER. The amendmeut is open
to amendment, and the gentleman can move
to amend it by striking out the second proviso.
Mr. KERR. I make that motion.
Mr. SARGENT. I concur with the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Keer] in the propri-
ety of striking out the second proviso of this
amendment. Congress, as I stated a moment
ago, carefully considered that matter, and
upon the report of the committee adopted the
present system. It is better to prevent dep-
redations by supplying the wants of the Iudi-
ans, than to appropriate money to make pay-
ment for their depredations, to compensate
those who have been depredated upon. The
first proviso is even worse than that, so far
as the present policy is concerned. There
are appropriations in this bill nominally for
the benefit of the A'-aches of New Mexico,
but they may be considered as really for the
benefit of the white citizens of that Territory.
We have appropriated in the bill $250.00U,
to induce these tribes to go upon leservations
and remain at peace. They are^now at war
against the Government of the United States.
I think I am speaking within bounds when I
say that at the present time there is, on ths
average, one murder of a white man commit-
ted in that Territory every day by Indians.
We want to stop this condition of things. How
shall we do it? Wo tried the thing with the
Sioux, who were depredating upon the whites,
committing murders and other outrages, and
enacting deeds of fiendish cruelty. ^ We appro-
priated nearly two million dollars in order to
pacify—to bribe, if you please—those twenty
