1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2578
consequence of the provision of the constitu-
tion, those public lands have been so far pro-
tected. But, sir, they did what they could to
break down that constitutional barrier. I
send to the desk and ask the Clerk to read
from the Special Laws of the State of Texas
for 1871, the fifth section of an act to encour-
age the construction of railways iu the State
of Texas.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Sec. 5. Whenever tho Legislature of tho State
shall have power under the constitution of the State
to grant the public lands of the State in aid of inter-
nal improvements, it shall be competent for the
Legislature (if it shall think proper to do so) to sub-
stitute tor the bonds hereinbefore granted, a grant
of the public lands to each of the said railroad com-
panies, to the amount of twenty-four sections to
each ol said companies for each mile of road built
by the said companies respectively, alter the passage
of this net, to the said point of junction."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. That indi-
cates very clearly what the Republicans of
Texas mean to do; I speak now of those in
authority, not of the people. They mean if
thev can to get through an amendment of the
constitution, which they are trying to do next
fall, allowing them, in lieu of $10,1)00 per mile
of State bonds which they have granted to
these companies to give them twenty-four sec-
tions of land to the mile in addition to the
sixteen sections already granted, making forty
sections to the mile of road.
But, sir, that is not all. These companies
that are chartered in Texas, according to the
amendment of the committee that is now pend-
ing, are to be purchased up by this company
and be operated under these laws, not the
laws we are now passing here, but under the
laws of the State or Territory or the Govern-
ment of the United States that may hereafter
be passed.
But, sir. in addition to the public lands of
Texas, which it is the object of all these com-
panies to get at, there are other lands there.
The fathers of Texas, in the early organization
of that government, while it was a republic,
reserved and set aside for the public schools,
(because, although they were slaveholders,
they were in favor of public schools,) fifty
leagues of land to support a State university,
and they set aside four leagues of land for
each county in the State for the support of
common schools. These lands have been
located—-and they are very fine lands almost
all of them—more than twenty years, some of
them thirty years ago, and they now constitute
a body of lands that cannot be equaled in the
world—seven hundred leagues of land that are
untouched and uncultivated to-day. A propo-
sition was brought before the Texas Legisla-
ture lasr year to bring those lands into market
For what, sir? For the benefit, it was said,
of the public schools; but everybody knew
that the railroad men were at the back of that
measure. It was brought into the Legislature
in the interest of the railroad companies.
They want those lands sold, and who would
be the purchasers, do you suppose? The rail-
road companies would purchase every acre of
them with the bonds you authorize them to
issue upon the lands of the United States.
That is what they will do.
Now, sir, I desire to make an appeal iu
behalf of the uneducated children of Texas,
who are about to be robbed, I undertake to
say, of the inheritance that has been stored
up for them by the sweat and toil ot their
fathers. Until recently that inheritance was
thought to be secure. I believe now that
every solitary acre of it will go. I do not
believe it is in the power of the Legislature
of Texas to resist this company. They will
go in there with the money raised upon the
bonds that you authorize them to sell, and
they will buy up the Legislature and take the
public lands; and the authorities in Texas will
help them to. do it. I undertake to say they
will help them to do it unless they are changed
there. The same class of men who have been
in public life there for the last eighteen months
will rob the State of the last cent it has on
earth, children and all.
I move now, as the Senator from "Vermont
did awhile ago, to recommit this bill to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad. It ought
to go to the committee again and be considered
more thoroughlv.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Texas to recommit the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Without intending to dis-
cuss the merits of the bill, and sympathizing
with very much of the objects stated by the
Senator from Texas, I hope the Senate will
not vote to recommit, it to the committee;
and I say that more in reference to other busi-
ness before the Senate than I do in reference
to this measure. We cannot forget, at least
we cannot properly forget, the stage of this
session, nor the arrearages of business, nor
the propriety and wisdom of an early adjourn-
ment.
This day was set apart to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and in deference to the
devotion of the day to that committee the un-
finished business, the measure of the Senator
fiom Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner, ] was over-
slaughed, the reason of tho,t doubtless being,
although [ was not one of those who so voted,
that we were constrained in a sense to keep
this day intact for the benefit of the Pacilic
Railroad Committee. The measure before us
has been discussed largely. It is understood
very thoroughly by tho members of the com-
mittee at least, and other Senators have shown
that they understanditalso. The recommittal
of the bill looks to its being brought forward
again, when much of this discussion and its
effects have passed away, to travel over this
ground a second time, with a view to a final
vote for or against this ineasuie.
Now, 1 submit, the economy of time, the
orderly disposition of business, and all the con-
siderations which are wise and provident per-
taining to this matter, suggest that we go
forward, perfect the measure, adopt it if it
ought to be adopted, or vote it down if itought
to be voted down. When the committee have
(raveled over these suggestions again and
come here they will be no wiser, I apprehend,
than tbev ate now; at any rate we have heard
no intimation from the committee that t.hey
need further time and consideration, and we
shall be. in no better condition than we are
now for final action upon the bill.
Therefore, without intending now to com-
bat anything the Senator from Texas has said;
without expressing any opinion upon the
amendment of the Senater from Vermont—
although I have an opinion about it—I have
ventured for a moment to ask the attention of
the Senate to this motion to recommit in the
interest of other measures, and in the interest
of the duty incumbent upon the Senate to
dispose of the business of the session, to the
end that sometime or other we may bring it
to f.n end.
Mr. STEWART. It is quite evident that
this Texas Pacific Railroad Company must
have further legislation in order to build the
road. There aie such restrictions upon it
now that they cannot go on, and I ain well
satisfied that further legislation is nccessary.
This legislation is perfected so far as the com-
mittee are able to perfect it. It seems to me
it is important that such legislation should be
had to enable this enterprise to be carried on.
I suppose the whole Senate understands the
importance of the question. It is generally
admitted. Recommitting the bill is equiva-
lent to killing it for this session and putting
back the work for another year. I presume
the Senate will understand the effect of their
votes on this motion as well as I do. I think
the bill can be perfected and passed this
evening.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask tne
chairman of the Railroad Committee whether
in truth the committee has considered all this
subject, or, putting it otherwise, whether the
committee want any further time or opportun-
ity in order to perfect its own views and give
any opinion which may come to the committee
in regard to it?
Mr. STEWART. I will state that the com-
mittee reported the bill with these printed
amendments seveial weeks ago. Since that
time they have had the matter under consid-
eration at three or four meetings, discussing
amendments that were proposed and various
propositions that were suggested. The com-
mittee understand the bill now as well as they
ever will; they have given to it. all the time
that is necessary ; and 1 believe if the amend-
ments are adopted the bill will be in a shape
in which it ought, to pass.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The difficulty
that I have is tliat in the present, condition of
the bill and of the committee it is impossible
to understand either the bill or the discussion.
An amendment is suggested by some Senator
not of the committee, and we are immediately
informed by the Senator who has the bill in
charge that some member of" the committee
has another amendment to propose to obviate
the necessity for the amendment thus suggest-
ed. We are informed that the Senator from
Pennsylvania has in his hands a number of
such amendments which he has been author-
ized to propose by the committee, and which
have received the sanction of the committee.
Those amendments are not printed ; we do not
know what they are; and it, would certainly be
a matter of great, convenience, in order to
understand the hill itself and the discussion
upon (lie various amendments which different
Senators may choose to propose, to have the
bill recommitted, if for no other purpose, to
have it printed with the amendments that the
committee sanction.
Mr. CONKLING. But if I may make a sug-
gestion to my honorable friend, is not the
ordinary way. the convenient way in such a
ease, to go through with the amendments of
the committee? Let ns hear what t.hey are.
Some of them, doubtless, are formal, some
of them of more importance. If we come to
some amendment, ot the committee so compli-
cated that we cannot understand it, upon hear-
ing it, and any Senator wants to see it in print
and to study it, that, I admit, would present the
case which the Senator from Connecticut states.
But here we are, without having allowed the
committee to go through with its amendments
at all, without having allowed there to be
offered, and without knowing what tliey are,
assuming that it is necessary to recommit the
bill upon the hypothesis that the amendments
are of such number and of such a nature that
wo shall not be able to comprehend them and
have them fully explained when they are read
from the desk. I submit, fo my honorable
friend from Connecticut that his suggestion is
one not usually adopted in this body, and that
my suggestion is the one which prevails with
regard to the most important bills we have.
Here we have been considering appropria-
tion bills. The Committee on Appropriations
has a hirge number of* ameudiuems, and the
Chair has suggested that all other Senators
weic requested to withhold amendments uuiil
the committee goes through and offers its own
amendments. We do not recommit those
bills in order to have the amendments printed.
Some of them are printed and some are not.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Will the Sen-
ator state what, his answer is to the sugges-
tion I made, that there are a large number of
amendments sanctioned by the committee to
this bill that are not printed? The ordinary
way of going through with the committee's
printed amendments, certainly 1 have no ob-
jection to; but the moment, we are asked to
consider one printed amendment of the com-
mittee, an objection, for instance, i-i suggested
to it, and we are told then that, the Senator
from Pennsylvania has some amendments in
his hands that are not printed which will cast
