•730
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
peper, deputy collector and inspector of cus-
toms ai Cedar Keys, district of Saint Marks,
Florida, oil the seventeenth day of December,
eighteen hundred and seventy, for the sum of
twenty-seven thousand four hundred dollars,
with costs, twenty-six dollars, and interest at
the rate of six per centum per annum from
date of judgment until paid, a sufficient sum
is hereby appropriated.
Thatthe Secretary of the Treasury be author-
ized and directed, in the adjustment of the
accounts of William E. Parker, United States
marshal for the eastern district of Texas, to
allow eight hundred and twenty tive dollars
and seventy-five cents, money paid by said
Parker for the travelling expenses of Thomas
H. Duval, judge of the western district of
Texas, for holding two terms of the United
States circuit and district court at Galveston,
and one at Brownsville, in Texas, under the
direction of Mr. Justice Swayne.
Sec. 2. That the proper accounting officers
be, and hereby are, authorized and required,
in the settlement of all account.': for the ser-
vices of laborers, workmen, and mechanics,
employed by or on behalf of the Government
of the United States, between the twenty-fifth
day ot June, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
the date of the act constituting eight hours a
day's work for all such laborers, workmen,
and mechanics, and the nineteenth day of
May, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, ihe
date of the proclamation of the President
concerning such pay, to settle and pay for the
same, without reduction on account of reduc-
tion of hours of labor by said act, when it
shall be made to appear that such was the
sole cause of the reduction of wages, and a
sufficient sum for said purpose is hereby appro-
priated out of any money ill the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 3. That all persons born in the dis-
trict of country formerly known as the Terri-
tory of Otegon, and subject to the jurisdiction
of the United States at this time, are citizens
of the United States in the same manner as
if born elsewhere in the United States.
Sec. 4. That the appropriation for building
a pier at Lewes, Delaware, contained in sec-
tions twelve and thirteen of the act approved
July fifteen, eighteen hundred and seventy,
entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, andfor other purposes," be,
and the same is hereby, continued until June
thiity, eighteen hundred and seventy-three.
Sec. C. That the Secretary of the Tieasury
be, and he is heteby, authorized and directed
to pay to the lawiul owners, or their legal
representatives, of all cotton seized after the
thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, by the agents of the Government
unlawfully and in violation of their instructions,
the net proceeds, without inteie.st, of the sales
of saiil cotton actually paid into the Treasury
of the United States: Provided, That the
receipt thereof shall be taken and received in
full satislaction of all claims against the Uni-
ted States for or on account of the seizure of
said cotton ; and a sufficient sum for such
payment, is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated: And provided further, That the fore-
going provisions shall not apply to any claim
now pending before the Court, of Claims, nor
to any claim not filed in the Treasury Depart-
ment within six months alter the passage of
this act; and the sum of twenty thousand dol-
lars is hereby appropriated for the payment
of the necessary expenses of defending the
United States in respect to claims for said
proceeds, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Approved, May 18, 1872.
Ciiap. CLXX1II.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to establish and to pro-
tect National Cemeteries," approved Feb-
ruary twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
sixty seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thatthe Secretary ofVVar
is hereby authorized to select the superintend
ents of the national cemeteries from merit-
orious and trustworthy soldiers, either commis-
sioned officers or enlisted men of the volunteer
or regular Army, who have been honorably
mustered out or discharged from the service
of the United States, and who may have been
disabled for active field service in the line of
duty.
Sec. 2. That the superintendents of the
national cemeteries shall receive for their
compensation from sixty dollars to seventy-
five dollars per month, according to the extent
and importance of the cemeteries to which
they may be respectively assigned, to be
determined by the Secretary of War; and
they shall also be furnished with quartets and
fuel, as now provided at the several ceme-
teries.
Sec. 3. That all acts and parts of acts in-
consistent with the provisions of this ajt are
hereby repealed.
Approved, May 18, 1872.
Chap. CLXXIV.—An Act authorizing the
Secretary of War to pay certain Certificates
issued for Fortification purposes in Law-
rence, Kansas.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Ilouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War-
is hereby authorized and directed to cause to
bo paid certain certificates or vouchers is-
sued pursuant to military authority, at Law-
rence, Kansas, in the year eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, for services performed iti the
erection of fortifications at that point, as
recommended by General Jatnes H. Hardie,
Inspector General of the United States Army,
of bis investigation into the claims of citizens
of Kansas, reported to the War Department,
and that the amount thereof be paid out of
any funds under the control ot the War
Department. Said certificates shall be paid
upon presentation to the Secretary of War, or
such disbursing officer as he shall appoint for
that purpose; and such payments shall not
exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
thousand dollars.
Approved, May 18, 1872.
Chap. CLXXV,—An Act to allow the Pleas-
ure Yacht "Rtd Hot," to take the Name
of "Addie Parker," and be registered under
that Name.
Be it enacted by the Senate mid House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the pleasure yacht
registered atNe^ Bedford, named "Red Hot,"
may, instead thereof, take the name of "Addie
Parker," and be registered under that name.
Approved, May 18, 1872.
Chap. CLXXVI.—An Act to fix the Times
for holding United States Courts in the
Eighth Circuit.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Ilouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Ameiica in
Congress assembled, That the circuit court of
the United States for the several districts com-
prising the eighth judicial circuit shall here-
after be held as follows:
Missouri:
In the districts of Missouri, commencing on
the third Monday of March and the third
Monday of September in each year.
Arkansas:
In the eastern district of Arkansas, com-
mencing on the second Monday of April and
the fourth Monday of October in each year.
Nebraska:
In the district of Nebraska, commencing
on the first Monday in May and the second
Monday in November in each year.
Iowa:
In the district of Iowa, commencing on the
second Monday of May and the second Mon-
day of October in each year.
Kansas:
In the district of Kansas, commencing on the
first Mowday of June and the fourth Monday
of November in each year.
Minnesota:
In the disti ict of Minnesota, commencing on
the third Monday in June and the second Mon-
day of December in each year.
Sec 2. That this act shall take effect on the
first dayof July, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two ; and all acts prescribing other times for
holding the terms of said courts are, so far as
they conflict with this act, hereby repealed.
Sec. 3. That no action, suit, proceeding, or
process in any of the said courts shall abate or
be rendered invalid by reason of this act, but
the same shall, in the several districts,-be
deemed to be returnable to, pending and tri-
able in, the terms and circuit courts hereby
established, next after the return day thereof.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Ciiap. CLXXVI1.—An Act regulating the
Mode of making private Contracts with
Indians.
Beit enacted by ihe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That hereafter no con-
tract or agreement of any kind shall be made
by any peison with any tribe of Indians, or
individual Indian or Indians, not a citizen of
the United States, for the payment or delivery
of any money or other thing of value, in pres-
ent or in prospective, or for the granting or
procuring any privilege to him or her, or any
other person or persons in consideration of
services for said Indians relative to their lands,
or to any claims growing out of, or in refer-
ence-to, annuities, instalments, or other
moneys, claims, demands, or thing, under
laws or treaties with the United Spates, or
official acts of any officers thereof, or in any
way connected with or due from the United
States, unless such contract or agreement be
in writing, and executed and approved in the
manner hereinafter directed.
Sec. 2. That all contracts or agreements
between such parties and for such purposes
as named m the first section of this act shall
be in writing, a duplicate or copy of which
shall be delivered to each party thereto, as
hereinafter provided. All such contracts shall
be executed before a judge of a coutt of record
and approved in writing thereon by the Sec-
retary of the Interior and Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. Such contract or agreement
shall contain the names of all parlies in inter-
est, their residence and occupation; but those
made with a tribe by their tribal authorities,
the scope of authority and the reason for exer-
cising that authority shall be given specifically.
Such contracts or agieements shall state the
time when and place where made, the partic-
ular purpose for which made, ihe special thing
or filings to be done under it, and, if for the
collection of money, the basis of the claim,
the source from which it is to be collected,
the disposition to be made of it when collected,
the amount or rate per centum of the fee in
