1678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
to be set apart to consider it; time ought to
be given for its consideration. I am willing
to hear it and vote for it when the time comes;
but I do not think it ought to be antagonized
with a public measure ot'this kind.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator from Ohio says
that we are antagonizing the Chicago relief bill
with every measure. I think the Senator is
mistaken, because we have desisted from an-
tagonizing it with any bill since it was reported
by the committee, and have sat quietly during
all the pendency of the legislative appropria-
tion bill and never asked to take it up, with
the understanding, as we thought—at least
notice to that effect was given, and we thought
we had an understanding—that so soon as the
appropriation bill was over, then the Chicago
relief would come up. Really I have felt all
the time that that would be the case. I am
ready to vote for taking up the Senator's bill,
and as soon as this bill is disposed of I shall
do everything to aid the Senator from Ohio in
taking up his bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senators from Illi-
nois and the Senators from Michigan, who
represent the opposing interests affected by
the Chicago relief bill, can fix a day for the
consideration of that bill, I do not think there
will be any trouble about carrying out that
agreement. I have no doubt they can do it.
ITie question ought to be disposed of, and if
they can agree on any day next week, and
name it now, I think the Senate will concur.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I would reply to
the Senator from Ohio that I have suggested
to the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that
he fix a day next week, say Monday. I think
my colleague and myself will vote to fix any
day—Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday.
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose we fix this evening.
So far as I am concerned, if the Senate will
agree to take up the bill now, I am willing it
shall lie over until the morning, and then let
it be disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator's colleague
was pressing upon me that I ought not to ask
to have the tariff bill taken up, because it did
not do any good to take it up to then lay it
aside, and yet he turns around and asks the
Senate to take up the Chicago relief bill rather
than the other, in order to postpone it at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My idea in taking up
was to go right on and finish it to-night.
Mr. SHEliMAN. The Senators from Mich-
igan desire time.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan.. One subject I
had in proposing to have Monday set apart for
the consideration of the bill was that we have
had an intimation that there is a delegation
coming here from Michigan, and inasmuch as
courtesy has been extended to those advocat-
ing the passage of the bill in the form now
bet'ore the Senate, it was presumed the Sen-
ate would grant equal courtesy to the delega-
tion coming from those who differ on the prop-
osition. To meet that I suggested to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that he select Monday, and
in case the delegation does not arrive by that
time we must go on. There will have been, then,
in nay judgment, sufficient, time given them for
that purpose, and I shall be, for one, disposed
to go on with the bill. I take it, with that view,
the Senate will be disposed to fix Monday. I
do not cave how it is done ; I am willing to fix
it definitely that Monday the bill shall be taken
up and disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. Further, I give notice
that if the Senators will agree to Monday, I
will myself move that the tariff bill shall not
be considered that day. Let us take it up
now; we may go to a considerable length this
evening; the bill is long and may be read
to-night; and I will move, before the final
adjournment to-morrow or Saturday, that it
be postponed until Tuesday, so as to give Sen-
ators an opportunity on Monday to dispose of
the Chicago bill.
Mr. LOGAN. If the object is to fix a day
bo as to get a chance to rerefer it to the com-
mittee which will pass it over, and have some
other bill to take its place, I do not see what
we gain by it. The bill has been committed
three times. As far as the delegation coming
here from Michigan is concerned, I do not
object to hearing them; but I object to re-
referring the bill. When the Chicago delega-
tion came here, it was at a time when the bill
could not be taken up anyhow ; and I asked
as a matter of courtesy to the delegation that
the bill be sent to the committee, and it was
done ; and the committee extended the cour-
tesy to the Senators from Michigan of hearing
them. The Senators from Michigan appeared
there and replied to the committee from Chi-
cago, and it was discussed pro and con by the
opposing parties. I said nothing, neither did
my colleague; but we left the committee and the
two Senators from Michigan to discuss it. They
did so, and it was rereported. If, now, the
object is to postpone it and rerefer it again, I
can only say to the Senate that this kind of
postponing will defer it until it will be of no
advantage whatever if passed. A very few
days from this time, if it be not passed, it will
be of no advantage whatever to the people of
Chicago ; and I only insist at all for the reason
that if it be passed at all it should be done so
as to be of some benefit.
Mr. WRIGHT. I should be very glad to
know the exact question before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is, will the Senate sus-
tain the call of the Senator from Ohio for the
yeas and nays upon his motion to take up the
tariff bill?
Mr. WRIGHT. I understand the real ques-
tion before the Senate is whether the Senate
will proceed to the consideration of the tariff
bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WRIGHT. Upon which there has been
a vote by division, but the yeas and nays are
now called for the purpose of determining that
question.
It is known that I reported the Chicago
relief bill from the Committee on Finance.
That bill has been committed to the Commit-
tee on Finance, I think, four times, and reported
back as often. It is known also that i gave
notice more than once in my place here that
immediately after the termination of the bill
then before the Senate, the appropriation bill
just now acted upon, 1 would insist upon tak-
ing up this bill. It is known also that on one
morning at least I moved to take up the bill,
and that it would have been taken up at that
time, and possibly have been determined, but
for the illness of one of the Senators from
Wisconsin, and the friends of the bill at that
time gave way, and declined to insist upon
their rights.
Now, that approp-'-tion bill is out of the
way, and the Senator from Ohio insists that
we shall proceed with the consideration of
the tariff bill. I am as anxious as he is that
that bill shall be considered. He knows my
feelings on the subject, and he knows that I
am willing to stand by him. But there is no
Senator on this floor who does not feel and
realize the importance of determining the Chi-
cago relief bill, either defeating it or passing
it. Now, why he should insist that a bill that
will necessarily take up ten days, two weeks,
or three weeks in its consideration shall be
taken up before we take up this other, which
it is important to have determined promptly,
I do not understand. I do not see what ad-
vantage the chairman of the Committee on
Finance is to obtain by having the tariff bill
taken up now, with the understanding that the
Chicago bill is to be taken up immediately
afterward.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague on the Com-
mittee on Finance does not understand me.
I propose that the tariff bill be taken up now,
after the statement made by the Senators from
Michigan, to go right on this afternoon just as
liar as the Senate will stay, and so to-morrow,
and that on Monday next, without delay so far
as I am concerned, and by my vote, and if
necessary by my motion, the tariff bill shall be
laid aside, and let the Chicago bill be disposed
of on Monday. When the Senators from
Michigan say that there is a delegation from
their State on their way here, I would not
like to have that bill pressed and forced to a
vote; and underthose circumstances, although
I agree with the Senator from Iowa, I would
not feel like having a vote precipitated here
to-night.
Mr. WRIGHT. There is no probability that
a vote will be precipitated upon this bill. It
sounds strange to me to talk about precipi-
tating a vote upon this bill which has been
pending in the Senate nearly four months.
[Laughter. 3
Mr. SHERMAN. Precipitating debate I
ought to have said, perhaps.
Mr. WRIGHT. In view of the experience
of the Senate in getting a vote on any subject,
I think it is very strange language.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Iowa yield?
_ Mr. WRIGHT. I have no objection to
yielding ; but I wish to say here once for all,
for myself, that I protest as a Senator on this
floor against the constant interruption of those
who have the floor. I think it interferes con-
stantly with the business of the Senate, and I
think we should do a vast deal more than we
do if there were not these constant interrup-
tions. I say this generally.
This bill has been pending thus long, and
why, in view of our duties as Senators, we
should take up more time in discussing the
order of business than would be necessary
frequently to pass a bill, I cannot understand.
My good friend, the Senator from Ohio, who
is chairman of the Committee on Finance, in-
sists that the tariff bill shall have precedence,
and then he says he will consent that this bill
shall be taken up at some subsequent day.
Let us take up this bill now, and 1 say to him—
I believe that is the sense of the Senate ; lam
certain we can get a vote that will be over-
whelming—that the tariff bill shall come up
immediately afterward. Why not do that?
Let this bill come up, and let it be disposed of.
Then there will be no question about taking
up the tariff bill; and this is first in order
certainly in view of the importance of the
bill and its local character, and peculiarly on
account of the circumstances surrounding it.
I do insist, in view of the notice that
was given, in view of the extension of time
that has been given, in view of the circum-
stances, if there ever was a case where the
Senate ought to march right forward at once
and settle a question as to which bill should
have precedence, this is the one.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will be remembered
that I stated afterthe Chicago bill was reported
that there was a delegation on the way from
Michigan desiring to be heard, and I asked
the Senate over and over again to rerefer it,
not for the purpose of delay, but- for the pur-
pose of giving that delegation an opportunity
to be heard before the Committee on Finance.
Some of them staid here more than two
weeks—a large delegation of the most intelli-
gent men we have in the State of Michigan.
They had no opportunity to be heard. Finally
they were forced to return to their business
engagements, building their burnt mills, and
attending to putting in their burnt timber.
Afterward it was rereferred to listen to a
large delegation from Chicago. I think there
were over thirty here for a long time, but no
one was here from the lumber regions to rep-
resent the people of Michigan before the com-
mittee.
My colleague and myself have both received
telegrams within two or three days that two,
and I think three large delegations are now
on the way. They first telegraphed us whether
they should come, and we telegraphed back—
