2574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
light upon this or obviate the objection that is
suggested. I should like to have those amend-
ments printed.
Mr. CONKLING. All very true, but the
honorable Senator entirely forgets in his state-
ment the ordinary usage of the body. This
bill is just like other bills. There are amend-
ments from the committee, some of which are
printed ; there are other amendments, we are
told, which are not printed; the common,
customary case. It sometimes happens that
a bill is reported by a committee without
amendment. It sometimes happens that the
bill is reported with two or three amendments
that are printed. I know that is customary.
I know also that the most cumbrous and most
important measures which pass the Senate are
commonly reported by the committee with two
kinds of amendments as there are here ; one,
amendments which have been considered, per-
fected, and printed ; another kind of amend-
ments, those more recently reported, modify-
ing, varying, changing, adding to, taking from
the bill and the amendments as they stand
printed.
This is the customary case, and my answer
to my friend is that we shall depart from the
ordinary rule, we shall waste this day, for
nothing else is likely to be completed on this
day, and we shall postpone to a future time
the very process through which we are about
to go now, if we continue the consideration
of the bill. If we come to a time when
amendments are suggested of such a nature
that the Senator from Connecticut wants to
see them in print in order to understand them,
so be it. But we are assuming all that now.
Why not let the committee go through with
their amendments, perfect the hill as far as
they propose, and then see whether there is
anything which requires committal?
I desire to make one further remark to my
friend from Nevada which I intended to make
when 1 was up before. I did not vote this
morning to give to-day to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad. I did not do so because
I did not choose to override the unfinished
business. This day they have. I want it un-
derstood that I am absolved, for one, from
voting for any other day for the Pacific Rail-
road Committee if they lose this day. This
day is theirs. They have the right to make
the most of it, and I think we should stand by
them in allowing them to present their bills as
far as they can, and make the most of it. But
if this day is to be frittered away upon the
promise of some shadowy by and-by, that they
are to come in ;md ask some other day or some
succession of days, I am afraid they will not
get it, and if my vote should bo essential, 1 am
still more afraid they will not get it.
Mr. SCOTT. Let me disabuse the minds
of the Senate of the impression which has been
made by the .statement that I have a large
number of important amendments to offer to
this bill. 1 have looked through the bill, and
the amendments which I am authorized by the
committee to offer are just four, and, with the
exception of one, none of them is one lme
long: they are very brief, and they are not
very important.. I would suggest, and it was
the suggestion I made in the beginning, that
the committee be permitted to go through
with their amendments, and if any one of them
be of such a character that further discussion
is necessary, let any Senator reserve it for con-
sideration when we get, into the Senate. If we
could go through with these amendments that
the committee has authorized me to offer, then
their character, number, and importance would
be known, and I think when they are known
we shall have no difficulty in disposing of the
bill this evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question is on the motion to recommit the bill
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the committee,
to strike out in lines fourteen and fifteen the
words "or may hereafter be made."
Mr. STEWART. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. I venture to ask the
Senator from Pennsylvania or the chairman
of the committee whether I understand the
whole force and scope of this amendment? If
the amendment fails and the bill remains as it
is now, it gives to these beneficiaries the right
to use their lands as they please by mortgage
or otherwise for the advancement of their
road, not only lands which they have now, but
such lands as they shall acquire in the future.
If, on the contrary, the amendment prevails,
it allows them the jus disponendi of lands
which they have now, but it cuts off their
right to mortgage or use as thev please such
lands as may be acquired hereafter by them-
selves or by connecting compauies who act in
connection with them. Is that the proposition?
Mr. STEWART. That is the proposition.
Mr. HOWE. I ask if it does not go a little
further than that ? Is it or is it not the pur-
pose of this amendment to deprive the com-
pany of the power to purchase lands or employ
its assets in the purchase of lands?
Mr. STEWART. No; the object of this
amendmentisto preventthem from mortgaging
property they shall hereafter acquire. The
object of the section is to allow them to make
as good bonds as they can and mortgage any
property they may acquire for that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
this section proposes to allow them to consol-
idate with any company they please, and not
only to do it to-day, but. to do it hereafter.
The amendment of my colleague I think merely
prohibits a consolidation hereafter by which
they shall acquire lands subsequently granted.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no, if my friend will
pardon me, the amendment is not as broad as
that. It does not prevent consolidation, nor
the acquisition of lands by that consolidation.
It prevents the act of mortgaging those lands
after they have acquired them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think we
had better read the precise phraseology. The
language in italics reads as follows:
And nil or any portion of the lands acquired by
any arrangement or purchase, or terms of consolid-
ation with any railroad company or companies to
whom grants of lands may have been made or may
hereafter bo made. &c.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator, as I
have not the bill before me, to read the pre-
ceding words prescribing what maybedone with
those lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The preced-
ing clause reads as follows:
And in the mortgage or mortgages to secure said
land bonds, any portion of said lands not so used to
secure the construction bonds aforesaid.
And then it proceeds as I read before. This
clearly contemplates that the parties may pur-
chase or they may make any arrangement,
whatever to secure lands that hereafter may be
granted by Congress, or a State, or a Terri-
tory. There cannot be any dispute about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
a word on this amendment. The Senator
from New York is obviously at fault in the
interpretation he puts upon it. By the ori-
ginal charter, as bythis bill, this Texas Pacific
Railroad Company is authorized to acquire
certain railroad franchises with the grants
thereunto annexed, which have been made
cither by Congress, or a State, or a Territory.
The old bill did not provide, but this section
provides now that such lands so acquired may
be mortgaged; and further, any which may
hereafter be acquired from any State or Ter-
ritory, or the nation.
Mr. CONKLING. May be mortgaged.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. May be mort-
gaged ; that is to say. all the roads now con-
templated ; all the lands that are contemplated
now to be acquired ; grants already made may
be mortgaged; and all the lands that here-
after may be granted to any railroad com-
pany 
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. In the United
States, anywhere.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In the United
States, by the Government of the United
States, by a State, or by a Territory, may also
be acquired and mortgaged.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will par-
don me a moment, does he mean to assent to
the question asked by t.he Senator from Con-
necticut, that under this bill not only this com-
pany, but all other companies in the United
States, whether in connection with it 
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. No;thiscom-
pany may consolidate with any in the United
States
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Connecticut did not say any such thing.
Mr. CONKLING. Well. I ask the Senator
fr'om Maine where my error was ? He has
stated it just as I understood him, that this
gives them the right to morigage all they have
now and all they may acquire hereafter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All they may
acquire by what?
Mr. CONKLING. Either in their own right,
or in the right of any company with whom they
connect and cooperate in this venture.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Any company
that may hereafter be incorporated ?
Mr. CONKLING. For this purpose; for
this venture.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. For what pur-
pose ?
Mr. CONKLING. For the purpose nom-
inated in this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All I mean to
say is this : this contemplates the mortgaging
of all the lands of any companies, national.
State, or territorial, with which they now have
a right to connect, and of any company that
may hereafter be incorporated that has land
grants. It extends itself to the indefinite future.
That is what it does undoubtedly. The ques-
tion is whether it is a good thing to do.
Mr. SCO IT. If the Senator from Maine
will recollect, upon the motion of t.he Senator
from Vermont an amendment was incorpor-
ated, which expressly limits the power ot this
company to consolidate those companies that
are now in existence. That being the inten-
tion, he put the words "lawfully authorized
in the amendment. 1 do not suppose the
Senator from Maine has it before him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; Ihavenot.
Mr. SCOTI". The words " lawfully author-
ized'' were incorporated in that amendment,
which confines the power of the company, if it
was not already confined, to consolidation with
companies with which it was authorized to
consolidate by the original act. It gives no
new power of consolidation with companies
hereafter to be incorporated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If that is so, I
suggest to my honorable friend that to make
this harmonize the word "hereafter" should
most obviously be stricken out.
Mr. SCOTT. That applies only to the ac-
quisition of lands by these companies that the
power to mortgage the lands may be included.
The company may exercise the power of con-
solidation already granted, and may acquire
those lands; and this provides that when
acquired the power to morigage shall include
them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the hon-
orable Senator mean to say to the Senate that
aside from the power of acquiring lands by
consolidating, a power which is given here,
this company is authorized to acquire lands
for any other purpose or in any other way?
Mr.SCOIT. If the Senator had permitted
me 1 wished to add another sentence. When
this bill was originally before the Pacific Rail-
road Committee, as all its members will rec-
ollect, the question was started whether new
legislation would not be necessary, under the
peculiar terms of the constitution of the State
