1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2575
of Texas, to vest these lands by an.indefeas-
ible title in that road with which consolida-
tion was contemplated, the road incorporated
by the Legislature of Texas. If that be so,
if that constitutional question in Texas be
determined in one way, then this language
will be necessary to authorize the mortgaging
of lands acquired under the Texas grant; so
that it will be necessary in that point, of view,
if in no other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator trom Ver-
mont to the amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope that amendment
will prevail. It is to strike out " or hereafter
may be made."
Mr. HOWE. I shall not vote for that
amendment unless some Senator can convince
me that I ain mistaken as to the effect of the
clause. It seems to me that this clause pro-
posed by the committee, with or without the
amendment moved by the Senator liom Ver
mont, does essentially transform the charac-
ter of this corporation. The company as we
created it, I suppose, was a railroad company,
a company authorized to build a railroad, and
endowed with a grant of land for that pur-
pose. This amendment of the committee, it
seems to me, transforms it into a land com
pany, a company for the purpose and it may
turn out for the sole purpose of speculating
in land. Of course I suppose, though I have
not the original grant before me, that if they
do not build the road they will not hold that
grant; that will probably revert to the United
States; but they will hold, in spite of that
fact, such lands as they may purchase, and as
they may purchase under the very terms of
this amendment. The very bonds you au-
thorize them to issue based upon the hope,
upon the public hope, that a road will be
built, they may use in turn, if they can get any
credit for them, in buying other lands either
from individuals or from any State or anybody
else who is authorized to convey.
Mr. MORTON. It seems to me that the
characterof thisamendment moved by thecom-
mittee is misunderstood. It certainly does not
confer any new power upon this company to
acquire land; it, is not intended for that, pur-
pose ; but it provides thatif the company shall
hereafter acquire land in methods nowalready
provided for, that land may be included in this
mortgage along with the rest.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I beg the
Senator to examine closely that amendment.
This company do not expect to get any more
lands granted by the United States ; nobody
expects that. All the acquisitions they expect
to make hereafter are within the State of
Texas. Those lands are not to be put in the
construction bonds at all The, Senator will
notice that they are kept out, reserved to be
put into land bonds. They propose to use
the land obtained from the United States for
the purpose of obtaining money we may sup-
pose to buy land in Texas. Thaus the danger I
apprehend, and there is no limit to the com-
pany you will find ifi other sections of the bill.
By the charter of companies which they ex-
pect to consolidate with, or to make arrange-
ment to get possession of, they are authorized
to operate under those charters, not under
this; and those charters authorize the com-
pany to buy land without limit. They can go
into the market and buy a million acres of
land and hold it up if they choose.
Mr. MORTON. If that abuse represented
by the Senator exists, it exists under present
charters, and this bill does not affect the ex-
tent of it one way or the other. The original
charter contained this provision :
" That the said Texas Pacific Railroad Company
shall have power and lawful authority to purchase
the stock, land grants, franchises, and appurten-
ances of, and consolid'tc on such terms as maybe
agreed upon between the parties, with any railroad
company or companies heretoforo chartered by
congressional, State, or territorial authority "—
Employing the same language now in the
new amendment—
" on the route prescribed in the first section of this
act."
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I will point nut a difference.
It may buy these railroad charters out of its own
bonds. The pending bill authorizes the com-
pany to issue bonds, and to use those bonds
for the purpose of buying up other railroads.
Mr. MORTON. The remark made by the
Senator from Iowa does not apply to what is
contained in this amendment or in this sec-
tion. It may have force as applied to another
part of this bill, but not to the part under dis-
cussion, I simply meant to show that as the
law now stands this company has the right to
make these consolidations, and the amend-
ment proposed is tliis : that if it does, the land
it acquires along with those companies shall
be put into ibis mortgage along with the rest;
and that is the whole of it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I beg the
Senator's pardon. You will find that the
amendment does not authorize them to put
that land in the construction bonds. Let him
read it now carefully and he will see it does
not authorize that.
Mr. MORTON. As the charter now stands
this company has the right to make these con-
solidations. As the charier now stands it must
mortgage these lands to secure one bond and
mortgage the road to secure another bond.
The object of the amendment is to allow both
the road and the land to secure one bond and
make that a good bond; for lam told they
cannot sell the b nds if they are made in the
way proposed by the original charter two
bonds. They must be authorized to make one
bond and put all the security in it that they see
proper. The simple effect of this amendment,
is that if they shall hereafter make consolid-
ations in accordance with the terms of the
original charter as the law now exists the
lands they may acquiie along with those con-
solidations may be put into this one mortgage
to make it a good "bond. They have the right
to acquire the land if they make the consolid-
ations, and they have the right to acquire the
lands to be hereafter acquired by those com-
panies. Theie is no question about, that. But
the simple effect of the amendment is to
enable them to take those lands and put them
into this mortgage. They have got the right
to acquire fhetn. There is 110 change in the
power on that subject.
The whole object of ihe amendment, as 1
understand it, is to enable them to take all
their assets; I ask the attention of the Senator
from Vermont to that point. Tliis makes 110
change of the right to acquire. The right to
consolidate and to acquire whatever the con-
solidated company has got is given by the
original charter. The only effect ot this
amendment is to authorize the company to
I take all their assets they may have now or that
| they may hereafter acquire and put tbem into
I one mortgage to secure one kind of bond,
j That is the whole-of it, as I understand. It
i confers no new power to acquire at all.
I Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not so un-
] derstand it. I understand that any of these
1 additional railroads spoken of may have or
j may acquire additional rights from Congress,
: from a State, or from a Territory, and that
they may then, by any arrangement they see
fit, mortgage them for the security of their
bonds.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to make a sug-
gestion in the way of amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont
already adopted, which may perhaps remove,
to some extent at least, the objections which
prompted the amendment of his which now
is under consideration. I understand that the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont was
prompted by an apprehension upon his part
of the magnitude of the interests that might
be acquired either in. the way of consolidation
with'other companies in the future, or in the
way of lands obtained through such companies,
and he has already obtained the consent of
the Senate to insert, after the word "con-
solidation," in line thirteen, the words "law-
fully authorized." That lawful authority re-
fers, of course, to the authority conferred in
the act of Congress of March 3, 1871, by
which the Texas Pacific road was chartered.
In order to make the meaning of it quite plain
beyond doubt, I propose to add, if there is no
objection, after the word " authorized," these
words "by said act of March 3,1871," which
is the act mentioned in the title of the bill.
That would limit any acquisition in the way
of consolidation or lands to the precise case
| provided for and authorized by the act of
March 3, 1871.
j Mr. STEWART. There is no objection to
! that. It is all right.
S The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
j from California suggests, pending the vote on
I the amendment now before the Senate as an
j amendment to tlie previous amendment, that
j it shall be modified by inserting after tbe word
I "authorized," the words "by said act of
March 3, 1871." if there be no objection the
previous amendment will be modified as sug-
! gest.ed by the Senator from California, the
chairman of the committee stating that he
' does not object to it.. The quesiioti recurs on
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont
; to the amendment.
' Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 do notunder-
stand that this is a modification of 'he amend-
j! metil under consideration proposed by the
Senator from Vermont.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a modifi-
cation of the previous amendment which the
|' Senator from California suggested might, obvi-
; ate some difficulty, and it was assented to by
i the chairman of the committee. The question
j now seems on the amendment to the amend-
, ment, to stiike out, notwithstanding the modi-
]' fication, the words "or may hereafter be
T made."
Mr. HARLAN. I have been at a loss,
although 1 have given a little time to this bill,
to understand what the defect of the old law
is, what it is that Congress is called on to
remedy. I have read over several times the
old law, arid 1 am not sure that I know, and I
think no member of this body has yet stated,
what the difficulty is with the old law. What
is it that the company want to do now that
they cannot do under that law?
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator permit me
to answer there?
ij Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
| Mr. SCOTT. They wish to put into their
construction mortgage lands in addition to
the road-bed and franchises. They cannot
' put in the lauds now. That is one point.
!' Mr. HARLAN. I think perhaps that that
j was alluded to by the honorable Senator from
' Texas when he stated that the two bonds could
J be made and sold at the same time. And, by
; the way, the answer was somewhat pertinent,
j! for I believe that is the precise course that
j railroad companies heretofore have pursued
}, when they owned land. The Union Pacific
; Railroad Company pursued the course sua-
I gested by the honorable Senator from Texas
! and did succeed in building the road. I
1 understand that the company building the
I' Kansas Pacific railroad pursued the same
course. They issued what they called con-
" struction bonds and also land bonds, and those
! bonds were sold, money was raised, and the
! road built. That road has been built, I think,
| some seven or eight hundred miles from the
i State of Kansas by way of Denver to Chey-
{ enne, on the line of the Union Pacific rail-
i road. If other companies are able to sell
