1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
for the entire time served, deducting all Gov-
ernment bounty heretofore paid ; also, to amend
the twenty-fifth section of the act approved July
15, 1870, so as to allow soldiers and sailors to
enter the amount of land therein allowed with-
out the requirements of settlement and culti-
vation.
Also, the remonstrance of James Robinson
ancl 50 others, workmen in Kimber)y& Filer's
coal bank, of Hickory township, Mercer county,
Pennsylvania, against the change in the tariff
laws abating duties oil articlessuccessfully pro-
duced in this country, and praying the repeal
of all duties on tea. coffee, and such other
articles as cannot be produced in the United
States, aud also such adjustment of duties as
will encourage and defend every home indus-
try and foster the honor and interests of the
American laborer.
By Mr. HALDEMAN: The petition of num-
erous citizens of Wrightsville, York county,
Pennsylvania, against a change of existing
tariff laws, in so far as they protect American
industry, and in favor of the repeal of all duties
upon tea and coffee.
By Mr. HAMBLETON: The petition of
Captain Samuel M. Traverse, L. F. Kerwin,
and 200 others, citizens of Dorchester county,
Maryland, engaged in the boating business,
praying that the said county may be included
in the Baltimore city customs district instead
of the Crisfield district, as at present.
Also, the memorial of Dr. H. R. Pitts and
100 others, citizens of Worcester county, Mary-
land, praying a survey of the bay or sound
extending from the Delaware line through
Worcester county to Chineoteague inlet, in
Virginia, with a view to removing obstruc-
tions.
^By Mr. KELLEY: The remonstrance of
W. II. McMillan and 473 others, workers in
the Pascal iron-works, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, against the change in the tariff laws
abating duties on articles successfully pro-
duced in this country, urged by the Free-TradS
League, and praying the repeal of all duties
on tea, coffee, and such other articles as can-
not be successfully produced in the United
States, and also such adjustment of duties as
■will encourage and defend every home indus-
try aud foster the honor and interests of the
American laborer.
Also, the remonstrance of Henry R. Green
and GO others, workers in the Berkshire mills, of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, againstthe change
in the tariff laws abating duties on articles suc-
cessfully produced in this country, urged by
the Free-Trade League, and praying the repeal
of all duties on tea, coffee, and such other arti-
cles as cannot be produced in the United States,
and also such adjustment of duties as will
encourage and defend every home industry
and foster the honor and interests of the Amer-
ican laborer.
Also, the remonstrance of Edward L. Carey
and 50 others, members of the White Hall
Agricultural Association of Frederick county,
Virginia, against the change in the tariff laws
abating duties on articles successfully pro-
duced in this country, urged by the Free-Trade
League, and praying the repeal of all duties on
tea, coffee, and such other articles as cannot
be produced in the United States, and also
such adjustment of duties as will encourage
and defend every home industry and fosterthe
honor and interests of the American laborer.
Also, the icmonstrance of William Kighter
and 79 others, workers in the Tacony chemical
works of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, against
the change in the tariff laws abating duties
on articles successfully produced in this coun-
try, urged by the Free-Trade League, and
praj-ingthe repeal of all duties on tea, coffee,
and such other articles as cannot be produced
in the United States, aud also such adjustment
of duties as will encourage and defend every
home industry aud foster the honor and inter-
ests of the American laborer.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Josiah
Eeab, for an amendment to the pension law
for surviving soldiers in the war of 1812.
By Mr.'LYNCH: The petition of Mrs.
Mary A. Chute, of Naples, Maine, praying a
pension.
By Mr. MONROE : The petition of Judge
Edward Hall and 97 others, citizens ofHolmes
county, Ohio, praying Congress to retain the
present protective duties upon American in-
dustry.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of J.
A. Leruke and 8-1 others, citizens of Indiana,
praying Congress to grant aid to the Western
Iron-Boat Budding Company.
By Mr. PACKER : The petition of Colonel
David Taggart and others, officers of the Army
of the United States, praying an increase of
the pay and salary of paymasters' clerks.
_ By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS : The petition of
citizens of Oneida county, New York, for the
repeal of the duty on salt.
By Mr. SHOEMAKER: Sundry petitions
of citizens of Bedford county, Pennsylvania,
praying the passage of House bill No. 6G0,
granting bounty lands to certain persons en-
gaged in the military and naval service of the
United States from and after the 4th day of
March, 1861.
By Mr. SLOSS: Thepetitionofofficersofthe
Methodist Episcopal church at Decatur, Ala-
bama, asking compensation for their house of
worship, which was destroyed by the United
States Army during the late war between the
States.
By Mr. STORM: The remonstrance of S. E.
Schoonour and 26 others, workmen of Weath-
erly, Carbon county, Pennsylvania, against the
change in the tariff laws abating duties on arti-
cles successfully produced in this country,
urged by the Free-Trade League, and praying
the repeal of all duties on tea, coffee, and such
other articles as cannot be produced in the
United States, and also such adjustment of
duties as will encourage aud defend every
home industry and foster the honor and inter-
ests of the American laborer.
Also, the petition of 75 citizens of the State
of Pennsylvania, and late soldiers of the Army
of the United States, asking the passage sf an
act giving to all soldiers, sailors, and marines
who served during the late war, and to the
heirs of those now deceased, the sum of
$8 33J per month for the entire time served,
deducting all bounties heretofore paid, and to
change the law of July 15, 1870, so as to allow
soldiers and sailors to enter the amount of
lands therein allowed without the requirements
of settlement and cultivation.
Also, the remonstrance of Abraham Schropp
and 967 others, workers in the Bethlehem iron-
works, of Bethlehem. Pennsylvania, againstthe
change in the tariff laws abating duties on
articles successfully produced in this country,
urged by the Free-Trade League, and praying
the repeal of duties on tea, coffee, and such
other articles as cannot be produced in the
United States, and also such adjustment of
duties as will. encourage and defend every
home industry and foster the honor and inter-
ests of the American laborer.
By Mr. SWANN": The memorial of the Choc-
taw "nation, relative to their claim to the net
proceeds of their lands ceded to the United
States by the treaty of Dancing Rabbit creek.
Also, "two petitions from business firms in
the city of Baltimore, Maryland, praying the
repeal of the duty on salt.
By Mr. TW1CHELL: The petition of
Franklin Curtis, for an American register for
brig M. L. B.
By Mr. WALLACE: The memorial of the
Charleston Chamber of Commerce, praying
Congress to restore the cotton tax.
By Mr. WALDEON: The petition of Ben-
jamin H. Curtis and others, of Monroe county,
Michigan, soldiers in the late war, asking the
passage of an act giving to all soldiers $8 33J
per month for the time served, after deducting
any Government bounty already paid.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 2,1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
session of saturday.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
a privileged question. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it be to meet on Mon-
day. I make this motion with a view to an
understanding being come to whether we shall
adjourn over, or whether there shall be a
session to-morrow for debate only.
Mr. GAIIFIELD, of Ohio. I think there
are some gentlemen who would like to speak
to-morrow. I therefore move that the session
of to-morrow be for debate only as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, no business whatever to
be transacted; I shall be quite satisfied if that,
is agreeable to the House.
The motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, was
agreed to.
_ Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the motion was agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
organization of indian territory.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a protest of the Choctaw nation against
the organization of the Indian territory into
a territorial or State government; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
internal taxes.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous conssnt, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1333) to amend sec-
tion thirty-five of an act entitled, "An act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes;"
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. PECK. I desire to have the bill put
upon its passage now.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any, will
be in order.
The bill was read. It proposes to extend
the privileges of the act entitled "An act to
reduceinternal taxes, and for other purposes,"
approved July 14, 1870, to the port of Toledo,
in the State of Ohio.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
chicago relief.
Mr. FINKBLNBURG. I ask unanimous
consent to present a memorial of the St. Louis
Board of Trade, for reference to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. I desire to have the
memorial read.
The memorial was read, as follows :
st. louis, missouri., February 1,1st2.
Hon. A. finklenbukg and Hon. eb^stus wells :
Please have the following preamble and resolu-
tions presented to both Houses of Congress at the
earliest practicable moment.
By order of theSt. Louis Board of Trade :
B. K. BONNER, President.
"Whereas a hill is now pending in the Congress
of the United States which provides for the import-
ation into the port of Chicago certain goods, wares,
and merchandise free of duty, for the purpose of
extending aid to the sufferers in the burnt district
in said city: Therefore,
"Be it resolved, That the merchants, manufac-
turers, and importers of St. Louis, through their
Board of Trade, respectfully represent that the pro-
posed mode of relief is impracticable and unjust in
this, that it would unsettle values, complicate the
collection of the revenue, open the way to traud,
and place the burden of relief upon a few classes
that should be borne equitably and alike by all.
" 2. Itceohcd, That any aid that Congress m its
wisdom may deem proper to extend, should be by
direct appropriation from the national Treasury, by
which process Congress and the whole country will
know the exact amount contributed, and every
interest will bear its proportion of a national tax to
rebuild Chicago.
