1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43£7
of the two bills that they were substantially
the same when one provided for the elec-
tion of Representatives and the other did not ?
1 leave out now the other substantial differ-
ence that one bill in terms limited the opera-
tion of the act to the election this year, and
the other said nothing about that. There was
au attempt at an argument that there was no
difference between the two bills on that head,
but 1 will not consume the time of the Senate
in discussing such an attempt at an argument
as that. The two bills were different in two
most essential particulars; and yet the Sen-
ator from Louisiana undertook to get that bill
from the House through the Seuate on an
assurance that was not correct.
Sir, I listened with amazement and with
sorrow to the decision of the Chair. There is
not a justice's court in the country where such
a decision upon a similar law with this would
be made; or if made, where it would not be
torn into shreds in fifteen minutes by any law-
yer that was ever qualified to argue about ten
dollars. Why, sir, it proceeds upon a theory
that is essentially false and unfounded in it-
self, namely, that because an appropriation
in a bill refers to a law which has created a
subject for that appropriation to act upon
therefore you can introduce any sort of amend-
ment to reach that bill. That is the proposi-
tion.
Why, sir, what is the object of an appropri-
ation bill? It is not to make a new law ; it is
as to the expenditure of money. An appro-
priation bill must have, before it can be drawn
even, subjects of expenditure already created
by law. In other words, there must be laws
on the statute-book providing for such and
such things, which require expenditure to carry
them out, in the first place. Then you make
your appropriation bill for the purpose of ap-
propriating the amounts of money necessary
to satisfy those expenditures. The decision
made here to night amounts to this, neither
more nor less, that because there may be one
to twenty or two hundred appropriations in
your bill that relate to the law creating the
subject of that expenditure, therefore you
have the right upon that view of the case,
which is a necessary view, there can be no
appropriation bill without it, to amend these
laws creating that subject of expenditure in-
definitely. The appropriation bill becomes,
therefore, the omnibus of the whole legisla-
tion of the session. Under this rule, intended
to restrict aH appropriation bill to its just and
proper function of supplying the means for
carrying out subjects of expenditure created
by other laws, you may amend every law in
regard to the subject of expenditures, in re-
gard to which an appropriation is stated in the
bill.
Now, sir, the great bulk of your laws are
laws requiring directly or indirecly expendi-
tures to carry them out. That is particularly
true of the laws in regard to your Executive
Departments. It is still more so in regard to
the laws respecting your jurisprudence, re-
specting your whole system of rights and rem-
edies. Rights and remedies require courts
and officers to carry them out. Courts and
officers require expenditure. Expenditures
require an appropriation bill. Therefore,
under an appropriation bill you can go back
to the beginning and regulate the whole sys-
tem of your courts and of your officers, your
whole system of pains, penalties, rights, and
remedies, and that is the decision that is made
here this evening—made here, Mr. President,
too obviously to serve a purpose. It never
would have been made here, or thought of
here, or voted for here by any ten members
of this Seuate, but for a supposed party
exigency, the same party exigency which
prompted the introduction by the Senator
from Louisiana of his amendment.
It may be contended that the specification
of a particular act in this bill at page 5, from
line ninety-seven to ninety-eight, makes some
distinction between the case I have been sup-
posing and the present case.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg to call the atten-
tion of ray friend from California to the fact
that that specifies no particular act, only an
act passed February 28, 1871, and there were
two acts passed on that day.
Mr. QASSEBLY. It does not make a par-
ticle of difference if it did, for the reason that
you cannot have a valid appropriation without
an act to justify it, without an act creating the
expenditure to which that appropriation is
to be applied under the rules of the Senate.
An estimate from a Department is required in
certain cases, but there can be no estimate
from a Department except in reference to au
expenditure authorized by law. Under our
rules and our practice there would be no pro-
priety in applying any appropriation made in
this bill under the head of the judiciary to any
other acts than thus relating to the jurispru-
dence of the country. But uuder the judiciary
head of this appropriation bill the general
appropriation, aa general as au appropriation
of $3,000,000 in the first head under the judi-
ciary, may be applied to all causes of expend-
iture expressed in the most general terms. It
was not necessary to sp£eify any statute. , The
specification of a statute was a mere device,
and a very narrow one at that, one of the little
contrivances intended to bridge over the pas-
sage from the clear right to the clear wrong for
some tender-footed brother, for some man
whose will was stronger than his conscience.
The Senator from Ohio spoke of the good
faith of the Senate. Ah, sir, I wish I might
say upon .that subject all that I feel without
infringing upon any of the proprieties which,
so long as I remain here, I hope 1 never shall
intentionally disregard. I will not say that
there has been any breach of good faith here;
but I will suppose a case. I will suppose a case
where, in the latter days of a hard working
session, it was considered desirable to speed
those bills that were essential to the adminis-
tration of the Government, after eertaiu bills
of supposed political importance aud doubt-
less of real partisan exigency had been dis-
posed of. I will suppose that under those cir-
cumstances, there being no business which any
one could pretend was of consequence except
the bills necessary to the Government to be
disposed of, the majority said to the minority,
"Let us agree now .to dispose of the remain-
ing business with short speeches upon the
amendments and under such regulations as to
enable us to dispose with speed of all the busi-
ness remaining to bedone." In that case the
minority, I will imagine, met the majority
frankly and candidly, assuming for the majority
the same good faith and candor which the
minority was conscious of for itself. I will
assume that the minority consented at once
openly and generously to the proposition.
Was there any good faith involved in all
that? Was not tbe good faith of the Senate
pledged as amply as if it had been written out
in words and put into the form of a rule, that
certain measures should be resorted to for the
purpose of dispatching the business of theses-
sion, for the purpose of disposing of those bills
that were essential to the administration of
the Government? Every one knows what thai
means. It means the bills for appropriating
money for the expenditures of the Govern-
ment ; that these measures of restriction and
of debate and the dispatch of business were
to be applied to those bills and for the purpose
of speeding those bills. Whowill pretend fora
moment that the good faith of the Senate did
not imperatively require that no attemptshould
be made to use that agreement for the purpose
of thrusting into an appropriation bill measures
which not a man of the minority supposed for
one moment would be brought forward in the
last days of the session for the purpose of
forcing, perhaps upon an unwilling House,
measures which by us no other contrivance
could they compel the adoption of?
There has been a good deal said about a fair
vote ia some other part of the Capitol than
this. A fair vote has been had. I do not
undertake to say with what result; but if a
fair vote has been allowed there, and has been
obtained, why are not the majority in this Sen-
ate content to stand by it? Why do they re-
sort to a decision upon a rale which has aston-
ished every member of this minority, if not
filled him with indignation, in order to thrust
legislation into this appropriation bill which
has no business there, and whieh do member
of the minority, relying on the good faith of
the majority, supposed, when we entered into
an agreement for the dispatch of business, it
was in the least degree the intention of the
majority to propose ? Oh, sir, to what 'dire
straits is a great ruling party in this country
driven when in a Congress in both Houses of
which they have a majority—in this body a more
than two-thirds majority, in the other House
a very efficient working majority—it is com-
pelled to violate its own rules, compelled to
violate its own implied understanding with the
minority, compelled under the shilt of a de-
cision which nobody, after that decision has
served its purpose, will ever undertake to re-
new in this Chamber, or if renewed todefend,
in order to bring about legislation which has
already passed through this body, and which
seems somehow or other to have failed out-
side of these doors!
In loyalty and good faith we have stood by
our part of the agreement. We have sat here
night after night, more diligently than the
majority, to aid you in passing those bills
without which your Government caunot go
on. When leading members of the majority
here were making motion after motion, con-
suming the time of the body—I will not say
with any factious purpose, but making mo-
tions which evidently were made only to be
voted down—who was it here that kept the
Senate together? Who was it here that gave
you a quorum, and enabled you to do business ?
It was the minority, none else than the minor-
ity. Can any man with truth charge upon the
minority any factious obstruction to the trans-
action of business, any factious obstruction to
the passage of your appropriation bills? No,
sir; not one. If any such obstruction has been
made in the Senate—I do not say that it has—r
it is not on the minority that it can justly be
charged.
And now, sir, at the end of the session,
within two legislative days of the adjournment,
or less than two, all the controversies over
your Ku Kiux hill and your bill for regulating
the elections by your bayonets in this year of
grace 1872, when the head of your Government
and the head of your armies is a candidate for
reelection—those measures, and others no
worse and no better, are brought in here to be
fought over and thrust though Congress at this
session over the back of an appropriation bill.
What a Spectacle for a great majority party in
Congress to present to the country and to the
world i And to do that you overturn your
own plain rule; you take advantage of a de-
cision of which ail I have to say is that I do
not envy the making of it; I wonder at it,
rather; and besides all that an attempt to de-
bate the fituess of that decision, an attempt to
point out its manifest error, an attempt to ex-
pose its utter unfitness for application to the
business of this session or of any session of the
Senate, according to any parliamentary rules,
was cut off by a motion to lay upon the table.
Is it true that discussion is so much dreade i
by the majority here ? What are they afraid
of? If the measures they propose are fit to
bear the light, they will bear the light. If
they are fit to be passed, they should bear dis-
cussion, and discussion should not be objected
to. It is not we that have brought on this
discus-ion, but it is you, sir, and the majori'y
in this Chamber who have brought it on, and
brought it on, I repeat, in violation of all the
understanding which we had on this side—au
