4368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
understanding which I undertake to gay was
justified amply and completely by all that
took place in reference to the subject-matter.
The Senator from Massachusetts announces
that he will offer his civil rights biM. I am
not sufficiently informed of the contents of
this miscellaneous bill to know whether there
is or is not any provision for the expenditure
of money to carry out all the acts concerning
education or otherwise in this country, but 1
take it for granted that the civil rights bill is
just as admissible under the first paragraph
of the judiciary head of this bill as the amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana is. The
civil rights bill is a bill which addresses itself
distinctly in one branch of it, the remedial
branch, to the judiciary of the country. All
that can be said about the bayonet bill is that
it addresses itself also in the execution of it
to the judiciary of the country, and hence the
civil rights bill and the bayonet bill stand
upon the same footing precisely.
"For the support and maintenance of con-
victs transferred from the District of Colum-
bia, $10,000," is the very next provision of
which I have been speaking under the judiciary
head. That authorizes you to amend and
rw'iae in this act your whole system of crimes
and punishments. You may overhaul your
entire criminal code. What is the answer to
that 1
1 turn to page 6, lines one hundred and
twenty-six to one hundred and twenty-nine:
For this sum, or -so mneh thereof as may bo
necessary, to bo expended under the direction of
tho Attorney General in the doteotion and prosecu-
tion of crimes against tile (Jnitod States, $5(3,000.
You can put your ICu Klux bill in under
that just as well as under the other.
For continuing the collection of statistics of
mines and aiming, to bo laid before Congress, to bo
expended under the direction of the Secretary of tho
Treasury, ila.000.
That is on page 7, line one hundred and
forty to line one hundred and forty-four.
What reason is there why you may not insert
a new code of mining under that head in your
bill ? There is no reason whatever.
Bat I refrain from pushing further the illus-
trations of the utter error,, the complete, pal-
pable, gross error of the.decision which has
been rendered here to-night; an error whioh
nothing but the determination of the majority,
right or wrong, lo put this thing in the bill
would have induced ttiem to sustain. It was
on no merits of its own as a judicial decision
that it has been sustained. It was sustained
upon grounds entirely outside of its correct-
ness, which bad.no reference to its correctness,
which recommended themselves to the major-
ity here in spite of any question of correct-
ness, which the majority here acted upon in
the face and eyes of its manifest incorrect-
ness.
My colleague had occasion the night before
last to challenge the majority here for what
he regarded as indications of a clear pur-
pose to consume the time of the session so
as to force an extra session of Congress.
That was disclaimed by several Senators one
after the other. Among those Senators I
thought it remarkable to see some at least,
certainly one, who, though he disclaimed any
such purpose, had all night long been voting
time after tirpe for every dilatory motion that
was made ou this floor, voting for an adjourn-
ment, after it had been voted down, 26 or 26
to 16 or 17, voting to lay on the table after the
motion had been voted down in like manner,
voting to indefinitely postpone after the motion
had been voted down onee and again.
Sir, I should be happy to think that those
assurances then given were destined to bring
forth the fruit of performance. The exhibi-
tion here to-night leads me to believe that the
challenge of my colleague had too much found-
ation. It leads me to believe that it is the
purpose of the ronjority here by one contriv-
ance and another to exhaust what remains of
this session for the purpose of forcing an
extra session. We have heard, in the Way that
we hear of most of the events transpiring
beyond our ocular observation, of a resolu-
tion come to at a certain convention elsewhere
or in gome wing of it that Congress was not
to adjourn until certain acts had been passed ;
among them the Ku Klux act, so called ; among
them the bayonet bill, so called. I do not
doubt the general truth of those rumors. I
think it very likely from the manner in which
that convention was made up, from the man-
ner in which it was constituted, from the
manipulations which produced it throughout
the country, that any instructions sent from
this center to that convention would be
reechoed and sent back here with the utmost
fidelity. But it really occurs to me that it is
not precisely the dignified course, it is not
precisely the course called for by the public
interests, for the American Senate to receive
its instructions from such a body. It is not
exactly the thing for the American Senate, at
the beck of a body unknown to the law, to
insist lipon a policy here which is not only in
violation of all our understanding, but is in
direct violation of the rule under which we
have been acting and the only effect of whieh
is, as the majority well know, to compel the
consumption of the remainder, or nearly the
remainder of the session, in a discussion upon
the amendment thus sprung upon the Senate
in a manner so unbecoming in every respect.
There are a great many things I should like
to say, but I shall reserve them for a subse-
quent period of the debate. It is very evident
that this amendment of the Senator from Lou-
isiana is certain to give rise to a great deal of
debate. It cannot pass without many efforts
to amend it in several essential particulars.
As the Senate is aware, when the bill for
which this is meant to be a substitute, or the
place of which it is designed to take doubtless,
was before the Senate, it excited much discus-
sion. 1 do not think it will excite less now.
1 need not say I regret it. We have been sin-
cere from the beginning in our protestations
that we desired an early adjournment of Con-
gress. For one, sir, I do not hesitate to sym-
pathize in that widespread feeling of appre-
hension, certainly of solicitude, for every day
that the session of this Congress is continued.
Wo understand how much danger there is to
great principles of government in the contin-
uance of this body here, tending more and
more every day into the heats of a presiden-
tial election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
California will give way, it is manifest to me
that there is no quorum of the Senate present,
and I think so important a bill as this ought
not to be disposed of with-less than a quorum
of the Senate present. I will therefore move
an adjournment if the Senator will yield the
floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will end my sentence
in a moment.
■I say, sir, we have been sincerely for an
early adjournment. I do not think that cer-
tain members of the majority have been, I do
not think they are now, for an early adjourn-
ment. I do not impeach motives. I judge by
their actions; and I repeat, the introduction
of this amendment in such a manner now in
the expiring hours of the session, when every-
body knew that it was certain to meet with
opposition and discussion, is the strongest
proof of what I say.
I will now give way to the Senator from Illi-
nois if he wishes to make a motion.
Mr. TEUMBULL. It is near eleven o'clock,
and it is apparent on looking around the
Chamber that there is no quorum here. I
think we had better take another day for this
bill. Perhaps the Senate will come together
to-morrow iu a temper that will enable us to
take action so that we may adjourn on Mon-
day. I do not myself want to be kept up all
through the night if I can avoid it. I move
that the Senate adjoarn.
Mr. BOREMAN. We had better have the
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to state On be-
half of the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Sprn-
ceb] that he stated to me that he had paired
with one of the Opposition Senators. He
would vote against the adjournment.
The question being taken by yeas and rtays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West. Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Nor-
wood, Ransom, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers,
and \Vest—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Boreman, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Conklmg, Corbett, Edmunds,-
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
.Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Sum-
ner, and Wilson—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Clayton, Cragin, Davis of
Kontucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut. Ferry of
Michigan, Gilbert, (toldthwaite, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Osborn,
Patterson, Ramsey, Rice, Schurz, Spencer, Win-
dom, and Wright—27.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President', I -shall
not speak upon this amendment. I have never
seen it until this instant. I do not know how
it was printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes, sir; I shall speak
on that. That is the point I am coming to.
I was only giving a reason why I shall not
speak on the amendment itself, because you
might expect me to speak on that amendment.
I shall not speak on the amendment, not ouly
because the question now is on the indefinite
postponement of the bill, but because I have
had no time to examine the amendment. I
observe that it is printed, I think in the type
of the Government Printing Office, but I
believe there has been no order of the Senate
to print it. I have seen none, nor has it been
introduced or any motion made to have it
printed. I suppose, of course, there is some
good reason for its being done iu this way. I
hope, however, if it is printed in this way
without an order, it is not paid for by the
Government. I trust the Committee on
Printing will look after that. But 1 was going
to speak of this rule.
Mr. President, there never has been any
rulein the Senate of the United States re-
quiring that an amendment should be germane
to the bill. ' There is no such parliamentary
rule, and there is- no rule of the Senate, let
me remind the Chair, which requires a Senator
to be pertinent and germane. Both of those
matters are trusted to the discretion of Sena-
tors, and it is presumed they will not exercise
that discretion improperly. There is not and
never has been, I repeat, a rule in the Senate
confining Senators to amendments which are
germane, and there is no rule either control-
ling or limiting debate, so that it is respectful
and proper. But in Order to facilitate busi-
ness at the close of the session, for the bene-
fit of a majority of the Senate, for their con-
venience, as a public and patriotic duty the
minority of this body voluntarily submitted to
have themselves bound. It was provided that
debate should be limited to five minutes. But
no Senater on this side Of the Chamber, and
very few Senators on the other, would have
voted to limit debate to -five minutes. I can
speak of Senator after Senator on the other
side of the Chamber, thin as their seats now
are at this time of night, who never would
have voted to limit debate to five minutes if
you had not introduced this other principle,
this saving clause, that nothing should be put
upon, an appropriation bill that was not ger-
mane to the bill. You did that deliberately.
You appealed to the minority, you appealed
to yourselves; you said, "Never, never will
we gag the Senate; never will we deny you
