2576'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
bonds of the precise character provided- for
by the law of 1871, why is it that this com-
pany is unable to do so? What are the im-
pediments? What new difficulty has arisen?
If there is not something that the company
desires which has not yet been stated, it does
seem to me that there is no necessity at all for
the passage of this bill. If you will read the
section to which the honorable Senator from
California alluded, it seems to me it gives all
the authority and power, so far as it has been
developed, that the company should need.
The fourth section of the act says:
That the said Texas Pacific Railroad Company
shall have power and lawful aufchoiity to purchase
the stock, land grants, franchises, and appurten-
ances of, and consolidate on such terms as may be
agreed upon between the parties, with any railroad
company or companies heretofore chartered by con-
gressional, State, or territorial authority, on the
route prescribed m the first section of this act.
That law gives the authority to consolidate
with any companies heretofore authorized.
This amendment, if it should not be amended,
auihori7.es them to consolidate with companies
that may hereafter acquire land grants. If that
is not the object, then this amendment ought
not to be adopted ; and they may conform in
that respect with the existing law.
But there may be another purpose in it.
The old law requires these consolidations to
be made with companies along the line named
in the law; that is, from the eastern to the
western terminus. Now, it may be that this
company desires to consolidate with some
other railroads located elsewhere, roads hav-
ing connections further east or further north
or further south. If this is the object, let it
be developed, let the Senate know precisely
what this company wants, and, if it is right, I
have no doubt the Senate will grant it. If
they merely want to consolidate with other
companies lying along the line of the road
from the point named in Texas to the point
named on the Pacific coast, it does seem to
me they have the power in the law that I have
read. The very tiling that they ask to have
authority to do is granted in that law. What
else do they want? If it is not authority to
consolidate with companies whose roads lie
elsewhere, and to secure grants of land here-
after to be made, why is this portion of the
pending bill before the Seriate?
Mr. President, there are some other fea-
tures of this bill that strike me as a little
strange--—
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to call the Senator's
attention (and I do it the more freely because
he is a member of the committee that, reported
this bill, and could give the information as well
as anymemberof the committee) to the fact—
and it is a fact which he can hardly have for-
gotten—that an amendment proposed by the
committee on the fourth page meets the very
question which he has put; and that is to insert
the words " on the line authorized by the ori-
ginal act," which confines the power of con-
solidation to the very territory which he says
it ought to be confined to. Certainly the Sen-
ator is aware of the fact that a member of the
committee was directed to propose that amend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very much obliged
to the honorable Senator for reminding me
that I am a member of the committee, and
thatpeihaps renders it, proper for me to say
that J had not the good fortune to be present
when this bill was reported by the committee,
nor when it was originally considered. It has
since, however, been considered for a few
minutes informally in the committee when the
bill was not properly before it, and the sug-
gestion was made by the committee that some
member of the committee should move to
amend the bill in the particular that the hon-
orable Senator indicates. But that does not
obviate the point under discussion at this
time. The amendmeut proposed is to strike
out that part of this bill which would enable
this company to procure lands hereafter to be
granted. That was not in the original law.
This, then, is a proposition to put something
in the bill that is not in the law. Is there any
propriety in it ? Is there any necessity for it?
Ifthereis a necessity for it, let it be developed ;
let us know what company it is in embryo that
is hereafter to be spoken into life by some
future legislation either of Congress or of
some State or Territory.
The honorable Senator from Texas says
that he fears that if this phraseology is not
put in for the purpose, it at least will enable
this company or some other company that
may hereafter purchase this road to buy up
the school lands of that State with the bonds
that are to be issued under this bill now pend-
ing. If those apprehensions are well founded,
it is a good reason for scanning every phrase
in this bill very narrowly, and putting no more
in the bill than is really necessary to enable
this company to proceed and do the work con-
templated by the existing law. If there are
defects in the law, and the company is unable
to proceed under the law to build the road, a
work that is very desirable, then of course
every member of this body ought to be willing
to remove the defects. The only detect named
thus far is that under the old law provision is
made for two kinds of bonds, construction
bonds and land grant bonds ; and that, it is
said, or is supposed by the Senator from
Indiana, is an impediment to construction of
the road. It was not an impediment so far
as I have heard with other roads. Some two
thousand miles of road from Omaha to Sacra-
mento have been built under just such a law,
and the company issued the two kind of bonds.
Mr. SCOTT. With the exception, the hon-
orable Senator will permit me to suggest to
him, that that road had so many thousand dol-
lars per mile in the bonds of the United States
given to it upon which it could construct the
road. This road has none—must raise its
money upon its own securities.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 am aware of that, and I
am obliged to the Senator for naming it; but
that does not touch the particular point under
discussion of two kinds of bonds. They issued
their construction bonds and issued their land
grant bonds, and sold the two in the market.
The second road to which 1 have referied was
entitled to some bonds from the Government
of the United States to aid in the construction
of the eastern end of its line, but it built some
four or five hundred miles over the most diffi-
cult part of the line without any bonds from
the Government, of the United States, with a
land grant alone.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to ask the Senator
a question for information.
Mr HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE I ask whether that company
did issue its construction bonds and its land
grant bonds as a matter of choice, or was it a
matter ttf compulsion under the law ?
Mr. HARLAN. I never heard of any dif-
ficulty on the subject, and am, therefore, un-
able to answer correctly the interrogatory of
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin. That
they sold the bouds, raised the money, built
the road, is a fact demonstrated by history.
The road has been built and is in use, and I
never heard of any impediment growing out
of the fact to which the Senator lias referred.
Hence, I do not think that that, is the only rea-
son for the presence of this bill nor the chief
reason. If that were the only reason, I do not
believe the company would have come before
Congress at- this time for an amendment of
the law passed only a year ago.
There is another provision of the bill which
seems to me to throw light, on this point. It
is found on the third page :
Provided, That the aforesaid bonds and the
' authorized capital stock, or the proceeds thereof
j shall be applied only for the purpose ot securing the
| construction, operation, and equipment of the con-
! templated railroad line—
j So far it is nearly a copy of the provision of
| the old law. Under the old law they are
i authorized to use these bonds for the purpose
of constructing and equipping and operating
the line of road named in the law from Mar-
shall, Texas, to San Diego, oil the Pacific
coast. It seems something more is needed
now, and that I suppose i3 hinted at, although
not very clearly stated, in the following
phrases:
Under contracts with such parties, and on such
terms and conditions as said company may deem
needful, and for the further purpose of purchase, con-
solidation, completion, equipment, andoperating of
other roads, as contemplated by said act, and for
the expenses necessary and incident to the works
authorised thereby.
I do not know what all that means. Here it
is clear that they are authorized to sell these
bonds and use the proceeds of them for some
other purpose than the construction and com-
pletion of the road named in the existing law,
from Marshall, Texas, to the Pacific coast, on
or near the thirty-second parallel. Whether
it is clearly stated in this phraseology or not, I
do not know, but here it evidently is contem-
plated that they shall be authorized to pur-
chase some road or roads:
And for the further purpose of purchase, consol-
idation, completion, equipment, and operation of
other roads.
It is true the phrase follows, " as contem-
plated by said act.". Now, whether that
would confine them to the construction, the
completion, the equipment, and operation of
a line from Marshall, Texas, to Sau Diego, in
California, is a question ior lawyers to decide.
It does seem to me that there may be a pur-
pose in this, or it may be so construed, if there
be no such purpose in the mind of the party
that drew it, as would enable this company to
sell the prospective land granted under the
law of 1871, apply the proceeds to the pur-
chase of other railroads and their equipment
and operation, and permit them (without a
violation of the charter or the loss of a single
dollar of property) to abandon the whole work,
to abandon the entire line from Marshall to
San Diego. They may put in every dollar of
these bonds, as far as I can see, after having
read with some care the oid law and this bill,
if this bill shall become a law, without build-
ing a mile of the main line of road i'or which
the old law was passed.
I suppose this was not the purpose of any
member of the committee nor of the party,
whoever he may have been, that framed the
bill; but it is so loosely drawn that it does
seem to me that very few are able to compre-
hend its specific scope. If it is not the inten-
tion to enable them to hypothecate these lands
and raise money on the bonds to buy up other
railroads, then change the phraseology, say so
at once ; but take this provision in connection
with theamendment nowpending, and itseems
to me it will show its pertinence. If it is the
purpose to buy up some other roads or land
grants that have been made or shall be here-
after made, and to buy them with the bonds
that shall be issued under this act, the amend-
ment perhaps ought to be adopted, this phrase
ought to be kept in. Then we put them in a
condition to be able to buy all future grants,
all the grants that may hereafter be made by
Congress or by a State or by a Territory, or which
may possibly be acquired by a consolidation
with some other railroad company. We ought
to know precisely what we are called ou to do.
If there is some other railroad with which
this railroad desires to consolidate, and ff it
is necessary to have the consent of Congress
for such consolidation, name the road. Let
us know where it lies. Let us vote for this
bill with eyes wide open. Let us specify in
the law the thing to be done and the manner
of doing it.
There is one other provision in the law
of 1871, that 1 suppose may have been found
onerous, and I will call attention to that as
I am on my feet. It is the twentieth sec-
tion of the act, found in the sixteenth volume
of the Statutes at-Large, page 579 :
" That it shall not be lawful for any of the direct-
ors, either m their individual capacity, or as mem-
