732
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 22,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. That this act shall take effect and
be in force from, and after its passage.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. CLXXXV.—An Act to grant an Ameri-
can Register to the Hawaiian Bark "Flor-
ence."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
issue an American register to the American-
built Hawaiian bark "Florence," wrecked in
the waters of the United States, purchased
and repaired, and now owned by citizens of
San Francisco, California: Provided, That it
shall be proved, to the satisfaction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, that the repairs put
upon said vessel were equal to three-fourths
of the cost of the said vessel when so re-
paired.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. CLXXXVI.—An Act to authorize the
City of Buffalo, New York, to Construct a
Tunnel under Niagara river, and to erect
and maiutain a Inlet-Piertherefrom, for the
purpose of supplying the City of Buffalo
with pure Water.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, it shall and may be
lawful for the city of Buffalo, in the State of
New York, to constructand maintain a tunnel
under Black Rock harbor and Niagata river,
extending not more than seven hundred feet
outside of Bird Island pier, and to erect and
maintain an inlet-pier theiefrom, said inlet-
pier to be located not more than seven hun-
dred feet outside of said Bird Island pier.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. CLXXXVIT.—An Act to enable the
City of Denver to purchase certain Lands
in Colorado for a Cemetery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the mayor of the
city of Denver, in Colorado Territory, be, and
he is hereby, authorized to enter through the
proper land office, at the minimum price per
acre, the following lands belonging to the
United States, to wit: the northwest quarter
of the southwest quarter of section number
one, and the southwest quarter of of the south-
east quarter and the north half of the south-
east quaiter of section number two, in town-
ship number four south, of range number
sixty-eight west of thesixlh principal meridian
in the Territory of Colorado, being one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, lying adjacent to
said city of Deuver, to be held and used for a
burial-place for said city and vicinity.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. CLXXXV1II.—An Act authorizing ihe
Construction of a Public Building at Fall
River, in the State of Massachusetts.
Be it enacted by the. Senate, and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 1 hat the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and lie is hereby, authorized and
directed to purchase at private sale, or by
condemnation, in pursuance of the statutes of
the State of Massachusetts, a lot of ground in
the city of Fall River, Massachusetts, suitable
for a site for a public building in said city, for
the accommodation of the post office, custom-
-house, and other offices of the United States,
and to erect a builcfmg thereon, at a cost not
exceeding, including the cost of the ground,
the sum of two hundred thousand dollars, the
plans for said building to be approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Postmaster
General: Provided, That no money which
may hereafter be appropriated for this pur-
pose shall be used or expended until a valid
title to the ground for the site of said building
shall be vested in the United States, and until
the State of Massachusetts shall cede its juris-
diction over said site, and shall also duly re-
lease and relinquish to the United States the
right to tax, or in any way assess, said site, or
the property of the United States that may be
thereon during the time that the United States
shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. CLXXXIX.—An Act to confirm the
Action of the Board of Aldermen and Com-
mon Council of the City of Washington,
designating a Depot Site for the Baltimore
and Potomac Railroad Company, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company shall have the
right to extend its track from Virginia avenue
along Sixth street to the open grounds between
Sixth street and B street nortti and the canal,
desciibed as follows: beginning at the south-
west corner of Sixth street and B street north,
runuiug west one hundred and fifty feet along
B street; thence south eight hundred and
two feet to the present line of the canalthence
e.ist one hundred and fifty feet to the line of
Sixth street; thence north by line of Sixth
street to the place of beginning ; and the said
company shall, so far as the United States
can so provide, have the right to hold, use,
and occupy the said grounds for the purpose
of constructing thereon a passenger depot, to
be used by the said company for passenger and
express-freight traffic, and for no other pur-
poses ; and the said property so occupied by
said company, together with the improvements
which may be put thereon, shall be subject to
tax by the District of Columbia the same as
other property in the District of Columbia,
and to be used exclusively for the support of
the public schools in said District; and the
said company shall lay no more than two
tracks along said Sixth street', and as near as
practicable in the centre of said street, and as
close together as practicable for the traffic and
trains to pass over them. The rails used for
that purpose shall be constructed as flat rails,
like those used by street railways, so as to
facilitate wagon and carriage travel over the
same, and the tracks and the space between
the same shall be kept paved with some suit-
able material by said company, and it shall
also pave, with proper material, at least two
feet outside of said track ; and upon the open-
ing of a cariiage-road thiough the public
reservation and crossing Sixth street, the said
company shall be, and is hereby, required to
construct, at its own cost and expense, a hand-
some iron bridge of ample width and height
to enable small carriages to pass over the said
street freely and without danger, in such man-
ner and at such place as the officers or other
persons charged with the duty of opening the
reservations or eonnectingthe same as a public
park shall direct; and the said company shall
then adapt the grade of said tracks to that
which at any lime may be determined upon by
the Board of Public Works, or other authority
having the control of grades of said Sixth
street. Such changes of grade, however, shall
not be made as will practically interfere with
or destroy the use of said depot by the regular
trains of said company : Prodded, That the
said company shall pay the owners of private
property along the line of Sixth street, north
of Virginia avenue by which the said railroad
passes, any damage which the said property
may sustain by reason of the laying of its
track along the said Sixth street, and the said
damages, if any, shall be ascertained in man-
ner and form as provided by the act of Con-
gress approved February fifth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, entitled "An act to
authorize the extension, construction, and use
of a lateral branch of the Baltimore and
Potomac railroad into and within the District
of Columbia," it being understood that the
question of damage herein referred to shall be
confined to the question of appreciation and
depreciation of the value of the property situ-
ated along said street: And provided also,
That the said railroad shall pay all damages
for which the ci[y of Washington, or the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or the United States may
be liable to private parties now occupying the
site herein described and growing out of their
being required to remove their property from
the same and surrender their right of occu-
pancy, and shall obtain possession at their
own cost: And provided farther, That while
trains are moving to and from Virginia avenue,
along Sixth street and said depot, the said
railroad cotnpauy shall keep flagmen at tiie
several street-crossings to warn people of dan-
ger: and all provisions of the board of alder-
men and common council of the city of Wash-
ington not inconsistent herewith are hereby
ratified: Provided further, That the act of
Congress approved March third, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, granting a site for a
passenger depot to said railroad company upon
Virginia avenue is hereby repealed, to take
effect when said company obiains possession
of the depot property on Sixth street, as
described in this act; and no passenger or
other depot shall be constructed by said com-
pany on said site: And provided further,
That the United States, by act of Congress,
shall have the right to repeal or mod ly ihe
provisions of this act: And provided further,
That the tracks of said company shall turn
out of Sixth street and enter the said depot
with suitable curvature at the south end
thereof; and the said depot shall not extend
beyond B street north, nor shall the tracks
ever extend beyond said B street north.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. CXCIir.—An Act to remove Political
Disabilities imposed by the Fourteenth Arti-
cle of the Amendments of the Constitution
of the United States.
Beitenaated by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled (two thirds of each House
concurring therein), That all political disabil-
ities imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendments of the Constitu-
tion of the United States are hereby removed
from all persons whomsoever, except Senators
and Representatives of the Thirty-Sixth and
Thirty-Seventh Congresses, officers in the judi-
cial, military, and naval service of the United
States, heads of Departments, and foreign
ministers of the United States.
Approved, May 22, 1872.
Chap. CXCIV.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Consular and Diplomatic ser-
vice of the Government for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, and for other purposes.
Beitenactedby the Senate and FTovse of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for
the service of the fiscal year ending the thir-
tieth of Juue, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, out of any money in the Tieasury not
otherwise appropriated, forthe objects herein-
after expressed, namely:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary and
