1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2577
bers of an incorporated or joint stock company, to
make any contracts or agreements with the said
Texas Pacific Railroad Company for the construc-
tion, equipment, or running of its road, or to have
any interest therein; and all such contracts or
agreements are hereby declared nul! and void, and
all money or property received undersuch contracts
or agreements may be recovered back for the benefit
of the company by any stockholder."
While I am on the subject I will call atten-
tion to the provision of this bill on that point.
It provides that this company " may contract
with such parties and on such terms and con-
ditions as said company may doom needful."
I dwell on this with the more liberty from this
consideration, and the Senate will see that I
am right when I name it: this law of 1871
was prepared with great care. The commit-
tee sat day after day in considering its every
provision, and they attempted to guard in
framing that law against some of the evils
that, were found to exist under the law pro-
viding for the construction of the Union Pa-
cific road. One of those evils was found to
be that under that law the company had
authority to make contracts with its own offi-
cers. Under another name the president,
vice president, and directors formed a con-
struction company, secured some kind of a
corporate authority, and made a contract with
the Union Pacific Railroad Company to build
the road, as some people think, at outrageous
prices.
Some people think that the margin between
the real cost of that road and the contract price
enabled these directors to amass fortunes at
the expense of the stockholders. The men
placed over the funds subscribed by the stock-
holders, their trustees, made contracts with
themselves for the disbursement of the money,
and, as some people think, at outrageous
prices, by means of which they amassed for-
tunes at the expense of the stockholders.
Now, to guard against the possibility of such
an evil in this ease, the Committee on the
Pacific. Railroad frame that section with some
care, with a view of compelling the officers of
this company to act in their true capacity of
persons standing in trust for others, as guard-
ians of the money placed in their hands for the
construction of a specific work ; but if this bill
shall he passed, it will, as I suppose, wipe out
that provision. It may be that parties who
are privy to the drafting of this bill had that
object in view. They may want to make con-
tracts with themselves to build this road. They
may have a fancy that directors of other rail-
road companies have amassed fortunes in this
way ; and that if it was right for others to
do so it would be right for them.
In view of these facts, is it strange that
members of this body are a little surprised at
the provisions of this bill, when no member
of the Senate has stated any substantial rea-
son for recasting the existing law? If there
is a real defect in the charter as it now stands
on the statute-books, let it be stated, and then
let this bill be framed so as to meet that de-
fect and cure it. If there is no defect in the
law, if Congress has granted in that law all it
intended to grant and all it ought to grant to
a company for the construction of this partic-
ular road, then this bill ought to be indefi-
nitely postponed. If some material power has
been omitted, the omission of which proves
to be a stumbling-block in the way of the com-
pany, if they are unable to proceed, then
amend it. But if it is merely to enlarge their
powers for the purpose of acquiring greater
dominion, greater scope of authority to build
roads elsewhere, then it is due to every mem-
ber of this body that the objects be named,
that the road or roads with which they desire
to consolidate should be mentioned and named
in the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me at this point, and it will not
inter'upt him, I should like to make an inquiry
of him, as he is a member of the committee.
Mr. HARLAN. It is no interruption.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the ques-
42d Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 162.
tion also because the Senator knows the rela-
tion of other transcontinental railways. Tak-
ing the provision on which the Senator has
commented, on the second page, fourteenth
line, "or may hereafter be made," putting the
interpretation he does upon it, that relates to
future grants now; I ask whether this com-
pany might not acquire the land grant to the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad? The Senator
is aware that by the act of 1866 the Atlantic
and Pacific railway is to proceed on the thirty-
fifth parallel and reach nearly the same point
at the boundary of California, with a land
grant of some forty-six million acres. I do not
know what portion of it is in the Territories,
but the whole land grant is about that sum.
Now, what is there to prevent, upon these
terms, the union of these two companies, and
so the acquisition of both land grants with one
road?
Mr. HARLAN. I understand the honor-
able Senator's question, and will take great
pleasure in answering it. In reply I would
say that I have no doubt that under the bill
as it was printed the company could consol-
idate with the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad
Company as well as with any other company.
They are not restricted to any particular com-
pany; but I suppose, in order to do this, they
would have probably to diverge from the line
originally intended and build into it or build
some plug road into it, so as to meet the re-
quirements of the law of 1871. 1 am quite
sure that it is not the intention of any member
of the committee to permit this company to
diverge materially from the line named in the
old law. As the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania bas already stated that some* mem-
ber of the committee, perhaps the honorable
Senator himself, was directed to present an
amendment confining this company in the
construction of its road to the old line, I
do not apprehend the contingency that the
honorable Senator from Maine refers to.
In a measure as important as this I do not
think it would be unreasonable for any mem-
ber of this body to ask to have the amend-
ments presented and printed in the positions
in the bill that the committee have intended
they should be placed, in order that he may
be able to see the effect of the whole bill if
these amendments should be adopted, and I
am inclined to favor on that account the sug-
gestion made by the honorable Senator from
Texas that at least the amendments should be
presented and printed and the bill recom-
mitted, or that it go over until the Senate can
see the effect of the proposed amendments.
Mr. STEWART obtained the floor.
Mr. PATTERSON. It is quite important
that there should be a short executive session
this afternoon, in order that we may confirm
two nominees for the council of this District.
They meet on Monday, and there is not a
quorum. They cannot organize unless we can
confirm them.
The VICE^ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. This road is a very im-
portant enterprise, and it should be encour-
aged and facilitated. The western end will
have no business immediately. The building
of fifty miles a year there is more than any
company will undertake to do. We would
rather have something done on the other end
and a less amount done on the western end
than have no road at all. That is the way
those who are interested in it feel about it.
The people do not want this project to fail, and
one necessity for legislation is to relieve the
company from the requirement of building
fifty miles a year on the west end.
The restrictions in the act were very well
for a road built with a Government subsidy,
that got a large grant of bonds as the Union
Pacific did, under which they made a pool
known as the Cr6d.it Mobilier, and made con-
tracts with themselves ; but in order that this
road should be built, the individuals who pro*
jected it have put their own money in it, and
they ask just what is usual with corporations,
that they may use their own money when they
have it. It is necessary that somebody should
take hold of this and put money in it and give
it a start; but, as the law now stands, those
who do so are unable to control their own
money or make any contracts as to the man-
agement of it, or send any trustees to make
contracts for the company and build the road
as other companies do. If the trustees them-
selves made a pool and used the money of the
stockholders, of course they would be liable to
the parties injured ; but to say that a man
who had a contract shall not be an officer of
the company when they are managing their
own money, is idle; and nothing can be done
under such a law.
No land can be obtained from the Govern-
ment until a very large amount of money is
spent. From the terminus in Texas they have
to build six or seven hundred miles before
they will get any Government land. Why put
restrictions on their proceedings there? On
the.western end they have to construct some
two hundred miles before they will get land,
because it is a desert. They are not going to
make these speculations with the money of
the Government, but it will be with the money
they put, in themselves; and I do not see why
they should not be allowed to make almost
any arrangement they find it possible to make
in order to construct this road. If they do
not construct the road, if they do not put
money in it themselves, they will get nothing
out, and the contractors will get nothing out,
and what they get from the Government of
the United States will not come until after
they have put in five times the value of it in
their own money so as to get to a point where
they can reach any Government lands, and
then they get very little.
I do not think the bill as it is would be dan-
gerous at all. Although I was not, present
when the bill was reported, still I am desirous
of having some amendments that shall con-
fine this power of combination to roads along
the original line; and we have agreed to amend
it so that they shall not go outside to form
combinations, but shall confine their organ-
ization to those that are along the line.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Allow me to
ask a question.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I ask if one
of the amendments pending now is not to take
the road off the line of thirty-two degrees, a
degree north, to carry it through the town of
Dallas, Texas, which is in about the thirty-
third degree of latitude?
Mr. STEWART. No; we propose to con-
fine it before we get through to the original
line, and that their power to combine shall be
confined to the line.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But by the fifth
section this company is authorized to consol-
idate with the Grand Tower and San Diego
Pacific Railroad Company, which does run in
the neighborhood of Dallas.
Mr. STEWART. That is a connecting
link with a road that runs east, rather than
anything else. It does not run-on the main
line; it is to come in and run east so as to
give an eastern connection. That is what the
Senator from Arkansas has been contending for
for the last year or two, to get connection
with the Arkansas roads; and the Louisiana
roads want a connection ; and it is very proper
that they should have these connections.
But as to the power of combination, the com-
mittee intend and are willing to have any
amendment that shall confine the combination
to this particular line.
Now, what lands can they get on this par-
ticular line? I want to know what land can
be mortgaged to anybody on this particular
line ? Have land grants been made on this
line ? They are not allowed to form a com-
bination with any road off the line. Now,
