1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8478
body to administer such a fund justly. Every
lawyer will recognize the force ot that at once.
So, Mr. President, I should be obliged to
vote against this proposition whether it re-
ferred the matter to the Court of Claims or to
the Secretary of the Treasury, unless it pro-
vided for bringing all the parties before them.
But as between the Court of Claims and the
Secretary of the Treasury, I must say that I
think the Court of Claims is safest, simply be
cause of the forms of its procedure, not that
I distrust the character of the distinguished
gentleman at the head of the Treasury De-
partment, not that I have not as much con-
fidence in his character as I have in the char-
acter of any of those on the bench of the
Court of Claims, but simply because it is im-
possible from the modes of procedure recog-
nized in the Treasury Department that such
business should be done as safely there as it
is done in the Court of Claims.
Mr. ALCORN. Air. President, when I
yielded the floor yesterday, it was with a hope
that the vote could be taken on the report of
the conference committee without further
debate. I had no disposition to debate the
question, for- it occurred to me that the ex-
planation of the honorable chairman, with the
report itself, made the matter so very plain as
to remove all doubt as to the justice of the
report. There is but one point upon which
there is an issue on the report, and that is the
one in regard to the substitute of the House
for the Morrill amendment, all other adjudica-
tions of the committee being, by common con-
sent, concurred in. I suppose that the report
itself was so plain, so distinct., of such unques-
tioned propriety, that there would not be a
single Senator upon this floor who would
objfCt to its adoption at once, and without
debate.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Shermax,]
however, declared that with the objection he
had to it he could not agree to it; and his
principal objection was that this question had
not been before the Senate, that it was a
surprise. I am amazed at the obliviousness
of the honorable Senator from Ohio. This
question has been before the country and
both Houses of Congress for the last two or
three years. In truth from the time w.hen the
rebellion was suppressed, when peace was
declared, at the first meeting of Congress
thereafter, and ever since, the question of
cotton and cotton claims has been one of
grave interest before Congress, and before the
country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi will please suspend. The
morning hour has expired, and the bill (S. No.
656J to extend the provisions of the fourth
section of the act approved April 20, 1871, is
before the Senate, upon which the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] is entitled
to the floor. There is an antagonism in re-
gard to other business which the Chair will
state  
Mr. ALCORN. I will ask unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to proceed with the confer-
ence report. *
Mr. COLE. I appeal to the _ Senate to
allow the regular order to be laid aside inform-
ally until we finish this report. It will take
but a short time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the unfinished business will be in-
formally passed over without losing any of its
rights, subject to a demand for the regular
order. Is there objection ? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. CAMERON. I object.
Mr. POM ERO Y. It is very important that
we should close this conference report. It is
on the deficiency bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report of
the committee of conference on the deficiency
bill is before the Senate, subject to a demand
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—-No. 218.
for the regular order by any Senator if the
debate is a prolonged one.
Mr.COLE. I am not disposed to interfere
with the discussion, but 1 will state for the in-
formation of Senators that the necessity for
the passage ot this bill is regarded iis. very
great; the courts of the United States have
stopped in some Cases for the want of the
passage of the bill.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. It is a debatable
proposition, and debate is progressing on it.
It will be arrested by a demand for the regular
order or by a vote.
Mr. ALCORN. I do not wish, and I gave
evidence yesterday evening that I did not
desire to go into the discussion of this mat-
ter, for I yielded the floor with the hope that
the vote would'be taken without discussion 011
this question, and this is the first opportunity
I have had of obtaining the floor since that
time. But I am not willing that the Senate
shall take the vote upon the representations
that have been made with regard to the fea-
tures of this conference report. Twelve mouths
ago, in the last Congress, the question of these
claims was referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee of the House of Representatives. It was
referred to that committee by the House, and
that committee through its chairman reported
unanimously, and I desire to read what the
chairman said:
"Mr. Binoham. X am instructed by tho Commit-
tee on the Judicinry to report back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, tlie jointresolutiou(U-
R. No. 340) aulhori/.uiff tho Secretary of tho Treas-
ury to pay certain cotton otaims. tho not proceeds
of which are at present covercd into tho Treasury,
arising l'roiu the sales of cotton unlawfully seized
alter the 30lh Jane, 1SG5.
" The joint resolution was read. The preamblo re-
cites that the Secretary of tho Treasury of tile Uni-
ted States issued a, circular letter of instructions,
bearing date June 27.1805. in which United Stutes
Treasury agents were forbidden to seize any cotton
after the StHh June. 18(>5. The joint resolution there-
fore directs the Secretary of tlio Treasury, without
delay, to pay to tho lawful owners the net proceeds
of nil cotton at present covered into the Treasury
arising: from the sales of cot ton seized after SOth June,
1865, such seizures being made in violation of the
injunctions of the Treasury Department, and after
the surrender of tho armies of the rebellion and
proclamation of amnesty by the President of the
United States."
This was the report that was made by the
chairman of the Judiciary Commit lee in the
House of Representatives twelve months ago,
and a like report was ma le at the present ses-
sion. Early in the session, in the month of
February, the Senator from Texas introduced
into the Senate a bill proposing to restore the
proceeds of this cotton in the terms set forth
in the report of the Judiciary Committee of
the House of Representatives. In the debate
on the Morrill amendment the question came
up, and the proposition was moved by myself
as an amendment to the MoiriU amendment,
and it was discussed by the Senate, and no
Senator in his place asserted for one moment
that the Government of the United States had
the slightest claim to this property. ,
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives is not the report of the conference
committee. The amendment of blie House of
Representatives was more full, more just,.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was to require the Secretary of tho
Treasury to pay over to the claimants the pro-
ceeds of all cotton seized after the 30thof June,
1865, in violation of law; but, the amendment
of the conference committee comes m and
says not only that it shall have been seized in
violation of law, but that it shall have been
seized in violation of the instructions of the
Treasury Department. It is known to be the
fact that cotton belonging to citizens, on which
the Government had no rightful claim, was
under a misapprehension seized at the sugges-
tion of interested agents, upon orders pro-
cured by them from the Treasury Department.
All such cotton, or the proceeds, the House
amendment would have given to the owner ;
but, sir, the conference committee, adopting
the suggestions of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, has cut it off. It tnugt now appear that
the cotton was not only seizad in violation of
law, but also in violation of the order of tie
Secretary of the Treasury, before it can, under
the conference report, be in any event Surren-
dered up.
Mr. POMEROY. I am sorry to call the Sen-
ator to order, but I desire to have one question
settled before we proceed farther with this
debate. I understand this to be the deficiency
bill, and the five-minntes rule applied to all
amendments to it. Tlie question now before
us is nothing but an amendment to the defi-
ciency bill, and I think thefive-tninut.es rule as
to debate applies to it. I merely desire the
decision of the Chair on that before the debate
proceeds further, because my judgment is that
the rule limit,ins debate to five minutesappjies
to this amendment.
Mr. ALCORN. If that rule is established,
I will then promise the Senate that I will not
speak longer than five minutes. But I will
await the decision of tho Chair on that point.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The ChairdoubU
whether he could so construe it by the text
of the resolution. That may have been the
intention, although it does not seem so to
appear. The Chair will read it:
" Itcsohwd, That durinsttheprosontsoxsion it ahnll
bo in order at any time to lnnvea reoess.apd, ponding
an appropriation bill, to move to confine dobate on
amendments thereto to five minutes by' any Senator
on tho pending motion."
Now, whether on the deficiency bill this five-
minutes rule applied or not, the Chair does
not now remember.
Mr. POM BUOY". It did.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But if it did
apply, the Chair thinks it must have exhausted
itself when the bill passed. It then assumed
another stage, was referred to a conference
committee, and the conference committee have
reported it back. The Chair thinks the rule
might, apply to the report of a conference com-
mit,tee on an appropriation bill, but it, would
require a specific vole of the Senate, the Chair
thinks, to apply it to this conference report.
Mr. POMEROY. It, was said to the Senate
that the question was on this specific amend-
ment, to the appropriation bill, which is an
amendment to an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was so at
a previous stage when it was pending as an
appropriation bill, but now it is a conference
report. The Chair, however, will submit the
question to the Senate if the Senator from
Kansas desires it. The Chair would doubt
himself the propriety of the Chair construing
this restrictive rule beyond its language.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to sayihat I did
not, raise the point out of any opposition to tho
Senator from Mississippi, hut only to have the
question settled. I should like, to have the
sense of the Seriate on that question.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope that, the Senator
from Mississippi will give way for me a mo-
ment until 1 can make a suggestion. When
the morning hour expired, I objected to pro-
ceeding with this business, but at the request
of several gentlemen I withdrew the objection,
upon the assurance that there would be no
debate. There was a bill assigned for to-day
at twelve o'clock which I think it very import-
ant should be disposed ol'immediately. I feel
certain, from the manner in which the debate
is proceeding on this question, that it will
occupy some hours, perhaps all day, and if I
have the right to object, and I believe I have,
[ am not willing to have the time thus occu-
pied to the exclusion of other business which
I think more important.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania states that at twelve o'clock
he objected to the further consideration of this
report as the morning hour expired, but yield-
