18T2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nasi
Precipitate, red;
Pulu;
Quick-grass root;
Quills, prepared or unprepared ;
Railroad tics, of wood;
llaians and reeds, unmanufactured;
Rennets, raw or piepared;
Resinous substances for like uses as gum -copal,
not otherwise provided far;
Root-flour;
Romii, or resin;
Saftron and safflower, and extract of;
Sailroii cake;
Sage, crude;
Sago and sago-flour;
Sahieino;
Sulep, or saloup;
Sassafras;
Sauerkraut;
bausage-skins;
Sealing-wax; _
Seeds, namely, anise, aniso star, Canary, chia,
sosnmum, and sugar-cane;
Seneca-root, crude;
Shale;
Sb ark-skins;
Snails;
Snake-root;
Soap-stocks and soap-stuffs;
Sparterre, for making or ornamenting hats and
bonnets;
Sponges;
Spunk;
Stavesacre, erude;
Saint John's beans;
Storax, or styrax ;
Stioutia, or protoxide of strontium;
Succinic a<*id ;
?ugar of milk;
Talc;
Tamarinds, erude;
Tar, Barbadoes;
Tar and pitch, (from tlie pme;)
Teaj-ela;
Terra-alba, aluminous;
Tica crude* **
Timber, round and unmanufactured.; .
Tin, in pigs, bars, or blocks, and grain-tin;.
Tin liquor, and all salts of tin, not otherwise pro-
vided for;
Tin, oxide of;
Tonquin, Tonqua, or Tonka beans;
Tripoli;
Turkish red salt;
Tyriau dye; .
Umbrella sticks, crude, to wit, all partridge, hair-
wood, pimento, orange, myrtle, and other sticks and
canes, in the rough, or no further manufactured
than out into lengths suitable for umbrella, parasol,
or sun-shade sticks or walking-canes;
Uranium, oxide of;
Vanilla beans or vanilla plants;
Venice turpentine;
Venison, venison hams and game, andgame meats
(raw or salted) ot all kinds;
Wafers*
W,..x bay or myrtle, shoemakers', Brazilian, and
Chinese; . >. , , .
Willow or ozier, crude or prepared for basket-
mnkors' use;
Yams;
Yeast-cakes;
Zaffer; „ - .
Zme, old and fit only for remanufacture.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move an
executive session.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to move an amend-
ment fur the purpose of having it pending.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 yield for
that purpose.
Mr. SCOTT. This whole bill being an
amendment, I desire, so that the Senate may
be In ought at as early a day as possible to
what will be the test question upon it, prob-
ably, to move to amend by striking out lilies
twelve and thirteen on the first page, and in-
serting between lines three and lour, on the
seventh pa^e, the words " teas of all kinds
and coffee of all kinds ; " the effect ot which
will be to make tea and coffee free.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator having
offered his amendment, I now give notice that
I will to morrow submit the general statement
of facts upon which we propose this bill. I
will now yield to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. COOPER. I would like to have a bill
taken up. T ,,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It would
not be ill order now.
Mr COOPER. I ask unanimous consent.
Mr! MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 have no
objection if unanimous consent can be ob-
tained. „T, . ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the bill ?
42d cons. 2d sess.—no. 106.
Mr. COOPER. Senate bill No. 163, for the
relief of Mrs. Martha L. House Russell.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to reserve the
right to object when I hear the bill read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (S. No. 16S)
for the relief of Mrs. Martha L. House Russell. •
Mr. WRIGHT. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After ten minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened; and (at
four o'clock and two minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 14, 1872.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ORBElt OE BUSINESS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I call for the
regular order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes.)
The regular order is the call of committees for
reports during the morning hour.
Mr. BEATTY. I desire to make a privi-
leged report.
Mr. CONNER. I want to introduce a bill for
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I insist upon
the regular order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The regular
order being insisted upon, the morning hour
now begins, at seven minutes past twelve
o'clock, and reports are in order from the
Committee of Claims.
KANSAS WAR CLAIMS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation ttiat the same do pass. House
bill No. 10G3, to reimburse the Stateof Kansas
for moneys expended for the United States in
enrolling, equipping, and provisioning militia
forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It appiopriates $337,-
054 38 to reimburse the State of Kansas for
moneys expended, amounts assumed, and dis-
bursement made by that State in enrolling,
equipping, arming, subsisting, transporting,
and paying such troops as were called^ into
service by order of the Governor of said State,
upon the requisition of Major General Curtis,
in 1864, to repel the invasion of the rebel forces
of General Price, and to carry into effect the
provisions ot an act entitled "An act to le-
imbuise the State of Kansas for moneys ex-
pended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and provisioning militia foices to
aid m suppressing the rebellion,'' approved
February 2. 1871, the said sumo! $337,054 38
belli" the amount reported due to the State of
Kansas by James A, Hardie, J. D. Bingham,
and T. H. Stanton, commissioners appointed
by the Secretary of War to examine and audit
the claims of the State, in pursuance of the
act referred to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker,
this bill is reported in pursuance of an act
passed by the last Congress entitled " An act
to reimburse the State of Kansas for moneys
expended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and provisioning militia forces to
aid m suppressing the rebellion." That act
provided for the appointment by the Secretary
of War ot three commissioners, whose duty
was to audit these claims of the State of
Kansas. The commission was duly appointed
and proceeded to do its work, it examined
these expenses of the State of Kansas in de-
tail and reported fully to the Secretary of
War the amount due the State, That report
has been printed and laid before the House.
The Committee of Claims have carefully ex-
amined the report and find it to be in strict
accordance with the law under which the
committee acted. The committee are satis-
fied that in this report full justice is done to
the Government, and hence they recommend
the passage of the bill. Unless some inquiry
shall be made, I will not occupy further the'
time of the House, but ask for the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. KERR. I was not in the House when
this bill was presented. I merely desire to
inquire whether it comes from the appropriate
committee, and is recommended by that com-
mittee?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. It is reported
from ihe Committee of Claims, and is recom-
mended by that committee unanimously.
The bill was passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOUTHERN CLAIMS COMMISSION.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, also, from the
Committee of Claims, reported back with
amendments a bill (H. R. No. 1149) to author-
ize the commissioners of claims to appoint
special commissioners to take testimony, and
for other purposes.
The bill was read. The first seetion pro-
vides the commissioners of claims shall have
authority to ap'point special commissioner^ to
take testimony, to be used in cases pending
before them, who shall have authority to ad-
minister oaths and affirmations and to take the
depositions of witnesses. The second seeiion
provides that any person who shall knowingly
and willfully swear falsely before the com-
missioners of claims, or before any special
commissioner appointed by virtue of this act,
in any matter or claim pending before the
commissioners, shall be deemed guilty of per
jury, and, on conviction thereof, shall be
punished in the same manner prescribed by
law in cases of willlul and corrupt perjury.
The third section authorizes the commission-
ersof claims to appoint anil employ agents, but
not more than three at any time, whose duty
it shall be, under the direction and authority
of the commissioners, to investigate claims
pending before them which exceed $3,000 in
amount, to procure evidence, to secure the
attendance of witnesses on behalf of the Gov-
ernment, and to examine the same, and to
cross-examine the witnesses produced by claim-
ants, and to perform such other dunes as may
be required of them by the commissioners, who
may discharge them at. any time. These agents
are to be allowed their actual and neces-sary
traveling expenses, the expenses paid out
in investigating claims, procuring witnesses,
and taking testimony, and  dull.irs
per day while employed m the di&ctiarge
of their duties; of all which, at the end of
each month, they shall make a statemeut in
detail, specifying the amounts by them paid
out, to whom paid, when and where, and for
what purpose, and the number of days em-
ployed in their duties, and shall transmit the
same duly certified to the commissioners.
The fourth section provides that the commis-
sioners may employ three additional clerks at
a salary of $l,2i)0 per year, and may employ,
at the usual rates, such assistance for the short-
hand reporter as may be necessary from time
to time in reporting, copying, and prepaung
for Congress the oral testimony taken m cases
before the commissioners. The fifth section
enacts all the expenses incurred under the pro-
visions of this act shall be allowed and paid in
