im.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
785
now go into Committee of the Whole, this bill
will be the first for consideration.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 89, noes 37.
So the motion was agreed to.
The.House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar, Mr. L. Myers in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the first and only bill on the Private Calendar.
The Clerk reported the bill, which was a bill
(H. R. No. 1338) to reimburse the College of
William and Mary, in Virginia, for property
destroyed during the war of the rebellion.
Mr. PERCE. 1 will now yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] for
twenty minutes.
Mr. HOAR. This is a very important and
interesting bill 
Mr. H'OLMAN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. Is not this objection day, and if so,
■what uumber of objections are necessary to pre-
vent the consideration of this billon this call?
The CHAIRMAN. This is objection day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does not the rule
require five objections?
The CHAIRMAN. On the second call five
objectors are required; on the first call only
one is required.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object under the
first call.
The CHAIRMAN. The Calendar will again
be called.
MLr. HOAR. I rise for the purpose of call-
ing the attention of the Chair to the fact that
the House had gone into Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar, the only bill
on the Calendar was rea<f, the gentlemanfiom
Mississippi [Mr. Perce] was recognized, aud
he was allowed to yield the floor to me ; there-
upon I addressed the Chair, was recognized in
my turn, and had proceeded with a sentence of
my remarks before the point was raised that
this is objection day. I claim that it is too
late now to object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But it had not been
announced that this was objection day, nor was
objection called for.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
objection was in time. There being, however,
but one bill on the Private Calendar, the Clerk
will report that bill again, when it will require
five objectors to-prevent its consideration to-
The Clerk accordingly reported the bill
(H. R. No. 1338) to reimburse the College of
William and Mary, in Virginia, for property
destroyed daring the war of the rebellion.
The CHAIRMAN. Are there five mem-
bers of this committee who object to the con-
sideration of this bill at this time? ■>«-
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. Mr. DAW ES, Mr.
SHELLABAHGER, Mr. FARNSWORTH.
Mr. BLAIR, Mr. CONGER, and others,
objected.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill cannot be con-
sidered to-day.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to appeal from the
decision of the Chair on the Question whether
the right, of objection obtains after i ha-d begun
mv remarks. ,,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] that bis bill is in order under the
next call on private bill day. _
Mr. HOAR. I desire to inquire whether
the bill must, when objected to a second time,
go over until another day?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be first on tie
Private Calendar when the House again goes
into Committee of the Whole oil the Invate
Calendar. _ , , .
Mr. HOAR. I ask the Chair whether that
call takes place to-day or ou some future day?
The CHAIRMAN. On some future day.
The Chair will swy to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, however, that when thel rivate
Calendar is again reached in Committee of
4'2d Cose. 2d Sess.—No. 50.
the Whole this bill will not "only he first Upon
the Calendar, but it must be considered at that
time.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to proceed with the
discussion of the bill to-day, and I appeal
from tbe decision of the Chair. I wish to call
the attention of the Chair to tie fact I had
begun mv remarks-*—
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to discus-
sion. 1
The CHAIRMAN. The gentlemah from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoak] appeals from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. DAWES. Is that question debatable? '
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair it is not.
Mr. HOAR. I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. Let the rule in
regard to objections be Tead for information.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
" On the first and fourth Friday and Saturday of
each month the Calendar of private- bills' shall be
called over, (the chairman of fcbe Committee of the-
Whole House commencing the call where he left off
the previous day,) and the hills to the passage of
which no objection shall then be made shall be first
considered and disposed ef. But when a bill is again
reached, after having been once objected to, the
committee shall consider and dispose of the same,
unless it shall be again objeeted to by at least five
members."
Mr. PERCE. 1 desire to ask a question.
When the House again goes imo Committee
of the Whole upon the Private Calendar, this
bill will come up, as I understand?
The CHAIRMAN. It will, and must then
be considered, the right of objection having
been now exhausted.
Mr. PERCE. Then I would suggest that
the appeal be withdrawn.
Mr. "HOAR. I have withdrawn the appeal.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. L. MxfeitS
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calender, having had under consid-
eration the Private Calender, had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry: is it in order to move to go again into
Committee of the Whole 011 the Private Calen-
dar, and if that motion be agreed to, will the
bill which has just been objected to be in OTder?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to go
into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar to consider that bill, because the rale
which has bten read applies to the first and
fourth Friday of each month: and the day
of the week is not changed by coming out of
committee. The intention of the rule is to give
time to the House to consider bills of this char-
acter. The motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] would be in order
to-morrow, or next Friday, Or any subsequent
Friday. The bill upon which discussion has
been had in Committee of the Whole will then
be the first on the Private Calendar, and must
be considered, the pdwer of objection upon
the two calls having now been exhausted.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimons consent
to submit an amendment to go with that bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before
the House, but in Committee of the Whole.
Reports of a private nature are still in order.
LEVI BISSELL.
Mr. L. MYERS, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1335) for
the relief of Levi Bissell; which was read a
first and second tvnoe. , .
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Commissioner of Patents to grant a rehearing
of the application of Levi Bissell lor the exten-
sion of letters-parent, granted to hun August 4
1857, for trucks for locomotives engines, upon
the testimony in said application or oil ale; ana
the Commissioner is authorized to revive and
extend the letters-patent in accordance with the
provisions of the original grant thereof,, for the
further term of seven years from and after
August 4, 1871, notwithstanding tl)e original
term for :wbich letters-patent"were granted Bad
expired, and the patentee had patented the
invention in foreign countries, arid such for-
eign patents had expired before August 4,'
1871, if, in the judgment of the Commissioner,
the patentee was the original inventor t>f the
inverition described in the letters-patent,' and
the patentee has failed, without neglect or fault
on his part, to obtain from the use and sale of
the invention a reasonable remuneration for the
time, ingenuity, labor, and expenses bestowed
upon the same and the! introduction thereof
into use ; provided that such extension of the
patent shall not affect the right of continued
use of the patented improvement by any per-
son who, since August 4, 1871 and prior to. the
approval of this act, may have procured, -and
at the time of such approval shall be using,
said patented improvement.
The SPEAKER. Before proceeding fur-
ther with this bill, the Chair desires to make a
remark touching private bills, because the case
comes up frequently. The rule enforced 'this
morning applies only to two Fridays in'the.
month, the first and the fourth Fridays, which
under the rule are objection days. The ca££
this morning was not one of frequent oc'ciir-
rence, and the bill this morning obtained the
singular advantage of being called first for a
single objection, and then again for five objec-
tions under the rule on the same day, by reason
of the fact that there was no other bill upon
the Private Calendar. It is not within the
knowledge of the present occupant of the
Chair when before any private bill was called
in the same day for one objection, and then
for five objections, as was the case on the bill
this morning. There was nothing in the rule
to prevent it. On the first call of the Calendar
one objection suffices, but on the second call
five objections are required to put a bill over.
The second call generally occurs very long
afierward, and very rarely do the two calls
occur on the same day.
Mr. DAWES. That arose from the fact
there was but one bill upon the Calendar.
The SPEAKER. Certainly. There is noth-
ing in the rule to prevent the two calls on the
same day, although the Chair is of the opin-
ion the spirit of the rule was intended to
apply to different days. The gentleman from
.Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the senior mem-
ber of the House,- can scarcely remember of
a case where the two calls took place on the
same day. , '
Mr. DAWES. I do not before to day. I he
history of the rule is a very interesting one.
There used to be from three to four hundred
private bills on the Calendar, and on objec-
tion day one member would sit in his seat
ail day and object to everything. This rule
lias been made since I have been in Congress,
Before, a single objection would prevent any
bill being taken up, and as the result of expe-
rience five objections were required on the
second call. But we never before got through
with the Calendar in one day. - .
Mr. L. MYERS. I hope the Committee on
Patents will have an extension of five minutes
for this. . ,
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. PERCE. Will it be in order for me
next Friday to move to go into Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. PERCE. Then I give notice 1 shall
make that motion. ■ _
The bill reported from the Committee on
Patents was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being^ engrossed, it was
accordinglv read t'lethirdtime, and passed.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider tha
vote by which the bill passed j &aa also
