3474
THE CONGKESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
May 15,
ed, supposing it would not give rise to any
debate, and he now demands the regular order.
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to submit a ques-
tion to the Chair. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania rose arid made his objection. He
yielded the floor to myself with the full knowl-
edge that I had something to say on the re-
port. Certainly I should not have sought the
floor unless I thought I had something to say.
Now he rises in his place while I have the
floor, which I contend he cannot do, and pro-
poses to stop me in the midst of a five-minutes
speech, for I should have finished my speech
long since if the Senator from Kansas and the
Senator from Pennsylvania had let me alone.
They rose in the midst of my speech, and are
even now detaining the Senate to hear what
I have to say on the poiut by interposing an
objection to my going forward. I ask the
Chair whether they can do so.
The VICE P-RESIDENT. The Chair will
state that when the unfinished business is
passed over subject to a demand for the regular
order by any Senator that gives the right to
any Senator to demand the regular order when
he can obtain the floor. Whether a Senator
conld then hold the floor for several hours so that
the demand for the regular order could not be
made, the Chair will not now decide. But the
Chair will decide that the Senator from Kansas
having made his point of order on the Sena-
tor's speech, he was at that time in his seat.
When a point of order is made, the Senator
occupying the floor must resume his seat until
the Chair has decided that point of order.
The Chair, however, decided it in favor of the
Senator from Mississippi, at which time the
Senator from Pennsylvania rose, the Senator
from Mississippi being in his seat, and addressed
the Chair.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask, whether, when the
point of order was decided, I was not then
entitled to the floor ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
would have been entitled to the floor, but the
Senator from Pennsylvania first claimed it
before the Senator from Mississippi claimed
it. The Senator from Mississippi, the Chair
supposes, however, is entitled to the floor.
He was taken from the floor by the poiut of
order, and lie will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. ALCORN. ' I decliue to be inter-
rupted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. CAMERON. I think when I say just
one word the Senator will hear me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi cannot be interrupted except
with his consent by parliamentary law.
Mr. CAMERON. I know that, but I am
appealing now to the Senator from Mississippi
to let me say one word by way of apology.
Mr. ALCORN. I claim the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi claims the floor, and declines
to be interrupted.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; let him go
ahead.
Mr. ALCORN. It is necessary that I
should vindicate my right to be heard here.
I wish to do so in no spirit or disposition to
place myself in violation of the courtesies of
this body. I never will do that knowingly. I
have but little more to say. The Senator
from Illinois proposes that the claimants of
this cotton shall now be transferred, graciously
permitted, he says, to go to the Court of
Claims. Up to this time they have had no
opportunity of going to the Court of Claims.
The Senator from Wisconsin, in the discussion
had upon this question some time since, de-
clared that there was no power or authority in
the claimants of this cotton to be heard iu the
Court of Claims. They have been denied the
right to be heard in the Court of Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Mississippi yield to the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. ALCORN. No, sir; I do not yield to
anybody.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wanted to cor-
rect the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi declines to yield.
Mr. ALCORN. The Court of Claims now
has docketed over six thousand cases. They
are able to dispose of about five hundred cases
a year, and the Senator from Illinois will now
graciously remit to the Court of Claims parties
whose cotton was seined without authority of
law and in violation of the instructions of the
Treasury; in the language of the conference
committee, seized and sold by the Govern-
ment seven long years since. The conference
committee then go forward and provide an
appropriation of $20,000 for the Secretary of
the Treasury to defend the Government in
the possession of money which has thus come
into the Treasury in violation of every law
that has ever been written and every code of
morals that has ever been understood or ex-
pressed by anybody.
Now it is proposed that the claimants shall
go to the Court of Claims; and when, oh when,
shall we have the cases decided if they are
sent to the Court of Claims? There are six
thousand cases now upon the docket of that
court. These parties have been held at hay
for seven longyears. The Government claims
not the property. No man has asserted that
the Government is entitled to this property.
No one will say to-day that the Government
is entitled to this property. All agree, that it
was wrongfully taken, a wrongful seizure,
which if the like had been done by any private
persons or any other than the Government
of the United States, would have been called
open and bare-faced robbery.
Sir, if the Government were to go to-day
and .seize my horse or my cotton and should
sell it and cover the proceeds into the Treas-
ury, am I to stand here for seven long years
and petition Congress to give me the proceeds
of the sale of my own property, and then at
the end of that time would you transfer me to
the Court of Claims, to be placed at the heel
of the docket, where there are six thousand
cases ahead of me ? My God, sir, do not
give these people any remedy at all rather
than send them to the Court of Claims. If
we do that, their legacy, their inheritance,
their claims will be a curse to them and their
posterity forever. Give them the money that
we wrongfully hold, or say to them that you
intend to keep it, and turn your hand upon them,
and let them go home with the knowledge in
their hearts that the Government by the strong
arm of power, and in violation of the law of
right, holds that which they have been vio-
lently deprived of.
Mr. President, I shall make but one more
remark. I desire to show the Senate how it
is that these cases are disposed of, how these
people are treated who coine here with cotton
claims. I have here an abstract from the
report of the Treasury. I wish to show how
much these people get, and whether they are
complaining justly or unjustly. llere is a
calculation made at the Treasury Department.
The gross receipts of the cotton sold were
$174,1)20 87. The actual expenses upon that
$174,020 87 worth of cotton, the Secretary of
the Treasury, Mr. McCulloch, made out to be
$44,187 26. Then he charged the claimant
of this property five per cent., not after deduct-
ing the expenses, but five per cent, upon the
gross amount, amounting to ยง8,746 04. Then
he charges as Government tax $43,730 22,
making an aggregate of $90,663 52. This was
for a thousand bales of cotton, the proceeds of
which were covered into the Treasury, although
there were eleven hundred and fifty bales
taken. The party comes here, his cotton brings
$174,920 87, and they charge him $96,633 52
expenses upon it, and pay him $78,257 35,
and he goes away with that; and it is said that
there is robbery by these fellows upon the
Treasury I
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
OltDKR OP BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now state the antagonism of business for to-
day. The bill before the Senate as the unfin-
ished business is the bill (S. No. 650) to extend
the provisions of the fourth section of the act
approved April 20, 1871, on which the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania on the right of the Chair
[Mr. Scott] is entitled to the floor; but some
days since the following order was made, the
Chair stating:
" If there be no objection, the bill alluded to by
the Senator from Pennsylvania in regard 1 o the de-
pot of the Baltimore uid Potomac Railroad Company
will bo osMgnod as a special order lor Wednesday
ncxtattwelveo'clock, subject to theunfini'ih<>d busi-
ness, and the Chair at that time will recognize the
Sonator from Pennsylvania, with the consent of tho
Senate, to move to lay on tho ta.ble whatever unfin-
ished business may then bo pending, so t.lmt a major-
ity of tho Somite may, if they desire, go on with tho
bill or may refuse to go on with it. Is there objec-
tion to tho proposition? '
" Mr. Davis, of West Virginia. No; itappoars to
be fair, und X affreo to it.
" The Vice Pkksident. The Chair hoars no objec-
tion."
The Senator from Pennsylvania on the right
of the Chair [Mr. Scott] is entitled to tho
floor upon the unfinished business; but under
the order of the Senate the Chair now recog-
nizes the Senator from Pennsylvania on the
left, [Mr. Cameron,] to move to lay it on tjie
table for the purpose of proceeding with the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Before I make that mo-
tion I wish to say a word somewhat apologetic
to the Senator from Mississippi for having
interrupted him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
must ask unanimous consent to do that. The
Chair under this order can only recognize him
to move to lay on the table the unfinished
business. The Senator from Pennsylvania
desires to make a statement in regard to the
colloquy between himself and the Senator
from Mississippi. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. CAMERON. That is always in order
I suppose. When I agreed to withdraw my
objection to the consideration of this report I
did not know that the Senator from Missis-
sippi or any other Senator was going to speak.
A Senator on the other side of the Chamber
came to me and said, " Withdraw your objee
tion for a moment so that we may have a
vote." With that view I withdrew the objec-
tion, not because 1 understood anybody was
going to debate it at all. During my service
here I do not think I have ever forgotten the
courtesy which is due, not only to a Senator,
but to a gentleman. Certainly no gentleman
would interrupt another without proper cause
when he was addressing the body, much less
would a Senator to do so. I think that much
is due from myself to tho Senator from Mis-
sissippi, for whom I have the greatest regard.
Now I make my motion to take up the
House bill relative to the depot 
Mr. ALCORN. I was going to remaik, if
the Senator will allow me 
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. ALCORN. I certainly felt it was no
discourtesy to me that the Senator made the
motion, and I trust that no Senator will re-
gard anything as coming from me, in insisting
on the floor, as discourteous. 1 had the floor;
and I proposed to occupy it, as was my right
as I conceived.
Mr. CAMERON. That was right.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to withdraw his motion for, say, fifteen
minutes.
Mr. CAMERON. I greatly prefer not.
