786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM E. WARD.
Mri L. MYERS also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1336) for
the relief of William E. Ward; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Commissioner of Patents to grant a rehearing
of the application of William E. Ward for the
extension of letters-patent, granted to him on
the 7th of October, 1856, "for improvements
in machinery for making nuts," and he is
authorized to revive and extend the letters-
patent for the further term of seven years
from and after the 17th of October, 1870, not-
withstanding the original term for which let-
ters-patent were granted had expired and the
said patentee had patented the invention in
foreign countries, and such foreign patents
had expired before the 7th of October, 1870,
if, in his judgment, the patentee was the ori-
ginal inventor of the invention described in
the letters-patent, and the patentee has failed,
without neglect or fault on his part, to obtain
from the use and sale of the invention a rea-
sonable remuneration for the time, ingenuity,
labor, and expenses bestowed upon the same,
and the introduction thereof into use; pro-
vided that any such extension of said patent
shall not affect the right to continue to use
said patented improvement of, any person
who, since the 7th of October, 1870, and prior
to the approval of this act, may have pro-
cured and at the time of such approval shall
be using said patented improvement.
Mr. S1IELLABARGER. I hope the gen-
tleman will give ua the reasons why this bill
should be passed,
Mr. L. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, 1 will do so
cheerfully. This bill grants no extension. It
is to correct the harsh operation of the twenly-
lifth section of the act of July, 1870, in regard
to patents, or rather, to speak more accurately,
it gives a remedy against a harsh construction
placed upon that section. As there are several
eases of this kind, and as the Committee on
Patents will shortly report a bill among other
amendments to repeal what we deem to be an
unwise proviso of the twenty-fifth section, it
will be well, perhaps, to state to the House
the reason why these bills come before us
at present.
Before the act of March 2, 1861, our patents
ran for fourteen years. There was, however,
the right to obtain an extension of seven years
from the Commissioner of Patents on comply-
ing with the requirements of the law. By the
act of March 2, 1861, we adopted a new policy.
The original term of an American patent since
that date is seventeen years. This act, how-
ever, continued the right of the patentee for
patents obtained previous to its date of obtain-
ing the seven years' extension from the Com-
missioner of Patents. In the act of Febru-
ary 8, 1870, revising and codifying the patent
laws, a provision was inserted that a patent
obtained here should expire at the same time
with the foreign patent. This has proved to
be a most unwise provision. In France a
patent cannot be obtained, or if obtained by
accident will be declared void, if previous
publication of the invention has been made
there or elsewhere, so that an American is
obliged to go there first if he wishes the benefit
of his invention in that country. In England,
although no such exclusion exists, the pat-
entee is not required to be the inventor, and
any one may obtain a patent. Any stranger
to the invention may import an American
patent, as is frequently done, and obtain a pat-
ent for the invention in England. Thus,
although by their law we are not obliged to
take out letters there first, yet in fact Amer-
ican inventors often have to go there first to
secure their rights.
It will be seen, therefore, that the continu
ance of this provision will only impose a pen-
alty upon American inventors who are forced
to secure their patents abroad before they obtain
them here.
But there are otherreasons forits repeal. A
patent obtained in France expires if not put
into operation there during any two years of
the grant. It becomes void unless the annual
tax of one hundred francs is paid, and may be
declared void if issued to any other than the
inventor. The patent also expires in England
unless at the end of three years a tax of fifty
pounds be paid, and at the end of seven years
unless a tax of one hundred pounds be paid.
So in Spain, Russia, and several other coun-
tries, if the invention be not worked within
a certain period the patent expires. To make
the duration of an American patent depend
upon the expiration of one granted abroad
would be a gross injustice, operating entirely
against the American inventor; a hardship
uever contemplated by the spirit of our laws.
Let me advert to one other reason, and the
strongest one, against this provision. Our
patents now run for seventeen years, while in
no other country except Belgium are patents
issued for that length of time; there they
run for twenty years. In England they are
granted for fourteen years ; in France, for fif-
teen years; and in Holland and some other
countries, for five, ten, and fifteen years.
When the committee is called for public
business we hope to report several amend
ments of a character that will commend them-
selves to the approval of the House, and this
one amonjj the rest. But, however unwise
this provision may have proved, I undertake
to say that it only has reference to patents
issued after the passage of the act of 1870.
Congress never intended to make it retro-
active, or take away the privileges accorded
to the patentees under then existing laws.
Yet these bills are before us because of decis-
ion that the law of 1870 applied to the four-
teen-year patents ; a wrong which sections of
that law subsequent to the one under discus-
sion show was never contemplated. Two of
these bills, the one for the relief of William
E. Ward, now before the House, and the
other for Smith & Skinner, come here because
the late Commissioner of Patents decided that
although the patent law of 1870 was only pros-
pective^ it adopted anew policy in regard to
the expiration of patents, and that it was in
his discretion to refuse the application. This
is not so. The Commissioner has no more
discretion under sections sixty-three and sixty-
six of the new patent code to refuse an exten-
sion of a fourteen-year patent than he has
under section thirty-one to refuse the grant of
a patent. In both cases he has to be satisfied
that certain requirements have been complied
with, and that is all.
The acting Commissioner in December, 1870.
overruled the views taken by his predecessor,
so far as he could, in another case, but, of
course, his decisions gave no remedy to the
applicants who had been rejected for the cause
stated. AH we do is to give these parties a
right to a rehearing by the Commissioner as
though their foreign patents had not expired
first; and we believe that the passage of these
bills will place a construction upon the law
in accordance with the views of the present
Commissioner, preventing for the future rejec-
tions which would bring this class of cases
again before Congress.
_Mr. FINKELNBQRQ-. I desire to hear the
bill again read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. L. MYERS. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was. agreed to.
WILLIAM 0. JARDINE.
Mr. L. MYERS also, from the Committee
on Patents, reported a hill (H. R. No. 1337) to
authorize William C. Jardine to make appli-
cation to the Commissioner of Patents for the
issue of a patent for his improvement in brake
and rest for carts ; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. The preamble sets forth
that William C. Jardine's application lor im-
provement in brake and rest for carts was
passed for issue September 11, 1869, but by
the neglect of his agent applicalion and pay-
ment for the issue of ihe same was not made
within the time required by law. The bill
therefore provides that William C. Jardine be
authorized to make application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for the issue of a patent
for his improvement in brake and rest for carts,
and that the Commissioner of Patents be
authorized to issue a patent for the same if he
should deem it right and proper; provided
that such application be made and the proper
fees be paid within one year from the passage
of tills acr, anything in the proviso contained
in thirty-fifth section of the act to revise, con-
solidate, and amend the statutes relating to
patents and copyrights, approved July 8, 1870,
to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that
the issue of such patent Shall not affect the right
to use said patented improvement of any person
who, since the 11th day of September, 1869,
and prior to the approval of this act, may have
procured, and at the time of such approval shall
be using such patented improvement.
Mr. FlNKELNBURGr. I should like to
know from the chairman of the committee
what is the section of the act from which this
party is exempted. The bill refers to a sec-
tion in the general law. I desire to know
what it is.
Mr. L. MYERS. _ The exemption is in favor
of the public. It is provided that the rights
of any one who may have purchased the pat-
ented improvement shall not be affected.
Mr. FIN ICE LN BURG. I have reference to
the provision in the body of the bill, in regard
to the thirty-fifth section of the act of 1870.
Mr. L. MYERS. Section twenty-three of
the law provides that every patent shall date
of a day not later than six months from the
time it was passed and allowed and notice
thereof was sent to his applicant or agent.
The patent of this party was allowed. He
paid the fee to his attorney to transmit, and
the attorney failed to send it to the Patent
Office. Section thirty-five provides that the
party shall have two years from the date of
his original application to make a second one.
This time has now passed by no fault of the
inventor, yet under theprovisions of the thirty-
fifth section the party would not obtain his
patent. Now we merely reinstate him in his
rights, as if his lawyer had sent the final fee.
That is all.
Ihe bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES BROWN.
Mr. HIBBARD, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 797) to
extend the letters-patent granted to Charles
Brown, and moved the same be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
