4370
THE CONGEISSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
June 7,
every character, covering every Department
of the Government, and going, as the Sen-
ator from Ohio says, into every hamlet of the
country.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask the Senator from
Rhode Island if the very object of this rule
■was not to prevent bat to facilitate business
and get through with it, and not having riders
put upon appropriation bills, or anything
but the legitimate-appropriations of the Gov-
ernment under the general laws that already
exist? Was not that the honest thing that'
was designed?
Mr. ANTHONY. The object of the rule
undoubtedly was to restrict amendments and
debate within certain limits. I am not going
to defend the decision for evident reasons 
Mr. STOCKTON. It was certainly to a
common intent in general, according to the
gentleman's admission.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, was not that the rule and the practice
before this rule was enacted? Did we not
always do that? And the only effect of this
rule is to restrict within certain limits the very
enormities which the Senator says may be
practiced under it. Whatever we may do under
this rule, we could do a great deal more of the
same character before the rule was enacted.
The only effect of this rule is to restrict it, and
I for one—I only speak for myself—am willing
to rescind it.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, Mr. President, I say
again, that rather than have the rule with the
interpretations that have beon put upon it, I
would not only rescind it, but I would have it
burned by the common hangman.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well, I will agree
to that if that will relieve the feelings of my
friend ; but I think rescinding will bo quite
sufficient and the burning by the hangman will
be hardly necessary. Now, the whole com-
plaint is about a certain rule that the Senator
says 
Mr. CASSERLY. No; it is the decision
we object to, not the rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. There could not be a de-
cision under the rule unless we had the rule, and
if wo repeal the rule we got rid of the rule and
the decision both, and we aland as we did be-
fore and as wo have gone on for nearly one
hundred years.
Mr.THURMAN. Thisruleis not tyrannical;
it is not oppressive ; it carries no dismay when
the rule is adhered to according to the fair
and honest interpretation of the rule and as it
was understood when it was adopted. There
is nothing of tyranny or despotism in it then.
But an appropriation bill is a bill to provide
money to carry on the Government, and the
necessities of the Government are such that
even the privilege of debate to some extent
must be limited in order that the Government
may be carried on.
Mr. ANTHONY. When was it, before this
session, ever limited ?
Mr. THURMAN. It never was limited
before this session, and I am not at all satisfied
that there is any necessity for it now. Still I
agree that with the increasing numbers of the
Senate a rule is not tyrannical when it is as-
sented by the Senate and honestly and fairly
interpreted. But when it is so construed that
the entire statute-book of the United States is
subject to amendment, to modification, to re-
peal under the pretense that such amendment,
such modification, such repeal is germane to
some appropriation, then the rule is not only
tyrannical, but it is simply monstrous that
when you provide an appropriation by a bill
to execute the law, that authorizes you to
change, modify, or repeal that law!
Mr. AN 1'HONY. I am not going to defend
the ruling which has been made, tor evident
reasons; but if the only complaint is this rule,
I, for one, am willing to rescind it, and to
remit both sides of the Chamber to the con-
dition iu which we were before the rule was
adopted.
Mr. THURMAN. I am perfectly willing
to rescind the five-minutes part of the rule ;
but I am not willing to rescind that part of
it which prohibits amendments to an appro-
priation bill which are not germane to the
bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; I am willing
to rescind the whole of the rule.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am willing to rescind
the five-minutes part of it, for I see no use in
the five-minut.es rule, for it is perfectly compe-
tent for any Senator to do what the Senator
from Ohio did two hours ago, move a post-
ponement, upon which Senators have spoken
half an hour, the five-minutes ruleisof no use.
I am perfectly willing to rescind that; but I
would prefer, in order that there should be no
complaint whatever, that this oppressive, this
tyrannical, this abominable rule that carries
oppression, devastation, and dismay into every
hamlet of the country, shall be entirely re-
pealed, and we shall stand just exactly as we did
before the rule was enacted!
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I did
not before know that my friend, the Senator
from Ohio, was an inhuman person, or one
disposed to inflict needless cruelty on his fel-
low-beings; but I think his proposition to
subject a measure which he has been denoun-
cing with such severity to such an official as the
common hangman, shows that he has less
respect for the feelings of the hangman than
he ought to have for those of a human being!
Now, sir, I rather applaud the honorable
Senator from Rhode island for declining to
defend the decision. I would not defend
it, either, if I had made it; I should much
rather as he has done expand my argument
and eloquence 
Mr. FLANAGAN. What is the question
before the Senate?
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg leaye to say that
the decision has been made by the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Nobody is questioning
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Boris-
man in the chair.) The Senator from Califor-
nia will suspend. The Senator from Texas is
asking a question. What was the question of
the Senator from Texas?
MY. FLANAGAN. I ask what is the ques-
tion before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the in-
definite postponement of this bill making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses, &c.
Mr. FLANAGAN. That is what I under-
stood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California will proceed.
Mr. CASSERLY.' [ do not wish to inter-
fere with the inquiry of any Senator for inform-
ation ; but I thought the Senator from Texas
was about to make some point of order. I
repeat, sir, that the Senator from Rhode
Island was wise in his generation in declining
to defend the decision. The decision, in my
liumblejudgment,isutterlyindefensible. Noth-
ing was ever more true 
1 believe, sir, the rule in the Senate is that
only one person shall talk loud enough to be
heard over half the Chamber at one time.
Mr. CONKLING. Which one is that?
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from New
York of course is an exception to all rules. I
understand that. I did not refer to him.
Mr. CONKLING. It is very unhandsome,
I suggest to the Senator, to strike a man when
he is down. Whenever I am on my feet, I do
not object to the Senator jumping on me ; but
when I am sitting still, I hope he will not
plant his feet on me.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator asked a
question from his seat, and I gave him an
answer which I suppose the Senator is satis-
fied with ; at least I am.
Mr. President, I was about to say that the
decision is utterly indefensible, and there is
not a man in this Senate, however ready he
may be to avail himself of the decision, who
will undertake to defend it by argument. It
is like many other things done in a party heat.
It was done to subserve an end, and when that
end has been subserved there is no man who
will have the moral courage, unless a similar
occasion again occurs, to renew that decision,
or to defend it if it should be renewed.
The Senator from Ohio summed up the
whole case when he said that under such a
construction of the rule you can amend half
the statute-book of the United States upon
this appropriation bill. Why? For the man-
ifest reason that this appropriation bill deals
with subjects of expenditure without number;
that is to say, it deals with laws without num-
ber, all of which draw after them more or less
expenditure, all of which, just as much as the
bayonet bill, or the enforcement bill as it is
sometimes called by those who profess to think
better of it than I do—I say there are twenty
places in this bill, yes, fifty, where the charac-
ter of the appropriation, necessarily referring
itself to some existing law, is such as to jus-
tify as completely as this decision now justifies
the attempt to repeal laws, to amend laws by
absolutely new legislation.
What difference does it make if the Senator
from Rhode Island says he is willing to repeal
the rule? That is not the question, whether
the rule shall be repealed or not. The ques-
tion is—and I mean to hold to it hitn and every
other Senator who professes to believe in the
decision made upon this rule—the question is
whether such a decision upon that rule ought
to have been made, and whether, under the
cover of such a decision, legislation like this
is to be thrust into an appropriation bill. It
was said once of a decision in another place
by a very great master of law and of language,
addressing those who gave it, "This is a
decision which will go forth without authority
and come hack without respect." I use these
words, and I regret to have sat here to see the
day when the Senate of the United States
should have deliberately made a decision upon
one of its own rules, of which that and more
than that, if it were proper to say it, could be
said with truth.
I rose just to say that much at this junc-
ture. I am not sorry to hear the Senator
from Rhode Island ao speak as to show that
he personally is unwilling as a judge, in his
place as Presiding Officer over this Chamber,
to take the responsibility of such a-decision.
He prefers that the Senate should-bear it.
Undoubtedly, sir, we all understand what that
means. A responsibility divided among
twenty-six or twenty-seven persons is about
the one twenty-sixth part as serious as that
which is borne by one. That is all 1 wish to
say at this time.
Mr. BLAIR, (at eleven o'clock and thirty-
five minutes p. m.) Mr. President, it seems
to me that a matter of this importance ought
not to be decided in the Senate as thin as it is
now. For that reason, and because the hour
is late, I move, an adjournment. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 12, noes 18.
Mr. BLAIR called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am paired with the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill.]
The question'being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 27 ; as follows :
YEAS Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Hamilton ot Maryland, Hill, Johnston, Norwood,
itansom, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Stockton, Thurman,
lipton, and Vickers—IS.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boremnn Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett.
Gragtn, Mniunds, Flanagan, Frelmghuysen, Howe,
Jlellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pom-
eroy, iratt, Eanisey, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, Stewart, and Sumner—27.
AiibiiNT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Bucliing-
njfm. Cameron, Clayton, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
ot West Virginia, Eenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
-terry ot Michigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
ot Texas, Hauilm, Harlan, Hitchcock, Kelly, L(;wia,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,
