2578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
what harm can there be in allowing them to
mortgage anything they can buy on this_ line
or may get from Texas or a private individual
in San Diego? Suppose they can get grants
there, or buy anything, or anything is given to
them, why not let them mortgage the property
they may have on this line? We confine to
the"line. Why should they not mortgage it?
Why should they not make their bonds as good
as they can. if we intend in good faith that
they shall build the road? If we do not want
any road there, if we do not want a roadon
the thirty-second parallel, we can easily defeat
it by indirection, by killing the bill.
If Congress is of that opinion, ham per them;
provide that no man who puts money in it
shall have anything to do with the manage-
ment of the money; that he shall employ no
agent who has an interest m it to manage its
affairs. By so hampering the bill that nobody
would put money in the enterprise, you kill
the road by indirection, and 1 would do so if
I was afraid to do it by direction. As it
stands, capitalists are not willing to go on ; if
you do not. want them to go on with it leave it
where it is, and the road will not be built.
It is manifest from the information 1 get that
they must have further legislation if the road
is to be built. I am in favor of having the
road built. I am willing to allow any com-
bination to be made that shall not endanger
the country, and to allow them to mortgage
any land they can get on that line. 1 am
willing that they should occupy the thirty-
seconed parallel line in any way they can
if they will give us a road; and when they
put their money in 1 am willing that they
shall manage their money, because there is
no way of building this road unless some-
body puts money in it. It cannot reach any
public lands; there is no public plunder in
it until there is ten times the amount of
private money 'put in to give it u start. I
am willing they shall have such a charter as
will enable them to .start and have the road
built.
I further say that 1 hope the bill will be
either killed or passed to-night. We do not,
want to be troubling the Senate with bills of
this character. If you are opposed to the
thirty-second parallel road, kill the bill.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to give notice
of an amendment.
Several Skkatoks. Let us dispose of the
bill.
Mr. PATTERSON". We cannot dispose of
the bill to-night. I yield to the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. I give notice that I will
offer the following amendment as a proviso to
this section, which 1 think will obviate nearly
everything that has been said in regard to its
dangerous character:
Prowled, Xliat this section is not intended to
authorise said company to mako any consolidation
with other companies not authorised by the terms
of the onginal act to which this is an amendment.
1 ask to have the ainendmeut printed.
The printing of the amendment was ordered.
Mr. FRELINGHUTSEN. I do not think
that will meet the difficulty. I would like to
have the Senator amend his amendment.
This section provides that they may mortgage
all land acquired by any arrangement or pur-
chase  
Mr. PATTERSON. Have I the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator had the
floor but yielded to the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. FKELINGHU YSEN. I want to call
the attention of the Senator from Indiana to
his amendment. Then the section provides
that they may have all the land-! that any com-
pany they may consolidate with shall here-
after purchase, twice authorizing them to pur-
chase land. I do not suppose tliat anybody is
opposed to giving this company a perfect
right to mortgage all the lands that they own
or shall ever acquire. That is the object of
the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I ask what is the objection
to the operation of this amendment if this
amendment confines this consolidation to the
consolidations already authorized? If acom-
pany with which it is now authorized to con-
solidate shall hereafter, before the consolida-
tion, acquire other lands in any way, what is
the objection to allowing this company, after j
the consolidation, to put those lands into the j
original mortgage, to make one complete j
security? That is the whole of it. j
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. That is a fair j
question for me to answer. The act, as I
understand it, authorizes this company to j
acquire and purchase land as well as author-
izes them to consolidate with other compa-
nies ; and that privilege they claim not to
want; and it also authorizes them to mortgage
any future acquired lands by these other com-
panies. The bill itself, as it was presented by
the Senator from Pennsylvania to the Senate,
seems to me perfectly unobjectionable, and all
the objectionable parts of the bill are in the
amendments; but when we come to consider
the fifth section, which is really calling upon
Congress to incorporate a new company in
Texas, I think Congress is entering upon a
business most inexpedient for it to undertake
to perform. Every railroad company and all
the stockholders in railroad companies will
deprecate the day that they invoked the aid of
Congress in passing railroad corporation char-
ters in the States. This fifth section creates a
new charter and then authorizes this company
to consolidate with it. It may be constitu-
tional for Congress to go into the States and
incorporate railroad companies, but if it is
constitutional it is most inexpedient. I shall
have more to say on that hereafter.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, if I under-
stand the question now before the Senate, it
is the amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont, to strike out the words "or may
hereafter bo made" in the amendment pro-
posed by the committee to the second section
of the bill. Am I right?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I bee the atten-
tion of Senators who have this bill in charge,
to what I am going to say upon that motion
to amend. What is it that this amendment
of the committee proposes ? It proposes
that what are called the land bonds of this
company may be secured by a mortgage, not
simply upon the lands that are granted by
Congress to the company by the charter of the
company, but also upon any lands that may
be acquired ''by any arrangement or pur-
chase, or terms of consolidation with nny rail-
road company or companies to whom grants
of land may have been made or may hereafter
be made by any congressional, State, or ter-
ritorial authority, or who may have purchased
the same previous to any such arrangement or
consolidation." The words " or may hereafter
be made " arc words of all time. Just so long
as this company may exist and may consolidate
with any other company, just so long will those
words have operation and effect.
But, Mr. President, while that is the case,
here stands the original charter unchanged by
this amendment in the particular I am about
to mention, which provides that the proceeds
of these very bonds, the construction bonds
and the land bonds, shall be applied solely to
the construction, equipment, and operation
of the road provided lor in the original char-
ter, and not for the construction, equipment,
or operation of any road with which it may
consolidate, or with any road that may be
made to it or from it. Now, I wish the Senate
to observe that the consequence of this is, that
if this amendment shall pass in the way it has
been reported, for the construction and equip-
ment and operation of this line which you have
authorized by your charter, the company may
mortgage all the lands that may be granted to
any road with which they may consolidate,
although that road may be wholly distinct from
the line which is here provided for in the charter
except the bare fact of its touching that line.
A line, for instance, may be made, as is
already proposed in Congress, running north
and south from Utah Territory, and away
beyond Utah Territory, which will necessarily
strike this road if it be made—a line sevpn or
eight hundred miles long. There is a road
already in construction, and one or two hun-
dred miles of it completed, which, if com-
pleted, must strike this line. Now, xhe prop-
osition is that if they consolidate you may
take for the construction not of those roads
that thus are consolidated with this, not for the
maintenance, operation, or construction of
them, but for the construction of this trunk
line of road, all the grants that have been
made to these lateral roads. Ia that right? Is
it right that a grant which has been made to
one road may be diverted to a wholly different
purpose? Do we mean to say in the dark, and
looking into the future, that, knowing what
may happen, that the grant we make to one
road may oe taken by consolidation, and em-
ployed, not to build that road for which we
grant the lands, but to build this road which
we have already more than sufficiently en-
dowed 
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. In the first place, we
have made no grant to any road that runs
across the country to intersect this road. In
the next place, there will be nobody having
charge of other roads who will be foolish
enough to consolidate and give over their
grants to build this road. In the next place,
if they did, they would have no road running
to it, it would be worthless. In the next place,
the grants made for those roads require that
they shall be built, and no grant is made now
unless they build the road before they get the
lands, and they only get them conterminous
with the building of the roads in sections of
ten or twenty miles. Consequently they would
get nothing under our railroad legislation until
they built the side-roads; so that it will be
impossible for them under any conceivable
circumstances to get a grant for a side-road
to connect
Mr. THURMAN. I have no particular
objection to my friend interjecting a speech
into the speech I am making, because I am
not combating this case; I am not opposed
to this railroad; I want to see it, bnilt; I am
in no wise an enemy of it; I do not want,
in the slightest degree to embarrass it; I want
to help it all I can; but I do not want to do
anything wrong, even to help it. The Sen-
ator says that we have endowed another
road that can consolidate with this. That
will do very well if you strike out those
words which the Senator from Vermont moves
to strike out; but will the Senator say that
there will not in future be any road endowed
that will strike this? I do not think that he
can say even in respect to the present that
there is no road which has been endowed that
will not strike this road. I am inclined to
think that we have already made a large grant
for a road whose southern terminus is sup-
posed to be Santa Fe, and which must cross
this road.
Mr. SPENCER. Santa Fe is north of any
part of this road.
Mr. THURMAN. If so, I do not under-
stand the location of this road. If it be so,
then I am incorrect in that respect. Then it
is very well to leave the section as it will be
if this amendment be adopted. But who can
say that in the future we shall make no grant
or that no grant will be made by any State to
a road that will intersect this railroad ? But
