1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1688
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It contains
these words, "to be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. BLAIIl, of Michigan. I will say to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that I would
like to dispose of this bill if he is willing, and
if he desires to make any motion in regard to
it, I will yield him the floor for that purpose.
Mr. HOAR. I insist on the point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is
in Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
JAMES 0. P. BURNSIDE.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, from the same
committee, reported back, with amendments,
and with the recommendation that it do pass,
the bill (H. R. No. 309) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to refund certain money
to James 0. P. Burnside.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
I make the point of order that that bill must,
under the rules, have its first consideration in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I hope the
gentleman from Massachusetts will allow me
to state what the case is, and then I think he
will not insist on the point of order.
Mr. HOAR. I insist on the point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
•sustains the point of order ; and the bill is
referred to the Committee of the Whole ou
the Private Calendar.
william andrews.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1940) for the relief of William Andrews;
which was read a first and second time.
Tlie question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue to William An-
drews, of Montpelier, Vermont, four ten-forty
coupon bonds for $100 each, with coupons
from and including a coupon for March 1, 1871,
in lieu of like ten-forty coupon bonds of $100
destroyed by fire at Montpelier, Vermont, on
the 20th day of January, 1871; provided
that before the issue of said bonds the said
Andrews shall furnish to the Secretary of tbe
Treasury a bond m form and with sureties sat-
isfactory to the Secretary to indemnify the
United States against the said bonds supposed
to have been destroyed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. This is a bill
for the issue of duplicate bonds in place of
bonds shown by incontrovertible testimony
before the committee to have been burned in
a fire at Montpelier, Vermont.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SMITH, ot New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIAAS AND P0WJ5LL.
Mr. STRONG also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1941) tor
the relief of Haas & Powell, of Chicago, Illi-
nois ; which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to"
be engrossed and read a third time.
The preamble of the bill states that it is
alleged that the distillery and distillery bonded
warehouse, No. 1, of Haas & Powell, of the
first collection district ot the State ofjliinois,
were destroyed by lire on June 30, 1870, with-
out any neglect, fault, fraud, or evil practice
on the part of said Haas & Powell, their agents
or employes, and that by said fire in said ware-
housethere were destroyed, before the same
or any part thereof had been sold or removed
from the premises where it had been manu-
factured, nineteen hundred and eighty-eight
packages or barrels of high-wines or distilled
spirits, and upon which the tax had not been
paid, but for the payment of which bonds had
been given according to law.
The bill authorizes the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue to inquire into and determine
tbe amount of high-wines or distilled spirits
contained in the warehouse of Haas & Powell,
on June 30, 1870, and which was destroyed on'
that day by fire; and also authorizes the Com-
missioner to abate and remit the direct tax of
fifty cents per gallon, due and unpaid on such
distilled spirits or high-wines as he shall find
were destroyed by fire in said warehouse, ex-
cept so far as the owners may be indemnified
against said tax by a valid claim for insurance.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. HOAR. My point of order is. that this
bill is in the nature of a revenue bill, providing
for the abatement of a tax for raising reve-
nue. Accoidingto Rule 110 of this House such
bil ls must have their first consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
 . c. farrell.
Mr. STRONG also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. 11. No. 1942) for
the relief of D. C. Farrell, of Peoria, Illinois;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The preamble of the bill stafes that it is
alleged that the distillery, together with dis-
tillery bonded warehouse, No. 6, of D. C.
Farrell, in the fifth collection district of Illi-
nois, was destroyed by fire on July 27, 1870,
without any neglect, fraud, fault, or evil prac-
tice on tbe part of said Farrell, his agents or
employes, and that by said fire in said ware-
house there were destroyed, before the same
had been sold or removed from the premises
where it had been manufactured, two thou-
sand barrels of high-wines or distilled spirits,
upon which tbe tax per gallon had not been
paid.
The bill authorizes the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to inquire into and determ-
ine the amount of high-wines or distilled
spirits contained in the warehouse of D. C.
Farrell on July 27, 1870, and destroyed by fire
on said day; and also authorizes the Commis-
sioner to abate and remit the direct tax of
fifty cents per gallon due and unpaid on such
distilled spirits or high-wines as he shall find
were so destroyed, except so far as the owner
may be indemnified against said tax by a valid
claim for insurance.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
'Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
robert williams, jr.
Mr. STRONG also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1913) for
the relief of llobeifc Williams, jr., eollectorfor
the third district of Ohio ; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, in settling
the accounts of Robert Williams, jr., collector
of internal revenue of the third district of
Ohio, to credit and allow to him such amount
as they shall find was stolen from his safe in
beer, cigar, and internal revenue stamps by
burglars, on the night of July 3,1869, provided
that there shall first be deducted from such,
sum the amount recovered by said Williams,
aud that nothing shall be allowed for expenses
in recovering the same.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state it.
Mr. HOAR. My point of order is that the
other day, contrary to my personal opinion, a
proposition precisely similar to this was pre-
sented as an amendment to an appropriation
bill, and held to be an appropriation.
Mr. STRONG. There is no appropriation
made by this bill. It simply authorizes the
accounting officers of the Treasury to make a
fair settlement with the party.
Mr. HOAR. My own personal opinion
coincides with that of the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Strong.]
Mr. STRONG. Then I hope the gentle-
man will not press his point of order.
Mr. HOAR. I must do so, as it was so
held the other day.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HENRY N. GALPIN.
Mr. STRONG also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported, with a recommendation that
it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 1786) for the relief
of Henry N. Galpin, postmaster at Berlin,
Connecticut.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
in settling the accounts of Henry N. Galpm,
as postmaster at Berlin, Connecticut, to credit
and allow to him the sum of $150, postage
stamps, of which he was robbed by burglars
on the night of October 1G, 1868, without iault
or negligence on his part.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask for the
reading of the report in this case, if there is
one.
Mr. STRONG. I will state in a word the
substance of the report. This post office was
entered at night by professional burglars, the
safe taken out and broken into, and stamps
to the amount of $150 abstracted. One of
the burglars was afterward arrested for that
and other crimes, and was confined in the
State prison of Connecticut, where he mur-
dered the warden, for which crime he has
since been hanged. We have the statement
of the Post Office Department that this post-
master had these stamps in bis possession.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and al*o moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDWARD T. GATES
Mr. STRONG also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported, with a recommendation that
it pass, a bid (H. R. No. 1944) for the relief of
Edward T. Gates, postmaster at Thomaston,
Connecticut; which wasreadafirstand second
time.
The bill directs the proper- accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, in settling the accounts
of Edward T. Gates, postmaster at Thomas-
ton, Connecticut, to allow and credit hiinwith
the sum of $300 for postage stamps stolen by
burglars on the night of November 17, 1808.
Mr. FA.RNSWORTH. 1 would liketo hear
the facts in this case, Is thei<? a repo:f ?
