1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4371
Rico, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Trumbull, West,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—32.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the indefinite postponement of
the bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not think the
vote can be taken on that question at present.
I have a little to say on that question, and I
say to Senators on the other side of the Cham-
ber that if they do not wish to hear what I
have to say they can retire.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow me a
momeut? Will he inform me how long he
expects to address the Senate?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Not very long.
Mr. HILL. I will hear the Senator.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The question, I under-
stand, is the motion to indefinitely postpone
this bill. Upon that question I propose to
submit some remarks. The first which I make
is that in my judgment the particular measure
offered as an amendment is conclusive evidence
of a disposition on the part of the majority in
this Senate to oppress and wrong the minority.
It has been asserted and has not been contra-
dicted, as far as I have heard, that while the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg] is the
ostensible author of this proposition, he is act-
ing uuder the direction of the majority on this
floor; that he is not wholly responsible for
this measure, however reprehensible it may be,
but that the criminality of this whole proceed-
ing attaches to the majority in the Chamber.
Now, sir, I say unhesitatingly, thai this is
not only unjust to the minority, but it is a
matter that exhibits bad faith on the part of
those who can control the legislation of this
Senate. When-the proposition was submitted
to make the rule limiting debate and exclud-
ing incongruous amendments applicable to
this bill, it was distinctly understood and
acted upon and announced on our side of
the House that we trusted the majority. We
did trust them, believing that no measure of the
kind proposed by this amendment would be
attempted to be attached to this bill. When
we made the announcement, that we were will-
ing to trust, the majority, we supposed that we
could contide in the majority, that they would
not force upon the minority measures which
they knew would be very obnoxious to us.
But, sir, our confidence was misplaced. We
find ourselves at this late hour of the session
and at thfs late hour of the night compelled
to confront a measure which, as I conceive,
has not one redeeming characteristic, which is
offensive alike to the common sense of the
country and revolting to what is known to be
the wish and feelings of the minority on this
floor.
Now, sir, I said that it was an act, as I
believe, of bad faith. I am in the habit of
speaking just what I think, keeping within
proper limits of courtesy and respect to mem-
bers on the other side of the House ; but hon-
estly believing that it is an exhibition of bad
faith toward the minority in this Chamber, I
feel that I am justified in giving expression to
that opinion.
But then, sir, it is also an act of oppression
to the minority on this floor. We arc com-
pelled under the ruling of the Chair—and I am
not going to comment on that decision, how-
ever erroneous in my judgment, because my
habit is to submit to the rulings of the Chair,
whether made by the Vice President or as in
this case by a Senator substituted in his place—
1 say that under the ruling of the Chair we
were to be forced into a discussion of this ques-
tion under the five-minutes rule. The sagacity
and familiarity of my friend from Ohio with
parliamentary usage has relieved us from
embarrassment on that point. We are now
permitted to extend our remarks beyond that
time under his motion to postpone indefinitely
the whole bill. I shall avail myself of the
opportunity offered, and perhaps in the discus-
sion shall say somethings notexactly germane
to the subject. ~
Mr. President, this action of the majority is
in keeping with the history of the Republican
party from its inception in this country. Has
it not been a party of oppression to the people ?
Has it been a party that has respected any
rights of the people in any part of this coun-
try ? What has been its history? The Phila-
delphia platform refers to the history of that
party, and I propose in this discussion to refer
to it also. It has been a history of oppressions
and wrongs from the beginning to the end, and
I assert now that there is scarcely one of the
first ten amendments to the Federal Constitu-
tion that has not been repeatedly violated by
the Republican party since it has had an exist-
ence in this country. Let me turn to these
amendments and see if it is not true.
The first article says, among other things,
that Congress shall make 110 law "abridging
the freedom of speech, or of the press." Has
not the Republican party, since it has been in
existence, suppressed presses of the country ?
Has it not infringed the right of free speech ?
Why, sir, there is not a Republican in the
Senate, who would in the face ,of the history
of his own party deny the allegation which I
make that that party since it has been in exist-
ence, for the first time in the history of this
country, has trampled under foot freedom of
speech and of the press.
I repeat that the history of your Republican
part.y has been a history of usurpations and
wrongs, that you have violated almost every
article in the first ten amendments to the Con-
stitution. I have cited the first amendment
to the Constitution, which says that the free-
dom of speech and of the press shall not be
abridged, and I charge that your party was the
first party in the country that abridged the
freedom of speech and of the press. You cite
in your Philadelphia platform the history of
your party as the pledge of what you will do
in the future, and I say the legitimate infer-
ence from that history is that in the future you
will invade the rights of free speech and the
right of the citizen to print his thoughts and
disseminate them.
That is not the only amendment of the Con-
stitution which you have violated. In the
second article of the amendments, among other
things, it is declared that "the right of the
people to keep and bear arms shall not be in-
fringed." Have you not violated that? Have
you not disarmed men in States that never
were m rebellion? I assert it, and assert it
positively, because I know it was done in my
own State. Your FederB.1 forces were sent into
the State and disarmed our citizens. I repeat
that you have violated that provision of the
Federal Constitution.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will
allow me a moment's interruption, the greatest
instance in which the party violated that pro-
vision of the Constitution that I know of was
when they disarmed Lee and Johnston.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator from
Wisconsin cannot parry the truth of the alle-
gation that I make, because it is a matter
known to the citizens of my State and of the
whole country that your party has repeatedly
violated this provision of the Federal Consti-
tution.
You have pointed in your platform adopted
at the Philadelphia convention to the history
of your party, and said that it was but the
pledge of the future action of the party. That
history shows that you have disarmed the citi-
zens of this country and deprived them of the
right to bear arms in States that never were
in rebellion, but were acknowledging and per-
forming every obligation which they owed to
the Federal Union. Now, sir, when you cite
us to the history of your party as a pledge of
what, you will do in the future, I have a right
in this discussion to remind you of what your
party has done.
That is not the only article of the amend-
ments which you have violated. Article four
declares:
" The right of the people to be secure in their per-
sons, houses, papers, and efiects against unreason-
able searches and seizures shall not be violated, and
no warrant shall issue but upon probable cause, sup-
ported by oath or affirmation, and particularly de-
scribing the place to be searched and the persons or
things to be seized."
I ask. does any Senator upon this floor deny
that that article of the amendments has been
repeatedly and most shamefully violated by
this party ?
"The people shall be secure in their persons.''
Why, sir, men in every State of this Union have
felt that under the domination of this party
they were insecure, and at times in the history
of this party men as high-minded and honorable
as ever lived in the United States have felt that
their lives and liberties were in peril every
hour. Hundreds and thousauds of men have
been dragged from their firesides and from
their families, and without any warrant ever
having issued for their arrest been incarcerat-
ed in dungeons and imprisoned in cells. Sir,
I am but repeating what has been the history
of your party, and I do that because you cite
us to it in your Philadelphia convention as the
pledge of what will be its future action. I re-
peat that that amendment of the Constitution
which provides that citizens shall be secure in
their persons has been ^.violated a thousand
times by the Republican party of this country.
So, again, this amendment declares they
shall be secure in their houses, papers, and
effects. Has that beeu the case? Have the
people in the past under the rule of the Re-
publican party been secure in their houses,
their papers, and effects? Why, sir, unholy
hands have been laid on the most private cor-
respondence ; telegrams have been seized,
and even the private correspondence between
men and their wives have been dragged to
public light in defiance of that provision of
the Federal Constitution which declares that
men in their persons, their houses, and their
papers shall be secure from unreasonable
searches and seizures.
" No warrant shall issue but upon probable
cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and
particularly describing the place to be searched
and the persons or things to be seized." You
set at naught that provision of the Constitu-
tion, and you send out the veriest scoundrels
on the face of God's earth to seize respect-
able men without any warrant issued trom
anybody.
These may be unpleasant things to refer to
in the hearing of Republicans, but I think it is
well enough to repeat what has been the action
of the party that now comes before the coun-
try and challenges its support for the future;
and if my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts, the Republican candidate for Vice Presi-
dent, for whom I have very high respect, and
who honors me with his attention, would take
my advice I should say to'him, "Come out
from the party whose record is a blur upon the
country's history and vote the Democratic
ticket." [Laughter.]
Again:
"Article V. No person shall be held to answer for
a capital or otherwise infamous crime unless on a
presentment or indictment of a grand jury."
Have you kept that part of the bond?
Answer the question, gentlemen ; have you
kept that part of the sacred Constitution of
your country inviolate ? Has not your party
violated that a thousand times ? and yet you
dare appeal to the record of your party in the
past as the pledge of its future action. Let
the country take note: the Republicans come
out boldly and affirm that what they have done
in the past they will do in the future. Let the
country take note that the party which l.<u>
dared to violate almost every provision of the
Federal Constitution and trampled it under
foot as an unholy thing, has proclaimed that
