1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2579
now you propose to take the grants that may
be made in tlie future without knowing what
they are and use them, not for tho purpose of
building the road for which the grant was
made, but for the purpose of building this
road which you have already and sufficiently
and amply endowed? I say that, is not right.
Furthermore, I am not in favor of leaping
in the dark in regard to these matters. I am
no enemy of railroads. I have no reason to
be an enemy of railroads; no sane man is an
enemy of railroads; and yet we do well know
that the immense consolidations which are
taking place and the immense power that is
thus given to a single corporation, and the
immense monopoly that it may enjoy, are
things that seriously alarm every man who
considers the subject, and I am not 111 favor
of saying in advance that you may consolidate
to any extent in all time, for these words apply
to all time, in the way that this section pro-
poses. 1 hope, therefore, Mr. President, that
these words will be stricken out.
But, Mr. President, one word more. I hope
also that the suggestion of the Senator from
New Jersey will be adopted, and that the words
in the fifth, section which undertake to confer
franchises upon a mere State corporation, a
road wholly limited to a State, will be stricken
out.
Section five reads:
That tho Grand Tower and San Diego Pacific Rail-
road Company, and its successors, a corporation duly
organized under the laws of the State of Arkansas,
is hereby authorized and empowered to survey, lily
out, locate, and construct, furnish, maintain, and
opente and enjoy a continuous railroad and tele-
graph line, with the appurtenances, from a point
near Fulton, in the State of Arkansas, by the most
eligible route, to some point on the line of the Texas
and Southern Pacific Railway Company, not west
of Dallas, in the State ot Texas, &c.
Now. either that company has that power
under its State charter, or it has not. If it
has the power there is 110 necessity for our
conferring the power upon it. If it has not
the power we have no business to confer it
upon it. We have no business to confer on
that State corporation a power that the State
itself did not see fit to confer. We have 110
light, as I think, and if we have the right, we
ought not to exercise it, to undertake to in-
corporate a railroad_ that is wholly within a
State. I do not object to granting to that
railroad company a right of way over the pub-
lic lands. I do not object to granting to it any
necessary lands for depot purposes. Tliat is
not chartering the company. Thai: is not grant-
ing it a corporate franchise. It is merely giving
to it on the part of the United States a right
over our lands, the right of way and the right
to depot grants just as an individual would do.
That is all right enough; but when we come
to give it corporate franchises, to authorize it
"to layout, survey, and maintain a road,
where its original charter granted by the State
gives if 110 such authority at all. in my humble
judgment we are usurping a power that d-oes
not belong to us. or if it did belong to us it is
one that "we ought not to exercise. Who
knows that the State of Arkansas would gne
it this power? If its charter gives it the
power. 1 repeat there is no necessity for our
giving it; and if its charter does not give it
the power, we ought not to attempt to enlarge
that*charter. I hope, therefore, that, as sug-
gested by the Senator from New Jersey, these
words in the fifth section will be stricken out
of the bill. ,
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer an amendment
agreed 011 by the committee to be proposed to
the bill. „ , ,
Mr. COLE. I wish to offer an amendment,
to be printed:
The PRESIDING^ OFFICER. The pro-
nosed amendments will be printed.
Mr SCOTT. 1 wish the attention of tue
Senator from Maine. That we may not meet
the objection to-morrow that the amendments
are not known in the Senate. I can state m a
minute what are the amendments proposed by
the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let them be
offered and printed.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 will offer them now, so that
they may be printed, if we are to adjourn. On
the second page, third and fourth lines, I am au-
thorized by the committee to offer this amend-
ment: to insert, "not. exceeding $40,000 per
mile of road." On the fourth page, after the word
"California," in the seventh line, I propose
to insert the words "011 the line authorized
by the original act;" and on the same page
an amendment in writing requiring work to be
commenced at Sail Diego, and pushed from
that point twenty-five miles a year, which is
of some length, which I will send to the Chair
for the purpose of having printed. I also offer
an amendment in the fifth, or rather sixth sec-
tion, as it ought to be, which limits the quan-
tity granted to tho branch road to forty acres
and the right of way to one hundred feet.
Mr. COLE. I wish to give notice of an
amendment. On page 4, line eleven, after the
word "miles," 1 propose to insert " not less
than one hundred ' soastoread, ''each year
thereafter a sufficient number of miles, not less
than one hundred, to secure the completion
of the whole line from the aforesaid point 011
the eastern boundary of the State of Texas,"
&c.  
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 ask the Senator from Maine
to give way to allow me to make a, motion
that when the Senate adjourns it adjourn to
meet on Monday. ["No." "No."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator yield for that motion?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I (lo not leel
authorized, having consulted the chairman
about meeting to-morrow, to yield.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Maine moves that the Seriate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and twenty-eight minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fhiday, April 19, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
JOINT DKBTOKS OP THE UNITED STATES
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee 011 the Judiciary, reported back
a bill (II. R- No. 1770) to authorize settlements
by the Secretary of the Treasury with joint
debtors of the United States, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides^that in
all cases where the Secretary of the Ireasury
is authorized by law to settle and compromise
any claim, debt, demand, or liability to the
United States, he is authorized and empow-
ered to settle and compromise with any joint
or several debtors individually, and such com-
position or compromise shall be a full and
effectual discharge to the debtor or debtors
making the same, and to him or them only,
of and from all and every liability, by _ reason
of the claim, debt, demand, or liability so
compromised, and settled and paid.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no doubt, I pre-
sume, that this bill operates only prospect-
ively.
Mr. POTTER. It operates prospectively
only.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
PaMr.d'POTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
to take a bill from the Speaker's table for
reference only.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object,
and call for the regular order of business. If
we yield to one we must yield to all requests
for unanimous consent.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is only to take a bill
from the Speaker's table for reference.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I must
object, and call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
CIVIL SERVICE.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the report from the select
Committee on Civil Service Reform, and the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Willard,] who
reported the pending bill II. It. No. 787) to
preserve the independence of the several de-
partments of the Government, is entitled to an
hour to close debate.
Mr. W1LLARD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
sav that so far as I am concerned 1 am will-
ing a motion shall be considered pending_ to
strike out the third section of the bill, which
declares certain acts misdemeanors. Unless
there is objection I hope my suggestion will
be agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then we
are not to be frightened by the penalty, rather
than bound by the principle. The gentleman
may have my consent to strike out the oilier
two sections. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the motion?
Tho SPEAKER. Ls there objection to the
motion being pending to strike out the third
section of the bill providing a penally ?
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. WILLARD. I now yield for five min-
utes to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
McCormick. J
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Mr.
Speaker, in the short space of time allotted
to me I wish to state, and I_ can only do so
briefly, some of the causes which, in my judg-
ment, have been the origin of the evils which
now afflict the civil service of the country. It
has grown to be the practice that members
of Congress shall have the privilege of making
appointments to Federal offices from the dis-
tricts from which they come. By common
consent the control ol those appointments,
which require the confirmation ot the Senate,
are placed in the* hands of the Senators, while
other appointments in the districts represented
by members upon this floor are placed in the
control of the membeis troin those districts
belonging to the party in power.,
This practice, Mr. Speaker, is, in my opm-
ion, one of the principal causes, one of the
main reasons, why our civil service has become
so degenerated. At the present time it is
understood by all the politicians of the coun-
try seeking office that Congressmen have the
control of the patronage of their districts. A
gentleman desiring to bo elected to Congress
is met by the shrewd politicians of his district,
by the office-hunters, by the unprincipled dem-
a"0",ues who control county conventions, town-
ship conventions, and district conventions, with
a "slate" bearing the names of certain per-
sons whom they wish to be appointed to the
offices of collector, assessor, marshal, post-
masters, &c. ,
Mr. BARRY. 1 would ask the gentleman
whether he speaks for any district save his
own in that particular? _
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. _I will an-
swer the gentleman that I speak for a great
number of districts of this country. What
1 am now stating I believe the experience of
this House confirms. I have 110 patronage
for my district, I have never had any patron-
