3476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
something in reply. All I have to say just
now is that this is an important question ; it is
one which affects the whole of this country,
from the Slate of Maine in its eastern point to
Texas and California. We want a depot here
•which will enable the people of the southern
country to come to Washington with their
freight, with their persons, to be taken care
of. I shall say not another word about this
matter
Mr. POMEROY. Iwanttosaydistinctly that
I shall vote to take up the railroad bill when
the deficiency bill is disposed of, but I will
not before, because I consider the deficiency
bill of great importance to the country. It
came here under a recommendation from the
Department of Justice, that the necessities of
thai Department were suffering for the want
of some money, and it is a deficiency bill to
moke up that want. Now, to prodeed to the
consideration of a railroad bill until this
deficiency bill is disposed of is ridiculous;
we ought not to do it.
The. VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate that upon examining the
record made upon this case he finds that this
railroad bill was made the special order for
this day, Wednesday, May 15, at twelveo'clock.
It is now twelve o'clock of this day, though
after twelve, the time having by unanimous
consent been extended. The unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday having been laid upon the
table the Baltimore and Potomac railroad bill
is by the rules of the Senate now before the
Senate. It is subject, however, to be laid
upon the table for the purpose of proceeding
wnh other business; but having been made the
Special order for this day and hour, and the
unfinished business having been laid on the
table, it is now up by operation of the rule in
regard to special orders.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have no desire to inter-
fere with the purpose of the Senate. If the
Senate is disposed to proceed with the railroad
bill, let it proceed, 1 have never been able lo
biing my mind to the support of that bill, but
J do think that there are reasons why it should
be acted upon. The parties interested in it
should have a decision one way or the other.
To that extent, 1 am in favor of proceeding
with the bill, or rather I am not, against pro-
ceeding with, the bill unless there is imperative
business of the Senate.
Now I am disposed to think that the defi-
ciency bill does come under that head. I
think tln.t ought to be finished and out of the
way before we proceed with anything pise,
whelher H be the railroad" bill or the Ku lClux
bill, and, as the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
TitL'jlBfU.J suggests, particularly while the
di-lieieney bill hangs now on a conference re-
port. It seems to tne, therefore, it is not ad-
visable for us to proceed with any business
until the deficiency bill is out of the way.
And now i make one other remark and
shall sit down. I ask the Senate to consider
how much easier it is to take up a railroad
bill than a school bill to secure equal rights
here in the District of Columbia? Every day
1 make an unavailing effort to bring- the Sen-
ate to a vote on a bill already considered sev-
eral times, whose only simple object is lo
establish equal lights in the schools of the
District, or Columbia. You know, sir, how
unavailing my efforts are, and yet you have
witnessed the agility with which Senators leap
forward, to the number of thirty-nine, in favor
of a railroad. 1 with a bill for equal rights
could find any such favor in the Senate.
Mr. HAM1L I ON, of Maryland. I move to
lay the bill on thi- table.
1'he VICE PRESIDENT. The Baltimore
and Potomac railroad bill being made the
special order for this afternoon, and the unfin-
ished business having been laid on the table,
t.be railroad bill is before the Senate, and the
Senator from Maryland moves to lay it on the
table.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I withdraw
my motion to enable the Senator from Ohio to
make a suggestion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that for awhile
the deficiency bill, which is very important,
and I know ought to be acted on, be taken  p
under the five-minutes rule. There being but
one single question on it, no Senator would
want to debate it longer than that. I tbink it
can be disposed of in fifteen ortw'enty minutes,
and then we can take up other business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the con-
sideration of the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road bill, the Senator from Ohio asks unani-
mous consent ihat the Senate resume the
consideration of the conference report on the
deficiency bill, under the five-minutes rule,
leaving the special order to stand before the
Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to saythat as there
can be no amendment to a report of a confer-
ence committee, I am perfectly willing to see
the five-minutes rule applied to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There cannot
be any amendment to a conference report. It
must be adopted or rejected as a whole.
Mr. CAMERON. That all seems so rea-
sonable that I shall assent to that, allowing
half an hour for the disposal of it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. 1 will con-
sent to no limit of time. 1 am perfectly will-
ing to withdraw my motion upon the preposi-
tion made by the honorable Senator from
Ohio. But then in regard to limiting any
time when you can call for the regular order,
I object to that,. We have got to get through
with the deficiency bill—that is my under-
standing—under the five-minutes rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it can be
done by laying the Baltimore and Potomac
railroad bill on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; that is not neces-
sary.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do not
object to the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio now asks that the conference re
port on the deficiency bill be taken up under
the five-ininutes rule, the Baltimore and Poto-
mac bill to come up as soon as the deficiency
bill is disposed of.
Mr. CAMERON. Tn accordance with my
promise that 1 intended to keep in good
humor all to-day, I give way for that purpose.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have a very great
aveision to the five-minutes rule; and while 1
think the deficiency bill ought to be taken up.
I suggest to the Senator from Ohio whether
be is not willing to wait, awhile and see whether
the report of the conference committee cannot
be disposed of without the five-minutes rule?
I think it can be; and I think half an hour
will show it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is better all
around lo have the five-ininutes rule, because
the proposition is a single one, not amend-
able, presenting but a single point.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not want to say a
word upon it, but 1 have very great objection
to establishing a five-mi mites rule in the Sen-
ate. I object to it as a precedent. If we
limit debate on this conference report to five
minutes, the probabilities are that we shall
limit debate on all conference reports to five
minutes. I repeat, let, us see whether we can-
not dispose of this report in half an hour, or
three quarters, and if we cannot in that time,
then for one I shall not object to the five-
minutes rule being applied.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California, if he may
be allowed to do so, thar under the rule in
regard to appropriation bills the majority can
Older the five minutes restriction of debate in
regard to a conference report on an appropri-
ation bill, because that concerns amendments
to an appropriation bill. The majority can
order that five-minutes rule; but still the Sen-
ator has the right to object now, because the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the motion, no
one objecting to taking up the deficiency bill,
that the five-minutea rule be applied on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no objection to passing over the Balti-
more and.Potomac railroad bill and taking up
the report of the conference committee on the
deficiency bill, and the Senator from Ohio
moves, the report being taken up, that the
debate on the report of the conference com-
mittee shall be limited to five minutes by each
Senator.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is suggested to me
that my objection, if persisted in, may have
the effect of preventing the conference report
from being brought up. I have no such object,
but protesting against the rule as insisted on
by the Senator from Ohio-, I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator having with-
drawn his objection 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no further objection, and the conference
report is before the Senate with that restric-
tion of debate.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION DILI..
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (fl. R. No. 1654) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and for
former years, and for other purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall bo very glad in
live minutes to state the objections I have to
this amendment; and I lise now merely to
correct a misapprehension of Senators in
regard to the facts.
All the cotton that was seized after the 1st
of July, 1865, was seized in pursuance of
special orders from the Treasury Department,
directing the*1 agents of the Department to
seize confederate cotton or cotton belonging
to certain corporations organized by the con-
federate government to aid in the cotton
loan. It is true that some private cotton was
seized by these agents. They being largely
interested in the proceeds, did no doubt make
some seizures that were unlawful, and are
properly described as "unlawful and in vio-
lation of the orders of the Treasury Depart-
ment." But here is a fact (hat, Senators seem
ro overlook, that for two years and a half any
claimant of this cotton who could show that
his property was seized in violation of law
had a right to appeal lo the Treasury Depart-
ment to have the proceeds of the cotton re-
funded. For two years and a half nvery man,
loyal and disloyal, claiming that pioperty of
his was taken, that it was not the property of
the confederate States or companies organized
to aid the confederate States, had his day in
court. During two years and a half hundreds
anil thousands of claims were made and nearly
two million dollars paid out of the Treasury
of the United States on claims of this kind
and of a similar kind.
Besides that, every loyal claimant had a
right until August, 1808. to sue in the Court
of Claims for tins cotton. So that loyal and
disloyal alike had a remedy. The disloyal had
a right to appeal to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and the l^yal had a right to appeal to
either the Secretary of the Treasury or the
Court of Claims for two years and a half.
There were gross abuses in the Treasury
Department in the management of this cotton
fund, and after a long debate, which was par-
ticipated in by many Senators, the Senate
bv a large vote agreed to carry this very fund
over into the Treasury and prevented the
action of the Treasury Department upon this
class of claimants among others, the Housa
of Representatives concurring in that action.
Now this amendment is thrust hex-e as an
