•m&
filLE GLCXBE.
February 2,
but for seven years from and after the passage
of tlr.s bill.
My honorable friend from Connecticut [Mr.
Kellcxso] has referred to ihe value of the
improvement embraced in this patent. But
Mr. Abbott, one of the witnesses produced
by this lady in favor of the extension of the
patent, Sfty.&: . .
" The reasons why Trapp's invention has not come
into more general use, and why his patent, as I am
informed, has not been remunerative, are to my
mind perfectly obvious. The modes devised by
Trapp fnrouttintr the joints of the stave were com-
paratively imperfect, and his invention has derived
its efficiency from the recent inventions combined
with it; but to which the original invention is abso-
lutely essential."
Mr. Lang, another witness on behalf of Mrs.
Trapp, touches upon this same point, and
makes a similar statement:
"Trapp's invention has derived its principal value
from beinfr combined with machines which have been
recently invented, where the outting-tools operate
foi fectiy in connection withTrapp'sswinging-clamp,
refer particularly to tho invention of Bonker and
Benael."
This is the case the applicant makes. Now,
in talking with the Commissioner of Patents,
1 have learned that it is the habit of parties to
go to the Commissioner, obtain a patent for
some improvement, and a short time there-
after—probably one or two weeks—surrender
the patent, and obtain a reissue that will reach
out like the elaws of a devil fish and gather
in every other patent, relating to the same sub-
ject. There are in the Patent Office sixty
gentlemen, any one of whom is authorized to
decide upon the reissue of a patent,; and a
reissue, therefore, cannot be under the personal
control of the Commissioner. Now, when this
lady shall have obtained this extension, there
■will be nothing to prevent her from going to
the Commissioner within ten days afterward,
surrendering the patent, and obtaining a reisauo
that will include other improvements invented
by other people.
Mr. PERCE. I rise to a question of order.
It is that, tho hour of half past one having
arrived, the House must, according to order,
Sroceed to the consideration of House bill
O. 104<1, to establish an educational fund.
Mr, KELLOGG. 1 hope the gentleman
will let us have five minutes in which to finish
the pending bill. 1 will call the previous
question at once.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered
that to-day at. bull' past one o'clock it will, to
the exclusion of all other orders, proceed to
consider the bill reported from the Committee
on Education and Labor, to establish an edu-
cational fund.
Mr. KELLOGG. If the gentleman will
withdraw his point for a moment, 1 will call the
previous question, and we can take a vote at
once.
Mr. PURGE, 1 will withdraw the point to
enable the gentleman to call the previous
question.
Mr. KELLOGG. I call the previous ques-
tion.
On ordering the previous question there
wore—ayes 64, noes 44; no quorum voting.
Mr. PliRCE. I insist, on my point, of order.
EDUCATIONAL FUND.
_ The SPEAKER. The bill just under con-
sideration goes over until Friday next. The
House resumes the consideration of the bill
(H. E>. No. 1043) to establish an educational
fund, and to apply the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands to the education of the people. This
bill by the unanimous ordgr of the House
will occupy the remainder of the day, and will
be resumed on Tuesday next at halt past one ;
and at three o'clock on Tuesday the previous
question is to be considered' as seconded and
the main "question ordered.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire, obtained
the floor, and yielded fifteen minutes to Mr.
McOesry.
Mr. McHENEY. Mr. Speaker, appreciat-
ing thg importance of general education as
much as any gentleman ou this floor, I should
certainly cast ray vote for this bill if I believed
it consistent with the power of the Federal
Government to enter upon or direct a system
of common schools, under the management,
control, or surveillance of its officials; but be-
lieving that we have no power to pass tbisbill,
and that it would result in little or no benefit
to the cause of general education, I shall vote
against it, and it is perhaps useless to make
an argument against the constitutionality of
this measure before a House controlled by a
political party whose history shows a determ-
ination to centralize power in the Federal
Government, and to leave to the States the
control only of such matters as they care not
to regulate; but, sir,Iarareminded bythegen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] who
spoke in favor of this bill, that—
"No tree Government or the blessings of liberty
can be preserved to any people but by a frequent
recurrence to fundamental principles."
And I beg to suggest that the fundamental
principles by which free Government and the
blessings of liberty are to be preserved are
found m the Constitution of the United States,
and a strict construction of and a rigid adher-
ance to its precepts are the great safeguards
of our liberty, and I consider it to be eminently
the duty of the minority to call the attention of
the country to all infractions of the letter and
spirit of that instrument, and in no instance
to suffer it to be violated without enteringtheir
protest.
Admitting that Congress can give the pro-
ceeds of the sates of the public lands to the
States, and that she may designate for what
purpose they are given, it does not fellow that
she can go with tln3 fund into the States and
there direct its expenditure, or take any con-
trol or management pf it in connection with
the internal affairs or regulations of that State.
Tho Federal Government can with just as much
constitutional authority appropriate the pro-
coeds of these lands or any other money in her
Treasury to the payment of the salaries of
State otlicials, and then control their action,
and thus take the management of any tight or
exercise any power reserved to the Slates.
This bill gives the proceeds of the sale of
the lands to the States for school purposes,
but reserves to the General Government a
superintendence, through its officials, over the
expenditure of the money. The duties of
those officials and the general management and
control of tho fund will from time to tune be
prescribed by Congress, and a school system
utterly variant from the State system may be
adopted; mixed schools maybe established,
different books used, a different standard for
teachers, and a different course of study for
the scholars; municipal regulations for ihe
government, of the schools and for the pro-
tection of llietn will have to be prescribed and
penalties imposed and enforced.
It,seems to me perfectly manifest that Con-
gress cannot thus go into the States and control
their internal afla rs. The only authority at-
tempted to be shown for the bill is the refer-
ence made by the chairman of the committee
[Mr. PkhoeJ to the preamble to the Constitu-
tion, which is as follows:
" We, the people of tho United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, estabtish justice, insuro
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common
defense, promote the general welfare, and secure
ttie blessings of liberty to ourselves and our pos-
terity, do ordain this Constitution," &c.
And his argument is that—
"Education is necessary to establish justice, to
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the com-
mon defense, promote the goneral welfare, and secure
the blessings of liberty to the people."
My const ruction of the meaning of the pre-
amble to the Constitution is very different from
that of the gentleman, and I can find no warrant
for this bill in it. The formation of the Union,
the establishment of justice and domestic tran-
quillity, the comtnou defense, and general wel-
fare are all established, maintained, and secured
by the system of government created and recog-
nized by that instrument, and Federal educa-
tion was not contemplated as necessary, for the
establishment or maintenance of any of them.
The preamble does not pretend to define the
power of any branch of Government; nor can
Congress look to it for any power whatever, It
has been so determined by the courts, and is
a principle admitted by all constitutional law-
yers. Thepowersof .Congressare all expressly
defined and limited by the eighth section of the
first article of the Constitution, and the tenth
article expressly reserves to the States or the
people all powers not delegated to the United
States, and gentlemen have failed to sliow
aad canDot, show any express power delegated
to Congress to establish a system of schoois in
the States, ,and consequently that power is
reserved to and belongs onjy to the States.
The public lands belong to the people, and
I do not question the power of Congress to
dispose of them, and I would cheerfully vote
for the bill suggested by my friend from
Georgia, [Mr. McIntyke,] which he proposes
as a substitute, distributing the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands among the States for
educational pu>poses, without a,oy conditions
or restrictions, and without any Federal "man-
agement or interference with tine funds after
tliey shall go to the Slates.
The pending biil is much less odious than
the former bills which were presented to the
Forty-First Congress. One of those> bills pro-
posed to take absolute control of the schools
in every State, with national officials appointed
to control them in every county and school
district, and levying a direct tax upon the
realty of the county to support the vast sys-
tem.
The present bill gives the net proceeds of
the sales of the public lands to be divided pro
rata among the States and Territories, accord-
ing to population, to be used for the education
of the people, but it prescribes certain condi-
tions and limitations which are objectionable,
and which render it amenable to the consti-
tutional objections urged against the former
bills. If it were simply a gift to the States, or
a distribution among ihem for the benefit of
the people to whom the public lands belong,
it would receive my support, because the public
lands are being squandered and disposed of in
such a way that the people in the old States
not living near said lands derive but little or
no benefits from them, and I think it to be
eminentlyjust and right that the people in the
old States should have their fair share of the
lands or the proceeds of them when sob!
Hundreds of millions of acres have been given
away to railroad corporations, and all the new
States have had assigned to Ihein a large share
of the lands lying in their borders to estab-
lish common-school systems. Over seventy
millions have thus been given to the new
States and Territories.' But this bill requires
the money to be paid out under the direction
of the Commissioner of Education, and who
has a superintendence over the schools as well
as the funds; and in addition to this, each
State is required before the 1st day ot' Jan-
uary, 1873, or within two months after the
first meeting of its Legislature thereafter, to
"engage" that it will provide by law for the
free education of all its children between the
ages of six and sixteen years, and unless this
engagement is made, and in the time specified,
the State which fails to so provide will lose its
interest in the public lands.
The amount which this bill will yield will
be not more than six or eight dollars to each
school district, less than one hundred thousand
dollars in the aggregate to my State. And, sir.
we do not propose to educate the negro chil-
dren between the ages of six and sixteen, in
order to receive the small sum of six or eight
dollars to each of our free schools. We would
have to tax ourselves to the extent of near
§1,000.000 annually to set up and carry on
a system ot common schools for the negroes.
It would be an independent system from the
