1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4313
But, sir, as a chapter in the history of your !
party, I may be permitted to refer to an act
passed by this Senate at the present session,
and now pending in the other House, which
proposes tocontinuein force certain provisions
of a law which passed the Congress of the
United States on the 20th of April, 1871, enti-
tled "An act to enforce the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, and for other purposes."
How came you by a fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution ? You proposed that amend-
ment when several States of this Union were
not represented in the Senate, when they were
not represented in the other House ; you com-
pelled certain States of this Union to give their
assent to it; and in the judgment of many men
that amendment to-day has no other validity
than the fact that it has been declared to be a
part, of the Constitution, never having received
the sanction of the people of this country in the
manner in which the Constitution contemplated
amendments should be made. You are very
particular to enforce this fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, while yon have not
been very careful to keep sacred other amend-
ments to the Constitution. You make that
fourteenth amendment justify almost every act
of your legislation. If anything is desired to
be done and the power to enact it is called in
question, immediately the majority on this floor
turns to the fourteenth amendment. I do not
know what matter or thing could be conceived
or brought forward, if its constitutionality was
questioned, that the friends of such a measure
would not take refuge in the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution.
But what are the provisions of the law
referred to—the Ku Klux law? Succinctly,
it confers upon the President of the United
States the right to create a rebellion in any
portion of this land. You give him the fear-
ful power of saying that any State or any por-
tion of a State or any section of the country
is in rebellion. What is the object? That
is to be made the excuse for the invasion of
such States by the military power. Hp has
no right to interfere in the internal affairs of
a State under the provisions of the Constitu-
tion except in certain specified cases, nor can
the writ of habeas corpus be suspended except
in times of rebellion or insurrection. In order
to comply with the letter of the Constitution
you clothe the President of the United States
with the fearful power of making a rebellion.
Is that the way your Constitution is to be
treated? Rebellion had a fixed and known
meaning at the time of the adoption of the
Constitution. It was not a fight at a cross-
roads that was a rebellion. It was not a
disturbance in a neighborhood that was a
rebellion. Rebellion was armed resistance to
the authority of the country. Such was its
known and acknowledged meaning at the
time of the adoption of the Constitution.
After authorizing the President to proclaim a
rebellion, you clothe him with the power of
using the military of the country to suppress
it. All that is necessary, therefore, for the
•President in order to justify his calling out the
militia and using the Army and the Navy,
is to proclaim that a State or a part of a State
is in rebellion, and forthwith the armies of
the country are marched to the scene, forth-
with the Navy is to be anchored near the
Coast of the State that is proclaimed in rebel-
lion, and thus the very arm of defense for the
country against foreign invasion is turned
against the citizens of our own country.
But that is not all. You clothe him with
the power of suspending the writ of habeas
corpus; that writ Which has been sacred in
England for centuries; that writ which has
been sacred in this country until the Repub-
lican party came iuto power is no longer a
guarantee of liberty. You do not suspend
it yourselves, but you vest in the President
of the United States the fearful power of sus-
pending it at his pleasure; at least you at-
tempt to do it, and in so doing the Constitu-
tion of the country is violated. Where did you
get the power to authorize the President of
the United States to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus ? The right exists in certain emergen-
cies to suspend the writ of habeas borpus; but
what department of the Government is vested
with that power? It is among the powers
delegated to Congress, and it never was in-
tended that the Federal Executive should
suspend that writ at his pleasure, or that Con-
gress should authorize him to suspend it.
Mr. STOCKTON, (at half past twelve
o'clock, p. m.) Will the Senator give way to
me for a moment?
Mr. SAULSI5URY. Certainly.
Mr. STOCKTON. It is manifest that the
Senator from Delaware wishes to speak on
this amendment, and there are many other
Senators who wish to speak upon it. Under
these circumstances I think it would be better
at this late hour to adjourn, so that we may
take a fresh start in the morning. I move
that the Senate do now adjourn, and on that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 29; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Casserly, Cooper, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston. Ransom,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, T bur man,
Tipton, and Viekers—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Fre-
hnghuysen, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey. Saw-
yer, Seott, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, and Wil-
son—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Clayton, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of
Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Ilamhn. Harlan,
Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis, Logan. Morrill of
Maine, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Rice, Robert-
son, Spencer, Sprague, Trumbull, West, Windorn,
and Wright—32.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I was
saying at the time I yielded for a motion to
adjourn that the power to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus was a power delegated in the
Constitution to Congress alone, and that Con-
gress had no power to delegate it to anybody
else.
These are some of the powers which you
propose by the act now pending in the House
to continue in force. Now, how did the
President act under the power which you gave
by the bill passed on the 20th of April, 1871?
He issued his proclamation proclaiming a
rebellion in certain counties in South Carolina,
commanding the parties to disperse, and five
days afterward martial law was put in force.
Then he sent down the military forces there.
He drove men from the country. He arrested
some youths and had them tried in a court of
which, I understand, Judge Bond was one of
the judges. I have no acquaintance with
Judge Bond, and know but little of him ; but
I have heard it said that he was a fit instru-
ment to carry out and enforce the provisions
of such a law. The country was astonished
and alarmed when they read in the public
papers the terror, the fright, the wrongs that
was done by this proclamation of the Presi-
dent, and the action of his tools under it.
There was scarcely an American citizen not
actuated by party motives in sustaining the
action of the Administration who did not
blush for very shame that in the nineteenth
century in.the Republic of America the Presi-
dent should proclaim a rebellion, use the mili-
tary power, set aside ali law, arrest citizens at
pleasure, deny them the remedy of the writ of
habeas corpus, and incarcerate them in prisons
and in jails. Why, sir, when these proceed-
ings come to be read hereafter, the sons of
the present generation will blush at the spirit
that actuated their fathers when they permitted
such a thing to be done. In the earlier days
of this Republic no man would have been so
daring as to attempt to arrest the citizens of
this country, deprive them of their liberty,
consign them to jails and dungeons, and deny
them even the right of petition for the writ of
habeas corpus. That law, in some of its pro-
visions, is still in force, and you propose -by
the bill referred to to continue the power in
the President to suspend the writ- of habeas
corpus at pleasure.
Sir, let the people of this country take
warning. The President of the United States,
under the operation of this bill referred to,- is
to be invested with the fearful power of strik-
ing down the liberties of the people iri any
section of the country that he may §ee proper.
Had I the power to arouse the Atoerican peo-
ple, I would inspire a feeling that would bring
resistance to any such usurpation and tyranny.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask the Senator if he
will yield to me to make a motion to adjourn?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSTON, (at twelve o'clock and
forty-five minutes a. m.) I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn, and I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, ltansom, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, and
Viekers—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bore man, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole. Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Freiinghuysen, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sumner, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayani, Brownlow.
Buckingham, Cameron, Cla.yton, Cooper, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry
of Connecticut, Gilbert, Uoldthwaite, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Hill, Hitchcock, Keily. Lewis, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Norwood,Osborn, Patterson, Rice,
Robertson, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague.Tipton, Trum-
bull, West, Windom, and Wright—S5.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am not certain that
I shall exactly resume my argument where I
left off when the motion to adjourn was made.
I believe, however, I was speaking about tlie
practice of the Executive under this act of April
20, 1871; that by that act you had placed at
his disposal the liberties of the people, and
ihot he had exercised the powers which you
bad conferred upon him to the injury and det-
riment of the people of this country, and that
hesetan example in so doingwhich, if followed .
iu the future, must be destructive of the last
vestige of A merican liberty upon this continent.
I was saying that I blushed for my country
when I thought of the practices under this act
which clothes the President with such fearful
power.
Sir, the liberties of the people of this coun-
try will not be worth a farthing if this practice
is to be continued; and yet you propose to con-
tinue in force Ihis act of April 20,1871, and to
continue in the hands of the President the keep-
ing of the liberties of the people of this country
and to make them subject to his will apd.
pleasure.
Mr. BOREMAN. Will the Senator allow
ine to interrupt hiui for a moment?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. BOREMAN I wish to inquire of him
if there is any provision in this amendment
providing for an extension of the Ku Klux act ?
If thefe is, I am not aware of it. The amend-
ment, I think, is in regard to elections simply
and does not refer to the Ku Klux law at all.
I am sorry to disturb the Senator's preaching,
but I think he had better adhere to the text.
[Laughter,]
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am very much in-
debted to the Senator. 1 was speaking of an
act which this Senate has passed at the pres-
ent session, and which is now pending in the
other House, but I intend to discuss the
amendment to which he refers before 1 con-
clude ; and as nature has blessed me with
pretty good lungs and a reasonable degree
of physical endurance, I will say to my friends
on the other side, if this discussion is unpleas-
ant to them they will have time to take a nap.
[Laughter.]
