1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*3?
Laivs of the United States.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
one thousand dollars each; apothecary, seven
hundred and fifty dollars; commissary, two
hundred and eighty-eight dollars; messenger
to superintendent, six hundred dollars; cook,
three hundred and twenty-five dollars and fifty
cents; armorer, five hundred and twenty-nine
dollars and filly cents; quarter-gunner, four
hundred and nine dollars and fifty cents; gun-
ner's mate, four hundred and sixty nine dol-
lars and fifty cents; cockswain, four hundred
and sixty-nine dollars and fifty cents; three
seamen, in departments of seamanship, at
three hundred and forty-nine dollars and fifty
cents each; band master, five hundred and
twenty-eight dollars ; eighteen first-class musi-
cians, at three hundred and forty eight dollars
each ; seven second-class musicians, at three
hundred dollars each ; two drummers and one
fifi-r (fir^t class), at three hundred and forty-
eight dollars each ; in all, fifty eight thousand
five hundred and seventy-six dollars.
Fur pay of watchmen and others, thirty
thousand six hundred and fifty-nine dollars
and filly cents.
For pay of mechanics and others, seventeen
thousand four hundred and sixty-two dollars
and seventy five cents.
For pay of employees in the department of
steam-enginery, for machinists, boile -makers,
and others, eight thousand seven hundred and
sixty dollars.
For repairs and improvements of public
buildings, and for repairing the wall inclosing
the grounds of the Academy, fourteen thou-
sand dollars.
For contingent expenses, sixty-four thou-
sand dollars: Provided. That graduates of
the Naval Academy shall take rank according
to their proficiency as shown by their order of
merit at date of graduation.
marine corps.
For pay and subsistence of officers of the
Marine corps, and for pay of non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, privates, and others
of the corps, six hundred and seventy-eight
thousand one hundred and forty-five dollars.
For provisions, one hundred and twenty-six
thousand five hundred and one dollars and
seventy cents.
For clothing, one hundred and twenty-nine
thousand six hundred and fifty dollars.
For tuel, thirty thousand eight hundred and
fifty-fcix dollars.
For military stores, namely: for pay of
mechanics, repair of arms, purchase of accou-
trements, ordnance stoies, fl.igs, drums, fifes,
and other instruments, ten thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers, and their
servants, and troops, and for expenses of
recruiting, twelve thousand dollars.
For repairs of barracks, and rent of offices,
%vhire there are no public buildings, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For forage for horses belonging to field and
staff'officers, six thousand dollars.
For hire of quarters for officers where there
are no public quarters, sixteen thousand five
hundred do'lars.
For contingencies, namely: freight; fer-
riage ; toll; cartage ; wharfage ; purchase and
repair of boats; labor; burial of deceased
marines: printing, stationery, telegraphing;
apprehension of deseiters; oil, candles, gas ;
repairs of gas and water fixtures ; water rent,
forage, barrack furniture; furniture for offi-
cers' quarters; bed-sacks, wrapping-paper,
oil-cloth, ciash, rope, twine, spades, shovels,
axes, picks, carpenters' tools; repairs to fire-
engines; purchase and rtpair of engine hose ;
purchase of lumber lor benches, mess-tables,
bunks; repairs to public carryall; purchase
and repair of harness ; purchase and repai r of
hand-cans and wheelbarrows; i-cavengering ;
purchase and repair ot galleys, cooking-stoves,
ranges, stoves where there are no grates;
42d Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 47.
gravel for parade grounds; repair of pumps;
brushes, brooms, buckets, paving, and for
other purposes, twenty-five thousand dollars :
Provided, That rio money appropriated by this
act shall be expended on account of naval
engines contracted for during the war.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to sell,
at public sale, such vessels and materials of
the United States Navy as in his judgment
cannot be advantageously used, repaired, or
fitted out: Provided, That before any such
sale shall be made, public notice shall be given
by advertisement in some leading newspaper
or newspapers in at least four of the principal
cities of the United States, which advertise-
ment shall state the number of vessels and the
amount of materials proposed to be sold, with
a description thereof so far as the same shall
be practicable, together with the time and
place when and where such vessels and mate-
lials can be seen and examined. And the
Secretary of the Navy shall, at the opening of
each session of Congress, make a full report
to Congress of his acts under the authority
given by this section, which report shall con-
tain a statement of all vessels and materials
sold, the parties buying the same, and the
amount realized therefrom, together with such
other facts as maybe necessary to a full under-
standing of his acts; and the total amount
received on such sales shall be covered into
the United States Treasury : Provided further,
that nothing in this section shall be construed
as compelling the Secretary of the Navy to
accept any bid or offer which in his judgment
is grossly inadequate to the value of the vessel
or materials offered for sale.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CXCVI.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the fiscal year ending Junethirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-three.
Be it enacted by ths Senate and House of Pep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Cougrees assembled, That the following sums
be, "and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-three, viz:
For additional pay of officers, and for pay
of instructors, cadets, and musicians, two hun-
dred and twenty-two thousand nine hundred
and thiity-seven dollars and fifty cents.
For repairs and improvements, timber,
plank, boards, joists, wall-strips, laths, shin-
gles, slate, tin, sheet lead, nails, screws, locks,
butts, hinges, glass, paint, turpentine, oils,
bricks, lime, cement, plaster, hf.ir, blasting-
powder, fuses, iron, steel, tools, mantels, and
other similar materials, fourteen thousand five
hundred dollars.
For pay of citizen mechanics employed upon
repairs that cannot be done by enlisted men,
eight thousand dollars.
For fuel and apparatus, coal, wood, stoves,
grates, furnaces, rauges, fire-bricks, and re-
pairs, fourteen thousand dollars.
For gas-pipes, gasometers, and retorts, and
annual repairs of the same, six hundred dollars.
For fuel for cadets mess-hall, shops, and
laundry, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For postage and telegrams, two hundred
dollars.
For stationery, blank books, paper, envel-
opes, quills, steel pens, wax, and ink, five
hundred dollars.
For transportation of materials, discharged
cadets, and terriages, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For printing type, materials for office, di-
plomas for graduates, registers, and blanks,
seven hundred dollars.
For compensation of lithographer, one hun-
dred dollars.
For clerk to disbursing officer and quarter-
master, one thousand six hundred and fifty
dollars.
For clerk to adjutant, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For clerk to treasurer, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For department of instruction in mathemat-
ics, viz: for plane-table, one hundred and
seventy-five dollars ; repairs of instruments,
thirty dollars; text books and stationery for
instructors, twenty dollars.
For department of artillery, cavalry, and
infantry tactics, viz: for tan bark for riding-
hall and gymnasium, one hundred and fifty
dollars; stationery for assistant instructors,
one hundred dollars; guidons, marker flags,
camp colors, and embroidering colors for caps
of cadets, fifty dollars ; repairing camp-stools,
tents, and furniture, five hundred dollars; foils,
masks, gloves, and repairs for fencing, two
hundred dollars.
For department of civil and military engin-
eering : for models, maps, repairs of instru-
ments, and text-books and stationery for use
of instructors, five hundred dollars.
For department of natural and experimental
philosophy : for chronograph for observatory,
one thousand dollars; two sextants, three hun-
dred dollars ; surveyor's transit, two hundred
and fifty dollars ; barometer, fifty dollars; re-
pairs and contingencies, five hundred dollars;
compensation to attendant, fifty dollars.
For department of drawing: for Turner's
Liber-Studiorum for the use of the second class,
one hundred and twenty dollars; topographical
models, architectural models and ornaments,
and models of machines, for the use of the
third class, one hundred dollars ; colors,
brushes, pencils, and papers, for the use of
instructors, ten dollars.
For department of law and ethics: for books
of reference, text-books, and stationery, for
the use of instructors, one hundred dollars.
For department of French : for text-books
and stationery, for the use of instructors, fifty-
dollars.
For department of Spanish : for text-books
and stationery, for the use of instructors, fifty
dollars.
For department of chemistry, mineralogy,
and geology: for chemicals, including chemi-
cal apparatus, glass and porcelain ware, paper,
wire, and sheet metal, five hundred and fifty
dollars; material for practical instruction in
photography, two hundred dollars; rough,
specimens, files, alcohol, lamps, blow-pipes,
pencils, and agate mortars, for practical in-
struction in mineralogy and geology, one hun-
dred and seventy-five dollars: fossils illustrat-
ing the different rock formations, for daily use
in section-rooms, one hundred and twenty-five
dollars ; gradual increase of the cabinet, five
hundred dollars; repairs and improvements in
electric, galvanic, magnetic, electro-magnetic,
and magneto-electric apparatus, four hundred
and fifty dollars ; repairs and additions to pneu-
matic and thermic apparatus, one hundred and
fifty dollars; improved adjustable electric lamp,
one hundred and fifty dollars ; carpenters'^ and
metal work, and materials for the same, sixty-
live dollars ; improved binocular microscope,
complete, three hundred dollars; diagrams
illustrating chemical and geological phenom-
ena, one hundred and twenty-five dollars; me-
chanics' tools, twenty dollars; pay of mechan-
ics, to be employed in chemical and geological
section-rooms and in the lecture-room, one
thousand and fifty dollars; for bringing steam
directly to chemical rooms, and for chemi-
cal and mechanical operations, two hundred
and seventy dolUrs; steam cylinder and pis-
ton, five huudred dollars; setting up Ludd's
dynamo-magnetic electric machine, one hun-
