3478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
postponing the bill was reconsidered, and the
bill was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
message from the house
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbbson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 630) in relation to new
trials in the Court of Claims;
A bill (H. R. No. 631) to amend an act en-
titled "An act regulating proceedings in crim-
inal cases, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 18G5;
A bill (H. II. No. 908) to repeal the several
acts relating to the tenure of civil offices;
A bill (H. B. No. 1028) to amend an act
entitled '"An act relating to members of Con-
gress, heads of Departments, and other officers
of the Government," approved Juue 11, 1864;
A bill (H. R. No. 1396) for the reli#f of
Marshall 0. Roberts;
A bill (H. R. No. 1600) to amend an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Washing-
ton National Monument Society
A bill (H. R. No. 1891) to amend an act
entitled ''An act to establish the Department
of Justice, and for other purposes;"
A bill (II. R. No. 2312) to revise, consolid-
ate, and amend the laws relating to pensions ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2775) for the relief of
Samuel B. Elliott, late acting purser of the
United States vessel of war the Flirt;
A bill (H. R. N. 2774) to prevent certain
officers of the United States and Territories
from practicing as attorneys or solicitors in
courts of the United States iu certain cases;
A bill (H. R. No. 2773) to amend section
five of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year 1841," ap-
proved March 3, 1841, and to authorize the
pioper construction thereof;
A bill (II. It. No. 2776) to provide for the
adjudication of the claim of John Graham;
A bill (H. R. No. 2778) to provide stenog-
raphers for the courts of the United States;
and
A bill (H. R- No. 2777) for the relief of the
sureties of S. F. Marks, former postmaster at
New Orleans.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 810) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish a
uniform time for holding elections for electors
of President and Vice President in ail the
States of the Union," approved January 23,
1845.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills with amend-
ments ; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 468) to regulate criminal
practice in the Federal courts; aud
A bill (S. No. 473) to further tho adminis-
tration of justice.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill (II. R.
No. 1323) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic service of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1873, and for
Other purposes; that it had agreed to another
amendment of the Senate to the said bill with
an amendment: that it asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
had appointed Mr. Thomas Swanx of Mary-
land, Mr. Fraxk W. Pai.mer. of Iowa, and
Mr. Jambs Brooks of New York, managers
at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1666) mak-
ing yppropiiations for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1873, asked a conlerence oti I he disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Samuel S. Marshall of Illi-
nois, Mr. William L. Siwtghtoit of Mich-
igan, and Mr. William H. Upson of Ohio,
managers at the same on its part.
potomac railroad depot.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 218T) toconfinn the action of the board of
aldermen and common council of the city of
Washington, designating a depot site for the
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company,
and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I understand
that the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cameron] does not desire to make any re-
marks now, and 1 regret to be compelled to
address the Senate when I am perfectly aware
that a very largo majority are already com-
mitted to one sido of this question.
Mr. SUMNEli. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him for a moment? There is
reason for a business session of the Senate for
executive purposes for about five minutes.
I should like to ask the Senate to go into
executive session. I do not want to interfere
with this bill. It is necessary to act oil execu-
tive business relating to the District of Colum-
bia, which requires attention.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will yield
to any wishes of the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we had better
not do that.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. There seems
to be general objection to the proposal of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and therefore I
will proceed to say what I have to say.
Mr. President, if I could obtain the ear of
the Senate on this question, I am satisfied they
would put poison into their coffee as quickly
as to pass this bill. I do not expect, however,
that 1 shall be able to obtain the ear of the
Senate after the question has already been
decided. But if I can obtain attention long
enough to give some history and recital of the
tacts, 1 shall show that this railroad evangelist
is like other railroad evangelists, is merely de-
sirous of putting money in the pockets of his
stockholders, and nothing more. His corpo-
ration was gotten up and is managed for no
other purpose. Why, sir, what was the position
of the company when the New Jersey rail-
roads were bought up, by which the stock-
holders of the New Jersey railroads obtained
at least $1,000,000 more than their property
was worth, and a perpetual interest thereon of
ten pur cent.? How was this corporation in
Pennsylvania to pay that heavy rental unless
it was by some subsequent process to wring
the increased amount out of the people of New
Jersey? Ought they to have any particular
friendship or regard for a corporation of that
kind? Do they believe it is governed by any
higher motive than that of an enlightened
self-iuterest by which to make the most
money?
But I do not wish to discuss particularly
thi~ branch of the subject, although it is mooted
throughout the country that this corporation
controls §350,000,000 of capital, a suin of
vastly greater magnitude than the old United
States Bank, which some parties feared, on
account of that immen&e amount of capital,
would eventually control the political desti-
nies of this country.
But, Mr. President, this was an old railroad
charter at first incoi porated by tho State of
Maryland to give accommodations to the
southern peninsula of that State. I want to
show you the extravagance of its character;
and it must be noted that Congress has already
confirmed all of its privileges and immunities
that it received under its original charter from
Maryland. This is an old State charter, and
is only revived, if revived at all, by Congress.
I do not know for what purpose it was gotten up,
whether for the real purpose of building a rail-
road, or of putting money into the hands ot the
incorporators, as mere speculators at the time.
It was incorporated May 6, 1853, and it was
to have a million in amount of stock, with the
right to increase it to three millions. But
mark you, it not only had that right, but it
had this further right—
"That the president and directors shall hnve
power to borrow money for the purposes of this act,
and to issue bonds, certificates, or other evidences
of such tarns, and to pledge the property of the
company for the payment of tho same and its inter-
est.
That is to say, its power to make loans was
entirely unlimited. Then it still further was
to have the right to consolidate all its in-
debtedness at all timesinto its stock, so that iis
stock is virtually unlimited, aud the amount
of its loans and bonds which may be issued
being equally unlimited. Is not this rather a
wide latitude for a branch road of twenty
miles t
Then it had the right to extend branches in
any direction not exceeding tweuty miles and
lateral branches without any limit. Let me
show you another extreme latitude given to
the road. It had the power given to buy,
build, own, and run steamboats:
"Shall havo all tho rights and powers hereby
Kivon, in ordor to tho construction and ropnir of tho
said principal road, and rutty also own and employ
stoamboats or othor vessels to connect tho said rail-
road or railroads with othor poiuta by water com-
munication."
And it is to be remembered that there are
water communications at both ends of the
road. So we not only are to have a railroad,
but any amount of steamboating, all from
sheer beneficence of this Pennsylvania com-
pany.
Now, Mr. President, we are told that this
railroad evangelism is to give the people of
this district and of the country hereabouts
cheaper freight, cheaper prices for the carry-
ing of railroad passengers; but be it rioted
that in 1853 the price for freight was fixed aud
put down at eight cents per ton per mile, a
very extravagant rate, and for passengers four
cents a mile, and Congress has .confirmed it,
and so far as the railroad comes into this Dis-
trict, it is at liberty to charge more for shorter
distances. For distances less than twelve
miles they have the right to chargc twelve
cents a mile. This is tho way the people hero
are to be favored.
Then, again, this charter soems to be a very
extensive one. It has the power to connect
and to contract with any other roads to an
unlimited extent, and that is just in the line
of business of this company.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to show you
the gradual processes by which this railroad
has come into Washington aud obtained one
after another these wholly gratuitous privi-
leges. It reminds me of the Arabian table.
We have already had four or five different
acts of Congress iu relation to this road. It
seems to have gradually approached, like tho
fabled camel, into the cabin of the cobbler.
The cobbler was asked by the camel to exam-
ine one foot, to see if it was sore, as the camel
said, but the cobbler found no splinter there,
nothing sore on the foot. Then the camel
introduced another foot. The cobbler exam-
ined thai, and found nothing sore there; and
so ou until he examined the whole. Then
after the camel had gotten entirely into the
cabin of the cobbler, the cobbler was very
anxious that he should get out. But the camel
said, "I am very well continued where I am ;
if you are not, you may move out." [Laugh-
ter.] And that is the case with this railroad.
It seems to have gotten into the District of
Columbia, and is very well contented with
that fact, and if we are not, we inay move out.
I ask the Secretary to read a portion of the
first scction of the act of February 5, 1807, the
first act of Congress on this subject, wiiish will
he found in volume fourteen of the Siatutes-
at-Largo, page 3S7.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" And the said Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company are hereby authorized to exorcise the
same powers, rights, and privileges, and shall PC
