738
APPENDIX TO THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
dred dollars; replasteringand painting section-
rooms, one hundred and twenty dollars; re-
flooring lecture-room, eighty dollars ; covering
floor of mineralogicaL section-room, one hun-
dred and ten dollars ; compensation to attend-
ant, fifty dollars.
For department of practical engineering:
for ten box-compasses, fifty dollars ; repairs
of instruments, twenty-five dollars ; lumber for
profiling, tracting-tapes, and turpentine, one
hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For department of ordnance and gunnery:
for building sink, repairing and pointing walls,
and for new doors, five hundred dollars.
For expenses of the Board of Visitors, five
thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous and contingent expenses:
for gas, coal-oil, for lighting the Academy,
cadet barracks, mess-hall, hospital offices,
stable, and inside walks, four thousand dol-
lars ; water pipes, plumbing, and repairs, two
thousand dollars; cleaning public buildings
(not quarters), five hundred and sixty dollars;
brooms, brushes, pails, tubs, and cloths, two
hundred dollars ; chalk, crayons, sponge, and
slates for recitation-rooms, one hundred dol-
lars ; compensation of chapel organist, two
hundred dollars ; compensation of librarian,
one hundred and twenty dollars; compensa-
tion of non-commissioned officer in charge of
mechanics, fifty dollars; compensation of sol-
dier writing in adjutant's office, fifty dollars ;
pay of engineer of heating and ventilating
apparatus, cadet barracks, chapel, and philo-
sophical acudemy, including the library, one
thousand five hundred dollars; pay of assist-
ant of same, seven hundred and twenty dol-
lars ; pay of five firemen, two thousand two
hundred dollars; increase and expense of the
library, books, magazines, periodicals, and
binding, two thousand dollars.
For reimbursing cadets lor losses incurred
by their efforts in extinguishing a fire in their
barracks, in the year eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, six thousand eight hundred and
eighteen dollars and eighty-two cents.
For pay of librarian's assistant, one thou-
sand dollars.
For contingencies for superintendent of the
Academy, one thousand dollars.
For furniture for cadet hospital, one hun-
dred dollars.
For repairing and opening roads and paths,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For ice-house and an additional store-room
and servants' room, seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For coal-house, five thousand dollars.
For re-covering south wharf, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CXCVII.—An Act defining and limit-
ing the Appropriation of certain Moneys for
the preparation, issue, and reissue of the
Securities of the United States, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United /States of America in
Congress assembled, That the expenses of the
issue, reissue, transfer, delivery, redemption,
and destruction of securities, legal-tender notes,
fractional currency, checks, certificates, com-
missions, and for any plate and seal engrav-
ing and printing required by the Treasury De-
partment, shall be paid from and shall not
exceed the appropriation of one per centum
of the amount of legal-tender notes, fractional
currency and securities issued during each fiscal
year: 1'rovided, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to increase or enlarge the
appropriation contained in the second section ;
of the act entitled ''An act to authorize the \
refunding of the national debt," approved July
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and seventy. i
Approved, May 23, 1872. !
Chap. CXCVI1I.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to establish a uniform
Time for holding Elections for Electors of
President and Vice President in all the
States of the Union," approved January
twenty-third, eighteen hundred and forty-
five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That if by the now exist-
ing laws of any State the election commencing
on the Tuesday next after the first Monday in
November, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
for the purpose of choosing electors of Presi-
dent and Vice President in such State shall be
required to be continued for more than one
day, then said election shall be continued the
number of days required by the laws of such
States.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CXC1X.—An Act to estahlish the Col-
lection Distiict of Du Lutb, and to create
Saint Paul,' in the Collection District of
Minnesota, a Port of Delivery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That a new collection
district, to be called the district of Du Lutli,
be, and the same is hereby, established, which
shall embrace all the territory, harbors, rivers,
and waters bordering on Lake Superior, and
lying in the State of Minnesota, and a collector
shall be appointed, to reside at Du Luth, which
shall be the port of entry for said district.
And the said collector shall receive the same
compensation provided for the collectors of
Pembina, Chicago, and certain other ports,
by the second section of the act entitled " An
act to regulate the foreign coasting trade on
the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers of the United States, and for other
purposes," approved June seventeenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-f'our.
Sec. 2. That Saint Paul, in the State of
Minnesota, be, and the same is hereby, cre-
ated aud established a port of delivery in the
collection district of Minnesota, and that a
deputy collector shall be appointed to reside
thereat, at a compensation not to exceed the
sum of one thousand dollars per annum.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CC.—-An Act to create an additional
Land District in the State of Kansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all that portion of
the Republican land district in the State of
Kansas, lying and being situated west, of the
first guide-meridian west of the sixth principal
meridian, be, and hereby is, constituted a new
land district, to be called the northwestern
land district.
Sec. 2. That the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, is hereby
authorized to appointa register and a receiver
for said district, who shall discharge like aud
similar duties, and receive the same amount
of compensation allowed to other officers dis-
charging like duties in the other laud offices
of said State.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CC1.—An Act to provide for holding
the United States District Court in the City
of Toledo.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be two
terms of the United States district court for
the northern district of Ohio held in the city
of Toledo, Ohio, in each year from and after
the passage of this act, the time and the length
of the terms to be fixed by the judge of said
court.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CCII.—An Act to regulate Criminal
Practice in the Federal Courts.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in every case where
a detnutrer is interposed to an indictment, or
to any count or counts thereof, or to any
information in anvcourt of the United States,
and such demurrer shall be overruled by the
court, the judgment thereupon shall be re-
spondeat-ouster; and thereupon a trial may
be ordered at the same term, or a continuance
may be ordered as justice may require.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CCIII.—An Act giving the assent of
Congress to the Subscription of the District
of Columbia to the Stock of the Piedmont
and Potomac Railroad Company.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the District, of Columbia
entitled "An act to authorize a subscription to
the stock of the Piedmont and Potomac Rail-
road Company upon certain conditions" be,
and the same is hereby, approved and sanc-
tioned : Provided, That before any part of the
said subscription shall be paid the Governor and
the Board of Public Works, acting separately,
shall be satisfied that said railroad will be
completed and used to a point on the Poto-
mac river opposite the city of Washington or
Georgetown by the aid of said subscription :
And provided, That no part of the said sub-
scription by said District shall be paid until
one million dollars shall have been subscribed
by private parties and shall have been actually
paid in cash and expended in the construction
of the road: And provided further, That the
said Piedmont and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany shall enter into bonds in the sum of
eight hundred thousand dollars, with good and
sufficient individual sureties, to be approved
by the Governor of the District of Columbia
and Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States, conditioned for the repayment, with
interest, of the money subscribed to the cap-
ital stock of the said company by the said Dis-
trict, if the said company shall fail to com-
plete the said road for the running of cars
within three years from the acceptance of the
six hundred thousand dollars to be subscribed
by the said District; and no part of such sub-
scription shall be paid until such bond be
given, approved, and filed in the office of the
secretary of the District of Columbia: And
provided further, That the tax levied by au-
thority of this said act shall not exceed thirty-
six thousand dollars for interest in any one
year: And provided also, That no bonds to
raise the funds that may be required to pay
the said subscription shall be disposed of by
said District at less than par.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CC1V.—An Act to withdraw from Set-
tlement and Sale a certain section of Land
in Wyoming Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section thirty,town-
ship fourteen north, range sixty-seven west,
of the public lands m Laramie county, Wyom-
ing Territory, be, and the same is hereby,
withdrawn from settlement and sale under
existing laws, and reserved for the use of the
city of Cheyenne, in said county, for the pur-
pose of enabling the ptoper authorities of said
oily to construct and maintain on said land a
reservoir of water for the supply of said city.
