1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4375
_Mr. CONKLING. When does the Senator
think it can l>e passed, if I may inquire-?
Mr. THURMAN. I am very certain if this
amendment of the Senator from Louisiana had
not been offered, or if it had been ruled to be
out of order, this bill would have been passed
hours ago, and we should all have been in our
beds.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But as it is, when does
the Senator think we can get a vote on it?
Mr. THURMAN. That is more than I can
tell.
Mr. CONKLING. What does the Senator
propose?
Mr. THURMAN. I propose that we shall
now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senate come to
an understanding that we shall take the vote
to-morrow at one or two o'clock without speak-
ing, as the subject is well understood ?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not think that could
be agreed upon. I appeal to the Senate now
to adjourn, because it is perfectly clear we
cannot get through with the bill to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not? MayLsuggest
to my friend that we should have an under-
standing to take a vote at one or two o'clock
to-morrow, without any further debate after
that time ? The Senator is aware that the sub-
jects are very familiar. They do not require
illustration.
Mr. THURMAN. Not the subject of all
these amendments?
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no. But take the
pending amendments and the civil rights bill.
I do not wish to say a word on the civil rights
bill.
Mr. THURMAN. The civil rights bill, I
have no doubt, has been spoken of very con-
siderably.
Mr. ®ONKLING. But this other has been
much more fully debated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Chair understand that the Senator from Ohio
moves that the Senate do now adjourn ?
["No!" "No!"]
Mr. SHERMAN. If my colleague will
withdraw the motion for a moment, I will say
but a word. I think this is the smallest matter
that I have ever seen a night session of the
Senate held upon; but as a matter of course
if the minority persist in talking we shall have
to sit it out. I am now in a condition to stay
here all night; but I repeat in all seriousness
that during all my experience I think this is
the smallest matter to have a night session
upou that I have ever seen. It is true if the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts
should be offered to add the civil rights bill,
or what is called the Ku Klux bill should be
offered, it would present questions of such
gravity that the minority might fairly use ail
parliamentary measures to resist it, and we
should have nothing to do if we made up our
minds to act upon them except to sit them
out. But this election law, according to the
statement made by my colleague himself, is
not a very unfair measure. He thought it was
a little unfair. It authorizes two men, if I
understand it. correctly 
Mr. EDMUNDS. One of each party.
Mr. SHERMAN. One of each party, to be
appointed to watch the course of the State offi-
cers in conducting the election—not that they
' can control it, not that they can stop the State
officers from violating the law, but simply to
watch them.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator will
permit me, I prefer to conclude what I have
to say on this proposition. I shall not be very
long now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to call attention
to the rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I have the floor
just at this moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
has not yielded the floor.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. But the
Senator from Delaware yielded only to a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will give way to the
Senator from Delaware in one moment. I
simply say that in my judgment we ought to
have a vote on this proposition, without stay-
ing here any longer, and then we could adjourn,
but otherwise the result is inevitable; we shall
sit here all night and prolong the session, or
have a called session, a thing that I do not
want. I do not think the minority are justi-
fied on the importance of this amendment to
keep us here one hour, especially as it has
been debated heretofore for several days.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to call attention
to the rule that no Senator shall speak more
than twice on the same subject, and I shall
insist on its enforcement from this time forth.
I wish the Chair would keep a record.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. What was
that last remark ?
Mr. EDMONDS. I will repeat it. I called
the attention of the Chair to the fourth rule,
and gave notice that I should insist upon its
enforcement, which declares that no Senator
shall speak on the same question more than
twice on the same day. Therefore Senators
may speak as long as they choose twice, but
not more, under the rules.
Mr. THURMAN. That does not apply to
anybody. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will apply to the Sen-
ator from Ohio the next time he undertakes
to talk on the subject.
Mr. THURMAN. I have spoken on the
amendment but once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, you have spoken
just now.
Mr. CONKLING. The pending motion is
to postpone.
Mr. THURMAN. I have spoken but once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, you have spoken
twice. The Senator has just made a speech
and had the floor, and I wish the Chair to
keep a count.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I prefer to finish what
few remarks I intend to make.
Mr. COLE. In the suspension of business
I would ask the Senator to permit me to offer
some five amendments from different commit-
tees that have been acted upou by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. SAULSBURY. No.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware insists upon his right to
the floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not give way. If
I choose to publish my remarks—I may and I
may not; that will depend on how they read
after I see them—I do no£ wish to publish
everybody else's speech in connection with
them ; so I hope 1 shall be allowed to get
through.
Mr. COLE. I would feel very much obliged
to the Senator if he would allow me to dis-
pose of these amendments.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I certainly would be
glad to accommodate the Senator from Cali-
fornia, but I do not intend to occupy much
more time of the Senate on this proposition,
and in fact did not expect to occupy half the
time that I have when I came into the Senate
Chamber at nine o'clock this evening, and
found this measure pending. I had no ex-
pectation that such a measure would be here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware is entitled to the floor, and
will proceed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. When I was inter-
rupted I believe I was speaking of the history
of the party to which I belong and contrasting
it with the history of the Republican party
that is now claiming and asking the confidence
of the American people for four years more.
I repeat, from the earliest period of the history
of the Democratic party yon cannot point to
a single violation of the Constitution by it in
all that period. The Democratic party has
ever been the' conservative party of the coun-
try^ It has ever been the guardian of the
Constitution. At every period, every viola-
tion of the Constitution has received its
protest.
Sir, there is no period in the history of the
Democratic party to which I can point with
more pride than its history during the dom-
ination of the Republican party in this coun-
try. I remember with what pride I read the
speeches uttered in this Hall when there were
only six or eight Democratic Senators, when
intolerance pervaded the minds of the Repub-
lican party, and they would scarcely tolerate
free speech. I remember with what pride I
read the protests that were then uttered ill this
Hall against the violations of the Constitution.
During the whole history of the Republican
party the Democracy have stood up in this
Chamber and contended for the preservation
of the Constitution.
Sir, that party, while it has not had the
numerical strength to determine any question
of legislation, has exercised a very wholesome
influence upon legislation by calling the atten-
tion of the country to acts detrimental to its
peace and prosperity, acts of legislation by the
Republicans in Congress, and to its protest
against the violation of the Constitution. We
proclaimed that you ought to grant amnesty to
the people who were debarred by the third
section of the fourteenth amendment. At first
you scouted and spurned such a proposition,
but we rang out the charges of injustice and
inhumanity until the voice of the country
joined in echo, and at the present session of
this Congress the Republican majority on this
floor has been compelled, reluctantly I admit,
but compelled, by the demands made for it by
the Democracy, to grant the boon of amnesty
to almost all those who were placed under dis-
abilities.
In like manner we have exerted a very
wholesome and salutary influence upon almost
every measure of public interest. You remem-
ber the struggle the other night upon' the
tariff bill which was to relieve the people of
this country, as I understand, from something
like $50,000,000 of taxation. You remember
the struggle which the Democracy in this
Chamber made for the passage of that bill,
and the records of this Congress will show that
that measure but for the voice and the vptes
of Democratic Senators never could have gone
through this body. So that while we have not
the numerical majority to pass a bill singly
and alone, yet we have had sufficient influence
upon the legislation of the country to compel
you in the enactment of your tariff laws to do
justice to a certain extent. While you have
not reduced the public duties more than half
what you ought to have reduced them, yet the
relief which has been given to the people of
this country is due to the influence Of the
Democracy upon the legislation of Congress ^
and now we give you notice that the taxes of
this country must come down so as to be on
a par with the demands of the Government.
Two hundred millions ought to-day to carry
on your Government and pay the interest on
the public debt and sink the principal to some
extent. And yet under your present tariff law
and the laws you have enacted this session,
you will collect nearly $300,000,000.
We tell you that that is oppression on the
people of this country, and we demand of the
Republican majority on this floor and in the
other House that they shall further reduce the
taxation which is imposed upon the people of
this country. We say we will give no peace
to the Republican party of this country until
they march up to the work. You can reduce
your Army from thirty to fifteen thousand men
without detriment to the public interests; you
could reduce the expenses of the Army from
$30,000,000 to $15,000,000, and have ample
military force in the country for ali its exi-
gencies.
But, sir, you are collecting under your taxa-
tion from the people of this country to-day
