1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2583-
try. It requires to-day that every station high
or low under the Government, at home or
abroad, shall be filled by men honest, capable,
and faithful:
I say for myself, without intending to cast
reproach on Administrations that have gone
before, that everything is being done which
can be done by the great man who occupies
the presidential chair in this direction, and
more than ever was done for the reform of
the civil service at any time in the experience
of' the members of this House. Every civil
position is as honorably filled to-day as ever
befote in the history of the- American Govern-
ment.
Gentlemen talk here, in the heat and excite-
ment of debate, about the extravagance of
expenditures. ^ I say to gentlemen that the
records of the Treasury show that the legiti-
mate expenditures of the Government under
the present Administration are less fifteen per
cent, per capita than under the administration
of Mr. Buchanan, the last Democratic Presi-
dent of the Republic.
Mr. WILLAUD. 1 now yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] for five
minutes.
Mr. BANKS, ft is not my purpose to deny
the fact that theie are very grave evils con-
nected with the civil service of this Govern-
ment. I limit myself to faying to the gentle
man who has reported tins bill, [Mr! Wil-
LAiiP,] and to other members of this House,
that in my opinion this bill does not reach
the difficulty; it does not afford a remedy.
The foundation of the difficulties conned ed
with the civil service is in the fact that of late
years the people have come to believe that
the only good for them or for their successors
is in obtaining office. The remedy for that is
a change in (heir opinions upon that subject,
which change will be brought about, by expe-
rience. Without going through the experi-
ment of obtaining office, they will be obliged
to change their opinion upon the question
whether it is the greatest good that a man can
attain. ,
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Fikkelx-
buiig] said that members of Congress would
be relieved from a great deal of annoyance if
they had nothing to do with the patronage of
the Government. Sir, every member of the
House, and every person connected with the
administration of the Government anywhere,
and at any time, and under any foim of gov-
ernment, will understand perfectly well that
there is annoyance connected with every duty
of government; and to escape annoyance we
must escape public service ; that is the only
way. But in accepting public service they
have nothing to do but to attend to the busi-
ness of other people, which is oftentimes a
very annoying and disagreeable duty. Nearly
three hundred years since Jacob Catz, of Hol-
land, in his illustrated.Moral Emblems, taught
that " who served the public hath a hard mas
ter." That always will be so.
But what I wanted to say on this particular
bill is comprised in the few words, that it does
not so much concern the rights, the interests,
or the advantage of members of Congress.
What it does concern is the capacity and the
power of the President to administer his duties
under the Constitution, in that consideration
it is as unwise and fatal a measure as ever has
been or ever can be proposed. In the first
place, I do not hesitate to express the opinion
that the interest of members of Congress gen-
erally is in having men appointed to office
who are good men, of fair minds and fair
character. The appointments that best satisfy
members of Congress are those that best
satisfy the public. And the public are best
satisfied by having fair-minded men appointed
t,o office. The instances where, men depart
this rule of recommendation to otSce
I to m
are very few. The instances where men seek
to build up personal aggrandizement by pa-
tronage are very few, and always fail. But
those instances where men support for office
fair-minded men are numerous, and always
of advantage to the Government,
Let me say another thing. There are no
men in the country that have so good oppor-
tunities and so good means of advising the
President in regard to appointments as mem-
bers of Congress. They have more ready
access to him and to the heads of Depart-
ments and bureaus than any other men can
have. Then, on the other hand, they know
better than any other men can know the char-
acter of those persons in their districts whom
they may recommend for office.
Now, this bill deprives the President of
that information in any way or shape or char-
acter. in the first, place, it forbids members
of Congress from volunteering information.
It is made tin unlawful act; it is the contem-
plation ot this bill to punish such an act by
fine or imprisonment, whether expressed in
this bill or not,
_ Mr.'BINGHAM. It is expressed in the bill
m substance.
Mr. BANKS. They cannot, therefore, give
any recommendation to him or to any head of
Deparimeutor chief of bureau, or to any other
officer of the Government, or to any third per-
son, even, without being liable to punishment
as for some offense or crime. That is what
it deprives members of Congress from doing.
There is one exception, however. If 1 know
that the President is about to appoint a man
who has been convicted of crime, or a man
who is utterly without any moral sense what
ever, this bill forbids me to give the President
notice of that fact or to give any other person
notice of it. But after he has appointed him,
then 1 am at liberty to give him notice that
he has appointed a criminal to office. That
is not legislation for us to adopt.
It is said the President may ask our opin-
ions concerning the men he is about to
appoint—the men recommended to bun.
Now, sir, if a member of Congress gives the
President any advice, he must under this bill
give it m writing and upon the condition that
when given it is to be published. Sir, no man
will ever give information to the President
under such circumstances. According to the
experience of every department of the 'Govern-
ment, fiom its foundation to the present time,
it has been found necessary that information
given in regard to appointments and other
matters of the kiud should be kept confiden-
tial and sacred. If such information were
given to the public in any form, the executive
department would be deprived forever after
of the opportunity to gain such information.
Now, sir, the provisions of this bill, that
members of Congress cannot give any informa-
.tion in advance of any appointment; that they
can merely notify the Pre ident or the head
of a Department, when an a pointment has
been made, that he has appointed a man unlit
for the place; that such information must be
given in writing and is to be published as soon
as it is given, make it impossible that, the
Government shall gain any information from
this source—the best source, in my judgment,
for enlightenment in regard to the performance
of such duties.
I feel assured that gentlemen of the commit-
tee will not ask us to commit, ourselves io a
bill of this kind. It changes the nature and
character of the Government; it deprives the
Executive of all possible advantage from our
experience and acquaintance with the people
of the country and with the duties of the
Government; and moreover, if we carry it out
to the extent proposed by the gentleman from
Missouri, and provide that members shall not j
communicate in these matters with the execu- i
tive officers, it makes the Government a rope |
of sand, a Government with no cohesion, no j
effective power to execute its purposes and j
carry out its principles. No free Government, |
no democratic ins'itutinns, can stand under I
such a state of things. I,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr, Speaker-
three things have been brought prominently
before us in this debate; first,that the Con-
stitution of the United States does not permit
us to inaugurate any civil service reform j sec-
ond, that the interests of our great party do
not allow us to cuter upon any such reform;
and third, that our civil service is now so pure
that it is not worth while to attempt to make
it better. These three points have been put
at us at every turn in this debate; and I wish,
to say a word or two concerning each.
My colleague [Mr. Bixgham] has just been
telling the House what the Constitution and
its guarantees are in this regard, and what is
theeffect ot the teachings of the Constitution
upon this bill. I call the attention of my col-
league to the fact that from the days of the
fathers down nearly to the present nine it has
been the golden rule of our policy of govern-
ment that the thre# great departments should
he separate, independent, of each other, co-
equal, coordinate, and that the rights of neither
should be encroached upon by the others.
1 here never was a nobler utterance oil this
point than that made by John Adams, and
adopted by till the fathers of the Government
and embodied in the constitutions of many of
the >Mates, that the ''legislative department
shall never exercise the executive and judicial
poivers, or either of ihcm ; the judicial shall
never exercise the legislative and executive
powers, or either of them ; and the executive
shall never exercise the legislative and judicial
powers, or cither of Iheni, to the end that
if may be a Government of laws, and not of
men."
Now, I affirm, Mr. Speaker, that during the
last, forty years the spirit and meaning of that
rule have been repeatedly violated in ilie
mode in which our civil service has been
administered. It, cannot be said with even
a show of truth that the executive depart-
ment of this Government does now exercise
his constitutional function of nomination to
office even, without the constant and increas-
ing pressure ot the legislative department.
And for many years the Presidents of the
United Stales have been crying out in their
agony to be relieved of this unconstitutional,
crushing, ii resistible pressure brought to bear
upon them by the entire body of that party
in the legislative department which elected
.them to power. Individual members of Con-
gress are no longer wholly responsible for this
state of things, for they are also pressed by
their political friends for help, which it is un-
derstood they are able to render. It is hardly
possible for any mail in public life to escape
this pressuie. But this state of things has
grown up gradually and by almost impercep-
tible degrees, until the old adjustment of the
different departments of the Government is
wholly changed.
1 affirm that ihis present custom and policy
is an apostasy ftom the oiigtnul policy of the
Government—an apostasy alarming m its
character and that the chiefest reason why
a leform in the civil service is required is
that the three powers, or particularly the two
powers of the Government, the legislative and
executive, may be restored to their indent nd-
ence, may be left unawed and uninfluenced
by the pressure of personal dictation and con-
trol.
We sometimes complain that our public
buildings are scattered so widely over this city.
1 hat policy was inaugurated by President
Washington, because he said the departments
ought to be kept separate and so far apart
that there should be no interference or col-
lusion between them. It is for that reason oar
public buildings here were located at points
so remote from each other.
Mr. BUlT.BK, of Massachusetts. Tell me"
your authority for that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
now.
Mr. BU i'LBR, of Massachusetts, I only
