1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
will support a road, if ever, capital will be
forthcoming for its construction.
The towns along the line will give aid, as
tlio towns in my State and in many other
States, even as far west as Illinois, have done
and are now doing, to secure the building of
railroads through them. These towns do not
think they have any claim upon the Govern-
ment to build railroads foe them. There
could be just as Strong reasons urged why the
Government should make a gram of land to
build a lailroad across the wilderness in the
northern part of the State of New York as up
the St. Croix valley in the State of Wisconsin,
and perhaps stronger, because.under existing
laws over six million acres of public land will
inuie to the State of Wisconsin for internal
improvements, while New York has received
none.
The advocates of the bill lay great stress
upon the fact that the settlers upon the even
sections along the proposed route of the St.
Croix road have paid to the Government the
price ot railroad lands for their farms $2 50
per acre instead of $1 25, which is all they
would have been required to pay had not the
grant been made to the road. They argue
that the Government is under obligations to
the settlers to renew the grant, and to keep on
renewing it until the road is built, or refund to
them half of their purchase-money. It is a
sufficient reply to this argument to say that
if it were currect the Government would be
obliged, if the company failed to do it, to step
in and build the road itself, or to extend and
recxtend the time for half a century, or longer,
at the company's dictation.
The settlers took the risk of the completion
of the railroad, and were willing to pay the
increased price for the reasonable probability
that it would be finished in accordance with
the terms of the act. A single fact will effect-
ually dispose of this whole argument about
the claims of the settlers. These settlers
would not to-day sell their land for three
time?! the price they paid the Government,
and I challenge contradiction to this state-
ment. They have therefore suffered no loss
and no wrong by the action of the Government
in demanding $2 50 an acre for the land they
bought.
ilr. Speaker, I have endeavored to make
clear in the short lime I have spoken the fol-
lowing points:
1. That the legislation pronosed in the Sen-
ate bill virtually makes a new grant.
2. That the land formerly granted to the St.
Croix road reverted to the United States in
18G9 by the terms of the law making the
grant, and is now public land.
3. That there are no valid reasons why Con-
gress should make a new grant of laud to the
road which cannot be more strongly urged in
favor ol' other proposed railroads in States and
Territories further west.
4. That the Government is in no way equi-
tably bound to make the grant by reason of
having sold lands along the proposed line at
$2 50 an acre.
Returning now to my second point, 1 pro-
pose to show why the land in question has not
been thrown open to settlement by the Land
Office as required by law. I send to the Clerk
to be read papers which will throw some light
upon this question, and I ask the House to
give their attention.
The Cleik read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, IX C., March 4,1872.
Sir: I have tho honor to send herewith, as desired
by jirn, u, copy of the agreement on tile in this office,
dated July 3, 1869, between the Commissioner ol the
General Land OUice and the Governor oi Wlseonsin,
ill regard to protecting the timber within the hums
of the grant for the St. Croix and L.jke Superior
railroad, under the acts ot June 3,1836, and May 5,
LSol.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.,
WILLIS DBUMMOND,
Ijomntisaioner.
Htm. John XI. Kktchav, Boum of ReprcsaitutiVei.
Department op the Interior,
General Land Office, July 3,1869.
Whereas it has been represented by Governor
Lucius Fairohild, the Governor of Wisconsin, that
tnere are extensive spoliations on the public lands
in Wisconsin, bo'h on the even and odd numbered
sections, "in place/' and "indemnity/' within
twenty mile limits, along the line of certain rail-
roads in that State, in which the grant has failed
by reason of the roads not having been completed
within the period stipulated in the grant; and
whereas it is represented by the said Governor that
the authorities of the State will undertake tho pro-
tection of the timber on the said odd sections, and
the amount of stumpage, or the amount of sale,
where compromise is inexpedient, shall be paid into
the treasury of the State, according to the act of the
Legislature of Wisconsin approved March 3, 1869,
entitled "An act to protect the lands and timber
thereon granted to the St. Croix and Lake Superior
Railroad Company," with this distinct understand-
ing:
t'ir.-.r., that there shall be a prompt, return at least
monthly made by the said Governor to the Depart-
ment of the Interior of the amount of the receipts
from stumpago in case of compromise or sale by the
State authorities of the timber in said odd sections,
for which amount the State shall bo liable to the
United States Government in the event th-1t said
railroad grants arc not renewed and extended by
act of Congress ; and second, the said Governor, as
the chief Executive/)! the State, hereby agrees that
in regard to any claim, either for the live per cent,
fund or for swamp indemnity, the said State shall
be charged with the amount received by the State
from stumpage or sale as aforesaid, unless hereafter
relieved from such liability by express act of Con-
gress extending thesaid railroad grants, or by other
remedial legislation.
JOS. S. WILSON,.
Commissioner.
LUCIUS KA1KCHILD,
Governor of Wisconsin.
Approved: J. D. COX,
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. KETCHAM I should have to use very
harsh terms to properly characterize this extra-
ordinary document. It is nothing less than a
bargain entered into by the late Commissioner
of the Land Office with the Governor of Wiscon-
sin, and indorsed by the late Secretary of the
Interior, to present the settlement under the
homestead and preemption laws of land which
had reverted to the United States in order
to give this railroa . company more time to
besiege Congress for a revival of their expired
grant. This contract has no warrant in law. It
must be regarded as a gross violation of lav/.
It puts the reverted lafids in charge of the State
of Wisconsin, with power to protect them,
which means to keep off settlers, and to collect
money from parties cutting timber upon them,
and hold in trust for the railroad company
until they can get their grant revived. By
virtue of this remarkable agreement, the Gov-
ernorof Wisconsin is required to make monthly
returns to the Land Office of the sales of tim-
ber. The records of the office do not show
that any returns have been made, and I am in-
formed that there is now a large sum of money,
the proceeds of timber sales, in the treasury
of the State of Wisconsin which belong to the
Government, and should be forthwith covered
into the Treasury.
For the benefit of a few speculators this vast
tract of' land, covered with valuable pine tim-
ber, has been kept from settlement for nearly
three years in defiance of law; and this has
been done in spite of the fact that Congress
has twice refused to pass a bill reviving the
grant. The measure tailed to pass the House
in the Fortieth Congress. In the Forty-First
it was again sent to us from the Senate, and
after full discussion was defeated. The whole
time allowed the Committee on the Public
Lands to submit its reports to the House_was
taken up on this bill. 1 voted against it on
that occasion, as I shall now, believing these
were no good reasons for its passage. Its
defeat ought to have been sufficient notice to
the luteiior Department for them to act upon
in declaring the lands restored to the public
domain. I do not know what excuse the
officers who made this contract, may bave_ to
offer for their conduct, but it cannot be denied
that in making it their action u as illegal and
wholly unjustifiable. It is. in my opinion, ques-
tionable whether, >lr. Speaker, the bill as it is
now before the House, with the ameaments
which the Committee on thte Public Lands have
incorporated-, pursuant to the instructions given
them, will be of any benefit to the railroad com-
pany. The amendment provides that only the
land shall be given the St. Croix road which
would otherwise go to the Northern Pacific rail-
road, and that the grant, shall include no land
for which the Northern Pacific railroad would
have the right to receive indemnity if granted
to the St. Croix road. It is doubtful whether
this would give the St. Croix road any land at
all, for the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany has acquired a vested right to its entire
grant, and the courts will decide that it is enti-
tled to indemnity if it is deprived of any por-
tion of it by subsequent legislation.
Nevertheless, as I know my fiiend from Wis-
consin will propose amendments to modify
these provisions, and give to the road part at
least of its original grant, or permit the bill to
pass and trust the Senate, and possibly a con-
ference committee, to give the railroad com-
pany the lands they ask in the original bill. I
now offer, in theinterest of the people, andto
avoid all litigation and controversy, an amend-
ment declaring all the land embraced iti the
grant public land, and open to settlement as
such. 1 do this to simplify action upon the
bill, and to direct the officers of the Interior
Department to disregard theunlawlul contract
just read, and not because I believe any legis-
lation is necessary to make the land revert to
the United States.
I now propose as a substitute for this bill
what 1 send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all alter the enacting clause, and insert
in lieu thereof tile following:
That all tho lands which were granted by Congress
in the year 185(5 and the year 1861 to the State of
Wisconsin to aid m tho construction of a railroad
from St. Croix rivei or lake to Lako Superior, with
a branch toad to Baylield, the s.ud grant having
expired by limitation, be, and hereby are, forfeited
to the United States, and shall henceforward be
subject to homestead entry and settlement under
the act of Congress approved May 20, 1862, " to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the publio
domain," and shall he disposed of according to the
provisions ot said aet.
Amend the title so as to read as follows:
A bill to declare forieited to tho United States cer-
tain lands granted to the State of Wisconsin to aid
in constructing a railroad and branch therein.
The S PEAKE R pro tempore. The question
will first be upon the amendments reported
by the Committee on the Public Lauds under
instructions of'the House.
Mr. ICHTCHAM. I jiow yield to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Barber.]
Mr. BARBER. I will yield to my colleague
[Mr. Eldrhdge] to offer an amendment.
Mr. ELDEEDGE. I move to amend section
two of this bill, as reported, by striking out
near the close of the section the following:
Or as granting to said State any lands in lieu of
which other lands might beselec ted by said Northern
Pacific llailroad Company.
Mr. BARBER. Mr. Speaker, I have not
hitherto obtruded myself upon the House ; I
do not propose to occupy much of its time in
the future. I intend humbly and quietly to
give my vote as my conscience may dictate to
be light. 1 propose now to answer the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Ketcuam,]
the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, who has spoken in opposition to this
bill. Some of those statements are so wild
and extravagant tuat 1 was astonished to bear
them. The gentleman calls this a new grant.
Men may differ about that.
The opponents of this bill denounce it as a
new grant; and they say there is quite a general
and growing sentiment against this land-grant
policy in aid of railroads. The friends of tho
measure say thai it is not a new grant, bui
that it is simply au extension of time to the
State of Wisconsin to enable her to complete
a contract fairly entered into between that
State and the United States for the building
of ikese roads,
Kow, strippud of all verbiage, what was the
original aot? It was simply a proposition on
the part of the General Government that if
