1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8479
subj ect to the same restrictions, in the extension and
construction of the said lateral railroad into and
within the said District, as they may exercise or are
subject to under and by intent of their said charter
or act of incorporation, in the extension and con-
struction of any railroad within the State of Mary-
land ; and shall be entitled to the same rights, com-
pensation, benefits, and -immunities, in the use of
said road, and m regard thereto, as are provided in
their said charter, except the right to construct any
lateral road or roads within the said District from
the said lateral branch or road hereby authorized ;
it being expressly understood that the said Balti-
more and Potomac Railroad Company sfiall have
power only to construct from the said Baltimore and
Ipotouiac railroad one lateral road within the said
District to some point or terminus within the city
and county of Washington, to be determined in the
manner hereinafter mentioned."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I cull atten-
tion to this point for this purpose: it will be
noticed in all the acts of Congress of this sort
up to the present time we have carefully stipu-
lated that other roads should have equal and
similar privileges provided they paid a fair and
reasonable compensation therefor; but this
road now comes in here asking for a lateral
branch to dodge all the acts we have hereto-
fore passed in relation to this subject, and has
a lateral branch extending from Virginia ave-
nue up to Sixth street and across and near the
public park, where no other road is entitled to
any privileges whatever. I assume it is for
this purpose that this project is so persistently
insisted upon, for the accommodations thatwe
have given them are really better in my judg-
ment as they now are than they will be after
they get this legislation. It is {'or the purpose
of excluding every other railroad that now
exists in the city or that may hereafter come
in from having any accommodations or privi-
leges except such as they choose to concede
to them that they now insist upon this addi-
tional and exclusive bill.
I desire the Secretary also to read a portion
of the third section of the act of February 5,
1867.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"But nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to authorize the entry by said company
upon any part of any lot oi &quaro owned by the
United States within the city of Washington, for the
purposes of locating or constructing the said road,
or excavating the same, or for the purpose ol taking
therefrom any materials, or for any other purposo
or uses whatsoever; but the said company, 111 pass-
ing into the District aforesaid, and constructing the
said road within the same, shall enter the city ot
Washington at such place, and shall pass along such
public street or alley, to such point or terminus
within the said city, as may be allowed by Congress
upon presentation of survey and map of proposed
location of saidioad: Provided, That the level ot
said road within the said city shall conform to the
present graduation of the streets, unless Congress
shall authorize a different level."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Here it will
be seen that there was a solemn enactment
that this company should not trespass or in-
trude upon any of these public squares or
grounds belonging to the park. It was an
agreement on their part they would not do so.
There was no purpose then manifested to do
anything of the sort) or if there had been I can
say very truly that the bill would have stood
a sorry chance of success in the Senate of the
United States. It was only on the distinct
understanding, and I might almost say the
pledge, that that was not the object, and
never would be, that the bill passed.
We again find this corporation knocking at
the doors of Congress on the 18th of March,
1869. They were here almost as soon as we
opened our doors, for it is the second act that
passed after the commencement ol the session.
Then we gave them the right to fix and
determine upon their route into the city, and
gave them the choice of two different routes,
as will be found in the Statutes-at-Large, vol-
ume sixteen, page 2. Any one looking at the
map which I have had brought into the Cham-
ber will easily see the choice that was given
thetn. The next time we legislated upon this
subject we gavethem the choice of two routes
into the city, not to enable them to get the
right of way at a cheap rate, for that was made
entirely free in any event. They were to pay
nothing, for we let them in our avenues and
streets, public property with which we are
always generous. 1 ask the Secretary to read
what I have marked in the act of March 16,
1869.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"First. Beginning at the intersection of Boundary
street and North Carolina avenue; thence south-
westwardly along said North Carolina avenue to
south D street; thence along south D streetwest-
wardly to Virgiuia avenue; thencc along Virginia
avenue northeastwardly to the intersection of south
C street and west Ninth street; or,
" Second. Beginning at some point on the northern
shore of the eastern branch of the Potomao river
between south L and south M streets; thence west-
wardly between said streets to the intersection of
Virginia avenue with south L and east Twelfth
streets: thence along said Virginia avenue north-
westwardly to south IC street; thence along said
south K street westwardly to south Fourth street;
thence by a line curving to the right to the north
bank of the canal, and thence along the said bank
of the canal northwestwardly to Virginia avenue;
thence along Virginia avenue northwestwardly to
the intersection of south C and west Ninth streets."
Mr. MORRTLL, of Vermont. The next
time that we were called upon by this railroad
company was in 1870, and then we extended
the time for building the road, and also gave
them another option, as will be found in sec-
tion two of the act. I ask the Secretary to
read section two of the act approved March
25, 1870.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"That the said company, if it shall so elect, is
hereby authorized to adopt a line in tho city of
Washington Irom some point west of cast Fourth
street, in the line designated in tho act of Congress
approved March 38, 1869, as passing along south Iv
street, thence crossing to and passing along tho
south bank of the canal to fcouth Capitol street, and
thence northwestwardly to Virginia avenue, there
intersecting and passing along the line described in
said act approved March 18,1869, as passing along
Virginia avenue northwestwardly to the intersection
of south C and west Ninth streets."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Thus it will
be seen that we have already given three
opportunities for their coming in here to the
city of Washington and locating their depot.
We have given them the option to take any
line almost they might see fit. We have fixed
the point of their depot as they desired. In-
stead of requiring them to buy the land and
pay for it, we have allowed them to come in
on the streets free of cost, whereas if they had
been compelled to pay for their land in the
city it would have cost them more than halt a
million, and very probably a million dollars.
Then, in addition to that, there is still another
favor that we have granted this road of a very
modest and unpretending character, and that
was done June 20, 1870. In a short time
after the other act was passed they came here
again, and we gave them a right then to go
through the District, and we gave them a
railroad bridge already constructed—saving
to them a very large sum of money on the
condition, to be sure, that they should keep it.
in repair; but it will be noticed that in that
act we have provided that said railroad
company shall give other railroad companies
the right to pass over said bridge upon such
reasonable terms as may be agreed upon or
Congress prescribe.',
But, sir, this is not all. On the 3d of March,
1871, we did fix upon the precise spot for their
railroad depot by an act which 1 ask the
Secretary to read.
The Chief' Clerk read as follows :
An act supplementary to " An act to authorize the
extension, construction, and use of a lateral brancn
ot the Baltimore and Potomac ll.ulroatt Company
in, to. and within the District of Columbia, ap-
proved February 5, J8R7.
He it enacted, That the Baltimore and Poto-
mac Railroad Company be, and they arc hereby,
authorized to erect over their tracks on Virginia
avenue, between west Sixth street and we&t .Seventh
street, in the city of Washington, a pa^enger depot
building, covering the following-described area, to
wit: commencing at the intersection of tbe building
line of south side of south C utreet produced and the
building line of east side of west Seventh street pro-
duced thence along last-mentioned ine southward
tn <i nni'it thence by hneparallel with and furtj (cot
distant Northward from buddmg line of southe! y
side of Virginia avenue to a point in building line
of west side of west Sixth street produced, thence by
last-mentioned line northward to a point, thence
by line parallel with and forty feet distant, south-
ward from budding line of northerly aide of Virginia
avenue-to a point, thence northward by line parallel
with and eighty feetdistant eastward from the build-
ing lino of east side of west Seventh street produced
to a point in building lino of south sido of south C
street produced, thence by last-mentioned line west-
ward to the plaoeof beginning; which shall be of
tho same style of architoeturo as the depot of tho
Pennsylvania Railroad Company at the city of Lan-
caster, in tho State of Pennsylvania: Provided,
That the assent of the munioipal authorities of the
city of Washington or of tho District of Columbia
be first obtained to the erection of said depot.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will be
seen that Congress gave them the right to
construct a railroad aejwt at a point where it
would cost them nothing for tlie land, and
now it is proposed to give another au$ equal
privilege on the public squares and grounds
which at first they were expressly forbidden to
enter and which they disavowed any purpose
to ask for. Any Senator by looking at the
map will see that the railroad depot is to cover
one half of the width across the public grounds
and that there is to be a double track on a nar-
row street for the remainder of the way. How
is it possible that any Senator can pretend for
a moment that that is not a total destruction
and cutting off of the head from the body of
the public park? Most certainly it is a fatal
decapitation.
I only feel the same interest in this matter
that other Senators ongbt to feel; it is of
purely public concern ; but 1 have kept myselt
informed upon the subject because it was my
duty to do so, from my position on the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
1 ask Senators to look at what is proposed
to be done here. If a railroad with any busi-
ness should come in here, covering one half
of the way across the public grounds, then
with a double track across the other half, with
not less than fifty trains a day running over it,
perhaps, as will ba if they do any considerable
amount of business, and with railroad cars
standing from time to time, when one tr$in
shall go out and another come in, upon these
tracks, will any one pretend that all this will
not be a total obstruction of any other travel
across that street, and will it uot wring ofi tha
park at the neek ?
Mr. CONKUNG. Which street?
Mr. M0RU1LL, of Vermont. Sixth street;
and hence a total prevention of moving from
one end of the park to the other. Now, 1
desire to say here that the public park, with-
out any considerable appropriation ol moiwjy,
will be in the eour.se ot anoiher year so far
completed that it will admit of travel from owe
end to the other, with the exception of mak-
ing proper connections and completing ths
roadway, perhaps, through the Botanic Garden
and some other parts. _ These grounds, as an
appendage to the Capitol, are to day of equal
value with tho public buildingH thoinsejveN.
No gentleman, i think, who has studied the
question will dispute the tact, Moult} any
Senator allow before his own mansion a t'ail-
road depot like this, with cars coming and
going all the time, ringing, whistling, and
screaming ? And if he would not allow them
before his own door, shall we.allow them right
at (he very door oi the Capitol itself /
Mr. President, 1 have only desired to pre-
sent the facts in this case, and do not, wish to
detain the Senate a moment longer than may
be necessary to hear the document*, for i think
the documents I have presented and sliali pre-
sent will show the facts sufficiently plain to
Senators without any further comment from
me.
Now I desire to call attention to what was
done by Congress in 1833 in relation to this
matter. It seems that in 1852, by souio; mis-
take, Congress did grant this land to the city ot
Washington for the construction of a canftl.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator give me
a reference to the book be rends Irom and the
p«f?e ~
M
r.' MORRILL, of Vermont. I am reading
