1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Wisconsin would cause to be built a railroad
from Madison, by way of Portage to the St.
Croix lake or river, and thence to the west end
of Lake Superior and Bayfield, and would for-
ever free of charge or toll transport over that
road all the soldiers and munitions of war that
the United Slates might wish to have trans-
ported over the road, then the United States
would give to the State of Wisconsin for thus
completing these roads each alternate odd-
numbered section on each side of the line of
the road to the width of six miles; and the
ungranted land—to be rendered by said road
more valuable—should they be sold would thus
be at double the minimum price of other lands,
to wit, $2 50 per acre.
Now, here was a proposition; here was a
contract offered to the State of Wisconsin.
The State, at the earliest possible period, hy
the action of her Legislature, accepted that
contract and agreed to fulfill it. The earliest
period at which the State could act was in the
winter of 1856-57. The State immediately em-
ployed its agencies for the completion of these
roads. But at that time there came severe
financial disaster throughout the West. Every
bank suspended and many went into bank-
ruptcy. There was a great scarcity of money
in the country. The produce of the farmers
was worth almostnothmg. To obtain exchange
on New York we had to pay from six to ten
per cent. I paid six per cent, in gold. Others
paid (en per cent, in gold. How was it with
the Government of the United States? This
great, and wealthy nation was unable to bor-
row money except upon exoibitant discounts.
This condition of monetary depression con-
tinued till the opening of the war, and pre-
vented the State from entering upon the work
to any great extent.
When the war came one party to that con-
tract was threatened with annihilation; the
other party proved loyal and true. Wisconsin,
with only seven hundred and fifty thousand
inhabiiants, sent over ninety thousand men to
the field to uphold this Government that had
made this contract with the State in regard to
the building of these roads. Wisconsin sent
into the ranks of the Army almost one eighth
of her entire population. .Men were recruited
right oS'the lines and the works of these rail-
roads to go and uphold the Government. Does
it then come with a good grace from this Gov-
ernment to say that the State has no excuse
for the delay during the long period of the war?
But the State did enter upon the work. It has
completed more than one half. This very line
Of road, from St. Croix lake to the west end of
Lake Superior and Bayfield, was begun before
or during the war. When the recruiting officer
came and took the men from their work, the
company had graded almost twenty miles.
Now, 1 hold it to be true that in a contract
for the sale of lauds there is no forfeiture
unless there be some violation of the very
essence of the contract. Courts of equity
always give to the purchaser time beyond that
limited in the contiact to fulfill it, where the
purchaser is acting in good faith.
Tb&gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Ketch-
am] says that Wisconsin took no steps to build
the road. Sir, Wisconsin has built and com-
pleted more than one half, and was grading
this very Hue of road while the war was going
on. The gentleman farther says that this com-
pany wants to obtain these lands to sell them
at high prices; that the lands are of immense
value; that they are worth at least tea dollars
an acre. Why, then, have not homesteaders
gone and taken the ungranted land? There
was no hir.derance or impediment to prevent
homesteaders from going and settling one half
of all the lands designated within thisconlract.
But the gentleman from New Yoik says that
there was an unwarrantable contract between
the Governor of Wisconsin and the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. Why, sir, I
am surprised that he did not introduce a resolu-
tion to inquire into the conduct of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. This
seems to be the day of investigations. Unwar-
rantable contract! Bargain between the Gov-
ernor and the Commissioner! Where is it?
The gentleman again says this is a well-set-
tled country, and the laud is every day growing
more valuable. I wish to call the attention
of the House, and ask them to listen to me, to
see how this country is settled. This railroad
runs through the counties of Barron, Burnette,
Douglas, Bayfiiild, and Ashland. Burnette has
seven hundred and six inhabitants and forty-
five townships. Is that a well-settled country ?
Arc there inhabitants of sufficient number to
enable them of themselves to build this road ?
Barron has five hundred and thirty-eight in-
habitants only, as shown by the census of 1870,
and twenty-five townships, only about twenty
inhabitants to a township. That cannot be
called a well-settled country. Douglas county
has twelve hundred and twenty-two inhabitants
and thirty-eight townships. Is that a well-set-
tled country? Bayfield has three hundred and
forty-four inhabitants only, and there are forty-
two townships, less than nineteen to a town-
ship. Barron county has five hundred and
thirty-eight inhabitants, and there are twenty-
five townships. Is that a well-settled country ?
Ashland has two hundred and twenty-one in-
habitants and forty-two townships, less than
six inhabitants to every thirty-six square miles.
Yet the gentleman calls that a well-set-tied
country, where the land is worth not less
than ten dollars an acre—about one hundred
and ninety-two townships, with only three
thousand and thirty-one inhabitants.
But the gentleman says again that the bill
infringes the right of the Northern Pacific rail-
road, if it should pass. It is alleged that the bill
as originally introduced, or as amended, in-
fringes the rights of the Northern Pacific rail-
road. The gentleman also alleged that it was
very questionable whether the title of the North-
ern Pacific does not attach to these very lands
by thegrant made to that company, The grant
to the Northern Pacific railroad allowed the
company to start its railroad frum any point
in Wisconsin or Minnesofa it should det-ignate.
They have not designated any point in Wis-
consin. They have no rights, therefore, as yet
which attaches under their grant; and the
commissioner of public lands so decides.
And the gentleman speaks of Wisconsin as
if it had received immense grants. As there
seems to be a wrong impression in the House
as to the amount of aid Wisconsin has re-
ceived, I desire to state the exact facts. How-
much do you suppose Wisconsin has received
in the way of grants of the public lands for
railroad purposes? She has received only
about two thirds of a million of acres. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hay] said that
she had received more in value than Illinois
had. Now, Illinois has received two and a
half million and odd acres, and every acre has
been valuable Government land, while those
granted to the State of Wisconsin those which
she has actually received, are of little value.
The Northwestern road sold large quantities
of the land granted in aid of the building of
that road, not averaging more than forty cents
an acre. On this very hue of road there were
about two hundred thousand acres ofiandsold,
and some of it sold for not more than twenty-
five cents an acre. So I have been informed
by a gentleman upon this floor who was privy
to it, officially connected with it, and knows
the fact.
Let us see how much Wisconsin has received.
I ask the Clerk to read a letter which I have
received from the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of thk Ixteriok,
General Land Orpics,
Washington-, D. C„ March 11, 1872.
Sir : In repiy to your letter of 13th instant, I have
the honor to state that the total amount of land cer-
tified or patented to Wisconsin or its grantees for
railroad purposes is 1,612.973 acres. Deduct from
this the quantity which was certified for the St.
Croix and Lake Superior railroad, but which has
sinco lapsed, 843,458 acres, and there are left 799,515
acres, for which the State or its grantees have ob-
tained title by the construction of the roads, the
grant to the State for the St. Croix railroad being
the only one whioh has been forfeited.
Very respectfully,
WILLIS DKUMMOND,
Commissioner.
Hon. J. Allhx Barber, House of Representatives.
Mr. BARBER. That is all Wisconsin has
received from the Government in aid of the
construction of railroads; and much of that
land sold for less than forty cents an acre, and
some sold as low as twenty-five cents an acre.
Now, as General Paine stated a year ago
upon this floor, the Government has received
by reason of the bonus, the price of the alter-
nate section being duplicated, in excess of the
usual price some six hundred and fifty thou-
sand seven hundred and fifty dollars. That, was
more than one year ago. Along the line of this
railroad the Government of the United States
has sold some two hundred thousand acres at
double the minimum price, and has in its
Treasury $250,000 extra money exacted upon
the promise of this railroad being built. Every
man that bought an acre of land along the line
of that road was promised hy the United States
that he should have access to Lake Superior
by railroad. It was a part of the contract.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KETCHAM. I yield the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Barker] five minutes
further.
Mr. BARBER. Many members here, owing
to the general outcry against land grants, may
be induced to vote against this bill, although
at the same time they say it is just, and that
it ought to pass. Well, Mr. Speaker, I say
that whatever is right, is expedient ; whatever
is wrong, is inexpedient; and I say that every
man should be guided by integrity of purpose
and purity of conscience in all his acts. Now,
I ask, would it be just in the United Stares,
having probably at this time seven hundred
thousand dollars, or perhaps more, of moneys
that have been received by the Government
above the minimum price, in consequence of
this promise of a railroad extending to Lake
Superior—would it be right in the United
States to exact a forfeiture on a mere ques-
tion of time? No honest man ever so deals
with his neighbors. Any honest man who has
dealings with his neighbor on a contract con-
cerning lands gives time. The circumstances
of the case, and the conduct of the buyer,
always furnish an excuse for extension.
In the case of Wisconsin, poverty sat at our
door until after the commencement of the war.
We sent forth about one eighth of all our in-
habitants to sustain this Government during
the war. That, I think, furnishes a good ex-
cuse for asking an extension of time. The
time that was left after the expiration of the
war was too short for completing the road.
We say, then, that this is a just measure. I
thought it was just as the bill was originally
passed by the Senate. It does not do any-
thingbut justice. The Government, whenever
they have sold a foot of land to any one along
the line of this road, have in their contract to
sell, by exacting double price, promised a
railroad. If the time be extended these peo-
ple will have the advantage of the railroad
that was contemplated in their contract. No
man in the discharge of his duty should yield
to popular clamor. Let lis do right, and let
consequences take care of themselves. Men
and parties are strong in the confidence of the
people only as they do right and justice.
This tract of land is comparatively a wilder-
ness, as is shown by the number of inhabitants
in the various counties which I have enumer-
ated. The country will not be settled for a
quarter of a century, and this railroad will not
be constructed during my lifetime, or within
that of any man here, unless aid be given to
its construction. There is nothing objection-
able in this bill as creating a monopoly in the
