4376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,j
nearly one hundred million dollars peramftim
more than you ought to collect. Aud then
you vote it away in subsidies, and confer it
upon corporations. Instead of husbanding the
public lands for the purpose of contribution
to the payment of the public debt and of car-
rying on the Government, ysou squander them
upou railroad companies; you have given away
more than an empire to a single railroad com-
pany. I have in my hand the advertisement
of the Northern Pacific railroad. They say:
■" The land grant of the Northern Pacific railroad
consists of twelve thousand eight hundred acrcs to
each mile of track through Minnesota, and twenty-
fivo thousand six hundred acrcs per mile through
Dakota, Montana, Idaho, Washington, and Oregon,
the branch to Pugot sound having the same grant
as the main line. Tho average for the whole length
of the road and branch is over twenty-three thou-
sand acrcs per mile, and tho total exceeds fifty mil-
lion acres."
Here are the men whom you have enriched,
sending out their advertisements as an induce-
ment to people to invest in their bonds, pro-
claiming that you have given them twenty-
three thousand acres per mile for the whole
road. They say further of these lands:
"Atonly* $2 50 per acre, Govornmont price, these
lands will build and equip the road, leave it freo of
debt, and placo a surplus of $25,000,000 ia the com-
pany's treasury."
Was ever such profligacy heard of in this
country? You incorporate a railroad company
composed of leading Republicans as its corpor-
ators. You confer upon them public lands
that at Government prices will build their
whole road according to their owu declaration
and equip their whole road, and leave them a
clear balance of $125,000,000, and this while
you are taxing the people of this country most
onerously I
Now, sirs, I say that we have exercised a
potent influence on your legislation on the sub-
ject of taxation at the present session. Aud
while the Democratic party continues to exist
in this land—as I hope it will ever continue to
exist—it must be a power that will influence
the legislation of this country for good. And
I say, in conclusion, Mr. President, that party
which heretofore has been the defender of the
people's liberties, the preserver of the Consti-
tution of the country, and that is to-day ex-
erting such a wholesome influence upon the
legislation of tho country, that party, I hope,
will continue to the last niche of recorded time
as the great conservative party of the country.
The Democrats of this country should never
permit their organization to be disrupted, but
stand faithful, shoulder to shoulder, contending
for the rights of the people, the rights of the
States, and not suffer themselves to be deceived
or to be led into improper combinations or
unholy alliances. There is nothing iu the past
record of the party of which it ought to be
ashamed. .There is nothing in the future des-
tiny of tho party that is at all discouraging.
Let it stand, then, as the conservative party
of the country, and around it let every one op-
posed to the usurpation of the party now in
power rally. Let them come up and help the
Democracy of this country to displace from
power a party which has violated almost every
provision of the Constitution and has been
reckless in tho public expenditures, unmindful
of the liberties of tho people, which, if con-
tinued in power, must prove the bane and the
destruction of Amerjeau liberty.
Mr. KELLY, (at one o'clock and thirty-two
minutes a. m. Saturday.) Mr. President, I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The question being put, the Presiding Officer
declared that the noes appeared to prevail.
Mr. KELLY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 27; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of iexas, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Sauls-
bury, feehurz, btevenson, Ihurman, Tipton. 'from-
bail, ana vinkers—IB.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Boreman. Caldwell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Crugin,
iEdmutids. Fcrrv of Michigan, Planngarj, FreHng-
auygen,li6we, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Pomeroy* Poo}, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer,
Scott, Sherman, Sumner, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Meters. Alcorn, Anthouy, Bayard,
Blair, Brownlow, Buckingham. Cameron, Clayton,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Grold-
thwaite, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson.
Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Spencer, Sprague, Stew-
art, Stockton, West, Wiuduiu, and Wright—34.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. KELLY. Mr. President, as Senators
are all wide awake now, I move that the pres-
ent bill be laid upon the table for the purpose
of taking up the Calendar, and I will state the
reason. We are making no progress here.
There are a great umny bills, small bills, that
can be readily passed between this and morn-
ing. If we stay here that long, we can dispose
of a great many bills that cannot be reached
in the morning hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to inquire whether
a motion to lay on the table is debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. KELLY. 1 have not yet made the
motion. I am giving the reason why 1 will
presently make that motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I hope the Ohair
will remember that the gentleman has spoken
once on the motion to postpone.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Has the
Senator spoken before on the motion to post-
pone indefiifitely ?
Mr. KELLY. No, sir. I will simply say
that I now make the motion to lay the bill 011
the table fur the purpose I have indicated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon moves to lay the bill ou the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I was very
much astonished at the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sukuman] a few moments
since, on the character of the subject 011 which
we have had the descussion this evening. lie
intimated that it was vastly strange that a dis-
cussion should be had at any considerable
length on a proposition so simple as that be-
fore the Senate. The rule which we have
governing this case reads as follows :
"Jleiuhcd, That during the presontscssion itshall
bo 111 order at any time to move a recess ; and, pend-
ing an appropriation bill, to move to confino debato
on amendments thereto to five minutes by any Sen-
ator 011 the pen ding motion, and such motions shall bo
decided without debate. And 110 amendment to any
such bill making legislative provisions, other tlian
suoh as directly relate to the appropriations con-
tained in tho bill, shall be received."
Mr. President," there are two propositions
contained in that resolution. The first one was
inserted for the purpose of economizing time,
and debate was therefore limited to five minutes
on each individual amendment to au appropria-
tion hill in order that time should be econo-
mized. The last proposition, if I understand
it aright, was intended to prevent vicious legis-
lation. The Senate had become well aware,
indeed the country was well aware, that while
it was possible at the end of a session to move
as amendments to appropriation bills such
matter as wasnotlegitimate, much vicious legis-
lation was the result; aud I take it for
granted, therefore, if I have not eutirely mis-
construed the latter clause of this resolution,
that it was adopted with the distinct under-
standing that our honor as Senators was pledged
man to man that we would keep that rule in its
letter ami in its spirit. I am at a loss to know,
therefore, how any man who intends to act
upon the high plane of honor can under that
resolution offer the amendment, that the Sen-
ator from Louisiana has offered this evening.
He is pledged to me, he is pledged to every
Senator on this floor as a man of honor, that
he will not offer an amendment to an appropri-
ation bill, doing what? Appropriating m.oney,
either as an original proposition or as a prop-
osition legitimate, because it concerns an ex-
penditure already provided for by law? No,
sir; but I understand that we aie pledged
sacredly as honorable men, men that w,ill not
lie face to face, that in discussing these hills
we will not undertake to place riders upon
them, but that we will only propose such
amendments as shall be in accordance with
the proper function of an appropriation bill.
I therefore cannot understand how it is that
any Senator brings in an amendment which is
not legitimate, which cannot byany species of
argumentaiion be denominated germane to a
bill of that character. 1 speak in 110 factious
sense upon this question. I speak as a man
of plain, practical, common sense, to men of
plain, practical, common sense ; and I say that
I am pledged to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] who sits before
me, and who is so soon to occupy the seat that
is now temporarily occupied by the Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] whose retiring
modesty causes him to place a fan between his
audience and himself this evening, [laugh-
ter]—I say that I am sacredly pledged to ihe
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, and
he is_sacredly pledged to me, that on an ap-
propriation bill he will not undertake to pass
an act controlling and regulating the elections
of this country; and no man in this Senate
will have the boldness to deny that proposition.
So truly was that proposition understood iu
this Chamber that honorable Senators went to
Senators who have made statements this even-
ing and said to them, "Gentlemen, we cannot
be permitted under that resolution to offer
anything except that which is legitimate as
matter of appropriation ; we may add to au
appropriation ; we may take from an appro-
priation ; we may modify an appropriation;
wc may change an appropriation ; we may
move to strike out an appropriation* but it
must be a question of appropriation; and as
we can do nothing but that, you need not fear,
gentlemen, we will not undertake iu the hours
of the night or the hours of the day to spring
upon you any such irrelevant question as
this." It is in evidence in this Chamber to-
night that that is the feeling and that has been
the view of gentlemen in regard to this; and
if I, holding the view I entertain of those who
undertake to introduce an am&ndment for the
purpose of general legislation, should under-
take to do it, I could not do so and be vindi-
cated with the view I have of that resolution.
Mr. President, there is a cause for all'this;
there is a special reason why ; and if the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana held the view
that other Senators hold upon that question,
he would be very reluctant to obtrude a prop-
osition here that was not considered germane
by a large number, I presume, of the Senators
with whom he is cooperating on this floor.
There is therefore a pressing necessity ima-
gined as in existence why this amendment is to
be placed on this bill. For the purpose of
extending the provisions of an election law
we have been engaged in long and warm dis-
cussions in this Chamber. The bill wo passed
on that subject has passed away from us; the
bill has not come back to us. Why, then, be iu
such hot haste if there is not any special object
in' this matter? Why in suoh hot haste to
reenact that bill which we sent away from this
Chamber with a message announcing to the
other branch of Congress that the bill had
been passed by us, about the same hour in the
night, perhaps, as we are attempting to reenact
it here? That bill was for the purpose of
extending an act of Congress. The original
act was passed, if I remember aright, atui
approved May 31, 1870. It had some very
strange and remarkable provisions in it. It
was intended to meet an emergency that might
arise in the imagination of gentlemen who
were very sensitive on the subject of enforcing
the_ rights guarantied to the citizens of the
United States; and accordingly in the tenth
section of that original bill was that strange
provision that the marshals being in authority
