8480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
fromthelawsof the District of Columbia, pub-
lished in 1808, page 04.
We gave these lands then to the District,
bat it was soon found that the lands had been
specially set apart and appropriated from the
very foundation ofth'e Government for a public
park, and then, in the very next year, in 1833,
we paid the city of Washington $150,000 and
took these lands back ; and, by the way, in the
first instance, the whole grant was to cease and
determine provided they did not build the canal,
(as they did not,) and keep it open and fit.for
use. In addition to that the second section
especially sets these groupds apart for the pur-
pose of a public park. It is provided:
"That the Commissioner of Public Buildings is
hereby authorized to cause all the open grounds be-
longing to the United Slates, which m the original
plan of tiie city were reserved tor public walks,
lying- between the Maryland and Pennsylvania
avenues to be inclosed with a wooden feiice, and to
lay out the same according to such plan tor the
improvement thereof as the President of the Uni-
ted States may approve, in grass, and intersected
by suitable paths and roads tor intercourse and
recreation."
it cannot be denied that this scheme of ruin-
ing and destroying the pack is not one of very
considerable magnitude, nor is it a question
whether we are to extend accommodations to
this railroad, for we have extended vastly better
accommodations than they will have if they
come across on this line. We have spoiled
them by giving them all they asked. There is
ample room and verge enough for them ori
Virginia avenue, where they themselves fixed
upon the place for their depot, and where it is
now fixed by law, and there is besides room
there, where land is at a moderate price, for
other roads; but there is where the trouble
comes in. It is because this railroad want3 td
dodge any connection witli any other road that
they insist upon the Congress of the United
States passing this bill, and passing it without
dotting an i or crossing a t, although any Sena-
tor who will examine the bill will find that it is
one of the very crudest character, open to all
manner of objections, and if it is to pass it ought
to be amended in very many particulars. It is
such a bill as we would not allow to pass for a
railroad company in the remotest territory of
the land, much less in a road leading into this
District, and a road which the United States
for the first time have undertaken to incorpor-
ate in a State. The original charter did not
permit them to come from Maryland into the
city of Washington. It went lower down,
some twenty miles below the Districtof' Colum-
bia, or to Port Tobacco, and the first Jaw we
have on the subject only alludes to their rights
as a claim that they ptetended to have to come
by a branch road to Washington, and we
assented to it. It is in fact, I believe, the very
first railroad charter that has ever been given
by Congress to a railroad running almost en-
tirely in a State, and one State alone.
Now, Mr. President, I have said about all
that I desire to say, except this: I shall pro-
pose what I believe to be a just and light
proposition as a substitute for this bill, and
that is, that the whole subject of the location
of railroads shall be submitted to a commis-
sion to examine and report as to all these
raiiroads what ought to be done at the next
session of Congress. If that should fail, then
I have some amendments to offer to the bill,
not one of them for dilatory purposes, or any-
thing of that sort, but only such as 1 believe
ought to be adopted if the bill should pass.
First, however, I offer a substitute lor the bill,
which 1 ask the Secretary to read.
The Chief Cleik lead the amendment,
■which was to strike out all afier the enacting
clause of the bill and insert the following :
That the chief officer of engineers of the Army of
the United states, the engineer officer m cha'go of
the public buildings and grounds in the city of
Washington, and the Quartermaster lieucral ot the
Army are hereby constituted a commission to ex-
amine the whole subject ot steam railway tracks
entering the city of Washington, both as to existing
roads and those in course oi construction, and
especially as to connections, the location ana con-
struction of depots, so as to avoid the obstruction
of streets, avenues, and publie squares, as far as
possible, and report, a full and comprehensive plan,
embracing all the above points and all matters
properly connected therewith, to Congress, as soon
as may be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I inerely
desire to say in relation to this amendment
that the parties selected are all officers of the
Army. I know not what their opinions on
this subject may be, but 1 believe they would
do what is just and right in the premises One
of them is the chiof engineer of the Army,
another the engineer in charge of the public
buildings and grounds, and the other, Quarter-
master General Meigs, who is well known and
who formerly had charge of the Capitol. 1
do not know of any persons in the whole
country more proper to have charge of a sub-
ject of this kind. 1 think they would do what,
would be just and right toward all parties.
The PRESIDING OKFICKR. The ques-
tion is on the substitute offered by the Senator
from Vermont,.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that vote is taken,
I desire to say that I shall find it my duly to
record my name in favor of the amendment.
To my mind this bill is injudicious; and in
saying this I give an opinion reached alter the
most careful consideration of it in the com-
mittee. 1 think it ought not to be adopted by
the Senate. 1 say this with reluctance, for 1
sympathize keenly with every improvement
and with every facility afforded to this growing
and beautiful metropolis; and may 1 say, also,
I find a personal sympathy with the distin-
guished citizen of Pennsylvania particularly
interested in this measure? And yet ap-
proaching its consideration with those biases
in its favor 1 was bound to conclude against it.
Sir, I do not think that this privilege ought
to be granted, and my reason is precise and
specific, it proposes to take a considerable sec-
tion of land which if you look on the map you
will see properly belongs to the park of Wash-
ington. I am unwilling at, this early period
in the histoiy of this meuopolis to begin by
cutting out a slice from this inclosure set apart
for the future. If you do it now where are
you to stop? Will you not be called to cut
out another slice next year or in five years,
and may not the park be reduced from that,
form and those proportions it promises to en-
joy? This metropolis is now at its beginning,
and yet doubling in a decade. During the last
ten years its population has multiplied two
fold, and in the coming ten years there is every
reason to believe that the development wilt be
as large, if not larger. Of course with the in-
crease of population is the demand for a park,
especially in the central situation which lhat
enjoys. I use the language of another when
1 say that parks are the lungs of a great city;
but where will be the lungs ot this metropolis
if you begin now to reduce the paik ? Rather
should we sacredly keep it all iniact, so that
heieaftei, when you and I, sir, have passed
away, and this metropolis has grown to a
giandeur and beauty which imagination can-
not now conceive, that park may remain in its
entirety a blessingto the people, for which they
themselves in turn will bless us.
Sir, I was born in a city which has the enjoy-
ment of such a blessing. There is in Boston
what is known as the Common, set apart, in
the very earliest days of the old town, when it
was in fact what the name implies, a common
for the pasturage of cattle; but, though olten
assailed it, has been preserved untouched.
Railroad corporations and other companies
have tried in vain to obtain a corner from it.
The jealous city fathers have saved that beau-
tiful piece of earth, till now it is the first treas-
ure of Boston, unless we except her common
schools wheie all are equal before the law. 1
have often thought what, would have ensued
if-some time ago, yielding to corporation press-
ure in its various forma, the city had con-
sented to sacrifice that beautiful inclosure.
There it is, the very apple of the eye to Bos-
ton ; and nobody now fears that it will be
diminished by a foot.
And should not Washington have a similar
possession? Are yoa willing, sir, now at this
early moment of her history, when she is just
beginning to grow, or raiher when her giowth
is just beginning to be apparent, to despoil
her of this unquestionable attraction, where
the useful and the boautiful commingle? I
think, sir, you will act improvidently if you
do so. 1 think you will act against the best
interests of the city, whether you look at
health, beauty, or enjoyment, lor a park min-
isters to all these.
Therefore, sir, would I keep it intact. By
no consent of CougiCnS would 1 allow any
business interest or disturbing railroad com-
pany to fasten itself upou this inclosuie.
They should be excluded ; and when I say this
I would not carry them off' far. Let them
plant their stations jusL the other side. 'They
will then be perhaps a third of a mile from
Pennsylvania avenue, traversing the center of
population with conveniences such as railroads
in no other city enjoy. With those open to
them, why should we allow them to enter our
pleasure-grounds? if there were no . proper
place without, going a long distance, a imlo or
two miles, there would be some reason per-
haps for entertaining this question ; but, when
I consider the facilities which they may enjoy
only the other side of the park line, with land
there cheap and easy to be hail, I am aston-
ished lhat any one can be willing to sacrifice
the park simply to bring them a few rods
nearer Pennsylvania avenue.
And this biings me to the question of travel
on the avenue. If you put a railway station
US is proposed, you will bring on the avenue
all that glut and accumulation of cariiages
and of wagons always concentrated about the
terminus of a great line of travel. 1 think it
will be injurious to the avenue. That alone
would be a reason with me against the bill.
But as often as I think of the question, I
come back to the park, which, say what you
will, is deslined to be one of the most import-
ant possessions of this metropolis, and for the
special enjoyment of the people. They wiil
enjoy this Capitol, for it is beautiful to behold;
also the other public edifices, some of them
excellent in siyle and grateful to the eye; but
nothing of all these will be what we may expect
that park to be—a place wheie the young and
old will resort of an evening to enjoy iimucriit
recreation and congenial soC'eiy, while the
open air or the opportunities oi oxeieise im-
pait to them that best, blessing, health. Sir,
lhat paik should not be sacrificed ; and if sou
have any doubt, let me lay before you the
testimony of another place. 1 have already
cited Boston; I now call your attention to
Philadelphia. You know the remarkable
park which has been Opened there. 1 slopped
a day in Philadelphia last summer on my way
home, especially to see and enjoy this mag-
nificent resort, and I was well rewarded. I
beheld the most beautiful park, certainly in
iis pioinise, on this continent., and 1 doubt if
theie is one even in the European world oi
equal promise. But no one can eniei its
grounds without annoyance and trouble fiom
the railroad crossings,and the perpetual sound
of the steam engine with its shrill whistle, so
little in harmony with pleasure giounds.
It requires no scientific knowledge, no prac-
tical acquaintance with railroad-', to see that
those crossings are a positive nuisance, and
that, the hospitable paik set apart, lor the
population ol a mighty city, and Uesiined_to be
one of the most beautiful objects of the civilized
world, actually sutlers from the nuisance. 1
appeal to Senators who have visited it; lknow
that there is not one who will say that i am
notrigbt. Theie is not one whohasever entered
those grounds, not even the Senator from
