m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February %
a law -respecting education, which by any pos-
sible pretense or construction gave so much
power-as this to any single officer ? I appre-
hend that when gentlemen on the other side
cotee to contemplate the vast stretch of power
Mm granted, whether designed or not, they
.will reeoil from it-and so amend this provision
as to make it much more liberal toward the
States than it now appears to be. Irr its
present form it implies a want of confidence
m their honesty and integrity unworthy of us;
it implies that the people of a State are likely
to .be treacherous enough to adopt a system
of free education in order to place themselves
on the roll of betrayers.
Bat Joofe further. Will you place in the
hands of a single individual the power to say
becaftse a superintendent of a single county
has failed to make a report satisfactory to his
highisess the Commissioner of Education,
therefore that State shall be deprived of all its
privileges under this bill ? It never could have
been your intention. It requires every partifc-
ular< shall be in precise accordance with the
wishes bf this individual. He is the supreme
arbiter. " He retains the entire control, It is
impossible that such an enactment as this will
receive'the earnest consideration and the con-
sent of cither branch of Congress.
I was in the belief that gentlemen on the
other side of'the House did not intend this
from the fact that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] who addressed the
House on the other side on this question
seems far once to consent that the doctrine of
State rights is one to be observed and adhered
to. For myself, f begin to see in all this dis-
cussion some little light. Our friends on the
other side, and especially the gentleman from
Massachusetts, seem to be returning to their
old hive. In the days of personal-liberty bills
the doctrine of State rights was to them most
precious, i apprehend the mind running in
a circle, us it in sure to do, is bringing those
gentlemen back to the proper construction of
tin; Constitution, and to a better understand-
ing of this most important and solemn subject.,
ihe rights ot the individual States, the preser-
vation of local self government, the education
of our own children intellectually as well as
morally, the two being so intimately combined
that it is us competent for us to provide to-day
for a system of icligious as well as of intel-
lectual instruction. Only take this step, and
the ®ther can us well be allowed undor the
powete claimed for Congress.
h seems to me this is an old acquaintance
in a new dress. I would be glad to express
myself wore Cully upon it, but during the last
session ot Congress I had the honor to do so.
This may be said to be, as that was, the child
of the Freedmon's Bureau, a supplement
thereto, a revival of that system ol legislation
to some extent. The same argument or dec-
lamation is used that greeted us during the
exciting days of reconstruction. It has been
said the necessity of education is very great
throughout the South ; that had the people of
the South been educated theie would have
been 110 rebellion; that had they been properly
educated there would have been no resistance
to ihe reconstruction acts. And the admission
comes from the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] that because of the widespread
ignorance among certain classes ot the popula-
tion of the South, these wild disorders, this
turbulence, this unheard-of civil discord in the
South has been manifested. Hence the asser-
tion o! the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
VookheesJ the other day is verified from an
unexpected quarter. Mr. Voorhees showed
most emphatically that the great error in re-
construction was in placing the pyramid upon
its apex. In this debate we are gratified with
the admission that this statement is true and
the criticism just.
Why not now, let me ask, Mr, Speaker,
trust these States? Why not consign to them
•this food and allow them to use it according
to the dictates of their own judgment? Are
we not willing to place this small pittance in
their hands? I ask genrlemen on the other
side of the House whether they are afraid to
put into the hands of the people of Kentucky
with all her alleged illiteracy, Or in the hands
of South Carelina, down trodden and op-
pressed and overburdened as she is, or in the
hands of any other southern State, a few hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars that the sales of
the public lands under (his bill will bring to
them,- and- to trust them with the honest dis-
posal thereof? Let me suggest that under the
circumstances of the ease, in my opinion, the
northern States will consume nearly the whole
of this fund. As has been said already by
gentlemen upon this floor, the Stare of Ten-
nessee will1 receive but-a very small propor-
tion of this sum, and I apprehend it wiil be
."so with mostbf the soutshei'n States because
of their inability to comply with these severe
conditions', one of which clearly is, though
not expressed, equality of the whites and
blacks in common schools. Then to whom
shall this fund go? To the northern States?
It never could have- been intended by the
framers of this bill that this fund should prin-
cipally go to the northern States, but mani-
festly such will be the result, twill not charge
them- with mercenary motives. There is no
necessity for any such display of selfishness.
I will not charge them wJth a desire to con-
coct. a bill and ha e it passed which they knew
beforehand the people of thei South would not,
comply with; that, from the very nature of
things, it imposes conditions which cannot be
complied with by the people of the South
without consenting to that social equality
which all tho intelligence of the South assures
them will be disastrous and dishonorable, the
beginning of a degradation which awaits all
who yield to miscegenation. •
Hence, 1 insist, from the nature of things,
that Tennessee, Kentucky, South Carolina,
Georgia, Mississippi, andothQf southern States
will never be prepared to comply with the pro-
visions of this act, not at least for many years
to come. Therefore the proceeds of the sales
of public lands will all by this bill, ifit becomes
a law, under the construction which the super-
intendent of public schools will place upon it,
be necessarily donated to the northern States
alone.
I might remark that in New Jersey we ask
nothing from this fund. During tlie last year
we have expended $2,375,000 in the cause of
education, a large sum, amounting to about
fifteen dollars to eaoh child who is of the age
required by law to attend common schools.
And nothing will be asked by the State of
Indiana, if wo can judge aright from the
remarks of the gentleman from that State,
[Mr. IvEIUt.] who has just preceded me. This
being so, whyshould the people of the North
endeavor to impose unnecessary burdens on
the people of the South? And further, why
should they attempt to frame a law which
would be nugatory and afford them no bene-
fits whatever in the way of promoting the
cause of education 'I
I thank the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Parker] for his kindness in allow-
ing « an opportunity of addressing the House
on this question.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. On a
former occasion I expressed my views very
briefly on this bill, and I should have been con-
tent with my remarks then made, had not the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,]
who is a member of the committee which re-
ported this bill, seen fit to indulge in some
remarks which I deem it to be my duty to an-
swer. The gentleman saw fit to arraign the
Democraue party in terms as opposed to edu-
cational interests. I had supposed, sir, that
the time was past when any gentleman who
is a member of either of the two great polit-
ical parties would arraign the other as being
opposed to the great interests of education.
It is conclusive to my mind that any gentle-
man who seeks to do this miist -be vei>y poor
in argument, and very short of material with
which to support any proposition, if this be
his last resort. • ■ -
I think,- Mr. Speaker, that the democratic
party need no vindication of' mine in regard
to the interest which they have manifested in
the great cause ef education. If-at>y political
party in this land has been the champion of
the great interests of education* it 'has been
the Democratic party.. Why( sir,'we"say to-
day, as we have always said', that education
is the foundation upon which we must seek
to build in this country, if ire btiitd'sueeess-
fullv. We say that it is the chief corrter'fetona
in this oar national'fabric. Let the gentleman
turn to the history of the Democrtitiv partjf,
and he will find that they have "ever encour-
aged educational interests. 'Let him look at
the last inaugural address of Governor Parker,
of New Jersey, who, I think-, is a-pretty good
specimen of our party; or ldt liSlft go to New
Hampshire, my own State, and • reud'1 the 'last
inaugural message of our Governor there; let
him go to afty other State where the Demo-
cratic party has been in powety and- 'he will
find they have been foreriiost in &H0Oar(tg!ng
education and its interests. Sir] I hurl back
upon the gentleman the assertion, and dehy
hero and now that! we have ever opposed edu-
cation. We stand committed to the advance-
ment of its interests. And if that gentleman
or any other gentleman will bring forward a
measure purely in the interests of educating
Our people, to whatever race they may belong,
he will find that ihe Democratic party will give
him every assistance.
Mr. Speaker, it has been said that this
bill was brought forward'in the interests of
the southern people. - I wish, sir, that- this
bill in its effects would benefit the southern
people. If this is really brought forward i 
the interests of the southern people, why is it,
necessary to unite with it tliispet scheme which
the gentleman has espoused, and which I think
has been a pet scheme of his for some time,
and has been made to appear in this House
before, and which has been defeated, namely,
the establishment of a general superintendence
over our public schools-throughout the length
and breadth of the land? It is vety evident,
Mr. Speaker, that this bill cannot be brought
forward or advocated successfully in the inter-
ests of the southern people. If I believed
that it was brought forward with that view,
and that it would accomplish the object
without violating any great constitutional
principles,! should most cheerfully give it my
nssent. But it does not do this. 1 have made
here a little estimate of the amount which the
schools or districts will be likely to receive
under the operation of this hill. There are
in the several States of this Union something
like one hundred and twenty thousand schools,
not including the Territories. Taking one half
of this—I refer to the net income from the
sale of the publie lands during the last seven
years—and I find the net income to have been
a little over eight million dollars. Making
this estimate, then, I find that these schools or
school districts will receive less than five dol-
lars each. Now, Mr. Speaker, can it be said
with any degree of propriety, can it be said
with any truth, that we are bringing forward a
measure in the interest of the soutbei n people,
or in the interest of any people really, when
we find that each school district will receive
only the small pittance of less than five dol-
lars?
Mr. HOAR. I would like to ask the gentle-
man a question, if it would not be interrupt-
ing him too much. I desire to ask him if he
is familiar with the effect upon education in
the South of the distribution of the Peabody
fund,which distributes only $100,000 annually,
and yet has operated in probably creating ten
times that amount by the stimulus to others?
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. It has
