1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lil
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
greater than the same are sold to the trade at
wholesale ; and ibe cost of the same shall be
paid, upon the requisition of the Surgeon
General, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, May 28, 1872.
Chap. CCXXIX.—An Act to provide for the
completion of three Volumes of Wilkes's
United States Exploring Expedition.
Beit enacted by the. Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the joint, Committee
ontne Library be, and they are hereby, author-
ized to contract, for the completion of three
unfinished volumes of the United States Ex-
ploring Expedition of the years eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight to eighteen hundred and
forty-two, to "consist of physics and hydrog-
raphy of the expedition by Charles Wilkes,
and the volume of botany of the expedition
by .Tohn Torrey and others; said publication
to be made in same style as the volumes here-
tofore published, and distributed in the same
manner: Provided, That no more than nine
thousand dollars shall in any case be required
to finish said volumes.
Appkoved, May 28, 1872.
Chap. CCXXXIIL—An Act making Appro-
priations for the Current and Contingent
Expenses of the Indian Department, and
for fulfilling Treaty Stipulations with various
Indian Tribes, for the year ejiding June
thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in.
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the purpose of paying the
current and contingent expenses ot the Indian
department, and fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the various Indian tribes :
For pay of eight superintendents of Indian
affairs, namely: two superintendents for the
tribes east ot the Rocky mountains: one for
Oregon : one for the Territory of Washington ;
onelur the Territory of New Mexico; one for
California; one for the Territory of Arizona;
and one for the Territory of Montana, nine-
teen thousand one hundred dollars.
For pay of sixty-eight agents of Indian
affairs, viz:
Five for the tribes in Oregon, viz: Warm
Springs, Klamath, Grand Konde, Siletz, and
Umatilla agencies;
Three for the tribes in Washington ierri-
tory, viz: Neah Bay, Yakama, and S. Koko-
mish agencies;
Three for the tribes in California, viz: ttoopa
Valley, Bound Valley, and Tule River agen-
01 Two for the tribes in Nevada, viz : Pi-Ute
and Walker River, and Pyramid Lake agencies;
Two for the tribes in Idaho, viz : Nez Perce
and Fort Hail agencies; _
Four for the tribes in Montana, viz: £iat
Heads, Blackfeet, Crow, and Milk River agen-
Nitie for the tribes in Dakota, viz: \\ het-
stone, Yankton, Ponca, Upper Missouri, Grand
River, Cheyenne Hiver, tort Berthold, Sisse-
ton, and Devil's Lake agencies;
Two tor the tribes in Wyoming, viz : Red
Cloud, Shoshone, and Bannock agencies;
One for the tribes in Utah, viz: Lintah
Valley agency; . . ...
Six for the tribes in New Mexico, viz : Albi-
quin, Navajo, Oimmaron, Mesealero, Apache,
Southern Apache, and Pueblo agencies ;
Two for the tribes in Colorado, viz: Los
Pinos and White River agencies ;
Six for the tribes in Nebraska, viz : Great
Nemaha, Omaha, Winnebago, Pawnee, Otoe,
and Santee agencies;
Three for the tribes in Kansas, viz: Potta-
watomie, Kaw or Kansas, and Kickapoo agen-
cies ;
Ten for the tribes in the Indian territory,
viz: Sac and Fox, Quapaw, Neosho, Kiowa
and Comanche, Upper Arkansas, Wichita,
Cherokee, Creek, Choctaw and Chickasaw,
and Seminole agencies;
One for the tribes in Minnesota, viz: Chip-
pewa agency ;
One for the tribes in Iowa, viz: Sac and
Fox of Iowa agency ;
Two for the tribes in Wisconsin, viz : Green
Bay and La Ponte agencies ;
One for the tribes in Michigan, viz; Macki-
nac agency;
One for the New York Indians, viz: New
York agency;
Four for the tribes in Arizona, viz: Papago,
Colorado River, Pima and Maricopa, and
Moguis Pueblo agencies, one hundred and two
thousand dollars: Provided, That it shall be
the duty of the President to dispense with the
services of such Indian agents and superin-
tendents herein mentioned as may be practi-
cable; and where it is practicable he shall
require the same person to perform the duties
of two agencies or superintendencies for one
salary. ,
For pay of special agent for the Goship
Western and Northwestern bands of Sho-
shones, in western Utah and eastern Nevada,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For three sub-agents, one for the tribes in
Oregon, viz: Alesea sub-agency ; _ and two
for the tribes in Washington Territory, viz,
Tulalip and Quinaieltsub agencies, three thou-
sand dollars.
For pay of clerk to superintendent for Cali-
fornia, one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For temporary clerks to superintendents,
six thousand six hundred dollars.
For pay of ninety interpreters, as follows:
twenty-one for the tribes in Oregon and the
Territories of Washington, Utah, and New
Mexico, at five hundred dollars each ; thirty-
six for the tribes elsewhere, at four hundred
dollars each; seventeen extra for the tribes
elsewhere, at four hundred dollars each; three
for the Indian service in Utah, at five hundred
dollars each; one for the Shoshones and one
for the Utahs, at one thousand dollars each:
one for the Sisseton and Wahpeton bands oi
Sioux, four hundred dollars; one for the Sacs
and Foxes of the Mississippi, now m Tama
county, Iowa, four hundred dollars; nine for
the Indian service in the Territories of Ari-
zona, Colorado, Idaho, Wyoming, and the
State of Nevada, at five hundred dollars each;
m all, forty thousand five hundred dollars.
For buildings at agencies, and repairs of
same, ten thousand dollars. _ _
For vaccine matter and vaccination or In-
dians, five thousand dollars.
For presents to and provisions for Indians,
ten thousand dollars.
For actual expenses incurred, and that may
hereafter be incurred, by officers of the Indian
department, in the rescue of prisoners from
Indian tribes and returning them to their
homes, and for expenses incident to the arrest
and confinement within the territory ot the
United States, by order of such officers, of
persons charged with crimes against Indians,
five thousand dollars. . ... . .
For contingencies, including travelling, inci-
dental, current, and contingent expenses of
superintendents and agents, and of their offices,
fifty thousand dollars.
Apaches, Kiowas, and Comanches.
For fifth of thirty instalments, as_ provided
to be expended under the tenth article treaty
of October twenty-first, eighteen hundred and
sixty seven, concluded at Medicine Lodge
creek, in Kansas, with the Kiowas and Co-
manches, and under the third article treaty of
same date with the Apaches, thirty thousand
dollars.
For purchase of clothing, as' provided in
same treaties, twenty-six thousand dollars.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, five thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For pay of physician and teacher, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For transportation of goods, five thousand
dollars.
Apaches.
For this amount, to subsist and properly
care for the Apache Indians in Arizona and
New Mexico who have been or may be col-
lected on reservations in New Mexico and
Arizona, two hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars : Provided, That this appropriation shall
be expended only in behalf of those Indians
who go and remain upon said reservations and
refrain from hostilities.
Arapahoes, Cheyennes, Apaches, Kiowas,
Comanches, and Wichitas.
For subsistence of the Arapahoes, Chey-
ennes, Apache, Kiowas, and Comanche In-
dians, and Wichita Indians (and transporta-
tion of the same), who have been collected
upon the reservations set apart for their use
and occupation, two hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Arickarees, Gros Ventres, and Mandans.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles, as the
President may from time to time determine,
including transportation thereof, in instructing
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in
providing employees, educating children, pro-
curing medicine and medical attendance, care
for and support of the aged, sick, and infirm,
for the helpless orphans of said Indians, and
in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
Assinaboines.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles, as the
President may from time to time determine,
including transportation thereof, in instructing
in agriculture and mechanical pursuits, in pro-
viding employees, educating children, procur-
ing medicine aud medical attendance, care for
and support of the aged, sick, and infirm, for
the helpless orphans of said Indians, and m
any other respect to promote their comfort,
civilization, and improvement, thirty thousand
dollars.
Blackfeet, Bloods, and Piegans.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles, as the
President may from time to time determine,
including transportation thereof, in instruct-
ing in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, m
providing employees, educating children, pro-
curing medicine and medical attendance, care
for and support of the aged, sick, and infirm,
for the helpless orphans of said Indians, ana
in every other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, fifty thousand
dollars.
Calapooias, Molallas, and Clackamas of Wil-
lamette Valley.
For third of five instalments of the fourth
series of annuity, for beneficial objects, five
thousand five hundred dollars.
Cheyennes and Arapahoes.
For fifth of thirty instalments provided to
be expended under tenth article treaty ot
