1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1689
hands of the railroad. The company will be
bound to sell all agricultural lands at $2 50
per acre ; and the only grievance that has ever
existed under any railroad grant has been
entirely dependent upon the omission of that
clause.
I have seen the West grow up. I know that
it was railroad grants which developed that
country. In the Northwest Territory, embrac-
ing then Minnesota, Iowa, and Wisconsin, there
were only some thirty thousand inhabitants
when I first Went to Wisconsin ; and now we
have almost three million inhabitants, consti-
tuting a flourishing, wealthy people. And it
is railroad grants and aid given by the Gov-
ernment which have developed that whole
country. Illinois would have been a wilder-
ness, Iowa would have been a wilderness, and
so would Minnesota have been, but for these
railroad grants, which enabled settlers to go
back into the country, erecting smiling home-
steads wherever they went.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KETCHAM. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. I'yser.]
Mr. TYNER. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to discuss the provisions of the bill or the
general question of granting lands to aid in
the construction ot railroads. My record upon
that general question has already been made.
I have never yet voted for a land grant, nor
will I ever do so as long as I shall remain a
a member of this House.
Bat there are some two or three questions
which arise in my mind in connection with
the pending bill which I desire to present to
the House. First, I will refer to the proposi-
tion which has been made by the chairman of
the Committee on the Public Lands, and dis-
puted by the friends of the bill, that the grant
of lands to the State ot Wisconsin to aid m
the construction of the St. Croix and Lake
Superior railroad has already reverted to the
United States. Gentlemen will discover by
turning to thestatutes that the original charter
of this road, if such it may be called^ was
authorized by act of Congress in 1856. That,
act provided that the road should be completed
within ten years. It was not so complered,
and there can be no question but the failure
to complete the road within the limit of time
would in the absence ot subsequent legislation
have resulted in the reversion ot this land 10
the United States. So in 1861 Congress ex-
tended the time for the completion ot the roau
to the year 1869. Ihe road at that time was
still incompleted, and, in my judgment, the
grant therefore lapsed. If the grant has not
lapsed, there is no necessity for the passage
o  this bill. It will do no good to attempt the
revival of a grant now in full force.
Now, sir, the question comes up in connec-
tion with the consideration ot this bill, whethei,
if it shall not be passed, any portion of the
lands that would otherwise be taken by this
road will revert to the Northern Pacific Kail-
road Company. I have taken pains to lefer
to the charter of that company, passed in 1804,
and I find in it one provision to which 1 desire
to call the attention of the House, and tor that
purpose I send it to the Clerk's desk to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Provided, Thatif said route shall be found npon
the line of any other route, to aid in the construc-
tion of which lands have been heretofore granted
by the United States, so far as the routes are upon
general line, tliu amount of lands hereto-
fore granted shall be deducted from the amount
granted by this act."
Mr. TYNER. Mr. Speaker, by the terms
of that proviso, which I find in the charter of
the Northern Pacific Railroad, it seems that
if any portions of its line shall be located
within the limits of lands previously granted
bv an act of Congress, the amount ot lands
within that limit shall be deducted from the
amount that is to go to the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company.
Now, these lands were granted to the btate
of Wisconsin in 1856. Eight years after that
time Congress chartered the x orthern Pacific
Railroad Company, and in its charter provided
that when any portion of the line of that road
should fall within the limits of any other rail-
road company, to aid in the construction of
which Congress had previously granted lands,
that the amount within those limits shall be
deducted from the grant to the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company.
Now, I claim that by the provision I have
had read to the House the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company would in no event be enti-
tled to any portion of lands that, fall within
the limits of the St. Croix and Lake Superior
Railroad Company along the general line of
the two routes, and therefore that the effect of
the passage of this bill by Congress would be
to revive a grant to the State of Wisconsin
for the aid of one railroad, when the other
railroad would not, in the event of a failure to
pass this law, be entitled to the grant at all.
I present this point for gentlemen to consider
and reply to in the course of the discussion.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, with an amendment, a bill of the
House of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 1058) granting a pension to
Margaret. Coggins, widow of Philip Coggins.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 619) appropriating money for the purchase
of a suitable site and erecting a building
thereon in the city of St. Louis, Missouri, to
be used for the purposes of a custom-house,
post office, and other Federal offices.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without,
amendment, bills of the House of the follow-
ing titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 623) granting a pension
to Joseoh Bryant;
A bill (H. R. No. 1021) for the relief of pre-
emption settlers in the State of California; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1550) for the relief of the
estate of Dr. John F. Hanks.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested :
A bill (S. No. 045) to confirm the title to
certain lands on the Fort Kearney military
reservation, in Fi'6monl county, iowa;
A bill (S. No. 80-1) granting a pension to
Margaretta Becker; and
A bill (S. No. 805) granting a pension to
Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas A. Ryan.
ST CltOIX AND LAKE SUPKIUOll RAILROAD
The House resumed the consideration of
Senate bill No. 505, to extend the time to the
State of Wisconsin to complete a road from
Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Ketcham] has four
minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. CONGER. Is it the understanding that
the remaining time is to be divided equally
between the friends and the opponents of this
blMr. KETCHAM. I understand that the
floor was assigned to me for one hour. 1 have
divided that time as equally as possible between
the friends and opponents of this bill.
Mr. CONGER. If the opponents of the
bill are now to have an hoar, then I ask that
the friends of the bill have the following hoar.
Mr. KETCHAM. I now yield the floor. _
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will recognize the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] as entitled to the floor for an
hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield twenty min-
utes of my time to the gentleman from .Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Ktllinger.]
Mr. RUSK. I want to know if the enemies
of this bill are to control all the time 1
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the gentlemau from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Rusk] that, the floor was assigned
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ketcham,] the chairman of the committee
from which this bill was reported, before the
present occupant of the chair took it; he had
no control- over that matter. According to
parliamentary usage, the gentleman who moved
the reference of this bill to the committee
[Mr. Holman] is entitled to be heard, and
the Chair accordingly recognizes him as enti-
tled to the floor. After his time shall have
expired, it the House shall desire to have the
discussion continued, it is in the power ol the
House so to do.
Mr. RUSK. Very well; let the debate go on.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, The Chair
has no responsibility lor that.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I submit
this proposition: that the enemies of this bill
shall take the next hour, and that the friends
of the bill take the following hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holmax] has obtained
the floor in accordance with parliamentary
usage, and he can yield his time as he ma,y
see fit. Jf the present, occupant ot the chair
should hold it at the expiration of his hour,
unless the House shall take the matter from
his control he will endeavor to assign the
floor justly and fairly.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. KillixgebJ to yield for a
moment. . .
Mr. KILLiNGER.. I decline to yield.
Mr. CONGER. Then I rise to a point of
order. rr„ .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Ihe gentle-
man will state his point ot order.
Mr. CONGER. When the chairman of the
Committee on the Public Lands [Mr. Ketcham]
took the floor to-day on this bill he asked that
the time until tour o'clock should be divided
equally between the fuends and the opponents
of this bill. It was by the unanimous consent
of the House that this bill obtained the posi
tion it now holds here. Now, as one of the
friends of this bill, I ask that the Chair shall
so rule that that agreement'or acquiescence
shall be carried out. That is my point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has made but one assignment of the floor, and
that was according to parliamentary usage, as
he supposed. If thy Chair has violated par-
liamentary usage, ot course he can be over-
ruled. If there was any unanimous agree-
ment in reference to the discussion upon
this bill, of course the Chair will endeavor to
carry it, out. .
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Ihe gentle-
man will state it. .
Mr. ELDREDGE. I understand the Chair
to have assigned the floor to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holmajt,] not because he
was the hrst upon the floor, ioi he certainly
was not, but because, as the Chair holds, par-
liamentary usage rcquiies the Speaker to
assign the floor to the gentleman who made
the motion to refer this bill to the Committee
on Public Lands. Now, it' the gentlemau was
entitled to the floor at ail for that reason, he
was entitled to it the moment the subject came
up for consideration. The Chair having recog-
nized the chairman of the committee, and the
gentleman from Indiana having acquiesced, m
that, he certainly cannot now insist that that
parliamentary usage shall be apphea m his
fiiThe SPEAKER pro tempore. The floor
was assigned to the gentleman fromNew-York
1 Mr. Ketcham] by the Speaker of this House
on the day the assignment was made. Ihe
Chair understands the parliamentary usage to
require the floor to be allotted to the friends
