3482
THE CONGBESSIOFAL GLOBE.
May 15,
They have absolutely for eight miles run
under the mountains to get access to and from
Italy, when it took Napoleon years, with all
the triumph of engineering the French had
already accomplished, to make a rough and
precipitous mountain road over the mountains;
and all this in a country where there is no pro-
gress ; and we, in a country of progress, while
we are claiming to ourselves to be in advance
of the world in all such things, are to say,
'■'No I lot not a railroad come across; it may
be a little inconvenience 1" Shut out progress,
railroads. Make a park that nothing shall be
permitted to cross. Shut up Washington; build
round it a Chinese wall. And then in the sum-
mer, when Congress has adjourned, ride out
to that lonely park, and you will feel as the
last man would feel when all other human
beings had left this world of ours.
1 say that 1 looked at this question with the
hope that 1 would not be able to say that the
park ought not to be there, where it was arranged
originally that it should be, for it certainly
ought not to be there if it is to prevent any
progress whatever, and I have come to the
deliberate conclusion (and I do not think any
man who understands the subject and devotes
his mind to it can fail to come to that conclu-
sion) that the small inconvenience that can
arise from runniug across this property under
proper restrictions will be amply compensated
by the advantage it will bo to this city. They
need not rim on the same grade, and the
passage across the park by omnibuses, bag-
gage-wagons, trucks, and packages oil a level
are much more inconvenient than a single track
on a different grade, with proper and elegant
bridges crossing it. The property is held as
trustees for the public good ; the simple ques-
tion is, is it for the public good ? They need
not go through on the same level. They
may be obliged, as I believe they are in the
bill, to come in under the control of certain
engineers appointed for the purpose to see
that they coine in properly. If they are not
obliged to do it by that, they are obliged to
do it by the law, and are under the control
of the city authorities in the way they come in.
They certainly can have no wish or desire to
injure the park, and I say the company, by
virtue of their charter, are to make their road,
doing as little injury as possible to other
people's property, coming in properly, and
the line can be brought in so as not to injure
that part of the city, and absolutely to do it
good and build it up.
I did not intend to say a word on this sub-
ject, Mr. President. I only move to disclaim
the idea that a railroad depot would injure
Washington. I lived in Philadelphia, sir,
when street cars were introduced, and joined
in the outcry against them ; and so it was here
and everywhere where they have been intro-
duced, but now we all see they are the people's
carriages, and save pain to many a weary limb.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, 1 am quite
at a loss to understand what my friend from
New Jersey means by talking about a Chinese
wall, or stopping progress or the growth of
this city in case this bill shall not pass. Does
this railroad company or anybody in Washing-
ton think such a thing is necessary in order
that this city may grow? When was it that
this city has grown most rapidly? Does not
everybody know that it has been within the
last six or seven years? And does not every-
body know that the growth of this city has
taken place in its most rapid development since
the depot of this road was fixed at the inter-
section of Virginia and Maryland avenues?
The company then did not think it was neces-
sary th-a.t they should go to Pennsylvania
avenue, the people of Washington did not think
it necessary, nobody thought, it was necessary.
The company asked that we should give them
the privilege of making their depot at the in-
tersection of those two great avenues, and
Congress gave it to them. Congress did far
more for this company. It authorized them
to run up the canal, it gave them the land up
the canal, it gave them the right of way, it
gave them property worth a great amount in
money. It gave it to them " without money
and without price," and it gave them the
right to a depot in one of the most eligible
points of this whole city, and it is simply un-
reasonable to say that there is any ill-will to-
ward this railroad or any opposition to the
progress of the city if this new and voracious
demand of this company shall not be granted.
No, sir, there is not a railroad that enters the
city of New York ; there is nota railroad that
enters the city of Philadelphia ; there is not a
railroad that enters the city of Baltimore;
there is not one, I may say, that enters any
city that will have a more eligible depot than
this railroad company will have if it shall be
confined to the privileges that have already
been granted to it.
But it is not content with that. The whole
history of this railroad company has been a
history of encroachment upon encroachment,
perhaps it would not be too strong to say, or
rather of procuring grant upon grant. Every
one who has looked into the grants that have
been made to it has seen how it has gone step
by step, first to procure one privilege, and
then alter awhile to procure a better priv-
ilege, until at last it demands of us that this
public ground (wtiich upon every principle of
good faith we are bound to preserve as public
ground and not grant, it to a railroad company
or to any other private enterprise whatsoever)
shall be given to it " without money and with
out price," even though giving it should be
the destruction of the public improvements,
and of tb# pleasure and comfort and health of
this city. That is the truth about it, sir.
I am no enemy to this road. As I said be-
fore, nobody is an enemy to it. It is simply
absurd to say that any member of the Senate
is an enemy to either of the railroads that
come to the city, or that are projected to it.
But we have a duty to perforin. This prop-
erty belongs to the United States. I say ad-
visedly that it belongs to the United Slates.
No man, I venture to say, has ever answered,
or ever will, successfully answer, the legal
opinion of Mr. Merrick upon that subject,
showing that the title to the property is in the
United States. It is a part of that property
known as the Mall. It is a part of that prop-
erty which was set apart and dedicated as a
park in the very origin of this city, in the
very plan of the city. And now I wish to call
the attention of the Senate to a fact which
involves the good laith of the nation.
The original proprietors of a large portion
of the land on which Washington is situated
did not demand that they should have pay for
all the land they sold. On the contrary they
gave about one half their property to the Uni-
ted States without any price at all, and then
they provided further that, in respect to certain
other lots they might be sold and the money
should go to the Government of the United
States; in other words, that it should be a
money donation. They gave thus a donation
not only of land but of money, and that dona-
tion amounts, as well as i can gather from the
acts upon the subject, to more than one half
of the property they owned That is what they
did.
Upon the faith of what did they do it ? Upon
the faith of the Government that it would main-
tain the seat of Government here according to
the plan of the city, which had been approved
by General Washington. They could not do
it otherwise. They gave by lots the very lots
marked on that plan, and the consideration
that they expected was the advanced value of
the lots tliat they retained, enhanced by what?
Enhanced by the existence of a city upon the
plan that had been adopted, and upon no other.
By no other means could the value of the lots
they retained be enhanced. It was therefore
a part of the consideration upon which they
granted their property to the United States,
and granted the proceeds of other property
which they authorized to be sold, and the pro-
ceeds paid into the Treasury, that the plan of
this city should remain intact. Otherwise the
lots which they retained would not be bem-
fited. The whole value to thein might b«
destroyed if the dedication made by the plan
of the city could be violated and the public
grounds could be taken away and given to
private individuals or to private companies.
Sir, I hold in iny hand an act of the State
of Maryland, recognizing these grants and
confirming them ; and it shows this most ex-
traordinary thing, too ; the State of Maryland
went so far as not only to confirm the grants
made by persons capable of making the grants,
but to procure precisely the same thing to be
done where the land was held by married
women, by minors, or by insane persons. In
other words, the State of Maryland absolutely
condemned one half the property which be-
longed to married women, who were not sui
juris, and to infants, and to insane persons,
and gave it to the Government of the United
States upon these same conditions, that this
city, as platted and planned and approved by
the President of the United States, should be
the capital of the United States.
Now, sir, in face of these grants, in face of
the consideration that you have received, in
face of the plighted faith of the nation, it is
pretended that you can take the only public
park in the city, the only thing that can be
made into a public park, that you can cut it
up and give it to a private railroad corpora-
tion. Sir, if you can do that, you can give
them this Capitol for a depot; and in answer
to what has been said about the citizens of
Washington being in favor of this proposition,
I say if my friena from Pennsylvania will in-
troduce a bill to give this Capitol to the Balti-
more and Potomac Railroad Company for a
depot and for the offices of the company, there
will be plenty of citizens of Washington that
will petition us to make the grant. That is no
answer at all to me. We are not here simply
to guard the interests of the city of Washing-
ton; we are here to guard the interests of the
United States. This tract of ten miles square,
or what is left of it, is a piece of ground that be-
longs to the citizens of Ohio as well as to the
citizens of this District. It is that m which
the people of the whole Republic are inter-
ested. They have a right that this as their
nation's capital shall bo an honor to the na-
tion, shall be the pride of the country, as it is
already so far as its public edifices are con-
cerned.
But what is it that makes any American feel
a sense of shame as he looks through this city
of Washington? What is it that when he looks
on this magnificent Capitol, the most beauti-
ful building on the globe, makes him feel a
sense of shame? Is it not that its surround-
ings are so mean ? Is it not that it is not sur-
rounded, as it should be, by grounds suitable
to the magnificence of the edifice? My friend
from New Jersey felt that, and with that elo-
quence which is always so effective in the
Senate, and perhaps the more so because he
can so seldom be induced to display it, always
capable, but always modest; it was that very
speech of his to which he has alluded which
made us vote about three millions out of the
Treasury, or what will be three millions, to
enlarge thegrounds around this Capitol. Now,
he to whom this country will owe a debt of
gratitude for that very thing, which may be
referred to long after he and I are gone as the
thing which made this Capitol beautiful by its
surroundings—he is willing that right in sight
of the Capitol that park, that lone vista which
will be delightful to the eye and conducive to
the health and prosperity of the city, shall be
cut up by being made the depot of one, and
then another, and then another, and at last
of half a dozen railroad companies.
I cannot help being surprised that.my friend,
who has large views on such subjects, who is
