742
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
42d Cong....2dSess.
Laws of the United States.
October twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, t.wenty-thousand dollars.
For purchase of clothing, as per same arti-
cle, fourteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For pay of physician and teacher, as per
thirteenth article same treaty, two thousand
fiva hundred dollars.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, as per same article, five
thousand two hundred dollars.
For transportation of goods for the Chey-
ennes and Arapahoes, seven thousand five
hundred dollars.
Chickasaws.
For permanent annuity in goods, three
thousand dollars.
Boise Fort Band of Chipp ewas.
For seventh of twenty instalments, for the
support of one blacksmith and assistant, and
for tools, iron and steel, and other articles
necessary for the blacksmith shop, as per third
"article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For seventh of twenty instalments, for the
support of one school teacher, and for the
necessary books and stationery, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, eight hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty instalments, for the
instruction of Indians in farming, and pur-
chase of seeds, tools, and so forth, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, eight hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty instalments ofannuity,
in money, to be paid per capita, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For seventh of twenty instalmentsofannuity,
in provisions, ammunition, and tobacco, as per
third article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, one thousand dollars.
For seventh of twenty instalmentsofannuity,
in goods and other articles, as per third article
treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, six thousand five' hundred dollars.
For transportation and necessary cost of
delivery of annuity goods and provisions, per
sixth article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
Chippewas of Lake Superior.
For eighteenth of twenty instalments, in
.coin, per fourth article treaty of September
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, live
thousand dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty instalments, in
goods, household furniture, and cooking uten-
sils, per fourth article treaty of September
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, eight
thousand dollars
For eighteenth of twenty instalments, for
agricultural implements and cattle, carpenters'
and other tools, and building materials, per
fourth article treaty of September thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three thou-
sand dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty instalments for
moral and educational purposes, three hun-
dred dollars of which to be paid to the Grand
Portage band yearly, to enable them to main-
tain a school at their villages, per fourth arti-
cle treaty of September thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, three thousand dol-
lars.
For eighteenth of twenty instalments, for
six smiths and assistants, per second and fifth
articles treaty of September thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, five thousand and forty
dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty instalments, for
the support of six smiths' shops, per second
and fifth articles treaty of September thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
three hundred and twenty dollars.
For sixteenth of twenty instalments, for
the seventh smith andassistanf, andsupportof
shops, per second and fifth articles treaty of
September thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand and sixty dollars.
For support of smith and shop, during the
pleasure of the President, as per seventh and
twelfth articles treaty of April seventh, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, six hundred dol-
lars.
For support of two farmers, during the
pleasure of the President, as pertwelfih article
treaty of September thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, and seventh article treaty
of April seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For transportation, and necessary cost of de-
livery of annuity and provisions for Chippewas
of Lake Superior, three thousand dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi.
For sixth of ten instalments of the second
series, in money, per fourth article treaty of
October fourth, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, and eighth article treaty of September
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and
third article treaty of May seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, four thousand one hun-
dred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For sixth of ten instalments of the second
series, for thepayoftwo carpenters, perfourth
article treaty ot'October fourth, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty
of September thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-tour, and third article treaty of May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty four, four
hundred dollars.
For sixth of ten instalments of the second
series, in goods, per fourth article treaty of
October fourth, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, and eighth article treaty of September
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and
third article treaty of May seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty four, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For sixth of ten instalments of the second
series, for support, of schools, per fourth arti-
cle treaty of October fourth, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty of Sep-
tember thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and third article treaty of May seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six hundred
and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For sixth of ten instalments of second series,
for the purchase of provisions and tobacco,
per fourth article treaty of October fourth,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth
article treaty of September thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, and third article treaty
of May seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, six hundred and sixty-seven dollars and
sixty-seven cents.
For sixth of ten instalments of the second
series, for the support of two smiths' shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assist-
ants, and furnishing iron and steel, perfourth
article treaty of October fourth, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty
of September thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, and third article treaty of May sev-
enth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six
hundred and sixty-seven dollars and sixty-
seven cents.
For sixth of ten instalments of the second
series, for pay of two farmers, perthird article
treaty of May seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four," three hundredaud thirty-three dol-
lars and thirty-three cents.
For eighteenth of twenty instalments of
annuity, in money, perthird article treaty of
February twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
fifty five, twenty-thousand dollars.
For last of twenty-six instalments, to be
paid the Chippewas of Mississippi, per third
article treaty of August second, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-seven, one thousand dollars.
For fifth of ten instalments, for the support
of a school or schools upon said reservation,
in accordance with third article treaty of
March nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, four thousand dollars.
For fifth of ten instalments, to be expended
in promoting the progress of the people in
agriculture, and assisting them to become
self-sustaining, in accordance with third article
treaty of March nineteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, six thousand dollars.
For fifth of ten instalments, for the support
of a physician, inaccordance with third article
treaty of March nineteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For fifth of ten instalments, for the purchase
of necessary medicines, in accordance with
third article treaty of March nineteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, three hundred
dollars.
For transportation and necessary cost of
delivery of annuities and provisions for the
Chippewas of Mississippi, in accordance with
sixth article treaty of March nineteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, three thousand
dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi, Pillager, and
Lake Winnebagoshish Bands of Chippewa
Indians.
For ninth of ten instalments, to furnish
said Indians with ten yoke of good work-
oxen, twenty log-chains, two hundred grub-
bing-hoes, ten plows, ten grindstones, one
hundred axes (handled), twenty spades, and
other farming implements, per fifth article
treaty of May seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty four, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For the pay of two carpenters, one thou-
sand eight hundred dollars,_ and two black-
smiths, one thousand eight hundred dollars ;
four farm laborers, two thousand four hundred
dollars; one physician, one thousand two
hundred dollars ; and medicine for the sick,
five hundred dollars, per fifth article treaty
of May seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, seven thousand seven hundred dollars.
For this amount, to be applied toward the
support of a saw-mill, to be built for the
common use of the Chippewas of the Missis-
sippi and the Red Lake and Pembina bands of
Chippewas, as per sixth article treaty of May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For pay of services and travelling expenses
of a board of visitors, to eonsist of not more
than three persons, to attend the annuity pay-
ments to the Indians, and to inspect the
fields, buildings, mills, and other improve-
ments, as stipulated in the seventh article
treaty of May seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, not exceeding any one year more
than twenty days' service, at five dollars per
day, or more than three hundred miles' travel,
at ten cents per mile, four hundred and
eighty dollars.
For pay of female teachers employed on the
reservation to instruct Indian girls in domestic
economy, one thousand dollars.
Chippeivas, Pillager, and Lake Winneba-
goshish Bands.
For eighteenth of thirty instalments of annu-
ity, in money, per third article treaty of Feb-
ruary twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, ten thousand six hundred and sixty-
six dollars and sixty-six cents.
For eighteenth of thirty instalments of annu-
ity, in goods, per third article treaty of Feb-
ruary twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, eight thousand dollars.
For eighteenth of thirty instalments, for pur-
