2586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
composed of the Superintendent and two of
ttie professors of mathematics of the Navy
attached to the Naval Observatory, the Presi-
dent of the National Academy of Sciences,
and the/Superintendent of the Coast Survey,
in the purchase and preparation of instruments
for a proper observation of the transit of
Venus, which is predicted to occur on the 8th
of December, 1874. But no contracts or en-
gagements are to be made for such instruments
to an amount exceeding the sum hereby ap-
propriated.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the reporting agd consideration of this bill at
the present time?
Mr. HOLMAN. I think thatVenus can get
along without further legislation. I object.
[Laughter.]
st. joseph bridge-building company.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No. 2330)
to authorize the St. Joseph Bridge-.Building
Company to mortgage its bridge with the
appurtenances and the franchises relating
thereto; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Com-
^mcrce, and ordered to be printed.
public building, llt't'lh rock, arkansas.
Mr. BOLES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. It. No. 2331) to provide for
a building for the use of the Federal courts,
post office, internal revenue, and other civil
offices at Little Rock, Arkansas; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordeied to be printed.
adjournment till monday.
Mr. PETERS. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on next
Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
0rd15r 01? business.
The SPEAKER. The hour of two o'clock
having arrived, and this being the third Fri-
day of the month, business is in order from
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
salary 01' board ok iikaltil.
Mr. STARKWEATHER reported from the
Committee for the District of Columbia a bill
(H. R. No. 2332) to fix the salary of members
of the Board of Health ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that
members of the Board of Health of the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall be paid an annual sal-
ary of $2,000 each, and that the salary of the
persons now constituting the board shall be
paid from the date of their appointment, re-
spectively.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Hie latter motion was agreed to.
message from tub president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Portkr, one of his Secretaries.
washington and point lookout railroad.
_Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 191(1) to authorize the
Washington City and Point Lookout Railroad
Company to extend a railroad into and within
the District of Columbia, with amendments.
The preamble to the bill states that it is
represented to the present Congress that the
Washington City and Point Lookout Railroad
Company, incorporated under the provisions
of an act of the General Assembly of the
State of Maryland entitled "An act to provide
for the creation and regulation of incorpor-
ated companies in the State of Maryland,"
approved April 4, 1870, desire to extend
their railroad into and within the District of
Columbia.
The first section provides that the Washing-
ton City and Point Lookout Railroad Company
shall be authorized and empowered to extend
their railroad into and within the District of
Columbia; and the said Washington City and
Point Lookout Railroad Company are hereby
authorized to exercise the same powers, rights,
and privileges, and shall be subject to the same
restrictions in the extension and construction
of their said railroad into and within the said
District as they may exercise or are subject to
under the said act of the General Assembly of
Maryland approved April 4,1870, in the con-
struction and operation of their railroad within
the State of Maryland; and shall be entitled
to the same rights, compensation, benefits,
and immunities in the use of said road, and in
regard thereto, as are provided in said act of
the General Assembly of Maryland, it being
expressly understood that the said Washington
City and Point Lookout Railroad Company
shall have power to construct only one railroad
within the said District.
Section two provides that before the Wash-
ington Cityand Point Lookout Railroad Com-
pany aforesaid shall proceed to construct any
railroad which they may lay out or locate on,
through, or over any land or improvements,
or to use, or take for use, any earth, stone, or
other materials necessary for the construction
of said road, on any land within the said Dis-
trict, they shall first obtain the assent of the
owner of such land, improvements, or mate-
rials, or if such owner shall be absent from
said District, or shall refuse to give such assent
on such terms as the said company shall ap-
prove, or because of infancy, coverture, insan-
ity, or any other cause, shall be legally incapa-
ble of giving such assent, then it shall be
lawful lor the said company to apply to a
justice of the peace of the county of Washing-
ton, who shall thereupon issue his warrant,
under his hand and seal, directed to the
marshal of the said District, requiring him to
summon a jury of twenty citizens of the said
District, none of whom shall be interested, or
related to any person interested in the land or
materials required for the construction of the
said railroad, or a stockholder, or related to
any stockholder in the said company, to meet
on the land, or near to the other property or
materials so required, on a day named in such
warrant, not less than ten nor more than
twenty days after issuing the same, to proceed
to value the damages which the owner or
owners of any such land or other property
will sustain by the use or occupation of the
same required by the said company ; and the
proceedings, duty, and authority of the said
marshal in regard to such warrant and jury,
and the oath or affirmation to be administered,
and inquisition to be made and returned, shall
be the same as are directed and authorized in
regard to the sheriff, by the tenth section of the
said act of the General Assembly of Maryland
approved April 4, 1870, and all other proceed-
ings in regard to such jury,and the estimation
and valuation of damages, and the payment or
tender of payment of any damages ascertained
by such valuation and effect theieof,and of the
view of any lands,or other property or materials
as togiviugthe said company aright to use the
same for the use or construction of their rail road
within the said District, as hereby authorized,
shall, in every casje and every respect, be the
same as is provided in and by the before-men-
tioned act of the General Assembly of the
State of Maryland in regard to any railroad
to be constructed by the Washington City and
Point Lookout Railroad Company in the Stale
of Maryland ; provided that whenever by
the said act the inquisition of the jury is re-
quired to be returned to the clerk of the cir-
cuit court, to be confirmed by said court at its
next session, if not sufficient cause to the con-
trary be shown, the inquisition or inquisitions
under this act shall be returned by the marshal
to the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia, which court shall have the same jurisdic-
tion and powers over the subject-matter as the
said circuit court ha.ve under the act of the
General Assembly of Maryland aforesaid.
The third section provides that in all cases
where a condemnation and valuation of lands
or materials shall have been made under sec-
tion two of this act, either party may appeal
to the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia within thirty days from the rendition of
the verdict of the jury: and in all cases where
the said company shall take an appeal they
shall give bond to the party or parties claim-
ing and entitled to damages in a penalty at
least double the sum found by the jury, with
a condition that the said company shall pay,
or causo to be paid, such amount of damages
and costs as the party or parties may be enti-
tled to receive on the judgment of the said
supreme court without delay, and on which
bond ample and sn'iicient sureties shall be
given, to be approved by the said supreme
court; and in ail cf^ses where the party or
parties claimant shall appeal, the said com-
pany, if it .shall require the immediate use of
the property condemned and valued as afore-
said, before an a ppea'i can be heard or decided,
may execute and tender a bond to the party
or parties aforesaid, in at least double the sum
found by the jury, with sureties to be approved
by the supreme court, of said District, and with
a condition to pay without delay such sum and
costs as may be awarded by the said court;
and upon the delivery or tender of such bond
the said company may proceed to the con-
struction of their said road as if the party or
parties claimant and the said company had
agreed upon the compensation to be paid for
the property to be used; and that in all cases
where the said company shall appeal and give
bond as aforesaid, they may have the power
to proceed in the construction of their road
and appropriation of the property for the uses
thereof as if no appeal had been taken, and
the parties had agreed upon compensation for
the property required.
The fourth section piovides that whenever
the said company, in the construction of their
railroad within the said District, as authorized
by this act, shall find it necessary to cross or
intersect any established road, street, or other
way, it shall be the duty of said company so
to construct the said railroad across such
established road, street, or other way as not
to impede the passage or transportation of
persons or property along the same; and
where it shall be necessary to pass the said
railroad through the land of any individual
within the said District, it shall he the duty
of said company to provide for such indi-
vidual wagon-ways across the said railroad
as may be necessary and proper, from one
part of his land to another ; but nothing herein
contained shall be so construed as to author-
ize the said company to enter upon any lot or
square, or part thereof, owned by the United
States within the limits of the cities of Wash-
ington or Georgetown, for the purpose of
locating or constructing the said railroad, or
for the purpose of excavating the same, or
taking therefrom any materials, or for any
other purposes and uses whatsoever ; but the
said company, in passing into said cities of
Washington or Georgetown, shall pass along
or through or across such street or streets or
alleys as may be allowed by the Board of Pub-
lic Works of the District of Columbia, upou
presentation of survey and map of proposed
locution of said road ; and the said Washing-
ton and Point Lookout Railroad Company
