1690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
and to the opponents of the measure. The
present occupant of the chair, so long as he
may remain in it, will endeavor to carry out
that arrangement. But the Chair understood
it to be obligatory upon him to recognize in
tlio early part of the debate the gentleman
upon whose motion the majority of the House
committed this bill. The Chair supposes that
if the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
yields the floor to others he will carry out what
seems to be the understanding, that the time
shall be distributed between the opponents and
friends of this measure.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is my understanding.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I think that the Speaker
did not give full consideration to the sugges-
tion which I made. A ccording to the ordinary
parliamentary rule, which has grown up by
usage, the enemies of this bill should not have
the control of it under the present circum-
stances, except during the first hour. But by
the ruling of the Speaker, that principle, so
obvious and generally recognized, is violated
by the assignment of the floor to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] The babe
has certainly been given to the wolf to nurse.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. El dredge] will
observe that the gentleman from New York
[ Mr. Ketciiam] yielded one half his time to
the friends of the measure. If the gentleman
from Indiana, [ Mr. Holman,] who has the
power to yield to whom he pleases, chooses to
yield his lime entirely to gentlemen of his own
way of thinking, the Chair will be obliged to
coirect the inequality, if possible, in the future
assignment of the floor.
Mr. KILLINGER. Ldesire, at the proper
time, to renew the amendment which I offered
the other day. I send ir. to the Clerk's desk to
be read now for information.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the first section the following:
Provided, That in the construction of the saidrail-
road there shall be used none other than rails manu-
factured from American iron.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Killingeu] can hardly expect
me to yield for that amendment. 1 yielded
simply for debate.
Mr. KILLINGER. lam going to debate
the question. The proposition just read is a
part of my speech.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] will state
for how long a time he yields.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania for fifteen minutes for the
purpose of debate.
Mr. KILLINGER. "That is what I propose
to do, and I have commenced properly. I have
laid down my proposition or my text, and I
propose to debate it. as this is ihe only oppor-
tunity I shall have to do so.
Mr. Speaker, I indicated ray opposition to
the continuance of the land-grant policy in the
resolution which T .submitted on Monday last,
and which received the approval of the liouse.
If the pending hill to lonew the land grant to
Wisconsin for the purpose of building rail-
roads in that State is to bo excepted fiom the
operation of that resolution, I desire at least
to ingraft upon the bill the same proviso which
has been imposed upon land grant? in similar
cases. If we are to continue to build railroads
at the expense of the national domain, let us
at least continue to insist, in the interest of
home labor and our own industries, that the
roads shall be laid with lails manufactured
from American iron. The gentleman from
.New York [Mr. Cox] characterized this as
" nonsense," and my colleague from the Erie
district [Mr. Scofield] said it was " ridicu-
lous."
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us see whether these
sneers are deserved. I regard the proviso as
the most important part of the bill. It is not
necessary to my purpose that I should argue
the merits or demerits of the land-grant policy,
or even of the particular bill under considera-
tion. There was a period in the history of the
country when the public judgment favored the
construction of necessary publicimprovements
at the expense of the national Treasury. In
granting public lands to aid in the construc-
tion of the great transcontinental railroads
Congress had the approval of the country, be-
cause the enterprise was of national import-
ance, and exceeded the resources of any State
or private corporation. But that time has
passed, and there is no longer occasion for
legislation of that character. The people of
all the States have a common interest in the
public lands and demand a fair and equal dis-
tribution of their proceeds. All that remains
of that once vast and valuable heritage should
be reserved for actual settlers, the soldiers
entitled to locate thereon, and for educational
purposes, as regulated by law.
The lands now in question, it is said, will
inure to the benefit of the Northern Pacific
road if we fail to pass this bill. In that case
they will at least be dedicated to the policy for
which I am contending, for by the terms of its
charter that company must use American iron
in its construction.
And if, on the other hand, the lands are
appropriated to the State of Wisconsin, what
good reason has been or can be shown for
abandoning this beneficent feature of our past
legislation? As between the two rival claim-
ants. I would prefer that the State of Wiscon-
sin should have the benefit of tho grant, and
not that bloated corporation which has already
been gorged to repletion and whose lust of
subsidies grows by what it feeds upon. As I
understand the question, the State of Wiscon-
sin, by the terms of the original act, will be
compelled to sell the lands to actual settlers
at fair and fixed prices, not exceeding $2 50
per acre. The Northern Pacific, on the con-
trary, by the terms of its charter of incorpora-
tion, is absolutely unrestricted in this respect,
and is growing more rapacious as, anaconda-
like, it is winding itself around the homesteads
of the distant settlers.
But to return to the proviso. Whether the
original grant lapses, reverts to the United
States or to the Northern Paciiic company, I
desire to retain it in the interest of American
labor and the protection of the home market.
In this desire lam in the iine of safe prece-
dents. All the Pacific railroad grants contain
the same proviso, and have been or are now
being contracted under its operation. There
is no hardship or injustice in applying it to
the case under consideration. This grant in-
volves several millions of acres ; most of the
lands are well timbered and advantageonsly
located. It is a munificent endowment, large
in extent and great in value. If, therefore,
by the bounty of the nation, the proposed
railroad is built, may we not with propriety
declare the terms and define the limitations
upon which we propose to vote away this heri-
tage of the people? In my judgment it is our
bounden duty to reenact the provision which
has been imposed upon similar land grants,
and which have been regarded by the people
as wise and beneficent features in their char-
ters. If this be "nonsense" in New York,
or " ridiculous" in the Erie district of Penn-
sylvania, gentlemen may make the most of it.
My offense " hath this extent, no more."
Next to the protection of life and liberty,
there is no duty which the Government owes
to its citizens paramount to the protection of
their industries. It is undeniable that this
principle has been recognized in some form by
all nations, and is to-day the policy of every
civilized Government. At this very hourthere
is not on the globe one nation of any com-
mercial significance that does not recognize
this policy.
The laborer's capital is his capacity to work.
That capital is as much his property as the
bonds and broad acres of the capitalist con-
stitute property, and is equally entitled to the j
protecting shield of legislation. The protec-
tion the laborer most needs is defense against
foreign invasion. This invasion is made by
imports of manufactured products at pauper
rates, which we are capable of producing by
proper encouragement, every pound or yard
of which products represents foreign labor.
The object I have in view, then, is not to il bar-
gain," as my colleague [Mr. Scofield] sug-
gested, for the sale of Pennsylvania iron, but
to throw around the American laborer, and
skilled mechanic as well, the protection of an
American market. Iron, except as it repre-
sents the labor employed in its production,
I esteem no more than any other article of
commerce. But to me it represents the well-
fed, prosperous laborer, an elevated and edu-
cated citizenship, happy homes, and all the
blessings of Christian civilization. And that
is all tnere is of this question that interests
me.
I commend in this connection the unan-
swerable argument of the Ameiican Industrial
League to the careful consideration of the
House and the country:
"The people who own the country are rightfully
entitled to perform the mechanical and other work
required to supply the national demand for labor,
anil as American citizens we claim the exclusive
right to the home markets of the country.
"If foreigners want access to our better markets,
and on an equality with ourselves, let them emigrate
to the United States with their capital and machin-
ery, and pay not only our higher wages, but tho taxes
to support our schools and other institutions, as we
have always done.
" The home market sustains our industries, and it
is the mainspring of our prosperity. If, therefore,
to please foreigners, we throw down the barriers of
protection and permit our home markets to be sup-
plied with the manufactures and productions of
other countries, we destroy ourselves and sink to
the level ot slaves and paupers.
"Every day's work of imported manufactures
which competes with our domestic industries, p ae-
tically robs our mechanics and workmgmen of just
that amount of labor; and experience shows that
the more we have to do the greater the demands for
labor, and consequently the more we prosper and
improve our condition.
" The' mechanics and workingmen of the United
States havo a reasonable claim to such fostering
legislation as will stimulate domestic industry and
augment the labor ot the nation, tor labor is the
only source of wealth to nations as well as individ-
uals.
"Nineteen twentieths of the voting population of
the eountry depend on labor for maintenance and
happiness. Wetherefore claim all the tucehanical
and machinery work required to supply tho demands
of our countrymen for every description of manu-
facture <is an inalienable right of American citizen-
ship, and this right we shall insist upon at all haz-
ards; and brave, intelligent and free people will
spring to theirfeet in defense of their industries, as
they would in defense of the ilag should toreignfoes
invade our soil."
In this expression of sentiments tho league
represents faithfully and forcibly the working-
men of the country. Ten thousand signatures
have been presented to this Congress m advo-
cacy of these sentiments, and no one has ven-
tured to gainsay these unanswerable argu-
ments. Will gentlemen give heed to the voice
of the people m this regard?
My proviso has excited comment because
of the souice from which it emanates. The
gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Cox] said it
was a scheme of robbery and a legalized fraud
on the part of Pennsylvania ; and my colleague
[Mr. Scofield] said it tended to bring the tariff
system, in which Pennsylvania was interested,
into lidicule, and it loolsed like a bargain that
the railroad company shall come to our market
for pig iron. Tnese allegations are entitled
to some notice. If true now, they were true
a few years ago when the vaiious railroad
companies obtained land grants from Con-
gress with similar provisions. The Pennsyl-
vania delegation supported those provision;!,
my colleague included. He was then here
and voted for the precise pioviso now sub-
mitted to the consideration of the House. 1
do not find in the proceedings of the liouse
that he then thought so poorly of the proposi-
tion.
The gentleman from New York is well
known to regard the protective system in all
it's parts as "robbtery," and is therefore only
