794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
money for the labor expended in his peach
orchard, one out of every four, in signing his
receipt, is too modest to write his name, but
" makes his mark," as Jack Cade says, " like
an honest man."
I am surprised, however, at the illiteracy of
the State of Delaware, because I know, as we
have been told here, that that State has been
enjoying the benefits of those highly prized
and benign educational institutions so much
eulogized the other day by the gentleman from
Delaware. I mean the whipping-post and the
pillory. But those institutions, educational
and reformatory as they are, have not yet
sufficed to teach all the people of the State of
Delaware how to read and write and cipher,
not even with the aid of their constitutional
provision (hat no clergyman should be allowed
to sit in their Legislature, to the disturbance
of Democratic legislation.
This illiteracy, however, may probably ex-
plain another little matter in that State—a
email abenation from the great principle of
a true Democratic party, that the majority
should rule the minority—for in that little
State, under those highly beneficial institu-
tions, the whipping-post and the pillory, the
Democratic party has neatly arranged it that
the minority shall rule the majority. Kent
and Sussex are in the minority, but they are
Democratic counties. They each send seven
representatives to the lower housoof the Legis-
lature and three senators, while New Castle
county, with a majority of two or three thou-
sand sends but seven representatives and three
senators. In other words, the two Democratic
counties of Kent and Sussex have fourteen
representatives and six senators, though they
have but ft minority of the popular vote, while
New Castle county, a Republican county, with
a population exceeding that of Kent and Sus-
sex combined, is allowed only seven repre-
sentatives and three senators.
Mr. ISIOOS. Will Hie gentleman allow me
a moment for an explanation? 1 can say for
the three counties of Delaware, that after you
injected the fifteenth amendment into the Con-
stitution, and foisted upon the State of Dela-
ware live thousand negro votes, there was not
at her last election a single Republican elected
from Brandywino Hundred to the lowest, part
Of Lho Stato—not one.
Mr. TOWNSKND, of Pennsylvania. Let
me remind lho gentleman that before that oc-
curred, the county of New Castle cast a majority
against him and repudiated him as its Repre-
sentative ; and 1 trust l he time will come when
the people of New Castle county—the ship-
wrights, the machinists, the morocco-dressers,
ami the other mechanics and laboring men and
manufacturers of that county—will have man-
hood enough to agitate and agitate in every
legitimate way until they wipe out this mod-
em Democratic principle that the minority
shall rule the majoiity. The dread of their
doing (his is the teasoii that party want to keep
the people in ignorance. They have lurtlier
provided in their State constitution, which
was made in the good old Demociatie times
of Jackson, that the constitutional apportion-
ment of representation shall never be changed
unless there is a two-thirds majority in both
branches of the Legislature in favor of the
change. Thus the whole of New Castle
county lies ill the irop grasp of a minority of
the actual and voting population, who hold a
majority of the representation. Vetl trust the
sovereign people of that State will not permit
themselves to suffer much longer this grievous
wrong, whereby they are defrauded of their
political rights and privileges.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me go on and show
that these gentlemen oppose this giving away
of the public lands because they allege it is
unconstitutional. My colleague from New
Hampshire [Mr. Parker] challenges me to
point to him any provision of the Constitution
whereby we can donate these public lands or
the proceeds thereof to the purposes of edu-
cation. He has taken up his -spectacles, and
he has gone all through the Constitution, and
cannot find anything which authorizes the
donation of the proceeds of the public lands
to the purposes of common education. He is
as unfortunate as were the leaders of his party
a few years ago when James Buchanan and his
Attorney General, Black, took down the Con-
stitution and searched it from end to end, and
could not find any authority whereby the Con-
stitution could provide for the preservation of
the Union from destruction. The Republican
party came into power immediately, and under
the lamented Lincoln they discovered sufficient
authority and exercised it, and thereby saved
the country from being disrupted by a Dem-
ocratic rebellion.
I say, Mr. Speaker, there is authority
enough. It is to be found in the same para-
graphs of the Constitution that gave Congress
authority to establish a United .States Bank,
an Agricultural Department, and Department
of Education. If these gentlemen have any
regard for precedent, we have it all the way
down in our history from 1785 to the present
hour. As far hack as the formation of the
Constitution it has been provided in the
organic act of every Territory that the six-
teenth section of the public lands in every
township shall be given to such township for
the purposeof common schools. Nay,further,
this policy was carried on down to 1848, and
in 1848 it was changed for the better. It was
added to, and in addition to the sixteenth sec-
tion the new States were given the thirty-
sixth section, thus giving a double amount of
the public lands for common-school purposes.
More than that; when the States of Ore-
gon, Minnesota, Kansas, and Nebraska were
brought into the Union, the Congress of the
United States not only gave thein the sixteenth
and thirty-sixth sections of the public lands,
but gave them seventy-two sections in addi-
tion for tho purpose of creating State univer-
sities, and they imposed oil the grant a condi
tion. That, is what these gentlemen are opposed
to, conditions ou the part of Congress. They
are afraid of the conditions, because they take
away from, the power of the States to use these
funds as they may deem proper. Congress
imposed conditions on the States that these
public lands should be used for the purpose of
universities, and for no other purpose whatever.
They so declared emphatically in the grants.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the objection made
against this bill is that the conditions it would
impose on the southern States are onerous.
They are afraid this money will be appro-
priated to mixed schools. There is nothing
in the bill to warrant the apprehension. It
only says it. should be given to those States
whose Legislatures will engage that they will
provide by lav/ for the free education of all
their children between the ages of six and six-
teen years. There is no provision for social
equality. There is no restriction as to the
manner in which it shall be applied. It may
be applied to separate schools, or it may be
applied to mixed schools, but the application
of the money is entirely within the discretion
of the State which will receive t.he public
fund. Therefore the argument falls that there
is a condition onerous and burdensome. All
we ask is, they shall provide that the children
of the State, iyho will be called on to discharge
the duties of citizens of the United States, shall
be educated, so that a great mass of ignorance
and superstition shall not be allowed to disturb
the destinies of the country. We all know
republican government depends for its very
existence on the education, the intelligence,
and the virtue of the people. We all know
wherever ignorance prevails there is danger
of despotism. We all know where there is
education diffused through the masses of the
people liberty is secure. Therefore it is we
want, this money appropriated to public schools
throughout the country.
Now, gentlemen from the South tell us it
amounts to nothing. They refuse this little
pittance we make them. They say it will do
them no good. Yet they should be glad to
have a little of this financial guano applied to
their worn-out educational fields, as it will
stimulate them into wholesome activity. The
South should remember that the Peabody fund
of $100,000 a year has stimulated their schools
into activity already. This encourages them
to build up some schools in the southern por-
tion of the United States that would jiot other-
wise exist. •
The necessity of applying that stimulus is
to be found in the great fact of the ignorance
prevailing there, and which shows itself on
almost every occasion, public, and private. Let
me read a single paragraph fro-m the remarks
of Professor Benjamin Ewell, a Virginian,
president ot the College of William and Mary,
before the Committee on Education and Labor,
lie told us the other day, as an illustration of
the extent of ignorance among tho whites in
Virginia, as follows:
"I will state that about two years ago, in one of
the oldest counties of Virginia, reven out of twelve
of a jury of inquest, composed of white men, had to
make their mark, because they could not write their
names."
More than the half of that jury were illiter-
ate men; and vet the gentlemen of the South
refuse this proffered boon, this means of assist-
ing to create an educated population.
Mr. Speaker, the public lands are the inher-
itance of the people. They belong to all the
people of all the States. Wo are all entitled to
the proceeds of them, and the masses of the
North and the masses of the South look to
them as a permanent inheritance, as a great
fund, which shall inure to their benefit, and to
the benefit of their children aft'i them. They
have seen them monopolized of late by great
and gigantic corporations. The railroad coin-
paniesof this country have received 201,000,000
of public lands, the States have iecived
09,000,000, colleges have received 1.000,000,
and the agricultural and mechanical colleges
have received under the act of 1802, giving
,10,000 acres to the States for each Senator aud
Representative in Congress, about 9 000,000
more—-making in all about 79,000,000 that
have been devoted to the intellectual culture
and benefit of the country, while i!01,000,000
have been appropriated for the material pros-
perity aud advancement of the nation. They
are our lands; we own them ; we claim them.
I claim my constituents share. We do not
want to see them all given into the hands of
giant corporations. We want the proceeds of
this fund appropriated to the benefit of com-
mon schools ; for we know the fact, that if wo
do so, if we consecrate, as my friend, the
chairman of the committee, says, if we make
holy this fund, if we make it sacred for the
benefit of the rising generations as they grow
up, we know then that the people will keep
their eye upon their Representatives, and will
take care that there is no squandering of the
public lands to institutions that may be un-
worthy of them, and that they will be properly
guarded and the proceeds carefully used for
tho benefit of a rising posterity.
Mr. Speaker, I yield ten minutes of my time
to my friend, the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. McICee. 1
Mr. McKEli. Mr. Speaker, in the few min-
utes allotted to me I desire to say what I can
in behalf of this bill. This is by far the most
important bill of this session. It has a wider
scope, a broader range, and it proposes to
extend its educational blessings into the far
future, widening the circle of its influences as
the years roll on. Although it may be but a
stepping-stone, it is yet a recognition ol'national
interest in universal education. It is a grand
closing up of this decade with its three eras
of war and reconstruction and peace. If we
pass this bill it will be a fit climax of Repub-
lican victories. We will then have secured
the union and perpetuity of our country, the
freedom and equality of all her people, and
