1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8483
aesthetic and poetic and beautiful in all his
thoughts and expressions, could for a moment
tolerate such an idea. Sir, it ought not to be
tolerated at all. There is no necessity for it.
It is not a Chinese wall that you are building
up. If you preserve this property according
to its dedication, it is no Chinese wall at all;
it is 110 hinderance to the prosperity of this
city; nothing of that kind.
Why, sir, if you allow this railroad com-
pany to cut across this park, and give it prop-
erty of the United States that 1 have heard
estimated variously as worth from one hun-
dred to three hundred or four hundred thou-
, sand dollars; if you do that with this company
and bring their depot right on Pennsylvania
avenue, for that will be the outcome of it,
how can you refuse to do the same thing for
other companies? You forced the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company off Pennsylvania
avenue. You made it remove its depot and
go back from the avenue. -You would not
have a railroad depot on the avenue, and
you forced that company off the avenue.
Now, if you are to allow this company to
come up substantially to the avenue, if you
are to allow it to cut up the public park and
destroy it, how can you refuse to do the same
thing for the Baltimore and Ohio company?
How can you refuse to do it for the southern
companies which are to come into this city ?
How can you refuse to do it for any railroad
company ?
Oh, Mr. President, how beautiful this park
lies for the convenience of these railroad com-
panies! How beautiful it lies, right in the
center of the city, and how much they would
thank you if, abandoning all ideas of duty,
scorning all sethetic thoughts as unworthy of a
practical people, you were just to agree to sur-
render all the public property from the Capi-
tol to the White House in order that it might
be converted into railroad depots ! That would
suit this practical age, that would suit the prac-
tical man, that would suit a man who thinks
that mankind were made and live for no other
purpose in the world than to build railroads
and put money in the pockets of their stock-
holders 1
But 1 hope it does not suit the representa-
tives of the people in Congress assembled,
and I hope they are not prepared to destroy
the beauty of this city by converting the only
possible park in the city into a series of ^rail-
road depots and railroad conveniences. I hat
is the whole question, for I defy any man to
say, unless you intend to do the greatest in-
justice in the world to other companies, that
after you have given this company what privi-
leges it wants, you can with any consistency
refuse like privileges to other companies.
Will you say that this company shall have the
advantage of two or three hundred thousand
dollars' worth of the public domain, shall
have a right to cross this park with its trains
and cut it up; and then when the next com-
pany, equally meritorious, comes and asks you
for like facilities, and upon precisely the same
reasoning, will you say, "No, you shall go
into some remote part of the city r Why,
sir, Congress would thus make a discrimina-
tion against them and in favor of the Balti-
more and Potomac Railroad Company.
Is the Senate prepared to do any such thing
as that? If you are not, if you intend to hold
the scales of justice perfectly even and firmly
balanced between these railroad companies,
if you allow one of them to set up on this
park you must allow every other one to do it;
and then instead of having before this Capitol
and before the Presidential Mansion in this
cit.y a park that will ornament the city, that
will contribute not only to the pleasure of its
inhabitants but contribute to the pleasure of
every man, woman, and child in the Republic
who comes here, and which will contribute to
the health of the city, you will have before
you a vast railroad depot, or a s,erl®® ot ral1"
road depots from here to the White House.
I do hope, Mr. President, that the Senate
will never agree to any such thing. If there
were no other place in this city for a railroad
depot, then we might consider the question
whether the beautiful must not give way to
the useful. If that were the case, if we were
reduced to the stern necessity that we had to
choose between that which is indispensable
and that which is merely beautiful and orna-
mental, then I confess that beauty would have
to go to the wall; but we are reduced to no
such necessity at all. There is no reason in
the world why this grant should be made to
this company, because there is ample ground
for it, even according to the grant that Con-
ess has already made.
Mr. President, I wish that every one could
look at that map that is now exhibited in this
Chamber and understand what it is that is
asked here. I wish each Senator would look
at that map and see where this railroad is
to come in, what is to be the effect of estab-
lishing its depot at the place that it asks for,
and then put the question to himself, can you
honestly by your vote give this company this
superior advantage over other companies that
come into the city? Can you honestly refuse
to give like advantages to them ? Aud if he
says, as say he must if he is an honest man,
that to have equal and exactjustice to all he
is obliged to give like facilities to all, then,
sir, he surely will not vote for the destruction
of the park in this city, the most beautiful
feature in it.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to occupy
time in this discussion, but I find it difficult 
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. If the Sen-
ator will allow me, I wish to present a petition.
Allusion has been made both by the Senator
from New Jersey and by the Senator from
Ohio to the wishes of the people. Through
the courtesy of the Committee on the District
of Columbia, I have here petitions from the
people of the District. A large portion of
them have spoken themselves, but I have a
petition of the property-holders around and
about the proposed depot grounds. There are
live hundred and sixt.y-eight signatures against
this bill; there are ninety-five in favor of it,
and out of the ninety-five ill favor of it nine-
teen have withdrawn their names. Allusion
having been made frequently to the people, I
wanted the people to speak by their petitions.
I send them to the desk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Scott
in the chair.) Does the Senator desire that
they be laid on the table ?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. They be-
long to the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have
the petitions read. ,
Mr. STEWART. I think I had better be
allowed to say my few words and then 1 shall
be through. .
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I give no-
tice that I will ask to have the petitions read
when I get the floor.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. COLE. If the Senator will give way I
should like to submit a report from the con-
ference committee on the Indian appropriation
b'Mr. STEWART. I will yield for a confer-
ence report if it does not involve discussion.
Mr COLE. I am instructed by the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. 11. No.
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department
and for fulfiling treaty stipulations with van-
oils Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes, to submit a
report. I ask that it be read.
Mr EDMUNDS. We shall not be likely
to act upon that report until to-morrow, and 1
suggest that the report, which seems to be
long, be printed, and then we can act under-
St Mr.'HARLAN. It is not a long report, and
I hope the Senator will not insist on its going
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont objeet to its present
consideration ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object at this moment.
I do notunderstand it. Iaskthatit be printed.
I do not want to delay it, but I want to see it
in print.
The motion to print was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The railroad
depot bill is pending.
Mr. STEWART. I have not examined the
arrangement made with the original proprietors
of this city, but I do not think any injury will
be done them by allowing a railroad to come
into the city. Railroads were not known in
those days, it is true ; but I do not think the
original proprietors of this city ever lost a cent
by the capital coming here and improvements
being made. A railroad must come in some-
time. That argument would be good against a
railroad coming into one part of a city as well
as another. I do not think real estate here
has been depreciated by the location of the
capital at this place.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator did not
understand mo as saying that it would be bad
faith to let a railroad come into the city.
What 1 say is that it would be bad faith to
tako this land, which by the very terms of the
act itself is to be for the use of the United
States, and give it to a private company.
That is the thing that is bad faith.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think even that
in a pecuniary point of view would injure the
value of real estate here, if the United States
proposed to use it for a depot. I have no
difficulty on that score.
Mr. THURMAN. Let me read to the Sen-
ator what the language is:
"And that nit tho squares, lots, pieces, and parents
of Jand within thosaid city which have been orshnll
bo appropriated tor tho use of the United States,
and also the streets, shall romain and bo for too uso
of the United States."
That is a dedication forever.
Mr. STEWART. And the United States
have disposed of large parts of them already.
They had a large portion given to them and
have parceled it out. Of course they do not
want to keep them all unoccupied. That was
not the intention. The question is whether
this is a legitimate use of this property.^ I
have taken a little pains to look over this city.
I do not think the ground on the south side of
the canal is the most beautiful part of the cit.y
by any means. In fact I think it is one of the
least beautiful parts of the city, the least
healthful. It can be more readily dispensed
with than any other portion. Now, if you are
to have depots where they will least incon-
venience the residents of the beautiful portion
of the city, and at. the same time accommo-
date the city and its business, any one would
point to some spot whore you cannot, get any-
body to build on account of the ague, some
spot that you never have beautified, and from
which everybody flees on the high ground, and
yet which is near the business portion of the
city. It seems to me if you should select any
particular part where a depot would be least
offensive, you would take the land by the canal
and let railroads improve it. The portion of the
city along that canal is most unseemly and has
been allowed to remain so since the founda-
tion of the Government. It is the worst look-
ing part of the city, the most loathsome part,
and 1 think smoke and steam would help it
some. -n,.,. ..
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Will the
Senator allow me a moment? I presume he is
aware that the depot grounds selected come
within half a square of Pennsylvania avenue,
right up to the hotels.
Mr. STEWART. If you will go half a
square from Pennsylvania avenue, tor two
thirds of the length of it between here and the
Presidential Mansion, you will find the most
loathsome part of Washington. Nobody will
