1872.
?HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2587
may connect within said District with any
railroad or canal company chartered, or here-
after to be chartered, by such route or routes
within said District as may be determined by
the Board of Public Works of said District,
and upon such terms as may be agreed upon
by the said companies respectively.
The fifth section provides that the said
Washington City and Point Lookout Railroad
Company may charge and receive for tolls and
transportation on all that part of said road
within the District of Columbia a rate not to
exceed eight cents per ton per mile; and the
said company may charge and receive for tak-
ing up and setting down any passenger or trav-
eler within said District conveyed a shorter
distance than four miles a sum not exceeding
fifteen cents.
The sixth section provides that the said
company are also hereby authorized and em-
powered to make such special contract with
any duly authorized officer or agent of the
United States for the conveyance of the mail
or the transportation of persons or property
for the use of the United States, 011 any rail-
road which shall be constructed by the said
company, on such terms as shall be approved
of by the competent officer or authority, and
to receive such compensation so agreed for
according to the terms of such contract.
The seventh section provides that this act
shall take effect from the date of its passage.
The SPEAKER. The amendment reported
by the committee will now be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In the preamble strike out the word " incorpor-
ated," and insert " organized on the 24th day of
February, 1872."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Inline six, after the word "Columbia," insert " to
a point of the eastern branch of the Potomac river
between the Potomao river and a point where the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad crosses the said
eastern branch."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
In line twenty-two of section four, strike out the
words " the Board of Public Works of the District
of Columbia," and alter the word "the" on the same
line insert " hereafter by the Congress of the United
States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
In line twenty-four of the same section, after the
word "Washington" insert "oity."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line twenty-eight of the same section, after the
word "be" insert the word "hereafter, and strike
out of the same line the Board of Public Works of
said District" and insert " Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word "respectively." in line thirty,
insert these words: "as may be prescribed by Con-
gress."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line eight,section five, strike out "fifteen " and
insert "twelve."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add as an additional section:
And be it further cnade.d, That unless the said com-
pany shall commence the construction of saul road
within two years, and complete the same with at
feast one set of tracks within four years.fiorn the
passage of this act, then this act and all rights and
privileges hereby granted shall cease and determine;
and the Congress of the United States shall, have
authority at any time hereafter to grant similar
privileges as are heroin granted to any company in-
eoroorated or to be incorporated by the State of
Maryland or by Congress, or to enact such rules and
regulations, prescribing the speed of oars passing
over "'id road, and any other matter relating there-
to necessary ior the security of the persons and
ur'uijertv of inhabitant ot the District ot Coiiimbia,
in such manner „ the
mnvdeouiexpedient: Provided, lhatUm0ress
shall have power to alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Xhe'amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this last proposi-
tion should go further. I think the experi-
ence of the country demonstrates very clearly
that Congress and all other legislative bodies
should reserve to themselves the power of regu-
lating the cost of transportation of passengers
and freight. I think that it is so important a
power that it ought not to be omitted from acts
of this kind. 1 ask leave to submit an amend'
ment to the last clause.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. In the fifth sec-
tion of the bill it is provided that the charge
for transporting freight within the District shall
not exceed eight cents per ton per mile, and
that for passenger travel, for any shorter dis-
tance than four miles of road, the fare shall
not exceed twelve cents.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think Congress should
distinctly reserve the power to impose further
limitations. Where this power has been pre-
served in the organization of the railroad sys-
tem, 1 find there has been an entire freedom
from the embarrassments to which the whole
western country now finds itself subjected in
this respect.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I see no objec-
tion to such a reservation. I will hear the
gentleman's amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit the following
amendment, to come in at the end of section
five:
And Congress reserves the power to further regu-
late the cost of transportation of persons and freight
over said road within said District.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to.be
engrossed and road a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I now yield to
my colleague on the committee, the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
MORTGAGES IN TUB DISTRICT.
Mr. POLAND. I am instructed by the
Committee for the District ol Columbia to
report adversely on the bill (H. It. No. 768)
relating to mortgages in the District ot
Columbia, and to move that the same be
laid on the table. X desire to say in refer-
ence to this bill that if the law needs any
amendment in the particulars in which the
bill proposes to amend it, it is entirely within
the power of the District Legislature to do so.
I move that the bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SOUTHERN EXPRESS COMPANY.
Mr. POLAND, from the same committee,
reported back the bill (H. R. No. 910) to
incorporate the Southern Express Company,
and moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the same,
and that it be .referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
EQUITY PROCEEDINGS IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. POLAND also, from the same commit-
tee reported back, with the recommendation
that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1309)
for the regulation of equity proceeding in the
District of Columbia, and moved that the
same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CREATION' OF CORPORATIONS.
.Mr. POLAND also, from the same commit-
tee reported back, with the recommendation
that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 706) to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide for
the creation of corporations in the District of
ColumDia by general law," and moved that
the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
FRANCHISE FOlt LINE OF COACHES.
Mr. POLAND also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No.
1190) granting a franchise for a line of coaches
from the national Capitol to the national
cemetery at Arlington, Virginia, and moved
that the same be laid on the table.
The motiou was agreed to.
DEFECTIVE TITLES.
Mr. POLAND also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, with amendments, the
bill (H. R. No. 1644) to cure defective titles
in the District of Columbia.
The bill was read. It provides that the
title to all real property lying and situate in
the District of Columbia which has vested in
the United States by escheat per defectum san-
guinis, in cases of persons heretofore held in
slavery, be, and the same is hereby, vested in
the children of such persons by them recog-
nized as such, and in the descendants of such
children, if deceased, and such children are
hereby capacitated to inherit one from the
other or others.
Mr. POLAND. The committee report the
following amendment:
In the seventh line strike out the words "by them
recognized as such."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. The committee also recom-
mend the following amendment:
At the end ot the bill insert the following:
In the same manner and to tho same extent as if
born in lawful wedlock.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTENSION Ol? METROPOLITAN RAILROAD.
Mr. POLAND also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, with amendments, the bill (H.
R. No. 2240) authorizing the extension of the
railway of the Metropolitan Railroad Company
in the District of Columbia.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
approved March 3, 1865, entitled " An act to
amend an act entitled ' An act to incorporate
the Metropolitan Railroad Company in the
District of Columbia,' " be so amended as to
confer upon the said company the prifilege
of extending its railway along Bast Capitol
street from Ninth to Eleventh street east,
and southward along said Eleventh street to
and over the bridge crossing the Anacostia
river to Uniontown; and also to lay a single
or double track from East Capitol street, aloug
Seventh street east, and from Eleventh street
east along C street south, to the public market
on square No. 872 ; and also to extend its rail-
ways from the intersection of K street north
and Connecticut avenue, along said avenue, to
L or M street north, and along either of . said
streets by the most direct route to the inter-
section of Bridge and Green, or Montgomery
streets, Georgetown; and the said railroad
company, and all other railroad companies
running tracks along the avenues and streets
in the District of Columbia, are required to lay
pavement m conformity with the direction of
the Board of Public Works, and of such char-
acter and material as said board shall direct.
Mr. POLAND. The committee recommend
an amendment in the tenth line by striking
oat the words '"and over;" so that it shall
read, ''along said Eleventh street to the bridge
crossing the Anacostia river to Uniontown.'
The amendment was agreed to.
