1872/J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
Laws of the United States.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
poses of utility, per thud article treaty of Feb-
ruary^ twenty hi-con<l. Wglrteen hundred and
fiflv-iive, four thousand dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty instalments, for
purposes^ of education, per third article of
treaty of February twenty-second, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
Chippewas of Red Lake and Pembina Tribe
of Chippewas.
For this amount, as annuity, to be paid per
capita to the Red Lake band of Chippewas,
during the pleasure of the President, per third
ai tide treaty of October second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, and second article sup-
plementary treaty of April twelfth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, ten thousand dollars.
For this amount to the Pembina band of
Chippewas, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per same treaty, five thousand dollars.
For ninth of fifteen instalments, for the
purpose of supplying the Pied Lake band of
Chippefvas with gillmg-twine, cotton matter,
calico, linsey, blankets, shp.eting, flannels, pro-
visions, farming tools, and for such other use-
ful articles and for such other useful purposes
as may be deemed for their best interests, per
third article supplementary treaty of April
twelfth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, eight
thousand dollars.
For ninth of fifteen instalments, for same
objects, for Pembina band of Chippewas, per
same treaty, four thousand dollars.
For ninth of fifteen instalments, for pay
of one blacksmith, one physician who shall
furnish medicine for the sick, one miller, and
one farmer, per fourth article of same treaty,
three thousand nine hundred dollars.
For ninth of fifteen instalments, for the pur-
chase of iron and steel, and other articles, for
blacksmithing purposes, per same treaty as
above, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For ninth of fifteen instalments, to be ex-
pended for carpentering, and other purposes,
per same treaty, one thousand dollars.
For ninth of fifteen instalments, to defray
expenses of a board of visitors to cousist of
not more than three persons, to attend the
annuity payments of the said Chippewa In-
dians ; each member of the board to be paid
not more than five doliars per day fornot more
than twenty days' service, and ten cents per
mile for not more than three hundred miles'
travel, three hundred and ninety dollars.
For transportation of annuity goods and
provisions, and iron and steel for blacksmiths,
for the Chippewas of Red Lake and Pembina
tribe, two thousand dollars.
Choctaws.
For permanent annuity, per second article
treaty of Novembersixteenth, eighteen hundred
and five, and thirteenth article treaty of June
twenty second, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity, for support of light-
horsemen, per thirteenth article of treaty of
October eighteenth, eighteen hundred and
twenty, and thirteenth article treaty of June
twenty-second, eighteen hundred aud fifty-six,
six hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity, forsupport of black -
smith, per sixth article treaty of October eight-
eenth, eighteen hundred and twenty, ninth
article ot treaty of January twentieth, eight-
een hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth
article of treaty of June twenty-second, eight-
een hundred and fifty-five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity for education, per
second article treaty of January twentieth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, and thir-
teenth article treaty of June twenty-second,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thousaud
dollars.
For permanent annuity of iron and steel,
per ninth article treaty of January twentieth,
!| eighteen hundred and twenty-five, and thir-
;{ teenth article treaty of June twenty second,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred
and twenty dollars.
For interest on three hundred and ninety
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars
and ninety-two cents, at five per centum, per
annum, for education, support of the govern-
ment, and other beneficial purposes, under the
direction of the general council of the Choc-
taws, in conformity with the provisions con-
tained in the ninth and thirteenth articles
treaty January twentieth, eighteen hundred
and twenty-five, and treaty of June twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, nine-
teen thousand five hundred and twelve dollars
and eighty-nine cents.
Confederated Tribes and Bands of Indians in
Middle Oregon,
For third of five instalments, third series,
for beneficial objects, per second article treaty
of June twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, four thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of fifteen instalments, for pay
and subsistence of one farmer, one blacksmith,
and one wagon and plow maker, per fourth
article treaty of June twenty-fifth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for pay
and subsistence of one physician, one sawyer,
one miller, one superintendent of farming
operations, and one school teacher, per fourth
atticle treity of June twenty-fifth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments for sal
ary of the head chief of said confederated
bands, per fourth article treaty of June twenty-
fitth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
Creeks.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty of August seventh, seventeen
hundred and ninety, and fifth article treaty of
August seventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty of June sixteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and two, aud fifth article treaty of August
seventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three
thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty of January twenty-fourth, eight-
een hundred and twen^-six, and fifth article
treaty of August seventh, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth
article treaty of January twenty-fourth, eight-
een hundred and twenty six, and fifth article
treaty of August seventh, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, eight hundred aud forty dollars.
For permanentannuity for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty of January
twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and twenty-
six, and fifth article treaty of August seventh,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two huudred
and seventy dollars.
For permanent annuity for the pay of a
wheelwright, per eighth article treaty of Jan-
uary twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and
tweuty-six, and fifth article treaty of August
seventh, eighteen hundred aud fifty-six, six
hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
eight hundred and forty dollars.
For iron and steel of shop, three hundred
and seventy dollars.
For wagon maker, six hundred dollars.
For education, one thousand dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations,
two thousand dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousaud dollars, for purposes of education,
per sixth article treaty of August seventh,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, ten thousand
dollars.
For intereston six hundred and seveDty five
thousand one hundied and sixty-eight dollars,
at the rate of five per centum per annum, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, under provisions of third arti-
cle treaty of June fourteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, thirty-three thousand seven
hundred and fifty-eight dollars and forty cents.
Crows.
For fourth of thirty instalments, to supply
male persons, six hundred in number, over
fourteen years of age, with a suit of good sub-
stantial woollen clothing, consisting of coat,
hat, pantaloons, flannel shirt, and woollen
socks, as per ninth aiticle treafy of May sev-
enth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, eight
thousaud four hundred dollars.
For fourth of thirty instalments,, to supply
each female, seven hundred in number, over
twelve years of age, with a flannel shirt, or the
goods necessary to make the same, a pair of
woollen hose, twelve yards of calico, and twelve
yards of cotton domestic, as per same article,
eight thousand four huudred dollars.
For fourth of thirty instalments to supply
three hundred and fifty boys, and three hun-
dred and fifty girls, under the ages named, such
flannel and cotton goods as may be needed
to make each a suit as aforesaid, together
with a pair of woollen hose for each, per
same article, five thousand nine hundred and
twpnty-three dollars.
For fourth of ten instalments, to-be used by
the Secretary of the Interior in the purchase
of such articles as, from time to time, the con-
dition and necessities may indicate to be proper,
the sum of teu dollars for each Indian roam-
ing, as per same article, a sum. not exceeding
five thousand dollars.
For pay of a physician, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For third of twenty instalments, for pay of
teacher, and furnishing necessary books and
stationery, under seventh article same treaty,
three thousaud dollars.
B\)r pay of second blacksmith, and iron and
steel, as per eighth article of the same treaty,
two thousand dollars.
For third of ten instalments, to be used by
the Secretary of the Interior in the purchase
of such articles as from time to time the condi-
tion and necessities of the Indians may indi-
cate to be proper, the sum of twenty dollars for
each Indian engaged in agriculture, as per
ninth article of the same treaty, a sum not
exceeding twenty thousand dollars.
For third of four instalments, to furnish said
Indians with flour and meat, as per ninth arti-
cle of the treaty of May seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, one hundred and thirty-
one thousand four huudred doliars.
For last of three instalments, to be expended
in presents to the ten persons of said tribe
who, in the judgment of the agent, may grow
the most valuable crops, as per twelfth article
of the same treaty, five hundred dollars.
For pay of carpenter, miller, engineer,
farmer, aud blacksmith, as per fifteenth arti-
cle of the same treaty, five thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For transportation of goods, seven thousand
dollars.
Delawares.
For life annuity to chief, per private article
to supplemental treaty, of September twenty-
fourth, eighteen huudred and twenty nine, to
treaty of October third, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, one hundred dollars.
For interest on forty-six thousand and
eighty dollars at five per centum, being tlit*
value of thirty-six sections of land set apart
by treaty of eighteen hundred and twenty mi.o
