2588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. POLAND- The committee also recom-
mend an amendment in line six by striking
oat the words "or M;" so that it will read,
"along said avenue to L street north."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. The committee also recom-
mend an amendment in the seventeenth line
by striking out the words "either of" and
inserting in lieu thereof " street;'' and also by
striking out the letter " s" from the word
"streets;" so that it will read, "and along
said street by the most direct route to the
intersection of Bridge and Green, or Mont-
gomery streets, Georgetown."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and "being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KJEFORM SCHOOL OF THE DISTKICT.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the bill (S.
No. 354) relating to the Reform School of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to ask the
gentleman for what purpose he wishes to take
it from the Speaker's table?
Mr. POLAND. To pass it.
Mr. FiNlvELNBURG. I object, although
I have no objection to having it referred.
Mr. POLAND. If the gentleman will listen
to me for a moment I think he will not have
any objection to its passage.
Mr. PINKELNBUKG. I will hear the
gentleman, with the understanding that the
objection is pending.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
cannot entertain such an understanding as
that.
Mr. DICKEY. Then I shall object to the
bill.
Mr. POLAND. I only desire that the gen-
tleman will withdraw his objection to hear a
statement made.
The SPEAKHR pro tempore. He cannot
withdraw it conditionally.
Mr. POLAND. 1 beli eve it is not unusual
to hear an explanation to induce gentlemen to
withdraw objections.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gen-
tleman withdraws his objection, he must do it
absolutely.
Mr. KING. I hope we shall have a word
of explanation.
M*. DICKEY. 1 ask that by unanimous
consent the gentleman be heard.
There was no objection; and leave was
granted.
Mr, POLAND. A bill precisely like this
was referred to the House Committee for the
District of Columbia, who considered it very
fully. We not only had the tiusiues of the
school and several gentlemen connected with
it and conversant, with it before the commit-
tee, bat the committee themselves visited the
school, and I believe that this is the only dis-
interested public institution there is in this
District. The committee were unanimously
in favor of this bill and the appropriation that
it makes, but inasmuch as it contained an ap-
propriation, and we do not like to antagonize
ourselves to the Committee on Appropriations,
instead of reporting the hill to the House and
asking the House to pass it as our bill, we re-
ported favorably upon the bill, with a full written
report, and referred it to the Commi'tee on
Appropriations, where it now is. The Senate
passed a precisely similar bill to ours, and for
certain reasons there is much necessity for its
speedy passege, if passed at all. The com-
mittee therefore determined to ask the House
to take up and act upon the Senate bill.
This school is located some four or five
miles above Georgetown, and upon a Govern-
ment farm which is very near the river. It
has turned out upon experience to be an
unhealthy location, so much so that it is
impossible to continue the school in that
place; and therefore the school must either be
broken up and discontinued, or it must be
removed to some other location. And if it is
to be removed, it is important that steps
should be taken to do so immediately. These
are substantially the reasons why we have
deemed it advisable to ask the House to take
up this Senate bill and pass it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman from Vermont., [Mr, Poland]
if he has read and examined this bill from
the Senate. If so, I would like to ask hitn
wherein it differs from the bill considered and
agreed to in the Committee of the House.
Mr. POLAND. It is precisely similar to the
bill whieli the House Committee for the Dis
trict of Columbia unanimously recommended.
But instead of asking the House to pass it,
we sent it to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, because it contained an appropriation,
and we desired to have their approval.
Mr. ELDREDGE. A still further inquiry.
Does this bill contain the amendments sug
gested by the Committee for the District of
Columbia to the bill reported by them? We
made some amendments to the bill which was
introduced and referred to the committee, and
I want to know if ftiis Senate bill contains those
amendments.
Mr. POLAND. The only amendment of
any importance made by our committee was
one to divide the appropriation of $100,000,
and to provide that so much only should be
expended for land and the rest of it for the
building. This bill does not contain that
amendment.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Does this Senate bill
contain the proposition to sell the grounds on
which this institution is now located?
Mr. POLAND. No; it does not. The ori-
ginal bill as introduced into the House provided
that this Government farm, which is where the
reservoir is, should be sold. But there was
a gieat deal of objection on the part of General
Meigs and other Government officers to the
sale of this property. As we were not suffi-
ciently advised as to the propriety of selling it,
we struck out that provision of the bill before
our committee, and the Senate have done the
same thing.
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to say that this bill
has not yet been considered by the Committee
on Appropriations. There are estimates in
reference to this reform school, but those esti-
mates have not yet b.'en considered. This bill
contains an appropriation of $100,000, and
it also entails upon the Treasury an annual
expense of $10,000. Therefore I must object
to the consideration of this bill now.
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman allow
the bill to be referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia?
Mr; DICKEY. As the Committee for the
District of Columbia have already considered
it, I do not think that it is necessary. 1 have
no objection to its being referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, for consideration as
to the appiopiiation only.
Mr. POLAND. Well, I will notstandupou
that matter.
The bill was accordingly taken from the
Speaker s table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
WASHINGTON NATIONAL MONUMENT.
Mr. WTLLTAMS, of Indiana, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported
back House bill No. 1170, appropriating
^200,000 lor the completion of the Washing-
ton national monument, with a report in writ-
ing, and moved that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that the bill, report, and accompanying papers
be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
LOT FOR PUBLIC SCHOOL.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I ask unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker's
table for consideration at this time Senate bill
No. 299, amending an act entitled " An act
directing the conveyance of a lot of ground
for the use of the public schools of the city of
Washington."
The bill was taken up, and read a first and
second time.
. The bill, which was read, proposes to au-
thorize the mayor, board of aldermen and
board of common council of the city of Wash-
ington to sell and convey part of lot No. 14,
in square No. 253, being particularly described
as follows, to wit: beginning at northwest
corner of said lot, and thence running south
thirty-six feet nine inches; thence east fifty-
five feet four inches to east line of said lot;
thence north thirty-six feet nine inches;
thence west to the place of beginning ; the
proceeds of the sale to be invested by the cor-
poration of Washington in another lot or part
of lot in the city, and improvements thereon;
the property so purchased to be used for the
purpose of public schools and for no other pur-
pose ; and the conveyance of the pioperty
described is to vest in the purchaser thereof
an absolute and perfect title.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I hope the gentleman
will consent to have this bill referred lo the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This matter has
already been before that committee. The
whole matter is this: several years ego the
Government, gave a certain little lot for a
school on the condition that it should be used
for school purposes. They have ceased to use
it for school purposes, because the location is
not desirable. They now want to sell that lot,
which is unfit for school purposes, and apply
the proceeds to purchasing another site. That
is all that the bill contemplates. It is a very
small matter.
Mr. ELDREDGE. As I gather the purport
of this bill from hearing it hastily read, it
appears that there is no limitation as to the
purchase of school property with the proceeds
of the sale of this lot. The bill, it seems to
me, would leave these parties at liberty to
purchase another site which may be equally
ineligible or undesirable for school purposes.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman,
if he examines the bill, will find that it pro-
vides for selling this lot, which cannot be used
for school puiposes, and investing'the money
in the puichase of another lot which can be so
used. That is the simple provision of the
bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The objection which
strikes me is that there is no provision made
for the purchase of any other lot. The bill
allows the present site to be sold and the pro-
ceeds to be applied in the purchase of another
lot, without prescribing who shall make the
purchase, what the price shall be, or where the
ground shall be located. 1 think the bill had
better be referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, that we may consider it.
There is certainly no pressing necessity for
pushing it through to-day.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have no objec-
tion to the reference of the bill. The subject,
however, has been considered by the com-
mittee.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT FIRK DEPARTMENT.
Mr, STARKWEATHER reported from the
Committee for the District of Columbia a bill
