£96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
believe that if w-e could appropriate five or
even tea million dollars out of the Treasury
for two years for this purpose it would be a
cheap and desirable investment if it accom-
plished this expected result. No portion of
the Union, no State could cotaplain. The
common fund is applied for the common ben-
efit. Every State "receives its share, and- the
distribution is based upon population While
it takes the people's money out of the Treas-
ury, it uses it and distributes it equally forfhe
people's education. _ No portion of the Union
lot.es anything by this operation. >
But the bill proposed by the committee
ignores the fact that national aid is necessary
to start, rather than to maintain, these schools.
They overlook the fact that free schools, when
once permanently established, are able to take
care of themselves. They do not seem to ap-
preciate that twenty dollars or ten dollars from
the General Government now will do more for
free schools than many times that sum here-
after. They propose to reduce and dole out
scarcely more than half the amount at our com-
mand from this source. Their annual appro-
priation is to be but half the proceeds and the
interest on the remainder. This, in my judg-
ment, is a grave mistake. No fund is needed
for the future. National aid ought not to be
perpetual. The States should be asked and
encouraged with the offer of material aid to
provide for free education, but left with $
diminishing sum to rely upon local funds and
voluntary taxation for their ultimate main-
tenance.
But, not content with this reduction, the
committee further propose that in the first
year one half of the sum thus loft for appor-
tionment may be diverted from the education
of the ignorant., schoolless population to the
training of teachers. One fourth of the whole
proceeds nearly may be used and appropriated
to help support normal schools, instead of
starting schools for tho ignorant, and illiterate j
and a permanent, diversion of ten per cent,
of this fund is permitted. Such u provision
ought, not to prevail. Suiely teachers of suf-
ficient capacity to teach the ordinary branches,
in a three months' school can be found in
every part of the land.
Let us not rob these feeble and struggling
free schools, or consent to the diversion of
any part of the pittance tho whole annual
proceeds of the disposition of tho public lands
will afford them. Let us devote this to free
schools, having already munificently provided
by former grants for the higher schools of
learning.
In the third section it is provided that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall certify this
account back to the Secretary of tho Interior
upon the 31st of <July. The fiscal year ends
cm the yOth of June, but this account, cannot
be made up sooner tha i the 1st of Di cem-
ber. The quarterly accounts of the different
land offices arc closed on the 30th of dune,
and they must be leported to the Secretary of
the Interior, to the Land Office, and perhaps
sent back tor correction and then adjusted, and
it is found that they cannot be adjusted under
four or five months.
Again, it is provided in the second section of
this bill that the Secretary of the Interior shall
cause the aeounts to be taken at the close of
each fiscal year. 1 made inquiries at the Land
Office in regard to this matter, and received
a letter whichstat.es these facts, which 1 desire
to have read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Department op the Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, I). 0., January 31,1872
Sir: In answer to your inquiry of this date I have
tho honor f. inclose a copy of a letter dated 10th
instant, addressed to the clerk of the House Com-
mittee on Education, &c., embracing a statement in
regard to tho net proceeds >>t tho sales of the public
lands from July 1,18i54, to June 30.1871.
Ih reference to House bill No. 1043. to appropriate
to educational purposes the net proceeds from, the
disposal -of :the publie lands, attention is oalled to
the first and second sections of the act of September
4,1841, United States Statutes, volume five, page 453,
chapter sixteen, entitled "An act to appropriate the
p,roeeedsof tho salesof thepublic lands," &c., which
have been in, abeyance since 1842( pursuant, to the
provisions of ;the sixth section of the same taw, but
have not" been repealed; and in the event of a mod-
ifieationof^hetariff, may again come into operation.
It is suggested that in arriving at the net revenue
from the disposal of the public lands, there should
bo deducted from tho gross receipts, tho cost of the
survoys,. including salaries of surveyors general
and their clerks, and the contingent expenses of
their offices', including salaries, commissions, rnd
fees of the registers and receivers, the expenses
of the General band Office, including salaries of
Commissioner, clerks, messengers, &c., and also the
five per eent. payablo by law to the several land
States upon the net proceeds of the sales of the
publio lands within their limits.
It is proper to state that in order to determine the
net proceeds from the disposal of tho public lands,
in any one year, it is necessary that all the accounts
of the receivers and disbursing agents shall have
beon examined and adjusted to the end of such
year, and also the accounts with the States for the
firo- per cent, aliuded to. This involves a labor of
several months, and hence it would be impracti-
cable for this office to report the amount of net
receipts in less than from five to six months after
the termination of each fiscal year.
I am, sir, very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
WILLIS DRUMMOND, Commissioner.
Hon. II. C. -BukCHaud, House of Representatives.
Mr. BUKCHABD. The substitute which
I' desire to offer provides that on the 1st of
December the Secretary of the Treasury shall
certify to the Secretary of the Interior the
amount of these net cash proceeds, and then
the Commissioner of Education is to make the
apportionment. It further provides that the
school officers shall report to the Secretary of
tho Interior on the 1st of November, so that
he vvill have ample timo prior to the 1st of
December to ascertain what schools and what
Slates are entitled to a share of this fund.
The committee's bill requires the Stale officer
to report to the Commissioner of Education in
June. Tins is an unusual time for State super-
intendents or school officers to report. In the
most of the States district and county school
ollicers report to county and State officers near
the close of the calendar year, in October or
November. Sta'o officers would not have the
necessary data for the year until later, and
could, when making their annual reports to
Slate authorities, at tho close of the year, far
better make their reports to the Commissioner
of Education.
The apportionment made by the latter in De-
cember, nnd warrants issued thereafter, would
transfer the funds set apart to each State to
the State treasurer, or other proper custodian,
and be ready for distribution by the State
superintendent when State funds are distrib-
uted—usually, 1 believe, in February or March,
or as soon as State taxes are collected.
Tim time for certifying the amount for dis-
tribution and apportionment bv the Commis-
sioner of Education and State officers, and for
making and forwarding their reports, is, I
suggest to the committee, inconvenient and
impracticable. The bill which 1 introduced
and had referred to the committee, and which
I propose to offer as a substitute, is free from
these objections.
I would say, in conclusion, that I will
offer my substitute that it may be printed. I
believe the motion to recommit is now pend-
ing, and that ail amendment is not, therefore,
now in order. But it is the understandingthac
that motion will be withdrawn, and I offer
this substitute. I do not desire to discuss the
bill further, but. hope that gentlemen who wish
to have this bill passed in the best possible
shape will scan its details, and I ask the atten-
tion of the committee to the criticisms I have
suggested. I know that there is oue gentle-
man on that committee who has been a distin-
guished educator, who has had experience as
.State superintendent of education in more
than one State, who will probably address the !
Uouse. and I shall be very happy to hear from I
hun if he should. |
And I ask attention to these details in order I
that we may understand whether this is the
best possible method by which we can carry
this bill into operation. 1 want also to say
that, so far as the southern States are con-
cerned, the report of the Commissioner of
Education, which I hold in ray hand, contains
extracts from the reports of the superintend-
ents of education of the various Statis. The
superintendent of Georgia saya:
"All the primary education must he supplied by
the free schools, and then private schools of a higher
grade will prosper. The people are hungry for school
privileges and a system that shall supply school
facilities at the most economical rate?-. They look
abroad and see the magnificent results of such a
system, and desire to move to the front of modern
civilization and participate in the use of this great-
est engine for human progress known to any time.
It is simply aauestion whether the masses shall bo
enlightened or not. They cannot be, except with a
common-school system. Look at the statistics of
the past. We find that only 94,687 white ehildien
attended schools of any kind in 1860, out of a scholas-
tic population Of 236,454, (white,)and the number of
adult narivo white persons who could not read or
write was 45,199, out of an adult, native white popu-
lation of 251,575, o.r almost eighteen per cent., as
reported in the census returns, and tho beststatis-
tieiaiis add thirty per cent, to these returns to show
the real truth. The census returns of 1870 will doubt-
less show a stilll-irger percentage of ll lite racy. What
may be expected when the returns in the Commis-
sioners' ofliee show that there Were only 325 white
children in school during the last year in-Baldwin
county, out of a scholastic population (wlpfe) of 948;
in Brooks county, only 60 out of 745; in Columbia,
only 263 out of 632; in Ilabcrsha.ni, only 769 out of
1,709; in Liberty, only 275 out of 860; in Lowndes,
only 351 out of 1.534; in Talbot. only6t5 out of 1,702;
in Taylor, only 318 out of 1,362; in Worth, only 109
out of 931? It is futile to think it can be remedied
by a private-school system; it has been tried in
Georgia a hundred years."
The superintendent of education for the
State of South Carolina says;
" The great want, the urgent need of South Caro-
lina, is a general, universal system of free common
schools."
In the report from Tennessee, I find the fol-
lowing :
" A conviction of the importance of free schools
seems to bo growing in the State. A prominent
newspaper has published statistics, which it recom-
mends to the consideration of those opposed to tax-
ation for schools, showing that ' there are fioin .sev-
enty-five to eighty thousand children in tho State
growingup in ignorance; that there are nearly twice
as manyliquoi-i-bops asthewholenumberof schools,
academies, and colleges, and that there is spent
forty-three times as much for liquors as for educa-
tional purposes.' And ex-Governor Brown, in his
address bol'oro the State Teachers' Association, made
the statement that 'according to the last report
of the penitentiary, out of five hundred and fifty-
one convicts, four hundred and ninety-nine could
neither read nor write, and of the whole number
fifty-one only had trades."'
Now, if we distribute $2,000,000, as there
will be for distribution, or nearly that sum,
Tennessee would receive about sixty thousand
dollars, or about seven hundred dollars for
every county. If there is but one school iu
any counly that school will receive the whole
$700. And when it shall be seen that that
school gets $700, every adjoining district in
the county will be eager to establish a free
school in order to get a portion of that. $700;
and under this system counties and districts
would rapidly establish free schools, and ex-
tend their benefits to every part of the State.
1 have referred to Tennessee merely for illus-
tration. Similar advantages would accrue to
every other State where the free-school sys-
tem has never been introduced, or has not yet
gained a permanent foothold. California, Iowa,
Illinois, Minnesota, Wisconsin, as well as Mas-
sachusetts and Connecticut; in fact, the whole
galaxy of States, conspicuous for their atten-
tion to the education of their youth, accom-
plished the establishment of free schools by
similar encouragement.
It is no novel plan. It has been tried and
found efficient, and its heneficent results
justify us in attempting the same remedy for
the removal of the indifference of many States
to the proper education of their people.
If in order, Mr. Speaker, or when i*n order,
I desire to move the following amendment:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill
and insert as follows;
That the net proceeds arising from the sale, entry,
