4380
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
afford in self-respect to ourselves as members
of this body that this Chamber should force
this upon us under the circumstances and with
our persistent protest.
Senators will remember that on the 29th of
April the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scott] introduced a proposition to limit
debate to five minutes upon appropriation bills
whenever such a restriction should be adopted
by a majority, on being moved by any member.
There was then no qualification of that rule
by requiring amendments to be germane to the
original bill. There was a great contest over
it. We were a whole day in determining what
we should do. The honorable Senator from
Illinois, the honorable Senator from Ohio, the
honorable Senator from California, all op-
posed the resolution, and we continued the
contest until at last a proposition was intro-
duced as amendatox-y to it that we should
agree to the rule provided no legislation
should be appended to any of the appropria-
tion bills. It was as well understood in that
discussion that that was to be the result of our
deliberations in moving that amendment as
oue thing could be understood by an intelli-
gent man from another.
I remember well that the honorable Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] gave to us his
assistance in securing that qualification to the
original proposition, and that he concurred
with the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Tiium-
buix,] and m consonance with the remarks I
then had the honor of submitting on that occa-
sion in opposition to a limitation of debate,
except with a rule of this ltind, securing the
appropriation bills against such kind of legis-
lation. Now, why should we depart from that
understanding V Why should the honorable
members on the other side of the Chamber un-
dertake to say that wo conceived no such thing
in the long debate and contest that we had
upon l ho original proposition of the Senator
from Pennsylvania. The honorable Senator
from Vermont, enforced the necessity of adopt-
ing such a rule as this by going back some two
years and undertaking to show that then he
was the original mover of a proposition of the
kind, and Gs objection to the amendment pro-
posed by my colleague was that it was not
sufficiently literal in its character, but that ad-
vantage might be taken of it while general
provisions of legislation could not be received
under it, and yet provisions of a local character
might. I will just rend a paragraph or two
from that honorable Senator's speech upon
that occasion to show the spirit which animated
him in securing the adoption of that amend-
ment to the resolution of the Senator from
Pennsylvania:
"J do not iiso to mako any roply; wo havo had
debate enough tor my purpose to-day, Lhout*h I atu
very Klad Ui.it it h.w takuu plaoo. X nao only towiy
a word in reformjoo to harmonizing tho views of my
lHcmi t'rom Illinois and my own on tho subjoot of
keeping legislation trorn appropriation bills."
The honorable Senator from Illinois, who, I
think, understands the force of language, de-
sired, as his previous speeches show, the same
result—the prevention of legislation from
being attached to appropriation bills. The
ability of the Senator from Vermont, who is
an expert in the use of language, and under-
stands the force and meaning of an amend-
ment, and the purposes of language in an
amendment as well as any member, if not
better than any member upon Ibis lloor, was
uniting at the time with the honorable Senator
from Illinois in securing that great object—the
prevention of legislation on appropriation bills.
II that were the object of those two honor-
able Senators, in which we all concurred on
this side of the Chamber, how does it come,
after having adopted the amendment intro-
duced by the Senator from Illinois, supervised
by the Senator from Vermont, and concurred
in by members on this side of the Chamber to
prevent legislation from being attached to
appropriation bills, that it is here attempted
to-night to do that very thing. Is it legislation?
For that brings us to the simple question. If
that was the object of this resolution, in which
we all concurred, to prevent legislation upon
this and other appropriation bills, I appeal to
honorable Senators, and I appeal to the Chair
to know, as the Chair was fully competent to
know, whether the proposed amendment was
legislation or not?
If we all united here in trying to come to
that one great result, is it not singular now
to see honorable gentlemen on the other side
of the Chamber undertaking to force upon
this body and upon us at this hour of the morn-
ing legislation, and legislation of the gravest
character, by means of the appropriation bill?
When I say legislation of the gravest character,
let me ask what kind of legislation is it? It
provides for no appropriation of money ? The
fact that it is attached to an appropriation of
money is a mere pretext. It is legislation, and
it is legislation for the future. It provides for
the amendment of an important law in an im-
portant part of that law ; and you might as
well strike out every word after the enacting
clause and incorporate an entirely new pro-
vision as to alter any part of that law.
Will honorable Senators say here that they
have the right, and will they undertake to
force upon the minority in this Chamber that
they have the right here to-night to strike out
every word after the enacting clause in the
bill because there is an appropriation made to
pay the officers named in it and for the pay-
ment of proceedings under it, to enact an en-
tirely new law on the subject? If you can do
that, you can do this ; and if you can do this,
you can do that. There is no difference be-
tween them. It is a new law. By striking out
the fourth clause in that law you undertake to
incorporate in that legislation the whole coun-
try, though it was then confined to a few States.
You apply its provisions to all our people.
You change the mode of appointment. You
provide for additional supervision of elections,
and without number provide tor new officers.
And is not that legislation—not independent
legislation? Why, can it be possible? When
i saw the honorable Senator from Louisiana
offer his amendment, when I heard it, I looked
upon it rather as a joke than a reality, and I
was amazed, nay, I was shocked—amazement
is not the word—I was shocked when I heard
the Presiding Otlicer at the time in the chair
announce that it was in order.
Now, I do not understand what legislation is
if I am in error here. 1 do not either under-
stand its letter, its words, its terms, if I am in
error here. I can understand some things;
but the idea that in the face of this resolution,
matured with the care and caution with which
il wis matured by the labors of the honorable
Senator from Vermont and other Senators
upon the other side of the Chamber, not ob-
jected to by the honorable Senator from New
York, [Mr. Conkling,] who voted against it,
it is true, but while voting against the amend-
ment he affirmed that the principle was right,
but that he did not desire to append it to that
particular proposition at the time ; in the face
of that amendment, I say, matured in the spirit
it was, we should have before us legislation
that is to operate on the masses of the people,
a radical change of an entire law, is something
I did not comprehend or understand.
Why, Mr. President, what are we coming
to? 1 see before me the honorable Senator
from New York, [Mr. Conkling.] Iremember
the interest that he has taken in the steamboat
bill. That bill was passed, as he said, under
peculiar circumstances. I listeued to his able
argument against it. It is a bill I apprehend
that he will admit is for legislation and for
legislation alone. If this be in order, that
would be in order also ; and the honorable
Senator from New York who exhausted the
other night the time that was then allowed to
the consideration of that measure by his able
speech in showing up its vices, its faults,
and its abuses, can have a chance upon this
bill to complete the argument he then com-
menced.
I will just refer to this bill to show how
nicely that can be attached as an amendment
just in the very same words, and I will read
both clauses to show how nearly alike the
provisions are to which they can both bo
attached as amendments. Under the head of
"supervising inspectors of steam vessels,'
then, you have "supervising inspectors," too,
as well as supervising inspectors in the elec-
tion law; and I war.i the attention of the Sen-
ator from New York, who is persisting at this
early period of the morning- in maintaining
that the proposed amendment is not objection-
able to the rule. Here is the clause in the bill:
For carrying out the provisions of the act for
th<? better protection of the lives of passengers on
vessels propelled in whole oc in part by steam, and
of tho acts amendatory thereof, tho ftnlowing sums,
namely, &c.
Now, is not the steamboat bill in order?
Let me turn now to the provision in the bill
to which it is proposed to attach this proposed
amendment, under the judiciary clause, and it
is—
For the oxpenses which may bo incurred in tho
enforcement of the act of February 28, 1871, or
any acts amendatory thereof or supplementary
thereto, &c.
So that in both provisions in this bill we find
almost the very same words, and if the pro-
posed amendment is legitimate and germane
and can be offered as an amendment, the other,
commonly called the steamboat bill, can be
also. And now I appeal to honorable Sen-
ators on the other side of the Chamber, and I
appeal to the honorable Senator from New
York whether he could for an instant of time
justify the offering of the steamboat bill, as it
is commonly called, as an amendment to this
bill. It would be a wrong in legislation that
conscience could not justify. It would be a
wrong upon the spirit and letter of our rule
that we as honorable men could not justify.
Now, desiring to be fair and just to all men,
ascribing to our friends on the other side of
the Chamber the same degree of partisan
spirit that I myself have, and no more, they
having that spirit in common with myself, I
do not think, appealing to them, that I ever
could be induced by any behest of party to
violate a rule so plaiu, so simple, so strong as
this.
Mr. President, I apprehend there is no diffi-
culty in speaking on this question. In the
language of the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana 1 suppose it is decreed that this measure
is to pass at some time. It may be so. It is
the progeny, it may be_, of an arrangement.
The motion now pending is to indefinitely
postpone this bill. I will vote to postpone it
indefinitely with this proposed amendment
upon it. I would see the bill buried rather
than it should pass this body with that pro-
vision in it. I do not think the bill of para-
mount importance, but if the Government
cannot do without the appropriation in il, then
the President can convene -Congress to pro-
vide for the wants of the Government—not
to trifle with them by such attempted vicious
legislation as this. This bill was an appro-
priation bill to supply the wants of Govern-
ment, and it should pass as such. Then I do
not think failure to pass it will require an extra
session of Congress, all the more pressing and
important appropriation bills having already
become laws ; but with the Administration let
the responsibility of an extra session rest.
Sir, the last thing that the Administration
desires is an extra session of this Congress.
I think now, just fresh as it is from the Phila-
delphia convention, it would be impolitic if
n<ft fatal for it to have an extra session. 1 am
inclined to believe that it would sooner see
buried in this Capitol all the three kindred
measures they have forced through this body
tha,n have an extra session to pass either. An
extra session has no alarms for me. The more
extra sessions, the more such kind of le^s-
