798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
and religion were necessary to good govern-
ment, therefore schools should be forever en
'couraged, Then, when your Government was
begun, you began instantly, at the very birth-
day of the first State born into your Union,
to make by Federal law ircepealable cove-
nants with the States that one thirty-sixth part
of all the public lands should be held for-
ever in trust for schools. You provided not
merely by law, but by treaty also with the
States, they should be for the support of the
public schools of the States. That you did in
all the acts of Congress by which the several
States of the Northwest were admitted into the
Union, every one of them. I know the word
"public" was not used in the acts of Con-
gress ; but such, sir, was the interpretation of
these acts, as you will find stated in Chancellor
Kent.
Under such terms in these laws Ohio got a
domain equal to one thirty-sixth part of all
the public lauds in her borders. To Indiana
was given the same, to Illinois the same, and
Michigan the same, and every State of the
Norihwest the same. Every one of them was
to forever consecrate this section sixteen, not
to colleges, not to seminaries, but to public
schools. Was this requirement thus made on
Ohio to keep public schools in Ohio uncon
Stitutional? Was that an infraction of the
Constitution, Mr. Speaker? It did then indi-
cate the kind of school which might have the
proceeds of the public lands. Were Ohio's
and Indiana's and lllinois's, and Michigan's
rights as Slates to decide whether they would
have public schools invaded by these acts
admitting them to this Union, and after
admitting them requiring them to forever con-
tinue to ufe these lands lor common schools
and not for colleges?
But, Mr. Speaker, that is not all. Let me
turn the attention of the House for just a sin-
gle moment to some other authority wo have
on tins subject. In the act of ad of March,
180!!, by which Ohio received u certain town-
ship of public lands near to the residence of
my colleague who hits to my left; in that grant,
and it entered into the first act passed by Con-
gress, introducing my own State into the
Federal Umou ; by that act it is required that
township should bo dedicated not to public
schools, but Congress indicated the kind of
schools—it must be to a seminary of learning,
i quotu the words ; and that act has been eon-
atrued and held, aud every ouo like it for every
Slate in the Northwest (tor they all have had
the same law parsed in their favor)—the law
has always been held to require notacomtnon
School, but an "academy" or "seminary of
learning," or as tho Supreme Court calls it
in Vmecnties University us. Indiana "schools
for classical education." So Congress did pre-
scribe in every one of these that fundamental
condition, the kind of school to which the
futid arising from these public lands should be
devoted.
And who ever doubted the constitutional-
ity of these grand pioneer enactments of the
American Congress which introduced into
this Union twenty four States there of whore
live 18,000,000 souls ? He will need to be
strong indeed in nerve who shall nowand here
and la the presence of this long and most
illustrious hue of precedents, running as they
do ihroughall the golden days of the Republic
and through the dnys of aii parties, Democrat
and alt other, and shall question the constitu-
tionality of these laws. There were two prin-
ciples running through all these laws —one
was that certain lands shall be used for public
schools, and that this is both beneficent and
constitutional, fhe other, that certain other
lauds shall be used for classical schools. And
this, too, is beneficent and constitutional. The
constitutional propriety of that has stood un-
questioned for near a century. And, sir, the
Democratic party had made itself honored by
again and again passing bills, in which they
make these identical requirements that within
the States these lands of the United States
shall be dedicated part to common aud part
to classical schools. In the case of Iowa the
Congress used different words in the language
dedicating to colleges her lands. There they
gave two townships of land, not for an academy,
but there "for the purpose of establishing a
"university.'" My friend [Mr. Conger] says
it was the same word "university" used in the
Michigan act.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if there is anything cer-
tain at all, it is settled by these authorities, of
the right, under the Constitution, of Congress,
first, to vote public lands to common schools ;
second, to colleges; and third, the right of
Congress to make the enjoyment by any State
of the Federal gift of any part of the public
land to be dependent upon the States estab-
lishing such kind of school as the Congress
dtftigns to encourage. Now, sir, I take the
next step. In 1862 we passed an act which,
if any gentleman will rise and tell me has ever
been questioned as to its constitutionality, I
will yield the floor for that purpose, because
if it has it is not known to me. I allude to
the act we passed during the dark and terrible
time of the war in 1862.
Mr. Speaker, I like some of these reminis
cences of that sad epoch. Then, when our
night was darkest, we passed the Pacific rail-
road bill, and made an iron way which con-
nects us now not only with the Pacific, but
with the East far away, and which to-day sends
the treasures ot the Indies and all that Bast
across your continent. It is the grandest
mere physical achievement which was ever
undertaken upon this continent; and that
was undertaken, too, in the very darkest hour
of tho nation's peril. For a third of a century
we debated the huge question whether the
work were a physical possibility, aud if it were,
then whether it were a financial possibility;
but in that third of a century of debate the
nation did not screw up its courage to that
sublime height that made it dare the achieve-
ment. Well I remember the afternoon when
right here we embodied into the forms of law
the nation's unfaltering faith in its own destiny
and its high resolve, and when we made the
law that made the Pacific railroad, and com-
pleted it in eight years from the day we made
the law.
So, sir, with regard to another measure that
I now allude to—that law by which we appro-
priated millions of acres of the public lands
to the establishment of colleges for the educa-
tion of the mechanics and agriculturists of the
Republic. We passed that measure, too. of
supreme beneficouce when it was very dark
about us, and it has gone into operation, and
my own State is this day erecting a school on
a grand foundation, which I have no doubt will
be a fountain of blessings to that State in all
coming time. In that law we provided every
element which is to be found in this bill so far
as relates to the assertion of the right in Con-
gress to indicate the kind of a school that shall
be the recipient of the Federal bounty.
We stated that it should bo a college or an
academy, not a common school. We stated,
as you will find it in section four, that the
classics should not be excluded from the
school. We stated also that the main design
should be the teaching of science, aud subjects
kindred to mechanics and agriculture; and
yet the constitutionality of that law I have
never heard questioned. It could have been
questioned. livery certificate of public land
issued under the provisions of the act, if the
a.ot was unconstitutional, might have been ques-
tioned in the courts. Who has ever done it?
Sir, that act, if unconstitutional, vindicates
every part and particle of this one.
But,^ sir, 1 go still on. The validity of these
laws, in which Congress has undertaken to
provide that the States shall apply the lands
they accept from Congress to the support of
such description of schools as Congress shall
designate, has scores of times been affirmed
and recognized in every supreme court of the
Slates receiving these lands, and also in the
Supreme Court of the United States. I might
point the House to the case of Vincennes
University vs. Indiana, in 14 Howard's Reports,
where the Supreme Court of the UnitedStat.es
all through the decision assume, take for
granted, and enforce as valid an act by which
Congress required the State of Indiana to
apply certain three townships of land to the
purposes of classical education; but, sir, my
time expires. The pending bill is constitu-
tional; and, by all our legislative history, I
declare this dedication of this mighty estate
of the nation to the education of the nation's
children to be worthy of the stupendous gift
we make. Write, sir, upon the public domain
of this nation, and cut into the granite of all
its mountains, by the words of this irrevocable
law, the words of the immortal Ordinance of
1787, that "education, morality, and religion
are essential to all good governments, and
that schools shall be forever encouraged,"
and you will have made in the legislative his-
tory of the Republic one of its most illustrious
chapters.
Mr. McINTYRE obtained the floor, and
yielded fifteen minutes to Mr. Biggs.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, in rising to ad-
dress tho House on the present occasion, I do
it under some degree of embarrassment. The
gentleman from the State of Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Towssbnd,] who addressed the House
in support of this bill, saw proper to make an
attack upon the institutions of my State, and
to hold up before this House and the country
the illiteracy of the State of Delaware. Sir,
let me say to that honorable gentleman that I
wondered at first why he objected to the insti-
tutions of my State, but when I remembered
that ho lived very near the line of the State of
Delaware, I no longer was in doubt that he,
and those who practice the principles which
he holds politically, are afraid of the State of
Delaware, and particularly of her whipping-
post. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, I shall first address my-
self to the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] who, in his speech the"
other day, stated that there were over eight
thousand white persons in the State of Dela-
ware who could not read or write. I do
not call in question the fact, if it be one, but
will give him the benefit of it. I desire, how-
ever, to call the attention of the honorable
gentleman to the further fact that there is
no State in this Union to-day that has a better
free school system than the State of Delaware.
She has an invested fund which enables
her people to carry on free schools for at least
six months in the year, and by voluntary taxa-
tion they may keep the schools in operation
during the balance of the year. Therefore,
if the people in the State of Delaware are
illiterate it is no fault of the law. It is no fault
of the educational system of the State if par-
ents or guardians will not avail themselves of
the opportunities for the education of their
children thus afforded.
Mr. HOAll. Will the gentleman from Del-
aware permit me to asii him a question?
Mr. BIGGS. I will yield to the gentleman
when I get a little further on, because I shall
then feel disposed to propound a question to
him, and will yield for him to answer. When
listening to the gentleman I was forciblystruck
with the great amount of pretended piety and
intellectuality ofthe State which hein part rep-
resents. And, sir, 1 was curious to ascertain 
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BIGGS. Not just now. My time is lim-
ted, and I mustfirst address myself to thatgreat
State of Massachusetts. I was about to say,
sir, that after the gentleman's statements I
was a little curious to inquire into the history
of -Massachusetts. And what do you suppose,
sir, I found?
I find, sir, according to the State constable's
