2590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
. Mr. HOLMAN rose.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I yield to the
gentleman from the District of Columbia,
[Mr. Chipmak.]
Mr. CH1PMAN. I would willingly give
way to some gentleman who desired to speak
against this bill; but I think it desirable that
some facts should be known in regard to our
fire department, the knowledge of which, I
believe, will obviate any further discussion.
We have here, sir, in this District of Colum-
bia five steam engines and two trucks. Our
fire department was organized in 1664. We
have strengthened it year after year as we
have been able out of the means raised by
taxation. The value of the property owned
by the fire department at present is $150,000.
The present cost of maintaining it per annum
is $70,000. Now, sir, we need two more
engines. It is not proposed in this bill that
Congress shall assist in the purchase of those
engines. It is the wish of the District gov-
ernment to strengthen this department as far
and as rapidly as possible ; but the matter of
maintaining the department we think in part
should devolve upon Congress.
We have, I believe, fewer engines than any
city of the same population. Toledo, which
has not half our population, has seven engines
and two tracks ; Providence, Rhode Island,
has nine engines and three tracks ; Albany
has six engines and two trucks.
Now, from 1861 to 1869 the United States
maintained a fire department in this District,
known as the fire brigade, and paid the ex-
pense of that department from the funds of
the Government. The expenses of that de-
partment were over thirty thousand dollars
per annum. But in I860 the Government
removed the engines from the District and
sent them to various forts throughout the Uni-
ted States, and the Government was thence-
forth left without any protection to its build-
ings.
As a matter of principle and right our fire
department would not be called upon to defend
the Government property if the individual
property of our citizens was imperiled at the
same moment. But we recognize our obliga-
tion to the General Government, and will
always discharge it, and I believe our fire de-
partment, acting upon a high sense of duty,
would leave a fire burning the property of a
private citizen and go to the rescue of the
property of the General Government, because
the interests of the General Government are
always to be preferred. But we ought not to
be put in this position, and the Government
owes itself the duty of removing this state of
things and placing our fire companies under
greater than merely moral obligations, and the
Government should do something that would
give it the legal right to protection.
Now, let me state one or two instances which
will afford a good illustration of the use of our
fire department to Government property.
In the spring of last year a very large fire
occurred at the arsenal, and there were mil-
lions of property imperiled in that fire, and
several thousand dollars' worth destroyed. Our
fire department worked for two days and two
nights with every engine. If a fire had oc-
curred in any ot her part of the city there would
have been no remedy. In that fire the wear
and tear of hose and machinery, which had to
be paid for by the District of Columbia, cost
about two thousand dollars. General Dyer
wrote a letter at that time, speaking in the
highest terms of our fire department, and rec-
ommending that something be done to protect
the Government property, without relying
wholly on our fire department.
Again, a fire broke out in the Paymaster
General's department, which might have con-
sumed all the records in that building but for
the promptness of our firemen.
Still again, all the records in the State De-
partment were exposed to lire last fall. It
attracted so much attention in Congress that
a resolution of inquiry was adopted and re
ferred to the President of the United States,
who called upon the Secretary of State to
make a report as to what ought to be done.
The Secretary of State made a report on the
subject, and on page S of the message of the
President, in answer to the resolution of the
House, the Secretary says :
''Itwould be very desirable if Congress could au-
thorize the purchase of a powerful steam fire-engine,
to be placed in the neighborhood of this building,
and tho organization and maintenance of a com-
pany to man and equip it. It would be used in
case of fire in any part of this section oi the town,
and the cost would be insignificant in comparison to
the value of public property exposed to risk."
That was the recommendation of your Sec-
retary of State in regard to one building, and
there are many other Departments in equal
peril.
Now, just look about the city. Gentlemen
say that Government property is protected by
fire-proof buildings. That is not true. Nearly
all the bureaus' of the War Department, the
commissary department, the quartermaster's
department, the bureau of the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office, containing valuable records accu-
mulated during the war, one of the Auditor's
offices, whose duty it is to examine the ac-
counts of that Department, are all not only in
buildings which are not only not fire-proof,
but in buildings which J may call mere tinder-
boxes. As to the Seaton House, constituting
now, I believe, the Pension Office itself, all
tho records connected with matters of pensions
are exposed in a building which is not fire-
proof, and it is not pertinent to say that that
is owing to a mistake on the part of the Sec-
retary of the Interior in placing the records
there. He found it necessary to do so. And
so you may go about the whole city, to the
Public Printing Office, to some of (he bureaus
connected with the Treasury Department, your
arsenals, the Agricultural Department, and
many other departments that might be men-
tioned here which are in the same position.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it costs $5,000 to pur-
chase a steam-engine ; it costs $15,000 to
build and equip a house for it, and purchase a
lot for its occupancy ; $20,000 therefore is the
cost of an engine. It costs $10,000 a year to
maintain an engine; so that my estimate as
to the cost, of $70,000 for seven engines was
correct. This bill proposes tolimitthe appro-
priation to provide for an appropriation equiv-
alent to one third of the cost of maintaining
our fire department, providing that the sum
shall not exceed in any one year §25,000.
I had the pleasure, Mr. Speaker, of going
before the Committee on Appropriations for
the purpose of arguing the necessity of an
appropriation of this amount, or a larger one,
in the miscellaneous appropriation bill; and I
believe I do not misinterpret the reception
they gave me when I say the committee re-
garded this as a matter of very great import-
ance, and it was at their suggestion I intro-
duced this bill and had it referred to the Com-
mittee for the.District of Columbia. While
no member of the Committee on Appropria-
tions has spoken to-day, I know that all who
were present when I addressed them felt the
necessity of doing something for the file de-
partment.
The forty or fifty million dollars which is
estimated as the Government property is the
value of the buildings and not of l-eal estate.
You do not value your real estate here at any-
thing. It was a gift originally, and it has no
value except, such as might be placed on it if
the Government should remove to some other
point; but the improvements alone amount to
more than one third of the whole real estate
of the city, and therefore I think that asking
one third is not asking too much. If I may
be indulged a moment more, I will say that I
have here an estimate showing that our fire
department is economically managed in com-
parison with those of Baltimore, St. Louis,
Boston, Chicago, Cincinnati, and New York.
I ask the Clerk to read that estimate.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office Chief Ensineer Fire Department,
Washington', D. C., Ajjril 18,1872.
Sir: The following statement of expenses, Ac.,
of the various departments is the only exhibit that
I can furnish you at this time :
Number A.„,,,.ni Average
Localities. of com- , cost of each
paniev. ' company.
Baltimore  9 $92,700 $10,300
St. Louis  12 150,000 12,500
Boston  12 160.000 13.333
Chicago  16 245,500 15,343
Cincinnati  18 253,803 11,100
New York  53 1,000,000 18,867
District of Columbia... 6 70,000 11,660
The present annual cost of the above departments
will compare very nearly with the averages herein
given.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
. MARTIN CRONIN,
Chief Engineer District of Columbia.
Fire Department,
Hon. N. P. Chipman, House of Representatives.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I might say much as to
the efficiency of the Washington fire depart-
ment. It will compare favorably in this regard
with any in the country. But I trust I need
say no more, and hope the bill will pass.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I now yield to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore] for
a few minutes.
Mr. MOORE. I do not rise for the purpose
of speaking upon the merits of this bill, but
for the purpose of correcting a statement made
by my colleague [Mr. Farnsworth] in refer-
ence to the removal from the Patent Office
building of the papers connected with the
Pension Bureau. It certainly is known by
every gentleman here that so great has been
the increase of business in the Patent Office
that it has demanded and now demands and
requires nearly the entire capacity of that
building for the business of that office. And
year after year the business of the Pension
Bureau has of necessity been crowded out of
that building.
It is not correct that the papers of the Pen-
sion Bureau were in the Patent Office build-
ing last year; but, on the contrary, they wore
in three different buildings in the vicinity.
And I have taken especial pains to inquire in
reference to the charac;er of the building now
occupied for that purpose, as compared with
the buildings in which tbey were formerly
kept. This building was altogether the very
best that could be obtained by the Govern-
ment for the purpose, and the papers are all
now m that building except a few that are in
the Patent Office building; and after the most
diligent examination of the buildings that
could have been obtained for the purpose I
have become satisfied that this was altogether
the best; indeed, it seemed to be almost the
only one that could be obtained. I feel that
those papers are still in an unsafe place; but
the Department is not responsible for that.
We need more public buildings here for the
accommodation of the departments of the
Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Can my colleague,
[Mr. Mooiie] inform me how much rent the
Government pays for that old building, and
how much it cost to put it in order to receive
these papers ?
Mr. MOORE. I believe the amount of
rent paid is $10,000 ; and that was the least for
which they could get any building at all fitted
for the purposes of tho Pension Bureau.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I now yield to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Ei,d
rtcdge,] my colleague upon the committee.
Mr. ELDREDGE. 1 desire to saybuta few
words. On behalf of myself I want to say to
the House that I cannot appreciate the argu-
ment used by gentlemen who oppose this bill,
an argument that is based upon the fact
that the property of the United States in this
