4382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
lieve this is in order ; but still the question is
to be decided, and it will be decided in time
unless you abandon the project now sought to
be forced upon as. Lay this amendment on
the table and go to work, and we will pass
the appropriation bill at once. The sixteen
Democrats here will remain. They will be
faithful to their duty and their trust, and they
will pass the appropriation bill at once and
give President Grant relief, for he wants it,
from the presence of this Congress, in my
judgment. I do not.undertake to reflect upon
Congress in saying that President Grant wants
to be relieved from it. I care not what bill is
passed or not passed ; he is not, I am inclined
to believe, going to have us here Tuesday next.
That is my judgment. He will be only too
glad to be relieved from the responsibilities
, of this body any longer, and to be free before
the people on his own intrinsic merits, what-
ever they may be. He has an opinion of him-
self, and that by no means a small one ; and
I feel satisfied that after Monday our absence
will be more agreeable than our presence to
him.
I saw my honorable friend who now occupies
the chair [Mr. Pomeroy] in consultation this
evening with a distinguished gentleman of
color. [Laughter.] I do not know what is
going on ; but I noticed that my honorable
friend took pains when lie did consult with one
of our colored friends that there should be no
dubiety about either the race or color.
But Senators will understand that I have
nothing whatever against that Senator for this
exhibition of taste or feeling, and in saying this
I do not wish to be understood as reflecting at
all upon that gentleman of color, because I
think as much of those people in their place as
any one can. _ 1 was raised with them and among
them, and Ilike them as a race and in their place
as a race. I would not have them to forget or be
ashamed of their race or color. I would not,
• extinguish either if I could, nor would I have
them do it. No one will go farther nor do
more for them than myself; but when you
propose to consign Government to them, to
attempt to force social equality upon either
race, and thus do a wrong to both races, 1 beg,
for one, to be excused. 1 will protect them in
all of their just rights. Asa Senator repre-
senting so large a portion of it, they shall
have all the protection they arc entitled to
under the Constitution, as they already have
what they are entitled to in my State. The
State of Maryland is preeminent in this re-
spect. There is not heard a single word of
complaint from its action toward those people.
We have from thirty to forty thousand colored
voters in that State. They vote, and they vote
almost universally the Republican ticket.
When you see a gentleman of African descent
approaching the ballot-box, you can almost
depend upou it that, he has a dangerous ballot
in his hand for the Democracy. [Laughter.]
We have got to poll from thirty to forty thou-
sand white men in that small State before we
can come to face white men. We can do that
and as against all can secure the State to any-
body that the Baltimore convention may say,
for I abide by its decision. - [Laughter.J
I have great confidence in the deliberations
and the results of the Baltimore convention.
These are the kind of measures, these are the
displays of passion and of excitement that will
tend to make that convention consider if pos-
sible more wisely and deliberately its final
action. _ It will understand the dire necessity
of so doing. The passage of such measures as
this and the spirit manifested here will secure
that body of three million freemen repre-
sented in that convention in such a phalanx—
I will not talk about the old Macedonian
phalanx, I will only go back to the days of
Jackson—in such a phalanx as in the days of
Jackson the Democracy never surpassed. In
those good old days of Jacksouian Democracy
nearly one half of the honorable Senators on
the other side of this Chamber were Demo-
crats. Why, sir, we could organize a Demo
cratic majority here to-night in this Chamber
and have none of the difficulties we are now
encountering if we would only go back to the
inspiration of those days.
Mr. STEWART. Are there enough to
organize a Greeley party? [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. No, sir, a
Democratic party, a Democratic Conserva-
tive party, and that Democratic party to be
wielded by the Baltimore convention, and it
will in my judgment be wielded by the Balti-
more convention, and its action will be signifi-
cant and overwhelming it is to be hoped. The
one hundred and thirty-nine electoral votes of
the South with the electoral votes of the great
States of New York and Pennsylvania secure
the President.
Mr. STEWART. Let me inquire of the
Senator, does he contend that the Democratic
nomination is not already made?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Of course
it is npt' made. It is to be made in Baltimore.
We meet there for nomination or consultation
or almost anything, [laughter,] to secure
the one grand result. It is going to be a grand
camp-meeting of Democrats to divine the best
means to beat the Republican party, and with
the one hundred and thirty-nine electoral
votes of the South and the States of Pennsyl
vania and New York we will do it. I rather
think my honorable friend from New York
will concede that State to the Democratic
party this fall.
Mr. CONKLING. That depends upon
whether the party supports Greeley or Wood
hull. [Laughter.] Both are running now.
and I do not know which they intend to adopt
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That is
impossible to tell exactly. [Laughter.] A
gentleman inquired of me the other day who
was _my preference for Vice President, the
President of this body or the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who
has just been-nominated. I replied to him "I
do not know; I will wait for the Baltimore
convention."
But the Senator speaks of Mrs. Woodhull.
Who is Mrs. Woodhull? You have a plank
in your platform for her and her people. I
think that one makes the fourteenth plank in
your platform. You do not precisely say that
she may aspire to the Presidency, or that she
shall have any office specially, but in very lofty
and comprehensive language you say that they
(the ladies) "are entitled to respectful consid-
eration."
Mr. CONKLING. That women are ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mrs.
Woodhull, of course, among them.
Mr. CONKLING. Do you not think that
women are entitled to respectful considera-
tion ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. At the
hands of the Republican party? Yes, sir ;
I do.
Mr. CONKLING. Are they not even at
the hands of the Democratic party?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. We do
not intend, I take it for granted, to announce
that in our platform.
Mr. CONKLING. But I inquire the opin-
ion of my honorable friend whether women
are not entitled to respectful consideration?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. As an
individual I have great respect for the ladies,
and as all Democrats no doubt have, but we
do not think it incumbent on the Democratic
party to declare their respect for them. I do
not think the Democratic party will feel it to be
their duty in the Baltimore convention to con-
struct a plank in their platform for the ladies,
even to the expression of a respectful consid-
eration for them. A respectful consideration
they are at all times entitled to without the
hollow affirmance of it in a party platform.
But, sir, must not these women have some
influence? Talk about Mrs. Woodhull I I
should like to hear.her opinion about that
plank in the Republican platform. It has a
meaning, though double it may be. Just wait
until the next presidential election; but just
now we have a gentleman who desires to be
President, and another most anxious to be
Vice President. We will consider most prayer-
fully your case, give to it respectful consider-
ation, just as we do the case of our African
brother, and in four years there is no tell-
ing what may not happen. I do not profess
to understand it. I glanced it over in read-
ing it, but did not give itthe consideration per-
haps to which it is entitled. If the Repub-
lican party thought proper in convention to
gratify the ladies in an expression of con-
sideration for them, I am not here to object to
it. If they deemed it proper to announce to
all the world that the ladies were entitled to
respectful consideration, so be it; I hope the
world will give them credit for their taste and
for their gallantry.
The Democratic party will have enough to
do in their important deliberations in the con-
vention in securing a candidate and in main-
taining a policy without paying too much at-
tention to the ladies on that occasion. The
Democratic party first; its organization, its
candidates, and its plan of campaign, and all
besides will be cared for.
_ Mr. STEWART. I thought you had a can-
didate.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. No, sir;
we shall have one in time. My honorable
friend from Nevada need not be alarmed about
that. We have never been without a candi-
date yet; sometimes not so good and some-
times very good: but we always had a candi-
date, and have about three million of voters,
and we shall have them, and it may be more;
and auxiliaries besides, Mr. President—aux-
iliaries on this floor, auxiliaries in New York,
auxiliaries in Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania the
battle-ground. As Pennsylvania goes, so I
believe the Union will go. The phalanx of
States South will vote with the Democratic
party just as naturally as the Potomac is flow-
ing by you if they are allowed to vote at all.
How with Pennsylvania and New York? I ask
our Republican friends what of the prospect?
The honorable Senator from New York rather
gave way under ray very pointed question that
he conceded the State of New York to the
Democracy. True, he did notanswerthe ques-
tion ; but he was significantly silent, I take it.
New York is safe, Pennsylvania is the battle-
ground, and we all know there is trouble in
Pennsylvania. Somehow or other the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cam-
eron,] is not yet back from the scene of labor
at Philadelphia. There is trouble all over this
great State. No doubt the old chieftain of the
party there feels trouble all over it, and a little
trouble in Pennsylvania is enough to save the
State. It does not require much in Pennsyl-
vania to save it, and so my honorable friends
on the other side of the Chamber will see that
there is danger lurking everywhere, and they
fear it, too I
But, sir, my honorable friend from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] desired that we should close
this debate, and heproposes, whenever a gen-
tleman yields the floor for any purpose, that,
he shall yield it entirely, but he was kind
enough not to raise any objection in my case,
and so I shall hasten on with ruy remarks.
I have been thinking about the condition
of things during all the evening. I tell you,
sir, I was amazed when this amendment was
brought before the Senate. I had not the
slightest idea of having any trouble here
to-day. ^ I thought we would close out this
appropriation bill and all be ready to go home
again, meet next December, and then know-
ing the political status of the country, and if
victorious how well would we treat our fellow-
members on the other side of the Chamber;
like gentlemen.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the way we
ought to treat each other now.
