746
APPENDIX .TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
42d Cong.,..2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
and instructing the Poncas in the arts of
civilization, with a view to their self-support,
and for subsistence and clothing, ten thousand
dollars.
Pottawatomies.
For permanent annuity, in silver, per fourth
article treaty of August third, seventeen hun-
dred and ninety-five, four hundred and eight-
een dollars and thirty-five cents.
For permanent annuity, in silver, per third
article treaty of September thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and nine, two hundred and nine dol-
lars and eighteen cents.
For permanent annuity, in silver, per third
article treaty of October second, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, one thousand and forty-
five dollars and eighty-seven cents.
For permanent annuity, in money, per sec-
ond article treaty of September twentieth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, eight hun-
dred and thirty-six dollars and sixty-nine
cents.
For permanent annuity, in specie, per sec-
ond article treaty of July twenty-ninth, eight-
een hundred and twenty-nine, six thousand
six hundred and ninety-three dollars and fifty-
eight cenf.3.
For educational purposes, five thousand
dollars.
For permanent provision for payment of
money, in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel, per
second article treaty of September twentieth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth
article treaties of June fifth and seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, one hundred
and twenty-five dollars and fifty cents.
For permanent provisions for three black-
smiths and assistants, and for iron and steel
for shops, per third article treaty of October
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and twenty-six,
second article treaty of September twentieth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and sec-
ond article treaty of July twenty-ninth, eight-
een hundred and twenty-nine, one thousand
one hundred and seventy-nine dollars and
seventy-four cents.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of
salt, per second article treaty of July twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, one
hundred and eighty-three dollars and three
cents.
For interest on two hundred and sixty-eight
thousand nine hundred and ninety-eight dol-
lars and seventeen cents, at five per centum,
in conformity with provisions of article seven
of treaties of June fifth and seventeenth, eight-
een hundred and forty-six, thirteen thousand
four hundred and forty-nine dollars and ninety
cents.
For this amount to enable the Secretary of
the Interior to carry out the provisions of the
third article of the treaty with the Pottawat-
omie Indians of November fifteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, as modified bv the
treaty of March twenty-nine, eighteen nun
dred and sixty-six, by paying to those mem-
bers of the tribe who are entitled thereto
under said treaty provisions a pro rata share
oi their tribal funds, fifty-four thousand ninety-
nine dollars and thirteen cents.
For this amount to enable the Secretary of
the Interior to carry out the provisions ot the
fourth article of the treaty with Pottawatomies
of November fifteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, as modified by the treaty of March
twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
by paying to those members of the tribe who
are entitled to allotments of eighty acres of
land each, the cash value of the same, esti-
mated at one dollar per acre, the said amount
to be reimbursed from the proceeds of the
sales of the Pottawatomie lands, seven thou-
sand two hundred dollars; making in all sixty-
one thousand two hundred and timet)-nine
dollars and thirteen cents.
Pottawatomies of Huron.
For permanent annuity, in money or other-
wise, per second article treaty of November
seventeenth, eighteen hundred and seven, four
hundred dollars.
Quapaws.
For education, during the pleasure of the
President, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistants, and tools,
iron, and steel for blacksmith's shop, one
thousand sixty dollars.
For one farmer, during the pleasure of the
President, six hundred dollars.
Qui-nai-elt and Quie-leh-ute Indians.
For third of five instalments on twenty-five
thousand dollars (being the first series), for
beneficial objects, under the direction of the
President, per fourth article treaty of July
first, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay of suitable instructions [instruct-
ors], per ttnth article treaty of July first, eight
een hundred and fifty-five, two thousand five
hundred dollais.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for
support of smith and carpenter shop, and to
provide the necessary tools therefor, per
tenth article treaty of July first, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
employment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and
farmer, and a physician, who shall furnish
medicines for the sick, per tenth article treaty
of July first, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
four thousand one hundred dollars.
Biver Crows.
For this amount, to be expended for such
goods, provisions, and other articles, as the
President from time to time may determine,
including transportation thereof, in instruct-
ing in agricultural and mechanical pursuits,
in providing employees, educating children,
procuring medicine and medical attendance,
care for and support, of the aged, sick, and
infirm, for the helpless orphans of said In-
dians, and in any other respect to promote
their civilization, comfort, and improvement,
thirty thousand dollars.
Rogue Rivers.
For third of five instalments, in "blankets,
clothing, farming utensils, and stock, per third
article treaty of September tenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, three thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of the Mississippi.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per third article treaty of November
third, eighteen hundred and four, one thousand
dollars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty of October twenty-first, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty of October eleventh, eighteen hundred
and torty-two, forty thousand dollars.
For fourth of five instalments, for support
of a physician an! purchase of medicines, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For pay of a physician and purchase of medi-
cines, one hundred dollars.
For fourth of five instalments, forsupplying
said tribes with tobacco arid salt, three hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-seven
thousand four hundred dollars, at five per
centum, under the direction of the President,
per second article treaty of October twenty-
first, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, seven
thousand eight hundred and seventy dollars.
Seminoles.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as annu-
ity, per eighth article treaty of August seventk,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, to be paid
as annuity (they having joined their brethren
West), per eighth article treaty of August sev-
enth, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve
thousand five hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at the
rate of five per centum per annum, "to be
paid annually for the support of schools," as
per third article treaty of March twenty first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For interest on twenty thousand dollars, at
the rate of five per centum per aunum, "to
be paid annually," for the support of the Semi-
nole government, as per third aiticle treaty
of March twenty-first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, one thousand dollars.
Senecas.
For permanent annuity, in specie, per fourth
article treaty of September twenty-ninth,
eighteen hundred and seventeen, five hundred
dollars.
B\>r permanent annuity, in specie, per fourth
article treaty of September seventeenth, eight-
eenhundredatid eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shops and
tools, iron and steel, to be applied as stipu-
lated in the seventh article treaty of February
twenty-third, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, one thousand and sixty dollars.
For miller, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, six hundred dollars.
Senecas of New York.
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest
on stock, per act of February nineteenth,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six thousand
dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on sev-
enty-five thousand dollars, at five per centum,
per act of June twenty-seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six, three thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty-
three thousand and fifty dollars, transferred
from the Ontario Bank to the United States
Treasury, per act of June twenty-seventh,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, two thousand
one hundred and fifty-two dollars and fifty
cents.
Senecas and Shawnees.
For permanent annuity, in specie, per fourth
article treaty of September seventeenth, eight-
een hundred and eighteen,one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and
tools, iron and steel, one thousand and sixty
dollars.
Senecas, Mixed Senecas, and Shawnees, Qua-
paws, Confederated Peorias. Kaskatkias,
Weas,and Piankexhairs. Ottowas of Blanch-
ard s Fork and Roche de Bceuf, and certain
Wyandotts.
For fourth of five instalments, for black-
smith and assistant, shop and tools, iron and
steel for shop, for Shawnees, five hundred
dollars.
For fourth of six instalments, for pay of
blacksmith, and for necessary iron and steel
and tools, for Peorias, Kaskaskias. Weas, and
Piankeshaws, one thousand one hundred and
twenty-three dollars and twenty-nine cents.
Shawnees.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty of August third,
