3486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
had depot grounds, they have had a bridge
given to them to cross over and make their
southern connection. 1 believe that to give
them this park would be to inflict a far greater
injury upon the city than the city can be com-
pensated by the construction of the road, and
1 believe that if it were left to day to the in-
habitants of this place they would prefer to
have their park than to have the railroad, and
I believe that because the people of other
cities have cheerfully expended much larger
sums for their parks than has been expended
for the construction of this road.
Some gentlemen have spoken in regard to
this park as if it was a myth, something that
was to be in some future time, and we have
been told that probably when the city became
a city it would want a park, when it got to be
as large as New York, and then the park
ought to be out of reach ; they ought to buy a
park somewhere else where nobody could get
to it except those who have horses and vehi-
cles, the wealthy I I think the great merit of
this park is that it is the heart of the city, that
it traverses the center of the town, that it is
accessible from all sides by pedestrians, all
classes of people, accessible from that portion
of the city which lies to the south, and that
portion which lies to the north. Kven now in
its unfinished condition, if the Senator will go
down upon the Mall on Sunday, he will find
it filled with people taking their pleasure.
This railroad, if you look on the map of the
city, you will see proposes to take eight hun-
dred feet along Sixth street by one hundred
and fifty feet in depth, which is just one half
of the breadth ot the park at that point, and
with aline of road which continues across the
other half of the park, any one can form an
idea of what a destruction it will be, what a
nuisance ; notonly a nuisance to the sight, but
it will put people in danger of their lives. No
one can cross it on foot or in a vehicle without
endangering his lile. Any one will see at once
that such a nuisance, so dangerous to life,
would put a stop to the use of this park as a
pleasure ground. Nobody would go out there
to take his pleasure when he was in danger of
being run over by a locomotive.
In this view 1 am opposed to the location
of the depot at the point sought by this com-
pany. 1 regret very much to be compelled to
oppose anything that is asked for by the ven-
erable Senator lrom Pennsylvania, [JJr. Cam-
kkox.] but I am forced to do so. My sense
of duty and of propriety compels me to give
that vote reluctantly, as I always so vote
against any wish of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, but I think it is intolerable that the
only pleasure-ground in this city should be
destroyed for the purpose of giving a monop-
oly to one railroad company over another. I
I "know very well it is for the purpose of
securing this monopoly, because it amounts
substantially to a monopoly. You put this
depot where it can be reached in a few min-
utes' walk and without the expense of a car-
riage, and if the other companies are excluded
and their depots kept out of reach, every one
will as a matter of choice use this depot which
has so much the greater advantage. There-
fore, this is an attempt to get Congress to
sanction a monopoly in favor of one railroad.
The Senator from Nevada and other Sen-
ators have sneered at this park which some of
us desire to protect from invasion, and have
represented it as loathsome. I admit that
some abuses have been made of portions of it,
not very creditable to us who have permitted
it nor to the city ; but, rightly looked upon, it
is the germ at least of the finest park in any
city in the woild. It contains some three or
four hundred acres ; and among the decora-
tions of this park is this noble building in
which we stand. At the other end is the
Presidential Mansion, with the public build-
ings that stand around it; and many of the
other public buildings belonging to the Gov-
ernment stand in this park, and are among its
decorations; and I may say, what I believe to
be true, that this park, when cleared of the
nuisances which make a portion of it so loath-
some, with these magnificent architectural
adornments, will not have a fellow in the
whole civilized world. It can be now, with
very little expense, made the most beautiful
of all the parks that adorn any of the cities,
not only of this country, but of Europe.
But all this must give way before the utili-
tarian idea. We must surrender it to be used
by a railroad company, and, following the ad-
vice of the Senator from Pennsylvania, buy a
park in some inaccessible region 1 The de-
mand which is made upon us by this lailroad
company is one which Congress ought not to
countenance. This park ought to be preserved
intact. The nuisances which have been put
there in the name of improvement ought to be
obliterated, for the canal to which the Senator
from Nevada referred is a nuisance ; it was
put there in the name and in the same interest
which now seeks to put this railroad there.
The canal is dangerous to health in one way
and the railroad in another, and both of them
are nuisances, and both ought to be excluded,
especially as the railroad is amply and con-
veniently accommodated elsewhere.
This is not an isolated case of the grasping
spirit of these monopolies. We have now pend-
ing before this body a similar case from Cali-
fornia, where the Central Pacific Uailroad Com-
pany seeks to despoil the city of San Francisco
of its liaibor, to take an island that belongs to
the Government of the United States set apart
for the convenience of the city. A bill is pend-
ing to give that island to a railroad company
that has already been endowed with more
than forty million dollars by this Government.
That company will hardly be able to say what
has been said by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania iu favor of the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company, that it has not had the
amplest and most enormous subsidies bestowed
upon it by the Government. The Senator
from Nevada in urging this spoliation of the
city of Washington, as he urges the spoliation
and destruction of the harbor of San Fran-
cisco in favor of another railroad, shows that
he lets nothing stand in the way of a railroad
company when it asks a favor. He gave us
notice that he did not consider the people of
this District entitled to consideration, because
he thought their property had been enhanced
by putting the capital here. I think nothing
stands in his way when a railroad corporation
wants to invest itself with whatdoes not belong
to it.
For my part I trust the Senate will hesitate
to confirm this grant, a grant which purports
to have been made by the city of Washington
of what everybody knpws did not belong to the
city of Washington. This project had its in-
ception, therefore, in a fraud and a ialse pre-
tense, and the title of the bill is a fraud and
false pretense, for it purports to confirm a
grant made by the city of Washington of land
that did not belong to the city of Washington,
but which does belong to the United States;
aud thus we are to be induced to give away
what belongs to the United States under the
pietense that we are confirming a grant made
by the corporation of the District of^ Columbia.
I say I hope the Senate will refuse to con-
firm it, but if it is confirmed I hope it will be
after the subject has been considered as is
proposed by the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont, who has moved an amendment
to refer this matter to certain expert engineers
to devise a proper plan not only for the ac-
commodation of this road, but all other roads,
putting them on an equality. Before taking
this step, it on the plea put forward by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, the Senator from
New Jersey, and others who have spoken in
behalf of this bill, we are to give these privi-
leges because of the immense advantages of
railroads, if we are to confer them because
these railroads which are the creators of so
much- wealth and prosperity in our country
must be properly considered and provided for,
I think it ought to be done on mature consid-
eration by persons who are expert in such
matters, and not upon the demand of each
interested railroad itself or the corporators of
each interested company ; that the rights and
wishes and welfare of others ought also to be
taken into consideration at the same time, and
if we confer a privilege upon one road we
ought to give the like privilege to all and in
the same measure.
For these reasons I shall vote cheerfully for
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I have
sent up to the desk some petitions from the
people on this subject, and some Senators
desire that they shall be read. I therefore ask
the Clerk to read one of those petitions. Of
course 1 do not ask for the reading of the
names.
Tbe Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and Howe of Representatives of tke
United States in OongrcBH assembled :
The undersigned, citizens of tho Distriot of Co-
lumbia, respectfully, but earnestly and emphatic-
ally, protest against tho passago ot (bo bill reported
by the District of Columbia Committee of tho House
of Representatives, granting the Baltimore and Po-
tomac llaihoad Company tho right to erect their
depot up on the square bounded by Sixth and Sev-
enth streets west and B street north.
Wo mako this protest bec.iuse we believe that such
location will inlorfcrc with, injure, and forever mar
the beauty of tho proposed park to be constructed
out of tho Government reservations west ot tho
Camtol.
Wo mako this protest because we believe it inex-
pedient and impolitic in tho Government to give to
a wealthy corporation the reservations which tho
wise foresight of Washington reserved tor tho bene-
fit of all the people sojourning in tho city bearing
his name.
Wo make this protest because wo regard the run-
ning of cars by stonm-power through a city, upon
the grade of tho streots, ill-advised and full of dan-
ger to life and limb.
We mako thin protest because we believe that a
site for a railroad depot might easily be found,
which would notonly bo accespiblo and convenient
to our citizens, but would amply accommodate all
the railroads entering Washington.
We mako this protest because we believe that
Congress would never have granted permission to
have opened said street had it not been shown that
it was necessary to do so to accommodate the great
iocreaso of business leading lrom Pennsylvania
avonue to tho river.
We mako this protest because wo believe it ma-
terially interferes with the business community,
particularly thusu doing business south of Pennsyl-
vania avenue, from using said street, it being one of
the five streets leading from tho heart of tho city to
the river.
For all these reasons wo beg Congress not to pass
the bill in question, which is antagonistic to the in-
terest and desire or the very people whom it pro-
fosses to serve.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Now, in
order that full justice may bo done to all par-
ties, there is o, counter petition in favor of this
site which I ask to have read alsu.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" We, the undersigned, property-owners, and mer-
chants doing business on the north and south side
of Pennsylvania avenue aud in the immediate vicin-
ity of the proposed depot of the Baltimoro and
Potomac railroad, respectfully petition your honor-
able committee f.o ratify tho action of our city
councils in granting to the said Baltimore and l o-
tornac railroad tbe reservation bounded by oixxu
and B streets and the canal for the erection of' their
passenger depot, believing as we do that said loca-
tion wilt redound to the advantage of both the busi-
ness and traveling public."
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Mr. Pres-
ident, these petitions were gotten up by the
citizens here, as I understand, and referred to
the Committee on the Distiict of Columbia.
I have gone over them hastily to-day through
tbe courtesy of one of the members of tho
committee. I find that about six hundred
property-holders aud business men of the city
are opposed to the depot where it is now pro-
posed to be located, and in favor of Hie place
previously designated. I find that ninety-five
have petitioned for the depot where this bill
proposes to locate it, but of those ninety-five
nineteen have since withdrawn their names,
and now oppose the proposed location of the
depot.
