1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3487
I rose simply to make "a statement, not to
attempt to make a speech. The action which
this bill proposes to confirm, as I understood,
passed the city councils previous to the form-
ation of the present District government, and
was introduced and put through both cham-
bers on the same night, so that the people here
had no opportunity whatever to express their
views on the subject. I understand further
that there has been a resolution introduced to
repeal what was done previously, and it has
passed one of the branches of the District
Legislature, and is now pending in the other;
so that so far as the citizens here are con-
cerned, it appears that they are decidedly
opposed to the location now proposed for this
depot.
The sitefor a depot already granted to this
company is sufficiently large in every way.
There is nothing to be lost by not passing this
bill. This railroad company now has a site
for a depot much larger than that which is now
contemplated; a site just beyond the park;
hut the intention is to cross through the park
on Sixth street and get in this side of the park,
between that and Pennsylvania avenue, and
eventually to come to the avenue, I suppose.
The ground which it is intended to occupy
belongs to the Government. This bill pro-
poses to give it to a railroad company without
compensation of any kind whatever. It is
Government property, and of course it is for
Congress to say what it may do with it. Dur-
ing the present session we have appropriated
$400,000 lor the purpose of buying ground on
either side of the Capitol building; now we
propose, without compensation, to give to a
railroad company grouud in front of the Capi-
tol. It appears to me to be all wrong and out
of place that we should be one day proposing
to buy grouud around the Capitol on either
side of it, and the next day giving away ground
in front of the Capitol.
Mr. President, 1 have here the proceedings
of a public meeting which was held in this
. city on this subject. I do not desire to take
up the time of the Senate, and so I shall only
ask the Secretary to read the first two resolu-
tions adopted by that meeting.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Whereas a bill, hastily passed by the House of
Representatives, is now pending in the Senate of
the United States which proposes to grant to the
Baltimore and Potomac liailroad Company the
privilege of laying a railway in Sixth street west,
from Virginia avonue northward to a point near
Pennsylvania avenue, and also to make a donation
to the said company of a public reservation worth
at leubt three hundred thousand dollars, the location
of which railway through the grounds reserved, in
the compact with the proprietors of the land on
which the city is built, for a public park, will inju-
riously affect, if not destroy, the beauty and oomtort
of the park as well as the original design of the city,
as planned by the preeminently distinguished citi-
zen whose name it bears, and afterward ratified by
Congress; and whereas the passage of this bill by
the House of Representatives appears from tlio de-
bate m that honorable body to have been urged and
defended in view of an ordinance passed March '20,
1871, by the boards of aldermen and common coun-
cil of the city of Washington: Therefore,
' Hesuloed, That the said ordinance was passed and
signed bv the then mayor of the city in flagrant dis-
regard of tho wishes of the people and property-
holders, and especially of those residing and owning
property in what is known as South Washington,
whose pecuniary interests and personal comfort will
be very injuriously affected if the Senate shall sanc-
tion this rash act of the late city council, which,
having been introduced in the board of aldermon at
a late hour in the night of the 20th of March, was
rushed through that body the same night with but
a single negative vote, and the board of common
council having in the mean time, at near midnight,
taken a recess to receive the bill, in like manner, as
soon as it was received, pressed to a final passage,
with only one vote in tho negative, which hasty
proceedings in both boards plainly indicate the
strength of the lobby or other controlling influence
by which so impoitant a measure was carried."
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I notice
that the bill now before us does not in any
way regulate the speed of the trains. So far
as this bill is concerned, they may come in on
Sixth street up to this depot at the rate of
fifty miles an hour, if they choose to do so,
while other roads coming into the city are
required from the boundary line to run only
at the rate of six miles an houl-. At the
proper time I shall offer an amendment on
that subject. I only state it now to show that
the hill needs amendment in some particulars.
There are several other amendments' that
should be made, but I name this now because
the Senator from Pennsylvania has intimated
there should be no amendment made,
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is mani-
fest, Mr. President, that there is a bill of no
ordinary interest before this body. We are
not now dealing with such subjects as the
tariff, or internal revenue, or Indians, or the
public lands; but there is now a railroad
project here, a project to give up a very val-
uable piece of land both aa regards its pecun-
iary value and its value as connected with
the public park of this city. It is a matter of
so much consequence, in my judgment, that I
deem it my duty to submit some observations
in protest against such a scheme.
As originally designed, we have this great
city laid out before us. We have this beauti-
ful strip of land lying west of the Capitol and
extending to the Presidential Mansion. The
question is presented here to-day whether we
are willing to yield up any part of this land to
private purposes, and to private purposes of
the worst character so far as a park and the
uses of a park are concerned.
Before I proceed to make any observations
respecting the necessity of a park, allow me to
refer for one moment to the remarks made by
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania in
respect to the railroad facilities to this city.
The act under which this corporation now
claims to come here was passed by the State
of Maryland in the year 1853, For .seventeen
long years did this charter lie here ready for
any one to take advantage of it and to give
railroad facilities to this city, and yet my
honorable friend from Pennsylvania declaims
against the State of Maryland and against the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad for antagonizing
every railroad that looked toward a connection
with this city and with Virginia besides its
own. It is not so.
I know very well the causes that secured the
passage of that charter, and the reason why,
before that period and up to the present period
of time, advantage was not taken of the facili-
ties afforded by that chartcr. It was the de-
sire on the part of the people of southern
Maryland to acquire railroad facilities to Bal-
timore and to this capital, and it was also
the further desire of that people to make rail-
road connections with southern Virginia. fc'or
seventeen years did this charter sleep. It was
because no railroad company was willing, in
order to secure a connection with this city, to
comply with all the provisions of the chartcr,
and thus give railroad facilities to southern
Maryland as well as a connection with south-
ern Virginia.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, I did not say anything of tho city of Balti-
more or of the State of Maryland with regard
to this Potomac road, except what the Sena-
tor is now saying himself. I stated that this
charter had been given by the Legislature of
Maryland long years ago, without anybody on
the route being willing to put his money into
the road. (Jntil this company came forward
and subscribed the stock and made the road
there was nothing done by the people of
Maryland toward it. It had lain kng years,
as the Senator says, untouched, without any
aid from Maryland, or a single citizen ot
Maryland offering a dollar to make that con-
nection between the city of Baltimore and the
city of Washington and Acquia creek.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. So be it.
I admit it; but that is no cause of complaint
against the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. It
antagonized nothing against that charter. It
never opposed it. But the people of southern
Maryland together with those of western
Maryland and the people of Baltimore desired
an additional communication with Washing-
ton, and in connection with that a railroad
connection with southern Maryland and with
southern Virginia. Therefore, there has been
no illiberal spirit manifested against anybody,
nor against any railroad facilities to this city
by any human being within the limits of Mary-
land. Only the other day there was a bill
presented to this body to authorize the con-
struction of a railroad from here to Harrisburg.
Besides that we have in Maryland a free
railroad law. Anybody can construct a rail-
road there anywhere and to any point. There-
fore. I regretted when the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania undertook to arraign the
citizens of Maryland as being hostile to any
of these great enterprises. We are in favor
of them all. 1 am gratified that this southern
and western railroad is being constructed. (
hope it will be extended to Aequiacreek, as it
must be under the charier, from this city,
and thence down to Point Lookout under
another charter that is now being put into
operation, and I trust will be carried out, and
thus we shall have in the whole southern limit
of Maryland railroad access to all its parts,
Sir, I am not opposed to railroad facilities.
I always advocated a free railroad law in my
State. I wanted railroads to go wherever the
public demanded them, or their interests or
thefr convenience required them ; and there-
fore, when 1 am here now speaking against this
single proposition 1 do not, wish to be misun-
derstood. I am not opposed to this railroad
having a suitable location in this city for a
passenger or freight depot.. 1 am for that.
We so voted at the last session. When the
Senator from Pennsylvania got up in this
Chamber and presented a bill here giving to
this railroad company a location at the junc-
tion of Maryland and Virginia avenues both
for a freight and passenger depot, and asked
the unanimous consent of this body to pass
that bill, there was nobody to say no. I was
present on that occasion. Nohody objected
to it. There is a splendid place for a depot,
right upon the highway south, with ample
ground for all the iequtremeiits of the road,
with ample facilities, aa much so as any rail-
road here, liight on this point, for it is an
important one to all of us, I desire to call the
attention of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania to the law we then passed and what
this bill now proposes to do. liy the act, of
Congress passed March!!, 1871, it is provided:
" That the Baltimore anil Potomac Railroad Com-
pany be, and tlioy aro heieby. authorized to erect
over tlieir tiaoks on Virginia- avenue, between west
Hixth street and west Seventh street, in the city of
Washington, a passenger-depot building, covering
tho following described area."
It then goes on to give the area.
" J'rovi'M, That the absent of tho municipal
authorities of the city ol Washington, or of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, bo first obtained to the erection of
said depot."
It proscribes the style of architecture. It
describes the ground, a larger piece of ground
than Lhat now proposed to be given, and afford-
ing more railroad facilities. My friend from
Pennsylvania having thus secured, by the
unanimous approval of Congress, the passage
of that act, and having possession of those
ample grounds at that point, by the bill now
before us proposes to repeal that statute. The
very bill which provides for the confirmation
of the city grant for this railroad provtdes for
the repeal of the act of IB"?1:
" Provided further. That tho act of Congress
approved March 3, 1871, granting a cite for a pas-
senger depot for said railroad company upon Vir-
ginia avenue is hereby repealed, to Lake effect when
said company obtains possession of the depot prop-
erty on Sixth street, as described in this act.'
Now, I want honorable Senators arouud me
to see whore the trouble couies in:
"And no passenger or other depot shall be con-
structed by said company on said site.
Whore is to be your freight depot? You
provide in this very bill for the establishment
of a depot for passengers and what you call
express freight. I do not understand pie-
