1872.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
790
report to the State of Massachusetts, in four
years—18G6, 1867, 1868, and 1869—prosecu-
tions, exclusive of liquor cases, amounting to
ten thousand and thirty-six. What were these
prosecutions for? What crimes had the peo-
ple of the State of Massachusetts committed?
Why, sir, in listening to the honorable gentle-
man, you would suppose that they were all
saints up there with their great learning. Let
me read to you some of the crimes they have
committed, and I will read them alphabetic-
al ly, because they are guilty of crimes for as
many letters as there are in the English lan-
guage, except the four last letters of the alpha-
bet. [Great laughter.] Let me say, however,
before reading the list, that you would suppose,
from the remarks of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, that crime was decreasing in that
State; but, instead of that, in 1866 there were
nineteen hundred and forty-five cases, and
in 1869 there were thirty-four hundred and
fifty-nine, an increase of nearly double in
three years. And what were these crimes,
Mr. Speaker? I.will recite a few of them.
Arson, adultery, [laughter,] burglary, bigamy,
[laughter,] conspiring to defraud, drunken-
ness, delacing tombstones, [great laughter,]
forgery, horse-stealing, [laughter,] highway
robbery, keeping hotel without license. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, I must claim your protection.
I proceed with the list. Night-walking,
[laughter,] obtaining money under false pre-
tenses, perjury, polygamy, [laughter,] playing
cards on Sunday, present at cock-fight,, [great
laughter,] refusing to pay their railroad fares,
[great laughter,] setting up a lottery, selling
obscene prints, selling unmeasured wood,
[laughter,] selling diseased meat, [laughter,]
threatening to burn a church, [great laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, I will read no more of the ten
thousand.
Now, sir, when the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts talks about the illiteracy of the State
of Delaware, let me tell him that the criminal
record of that State does not present any such
dark record as that of the State of Massachu-
setts does to-day—a record darker than night
piled upon midnight. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman now allow
a suggestion to him?
Mr. BIGGS. Yes, sir, with the greatest
pleasure.
Mr. HOAR. I ask the gentleman if the
same statistics from which he obtained that
list do not show that over eighty per cent, of
those crimes were committed by persons of
foreign birth coming from foreign count,Ties?
Mr. BIGGS. That will do. Now, is not
that an unreasonable question? [Laughter.]
To ask me to go into the State of Massachu-
setts and ascertain whether a man is an Eng-
lishman or Frenchman or foreigner, who com-
mitted such crimes as these! Sir, they were
committed in the State of Massachusetts, and
the State of Massachusetts must father them.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman from Del-
aware state to the House that the census of
the United States does not show the fact I
stale, that, eighty per cent, of these crimes were
committed by persons of foreign birth, every
one of whom votes the Democratic ticket?
[Great laughter.]
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, the foreigners
who have fled from their own country for pro-
tection in America, when they come over here
are many of them poor, and it is a shame for
the gentleman from Massachusetts to under-
take to cast such a reflection upon the foreign
population of our country.
Mr. HOAR. Why, it is the census of the
United States says it, and not 1.
Mr. BIGGS. Bet, Mr. Speaker, I will now
proceed to read an extract from the gentle-
man's speech, which I think is refreshing.
Will the gentleman from Massachusetts listen ?
He said in his speech the other day:
"But your offense toward the South is light com-
pared with that of your Demooratio opponents.
With what hatred, what bitter and relentless hatred
has the Democratic party pursued these unhappy
States of the South I How nas that party sought to
fasten upon that beautiful and unfortunate section
of our land everything that degrades mankind!"
Sir, there is not a man in America to-day
outside of an insane asylum who believes that.
The honorable gentleman himself, upon calm
reflection would not have uttered it. Sir, the
Democratic party pursuing with relentless
hatred the people of the South! We, as Dem-
ocrats, are the friends not only of the South,
but of the North, and of the East and of the
West. I am a member of the Democratic
party. I hold my seat here to-day by virtue
of the vote of that party.
When the honorable gentleman undertakes
to tell me that the Democratic party of this
country are pursuing the South with relentless
hatred, I ask him, I ask this House, who it
was that scourged the southern people; who
it was that sent down, if I may use the expres-
sion, carpet-baggers in the southern States for
the purpose of persecuting the South? Who
was your Governor Bullock; who was your
Governor Holden; who was your Governor
Scott? And a friend on my right suggests that
I should ask, who was Governor Warmoth?
All loyal people. Oh I how they loved their
country; loved it, and, like lovers, linger while
she had greenbacks for them to finger. They
served their country themselves to pay; then
purloined her treasure, packed up and ran
away.
Now, let me say to my friends, let me say to
Republican members of this House, sirs, the
people of this country hold the Republican
party to-day responsible for the oppressive
taxation and bad government in the South.
Who enfranchised ignorance and disfranchised
knowledge? Who piled up more than two
hundred million dollars of debt upon the
seceded States, independent of their local
taxation ? Was that done by the Democratic
party? Who, I ask, was guilty of that? Was
it Republicans or was it Democrats? And
yet the honorable gentleman says that the
Democratic party have pursued the South with
relentless hatred. Sir, you ought to get down
upon your knees, and with your mouth in the
dust ask God to forgive you for making such
untrue charges as that against the Democratic
party. [Laughter.]
I come now to another point, and that is
with reference to my own State. I know that
she has a constitution which may not suit
Republicans. It suits my people; we love it:
we cherish it; and I am proud that the State
of Delaware has always adhered to the funda-
mental law of the land. I am proud that she
can take the Latin words and say, " Gives boni
legesparebunt." And as the honorable gen-
tleman gave us a Latin sentence in his speech
the other day, I ask him to translate these
words and see whether or not the citizens of
Massachusetts, during the existence of the
fugitive slave iaw, carried them into practice.
Sir, to-day the State of Delaware stands in
the galaxy of States as one of the proudest in
the Union. And if honorable gentlemen will
just go down to the Washington monument,
in sight of this Capitol, they will there see a
stone taken from the blue rock of our own
Bratidywine, and inscribed upon its face are
these words: "Delaware: the first, to sign the
Constitution, and the last to abandon it."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I was inter-
rupted, and I believe you promised me two
minutes more. [Laughter.] I say that during
our late civil war, when the sovereignty of the
State was invaded by the Federal soldiers, when
the ballot-box was surrounded by armed men,
when all her sister States gave way, Delaware
kept her representation upon this floor,^ and in
the other end of this Capitol, Democratic, with
but one exception in this Chamber, when we
declined to vote rather than take General
Schenck's oath. And when you brought- the
Federal bayonets to our polls, when you made
us vote with armed men at our backs and by
our side, with the dungeon and the bastile ,
threatening us at every election, the State pro-
nounced in favor of Democratic candidates
and Democratic principles. There we will
stand, as we stood during our last election.
And to my Democratic friends,permit me to
say that perhaps it would be better to let
Delaware make the next national platform
of our party and place our next presidential
candidates upon it. Delaware Democrats
never depart from a principle; we are no
departurists; we do not advocate any "pas-
sive policy." We stand firm in Democratic
faith, and, "sink orswim, liveor die, survive
or perish," my little " Diamond State" rests
her fortune entirely upon the strong arm of
Democracy. [Great laughter and applause.]
Now, sir, a few words upon the merits of the
bill. The details of the bill abridge one of the
reserved rights of the State, and, if passed, will
imply a want of confidence in the States. A
reserved right should never be abridged ; time
enough to change the order of things when the
right has been surrendered by the people in
the manner pointed out in the Constitution.
Now, the substitute offered by my friend from
Georgia [Mr. McIxtyre] avoids the control
by the Federal bead. Sir, this bill provides
that the public lands are to be sold and fifty
per cent, applied to purposes of education, and
that—
" The circuit courts of the United States shall have
exclusive jurisdiction of all offenses committed
against the provisions of this act, and shall have
power and authority by the proper writ to compel
the performance of the duties herein required, by
any officer herein mentioned, and to restrain any
undue and improper performance of such duties."
Here, sir, you will perceive the jurisdiction
of the State is wiped out, and the pains and
penalties contained in this bill are executed
and enforced by the circuit court of the United
States. Now, why is this? Why such legis-
lation, which strikes at the sovereignty of the
State 1 Is this Government to be changed
into a centralized despotism ?
If you want to distribute the sales of the
public lands among the States, why not bring
in a bill giving annually to each State their
proportion according to population, and pro-
vide in the bill that each State may appropriate
the money for such purposes as it may deem
right and proper? Would not such a bili be
infinitely preferable to the one now under con-
sideration? Would it not be better to so dispose
of the public domain than to be giving it away
at every session of Congress to mammoth cor-
porations by thousands and millions of acres?
But, sir, with all our learning, remember
that virtue must be the handmaid of knowl-
edge ; the two must go together. The per-
petuity of a republic must rest upon the in-
telligence and virtue of the people. The most
polished court of modern Europe was, per-
haps, that of Louis XIV, and yet how corrupt I
Modern Greece has a system of education
unparalleled in the history of the world, and
yet a traveler cannot venture but a few miles
from Athens, unless he is accompanied by an
armed escort. Ignorance, dreadful and dire-
ful as it is, is not altogether the danger of our
national peril. And, sir. permit me to say to
the honorable gentlemen from Pennsylvania
and Massachusetts, that when this continent
reeled and rocked during our late civil war, iis
if shaken by a mighty earthquake, Delaware
stood firm in her Democratic faith, and as true
to Democracy as the needle to the pole. And
there, Mr. Speaker, she will stand, repudiating
any "passive policy," saying to the Repub-
lican party, "You are our political enemies;
we are yours, and having the most unbounded
faith in our undying principles, wa stritca for
victory."
Mr. MclNTYRE. I now yield ten minutes,
of my time to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bright.]
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, it is a matter
of regret to me——
