748
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
article treaty of March second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, nine thousand dollars.
For pay of two teachers, as per same article
of same treaty, two thousand dollars.
For the purchase of iron and steel, and the
necessary tools for blacksmith's shop, two
hundred and twenty dollars.
For fourth of thirty instalments, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, for clothing, blankets, and
such other articles as he may think proper and
necessary, under eleven th article of same treaty,
thirty thousand dollars.
For annual amount, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
in supplying said Indians with beef, mutton,
wheat, flour, beans, and potatoes, as per
twelfth article same treaty, thirty thousand
dollars.
For transportation of [such] goods as may
be purchased for said Indians, seven thousand
dollars.
Teton Sioux.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to purchase subsistence and
clothing for the Teton and other bands of
Sioux in the vicinity of Fort Peck, Montana
Territory, and for such other objects as the
Secretary of the Interior, with the approval of
the President, may deem necessary and advis-
able, to promote the civilization and improve-
ment of said Indians, five hundred thousand
dollars. But this appropriation shall be ex-
pended for the benefit of such portions of said
bands only, and for such lime as they main-
tain friendly relations to the United States.
Umpquas (Cow Creek Band).
For nineteenth of twenty instalments, in
blankets, clothing, provisions, and stock, per
third article treaty of September nineteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty three, five hundred
and fifty dollars.
Umpquas and Calapooias of TJmpqua Valley,
Oregon.
For third of five instalments, of the fourth
series of annuity, for beneficial objects, to be
expended as directed by the President, per
third article treaty of November twenty-ninth,
eighteen hundred and titty-four, one thousand
dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty instalments, for
the pay of a teacher and purchase of books
and stationery, per sixth article treaty of No-
vember twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and
fifiy-four, one thousand four hundred and fifty
dollars.
Walla- Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla Tribes,
For third of five instalments of third series,
to be expended under the direction of the
President, per second article treaty of June
ninth, eighteen hundred and fifty five, four
thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
puicliase of all necessary mill fixtures and
mechanical tools, medicines and hospital
stores, books and stationery for schools, re-
pairs of school building, and furniture, and for
employees, three thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
pay and subsistence of one superintendent of
fanning operations, one farmer, two millers,
one blacksmith, one wagon and plow maker,
one carpenter and joiner, one physician, and
two teachers, per fourth article treaty of June
ninth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eleven
thousand two hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
pay of each of the head chiefs of the Walla-
Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla bauds, the sum
of five hundred dollars per annum, per fifth
article treaty of June ninth, eighteen hundred
and fifty five, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
WicMtas, and other Affiliated Bands, and
Indians in country leased from Choctaws.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including transportation thereof, in instruct-
ing in agricultural and mechanical pursuits,
in providing employees, educating children,
procuring medicine and medical attendance,
care for and support of the aged, sick, and
infirm, for the helpless orphans of said In-
dians, and in any other respect to promote
their civilization, comfort, and improvement,
fifty thousand dollars.
Winnebagoes.
For interest on eight hundred and eighty-
six thousand nine hundred and nine dollars
and seventeen cents, at five per centum, per
fourth article treaty of November first, eighteen
hundred and thirty-seven, and joint resolution
of July seventeenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, forty-four thousand three hundred
and forty-five dollars and forty-six cents.
For twenty-sixth of thirty instalments of
interest on seventy-five thousand three hun-
dred and eighty-seven dollars and twenty-eight
cents, at five per centum, per fourth article
treaty of October thirteenth, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, three thousand seven hundred
and sixty-nine dollars and thirty-six cents.
For interest on seventy-eight thousand and
three hundred and forty dollars and forty-one
cents, at five per centum, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
for the erection of houses, improvement of
their allotments of land, purchase of stock,
agricultural implements, seeds, and other bene-
ficial purposes, three thousand nine hundred
and seventeen dollars and two cents.
For transportation of goods, three thousand
dollars.
For this amount, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, at
such times and in such sums as he shall deem
expedient and necessary for the benefit of the
Wmnehago tribe of Indians, in improving their
lands, purchasing stock and agricultural im-
plements, erecting houses, providing schools,
and in any other way promoting their civiliza-
tion and comfort, the said amount to be taken
from the sum in the Treasury of the United
States belonging to said tribe, one hundred
thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
carry into effect the the ninth and tenth sec-
tions of the act of July fifteen, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, making appropriations tor
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, and for other purposes, in the
mariner therein provided, ten thousand and
seventy-one dollars and eighty-four cents, and
that the minor children of Sophia Foyles shall
be taken and deemed as within ihe purview
of said sections, and shall, through a lawful
guardian, be entitled to the benefits thereof;
and it is hereby declared to be the inten'ion
and meaning of said ninth and tenth sections
to authorize and direct the Secretary of the
Interior to cause to be patented to each and
every Winnebago Indian, lawfully resident in
the State of Minnesota at the date of said act,
in accordance with the conditions of said two
sections, an allotment of land, who have not
heretofore received the same in quantity
as provided in the treaty of April fifteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
Yakama Nation.
For third of'five instalments, of third series,
for beneficial objects, under the direction of
the President, per fourth article treaty of June
ninth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six
thousand dollars.
■ For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
support of two schools, one of which is to be
an agricultural and industrial school, keeping
in repair school buildings, and for providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty June ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
employment of one superintendent of teaching
and two teachers, per fifth article treaty of
June ninth, eighteen and fifty-five, three thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
employment of one superintendent of farming
and two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths,
one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and
one wagon and plow maker, per fifth article
treaty of June ninth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, eleven thousand four hundred dol-
lars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for
keeping in repair saw and flouring mills, and
for furnishing the necessary tools and fixtures,
per fifth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for
keeping in repair the hospital and providing
the necessary medicines and fixtures therefor,
per fifth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for
keeping in repair blacksmiths', tinsmiths',
gunsmiths', carpenters', and wagon and plow
makers' shops, and for providing necessary
tools therefor, per fifth article treaty of June
ninth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for Ihe
pay of a physician, per fifth article treaty of
June ninth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
one thousand two hundred dollars.
For thirteen of twenty instalments, for keep-
ing in repair the buildings required for the
various employees, and for providing the
necessary furniture therefor, per fifth article
treaty of June ninth, eighteen hundred and
fifty five, three hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
salary of such person as the said conl'e[de]-
rated tribes and bands of Indians may select
to be their head chief, per filth article treaty
of June ninth, eighteen hundred fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
GENERAL INCIDENTAL EXPENSES OP THE INDIAN
SERVICE.
For survey of Indian reserves under treaty
stipulations, fifty-five thousand dollars.
For the surveys of exterior boundaries of
Indian reservations, and subdividing portions
of the same, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars: And provided, That no part of this
appropriation shall be used for the survey of
the reserved lands of the Choctaws, Seminoles,
or Creeks, or of the lands of the Cherokees
east of the ninety sixth meridian, without the
consent of said Indians first expressed in open
council in the usual manner: And provided
further, That the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Laud Office may allow for surveying Grand
Ronde reservation the same as allowed for the
survey of other similar reservations in the
State of Oregon, out of any money heretofore
appropriated-for that purpose, should he deem
it just.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to pay the expenses of the
commission of citizens serving without pay,
appointed by the President under the provis-
ions of the fourth section of the act of April
ten, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, the sum
of fifteen thousand dollars; and said commis-
sion is hereby continued, with the powers and
duties heretofore provided by law : provided,
That any member of the board of Indian com-
