800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman yield for
a motion to adjourn ?
Mr, BRIGHT. If that is the pleasure of
the House 
Mr. KERR. I move that the House now
adjoin n.
Mr. McINTYRE. I desire to state that it
is und si-stood that this debate will be closed at
three o'clock on Tuesday nest. If we adjourn
now, we will lose the hour which we.can occupy
to-day.
Mr. KERR. If that is the ease I will with-
draw the raotitn to adjourn.
Mr. McINTYRE. That is the reason why
I felt constrained to oppose the motion to
adjourn at this time.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, is the motion
to adjourn withdrawn?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Poland.)
It is.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee yield for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. PERCE. I desire to say that the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. McIktybk] holds
the floor on an agreement among members ot'
the committee as 10 the discussion of the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is for the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. MoInttbe] to
say whether he will yield for a motion to
adjoun:.
Mr. -McINTYRE. The arrangement made
by the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr,
Pahkeb] was that we were to occupy the hour
this evening, and I do not fool willing to vio-
late that arrangement, because if an adjourn-
ment takes place now, we lose a part of the
hour. We prefer to occupy the time now,
rather than not occupy it at all.
Mr. BRIGHT addressed the House in re-
marks which will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. McINTYRE. I now yield for teu min-
utes to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Kim]
Mr. KING. As an introduction to what 1
have to say, 1 desire to have read the substi-
tute which I have proposed, and ou which I
wish to say a few words.
The Clerk read as follows:
A bill toopproprin.topnrton.ha proocetlsof thesulos
of tho public lands to uM in promoting public
schools in southern States.
He it tuitclp.fi U\i the Senate ttnd Iluwe of Ttepremnt-
ntivett o] Ihv United Stale* vf America in CovprcM
Cfixrmtilcd, Thiil. fifty per cent, of t.he net proceeds
arismir from Iho suIoh of tho public IuihIh, for the
pciimi of ten yearn fiom imtl niter tho 30th day of
July. 1872, m« hereby set. hpart ami granted to ten
soulhero ntimely, Virpritii i, North Oiirohna,
South t,-;iroliii:i, Geor*[:i, Alabauui. Mississippi,
I/oui-.inmi. IViiii(;s-.o(\ Ailcansns, ami Texas, to aid
in establishing ami promoting public schools iri said
States.
Sicc. 2. Thai the Secretary of tho Interior shall
on use a it account to bo taken upon f lie eloso of each
ftsoul yojr, duringsRKt period ol ten years, and ascer-
tain the total net proceeds arising trom tlio sales or
other disposition of the public l.iuds ol tho United
States, alter deducting all expenses and expend-
itures necessarily and lawfully incurred in tho sur-
vey, salo, location, entry, or other disposition of
said lauds forsaid year, and shall certify to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury tho amount of tho net cash
procoodsfrotu tho sale, entry, location, or otherdis-
position of such lauds as aforesaid, alter deducting
expenses Mm! expenditures, Ac.
Sec. 3. That upon the receipt of such certificate
the Secretary of tho Treasury shall cause fifty per
cent, of the amount so certified, tor each year of
said period, to be distiibuted and pi.id over to tho
States above named, m proportion to tho popula-
tion ot each ol said States respectively.
Sec. 4. Tlu't when the distributive share duo to
each of said States, for each of said years. shall bo
ascertained as above provided, the Secretary of the
Xreasury shalt transfer and pay the satno to such
persouur persousasshalt be appointed ordesignated
by actof tbeLegislatures respectively of said States
lor that purpose, upon such person or persons exe-
cuting to said Treasurer proper vouchers or reoeipts
tnorelor.
Mr. KING. Mr, Speaker, I propose in the
two or three minutes during which I shall
occupy the floor to call the attenlion of the
House, if members will be kind enough to give
me their attention, to the difference between
this substitute and the original bill. -
The original bill, sir, disposes of. the entire
proceeds of all of the public lands of the Uni-
ted States. The entire proceeds—there ia no
reservation whatever—of the sales of the pub-
lic lands for all time to come are disposed of
by the original bill. I agree, sir, with the
remark which has already been made in the
course of this debate, that this is one of the
most important propositions which can be sub-
mitted to this House. If this measure were
adopted, I would regard it as one of the most
important steps which the legislative branch
of this Government could take. I think, sir,
that the time has not yet come for this great
step to be taken in this country. I do not think
that the people of this country are prepared to
witness the final disposition of the proceeds of
the public lands of this country.
And why, sir, do I venture this assertion ?
Why, we have given away millions upon mil-,
lions of the proceeds of the public lands to
railroads. And now there is another interest
in this country which a great many of us think
to be just as important as railroads, and that
is the improvement of the navigation and har-
bors of our great interior rivers I claim that,
in justice to the navigation interest, the car-
riers who transport freight by water, they
should have a share in the disposition of this
fund as well as the railroads of this country.
I hold, sir, that there has been no expression
of the sentiments of the people of this country
to justify Congress in taking this important
step. I am opposed to the measure ut this
time. It is not a question that is before the
people of this country. It is not a question
in regard to which we have any instructions
whatever from our constituents.
So much for that point. Now, the proposi-
tion of the substitute which I have submitted
is to give a part of the proceeds of the public
lands to the ten States therein named. It
proposes to give them fifty per cent, for ten
years. And why do I propose this? Gentle-
men talk here as though there ought to be no
discrimination between the States and Territo-
ries in regard to this matter. Now, I claim
that we have been discriminating all the time
in the whole history of this country. We have
been discriminating in favor of railroads. And
1 claim that we ought to discriminate in favor
of the navigation of our southern rivers, and
that in this matter of education we should
discriminate in I'avor of the ten southern
Stales. It is admitted here on all hands that
these States are in the greatest want of schools
of any portion of this Union. I do not sup-
pose thero is a gentleman on this floor who
will pretend for a moment to deny that these
ten southern States here named are more in
need of assistance in'their educational opera-
tions than any other portion of this country.
That state of things has arisen as one of the
immediate results of this war.
It has been charged by gentlemen in this
debate that those States, as a general propo-
sition, are behindhand in the matter of edu-
cation; that they have not promoted their
common-school systems like other States.
Supposing that to be true, it, is an argument
to that extent that they should be helped.
And another fact to be remembered is that
there is a large population in those States,
numbering four millions of people, who have
recently acquired the rights of citizens, and
who have no education at all.
Well, now, sir, I submit that, as statesmen,
if we undertake to dispose of the proceeds of
the public lands at all, we ought to give the
southern States a chance, give them a start,
help them along in the great business of edu-
cating the four millions of people in their midst
now destitute of education. I am in favor of
discriminating in favor of the States whose
people are so much in need of education. We
ought, perhaps, to discriminate also in favor
of some of the new States that are coming in
out of the Territories. There may be some
discrimination due to them. But I am not in
favor of making a wholesale disposition of the
proceeds of these lands as this bill proposes.
It ia not just. It is not fair. There are other.
reasons which I eould assign in opposition to
this bill, but I did not rise with any inten-
tion of occupying the time of the House. My
object was simply to call attention to two or
three facts in regard to this matter, and having
done so, I now surrender the floor.
Mr. McINTYRE. I now yield ten minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Ckitcher.]
Mr. CRITCHER. Mr. Speaker, I shall not
attempt at this late hour of the day to discuss
this bill, which, in my opinion, is the most
important which has been brought to the con-
sideration of Congress at the present session.
I agree with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabarger] that no bill was ever presented
to a deliberative body more important than the
pending bill. It disposes, sir, in two lines, of
the whole domain of the Union, a domain
that is more extensive than all the States of
the Union; a question, sir, which I venture to
say is of greater importance than was ever de-
bated in the Parliament of England or in the
senate of imperial Rome. I shall not, there-
fore, attempt, in the brief time allowed me; to
discuss a measure of such vast importance.
But I desire, like some of those who have
preceded me, to refer to some remarks which
fell from the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] reflecting upon the sec-
tion of country to which I belong. I regret,
sir, that that gentleman has given occasion, by
departing I rom the legitimate line of argument,
for criticism from all quarters upon a course
which I must say, with all due respect, was
neither worthy of his intelligence or his char-
acter. He has gone out of the line ofkis argu-
ment to say that the "educated tyrants in tho
South had been more degraded than their
slaves by the former relations that subsisted
between the races." Well, now, I ask the
honorable gentleman if, in his former experi-
ence in Congress, he ever found a true repre-
sentative man from the South, in this or the
other branch of Congress, less educated and
less intelligent than himself and his associates
from Massachusetts? I ask him whether, from
the foundation of the Government to the pres-
ent moment, the representation from the State
of Virginia has been less intellectual and less
honorable than the representation from the
State of Massachusetts? Sir, I will- venture to
make a bold assertion ; I will venture to offer
a challenge to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and I will give way to him in my time
to let him answer me. 1 venture to say that
I can produce from my own little county, the
parish of my residence, an illustration of intel-
lectual superiorityand moral excellence which
he cannot parallel in the history of Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. HOA R rose.
Mr. CRITCHER. I will name them, and
you may then rise. Sir, if you will go with
me to my estate you will find that the adjoin-
ing estate ia Wakefield, the birthplace of
Washington; on the other side you will find
Stratford, the residence of " Light Ilorse
Harry," of glorious revolutionary memory.
Chantilly, which adjoins it, was the residenca
of Richard Henry Lee, the mover of the Dec-
laration of Independence and the Cicero of
the Ameiican Revolution. You will find in
that same parish the home of Charles Lee,
Washington's Attorney General, and ofPrancis
LightfootLee, the signer of the Declaration of
Independence. There, too, you will find the
home of Arthur Lee, the accomplished nego-
tiator of the treaty of commerce and alliance
between this country and France in 1778.
Riding in the opposite direction, you come
first, as I said, to the birthplace of Washing-
ton. Another hour's ride will bring you to the
birthplace of Monroe; another hour's ride to
the birthplace of Madison. Now, sir, if you
suppose the present generation in Virginia
unworthy ot their illustrious ancestors, if you
will, visit that estate, and look through the
lofty forests, you vviil descry the massive china-
