3488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
cisely the meaning of the term "express
freight; " but if I am right—and I desire the
Senator from Pennsylvania to correct me if
I ain wrong—where the Pennsylvania road
hires the cars to individuals, and when so
hired they are used to transport freight, it is
called "express freight."
Mr. CAMERON. It is not exactly as the
Senator from Maryland says. Everything is
not "express freight" that may be carried in
the cars. There are certain articles of small
bulk and great value which are called express
freight because they can afford to pay high
prices for rapid transportation. Sometimes
some companies hired the privilege to carry
that sort of freight to other companies ; others
do not. That is a mere arangement of their
own. They make such arrangements as will
be most profitable to themselves. The Sen-
ator of course knows that. Living in Fred-
erick, he sees these trains go by him con-
Btani ly.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland." It may be
fast trains 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Allow me to
■state that I once received an Alderney calf by
express, sent, all the way from Pittsburg to
Vermont. Now, if one can go by express, why
cannot a hundred ?
Mr. CAMERON. I will answer that. The
Senator knows very well why that was. It was
by Adams' express, who carry anything for
which they can get, a high price. I have no
doubt the Senator or his friends who sent the
calf paid a great deal more for that freight
than the calf was worth. I suppose it was a
present to the Senator from Vermont-
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I paid the
freight.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident, 1 say that I am not conversant with
transportation upon railroads, but "express
freight" is a very indefinite term. It may
mean fast, freight, or it may mean freight
according to the manner in which the Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company understands it.
You undertake to repeal by this very bill
before this body the provision to which 1 have
referred. As I understand the Senator from
Pennsylvania, he wants this bill passed with-
out dotting an i or crossing a t, and it, repeals
the authority for a depot, which we gave them
last, year, and provides for a passenger and
freight, depot right in the midst of the public
grounds, and right in the midst of your park,
and right upon the avenue, in fact.
Mr.. President, let members for a moment
look at the map I have here on a small scale
and see how it is. It is very easily under-
stood. Any gentleman here who will exam-
ine it will see the condition in which this
depot will leave the public grounds. Stand-
ing on Capitol Hill, looking west, you will see
lhat it cuts the park in twain. Right on the
highway south they are to make a turn. The
honorable Senator talks about railroad com-
munications south. Yon are going north.
When yon get down to the junction of Vir-
ginia and Maryland avenues, instead of look-
ing south, as my honorable friend would lead
us to think that he is doing, he is beginning
to look north. He turns a corner, and for
what? Why would he spoil this beautiful
park, these beautiful grounds, when there is
no occasion in his transit south? Why, Mr.
President, 1 ask you? It is easily answered.
I attribute nothing dishonorable to the Senator
,from Pennsylvania when I say it results from
a mean and seliish desire for pelf and for
money. The man who would come here and
for the sake of getting a passenger more for
his railroad than for another undertake to put
a depot beneath the shadow of your Capitol,
is " fit for treason, stratagem, and spoils ''
It is "spoils" he is after, and not the public
convenience. It. is a disgrace to human na-
ture ; it is dishonorable to man. These
public grounds have been dedicated to the
-people of the United States in laying out
the capital of this great land, that is to re-
main here, I trust, forever. These corpora-
tors, these monopolists, come into this heart
of the nation, and right within the shadow
of this great Capitol seize a part of our public
property. You can vote it to them if you
will.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator give
way for a moment?
Mr. HAMILTON, ofMaryland. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to make a mo-
tion that the Senate take a recess at half past
four o'clock, until half past seven.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow me to make a suggestion t,o him. I
think we had better keep on, say until be-
tween six and seven, and then adjourn. I
doubt whether the Senate will have a quorum
to-night.
Mr. CAMERON. There will be no trouble
about that.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator con-
sider? I know that he would not compel his
associates to come here this evening need-
lessly
Mr.' CAMERON. No.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better go
on now.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me make a sugges-
tion. This is not a very abstruse subject,; the
matter of it lies quite near; and I think the
Senate must have made up its mind substan-
tially. I suggest to the Senate tuat we had
better fix an hour, and get consent, if we can,
that the vote be then taken. That will dis-
pense with a recess, and relieve the Senator
from Massachusetts and others who do not
wish to come here this evening. Now, say
that an hour or two hence the vote be taken.
It is now four o'clock ; let, us say that at five
o'clock or half past five we begin to vote. I
hope nobody will object to that.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall not.
The PRESIDING OFKICER. Does the
Senator from New York ask consent to an
agreement, that the vole be taken at five o'clock?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; I propose that
it be understood that at five or half past five
we vote.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. On the
present amendment?
Mr. CONKLING. That general debate
cease, and we vole on this and all other amend-
ments.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object
to that.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
Senator from Maryland, does he wish this
bill to go over and occupy another day?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do not
know. 1 think it is an important proposition,
and we have various amendments to submit
to this hill.
Mr. CONKLING. I quite agree with the
Senator, and i only make the proposition in
the interest of all views, without siding with
either. Of course the Senator wants an
opportunity to have his amendments passed
upon, not, at an hour when the Senate will be
thin, bur, at,an hour when there will be a gen-
eral attendance ; and in that view I submit to
him that if lie will agree to a time to vote he
will lose nothing. 1 am quite willing, of
course, to come here this evening if we be
driven to it.. I hope the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, if he cannot get an agreement, will
insist upon an evening session, because this
bill ought not to go over and occupy another
diy or two.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I will say
to the honorable Senator from New York that
I am always willing to do what is right and
courteous about, these matters; but I do con-
sider this bill of some magnitude, and there-
fore 1 am for giving it some degree of consid-
eration. This bill was passed through the
House of Representatives, if I may allude to
the House—and I do not desire to beunpartia
meotary—without an opportunity of amend-
ing it at all, without an opportunity for debate.
Here we have had but one day. As I maintain,
a principle of this kind goes almost to the very
foundation of the present condition of things.
Are corporations to come here and override
all the legislation of the country ? I attribute
nothing improper to gentlemen; they have a
natural influence and power beyond that of
ordinary men; they come here; they inspire
sentiment and opinion and spirit and vitality.
You see it all around you. If you were dis-
cussing a tariff question, probably you would
not have three Senators here; if you were
discussing a great, revenue question, or a Ku
Klux bill, probably there would be very few
here unless, gentlemen supposed there was a
vote to be taken. But these are personal
bills, private bills, railroad bills, corporation
bills; they have a power to excite interest.
1 do not object to any gentleman feeling an
interest either for or against them ; and while
I am willing to agree to anything reasonable,
still I think we have had but a very short
period of time to discuss this bill. Other gen-
tlemen may want to speak in the time pro-
posed to be allotted by the honorable Sena-
tor from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator is making
his remarks chiellyin reference toa suggestion
which 1 believe I made. Therefore I ask his
attention. I am quite with him in the purpose
to have deliberate and full consideration about
this bill, which is an important one. Does-he
think, in the view which he has been sug-
gesting, that, it will be better for him by an
objection to bring on a night session, with
those here feeling special interest m it one
way or the other, but not with a very full Sen-
ate? Does he think that it will be better to
do that, than to fix upon an hour when any
amendment that he chooses to offer may be
debated, and when he will have an attendance
not only of all those especially concerned who
may have been addressed or appealed to, but
also of the whole Senate?
Now, J suggest to the Senator from Mary-
land that if his observations prove anything—
and there is great, force in them—it is that he
ought to seek a time when the session will not,
be confined to those who may by reason of
local interest, or acquaintance, or relationship
of some sort, feel especial interest in the ques-
tion, but when the whole Senate is likely to be
here, that he may have for the next two liouis,
aud at the same time accommodate the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts and other Senators
who are naturally averse to a night session
unless it is necessary.
I make this further suggestion to the Sen-
ator: we have reached a stage in the session
when no bill, although it, may be an important,
bill, no bill which is understood in its general
bearings will receive the consent of a majority
to drag from day t.o day in order that gentle-
men may indulge in general debate, unless by
reason of illness or some inability to go on
they appeal to the couitesy of the Senate.
Here is an important matter, but a simple
matter. I have taken no part in the debate.
I promise the Senator that f will waste no part
ol the lime if he agrees to fixing an hour to vote.
Cut it seems to trie if we would say that two
hours hence we may begin to vote we shall
get a much fuller consideration than we shall
if the proposition be objected to and a recess
ensues with a sitting out of the bill to-night.
I hope the Senator will revise his objection
and see if we cannot come to an understand-
ing.
Mr. HAMTLTON, of Maryland. I look at
it, in this view: that this bill ought, to take its
chance. If we get through with the bill by the
time it is proper to adjourn, so be it; I shall
offer no objection to such a course as that,.
Rut, why make this an extraordinary occasion ?
Here is a private bill; aud that it should have
been made the special oi'der for this day by a
vote of ih« Senate, to exclude the public busi-
i ness of the country, is remarkable enough.
