:I&72.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3489
That we are to devote a day or two days or
three days to this bill is for the consideration
of the Senate. If we discuss this question
Jwhen we come to the time of adjournment if
}t be proper to adjourn, so be it; let us adjourn
and take it up to-morrow if the Senate will;
and if not, not so.
Now, Mr. President, I will proceed. It has
been submitted, and better probably than I
can, and advocated by honorable Senators on
this floor, that there is great occasion for a
public park here. Let me say a word in respect
to that, both with regard to the location and
the necessity of a park. I know that in the
earlier settlement of this country our great
feities, except in the case of Boston alone,
made no provision for these great public
grounds. To remedy their errorin that respect
they have been spending millions upon mil-
lions'. The city of Nefr York, the city of
Philadelphia, the city of Baltimore, the city
off Cincinnati, have been spending millions to
remedy the errors of the past, and if public
parks were not required' or proper to be had,
why this vast unnecessary expenditure of
money ? In the case of Boston they in early
days devoted a large portion of ground to the
(mblie. That is invaluable now, and that con-
fers upon the people of that early day imperish-
able Credit for their sagacity.
■ In New York they did reserve some small
parcels of ground, but their great patk is out-
side of the city, far beyond its limits, where
people cannot readily get. It is not beeause
they desire it there, but because they have no
other place to put it. • So in the ;case of Phil-
. adelphia, with the exception Of that small por-
tion of ground called Independence Bquare
, they are obliged to go out. They did not pro-
vide in the past for the future. So in the case
of the city of Baltimore. They have been
Obliged recently to expend large sums of mouey
in order to obtain a pafk. But the forecast of
Washington, the founder of this city, looked
far: down the tide of time, and provided for
the1-wants of his people right in the heart of
the city'Where the people cou 1 d have access to
the public grounds. There is this reservation
set apart forever that they might enjoy it as a
public park. Shall we enjoy it as a public
park, or shall We yield it' now to that which
must destroy it as such, or at least go far to-
ward impairing its value ?
' Mr. President, parks are not of modern in-
vention either. Oar people who first settled
these great cities were utilitarians, it may be
said, and the Senator from Nevada spoke
about the loathsome situation of this park,
about the canal, the proximity to the river as
an argument against it, and urged that we
should yield it to the purpoaes of life for rail-
, road and other purposes. My honorable friend
- from New Jersey, in connection with the loca-
tion urged by the Senator from Massachusetts,
~ alluded to Rome. Rome provided parks. She
: had her Campus M&rtius and six others be-
sides. My honorable friend from Netv Jer-
sey spoke about the feelings of a person now
. going to Rome, and read from a very interest-
ing work to show- the conditiouof Koine where
they were without schools,., where they were
without engines, where, they were without our
present means of progress; but he forgot to
state that when the Campus Martius was dedi-i
cated to the use of the Roman people in that
. day of progress, it was dedicated that the peo-
■ pie might enjoy it. There we$e public, gar-
. dens; there were public parks ; there were
places of amusement in the great days of
ancient Rome. Nay more, the Camjms Mar-
-f tius was right by the banks of the liber; it
- was in the lowest part ot Rome like this. 1he
' Capitoline, the Quirinal, and the Pmcian hills
- made the Campus Martius adjoin the liber.
• It was loathsome at times; I have no doubt
it was swamped at times with water, but still
it was the famous public ground of Rome
where the people always_ enjoyed themselves
in far-gone times, and so it would be here.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No, 219.
We spoiled these public grounds with a
canal. We have now in their midst public
institutions, institutions of learning, of science,
of arts. We expect to have more. We expect
to have libraries. We expect to decorate and
ornament these grounds yet to belong to the
capital of this country, so that when people
come here they can go through and observe it
as the wonder pf the" world.' But" when you
undertake to spoil it, to decapitize it, to cut
off its limbs of its head, to cat off the Capi-
toline hill and the Capitol from the other parts
of your great' reservation, from your Wash-
ington pionument, from your Smithsonian
Institute, from your Agricultural Department,
and from all the other buildings you may put
there for public instruction, for public amuse-
ment, and for" ptthlic ornament, I object and
protest against it.
Mr. President, what are you' goin'g to put
there right in the midst of these public grounds?
Are you going to put there a magnificent build-
ing? My honorable friend from Pennsylvania
said that in architectural style it was to be
grand and great and beautiful j but you are
going to put right, there a railroad depot, aud
what is a railroad depot? What is it, aud
what does it do? Plant it within the grounds
of your Capitol; plant it by the Smithsonian
Institute ; plant it by the Agricultural Depart:
ment; plant it in your presidential grounds;
and what have you? The honorable Senator
from Nevada admitted that a railroad depot
does not naturally attract' ornamentation,' nor
the adornment of beauty, nor the residences
of individuals, nor anything of that kind. It
attracts business;, it attracts warehouses; it
attracts loafers; it attracts groggeries; it at-
tracts carriages; it attracts alt kinds of people.
That is the claps of people and that.is the kind
of a place you are going to put right in the midst
of your Campus Mar tius. , ,'
Will my honorable friend from New Yofk
go with me to the New Haven depot in New
York city, and .behold its surroundings. Is
this to be different? That depot is but a
short distance from the Fifth avenue, and
yet go there and see its surroundiuga. It is
obliged to have such surroundings, perhaps.
Did my honorable friend ever undertake to
get a breakfast there? I do not object to
these depots; they are necessities,; .but put
them where they belong. You see the sur-
roundings in the great city of New York, bat
a stone's throve almost from the Fifth avenue;
and yet when you go there what do you be*
hold?" Carriages and cars and freight -and
passengers^.and buildings devoted to any other
purpose than that of ornamentation or beauti-
fying the grounds. -W'illyou put such a build-
ing right here? Go ■ to ahe Eastern railroad
depot in Boston, if would ask the Senator
from Massachusetts, but a stone's throw from
the Revere House, and see the surroundings
of that depot. '' '
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator allow
a- motion for a recess, and let the Senate
determine whether it will sit ou or have a
recess? - .
Mr. SUMNER. Let us ait on until six
o'clock. ■ " '
Mr.SHERMAN. I ptefcrto have a recess,
and I ask a vote on the question, ' '
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Faurr,
of Michigan, in'the chaitO - Doesthe Senator
ftom Maryland yield for that purpose?
Mr. HAMILTON,', of Maryland. 'Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move" that at half past
four the Senate take a reoefis until''half'past'
seven ''
Mr." STEVENSON. I hope the Senator
from.Ohio will nob press that. We- were in
session fast night until nearly, eleven o'icjoek,
and' but ten Senators were present, and the
night before but about seven or eight. - ' '
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather far; do
that than sit here now until six o'clock With-
out a quorum.- All I wish is to take the sense
of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFIC13R. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that the Senate take a
recess from half past four until half pastseven
o'clock to-day.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—aves 22, noes 14.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and, nays were ordered,
Mr.- MOiiRlLjLi, of Vermont.^ I merely
desire" to «^iy that I have no disposition to take
up time myself to retard the passage of this
bill; but, I suppose—r~
Mr. S'fiERMAN. The motion is not de-
batable. 1 do not wish tojnt.orpose ; but it is
not, debatable piider the new rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Yermqnt. I beg pardon.
The quesiti6'n being taken by yeas and nays,
^esulteCH-yeas nays 24 ; as follows :
YEAB—Messrs. Boromon, Cuklwoll, Ciimcrdn,
Clayton, "Conkliiifc Corbutt, Flanagan. Frellndhuy-
BPn, Harlan, IKII, HiiobiiOelc, KollOffjt, Kelly, Lorci*,
Moi'too. .Norwood, Nye. Osbora,- Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, Snoneer, ^towiirt, Stockton, Tipton, Wear,,
Wilson . ana Windom—84.
JNASS—Messrs. BUit. Buckingham, Casworly,
Chandlor, Ooopor, D.ivis of West Virginia, Fenton,
I'V.rry of Miolngtm, GjUjort. Goldinwuitc. llurailton
of Maryland. Hamilton or Texas, Johnston, fiogan,
JlorriU of Vermont, Saulsbury, Solum, Spriigue,
St'ovonson, Sutmtor, Ihurmaa, Trumbull, Visitors,
aud Wright—24.
ABSENT—Umn. Aloorn, • Aow, Anthony,  ay-
ord, UjowhIqw, Carpenter, Cole, Cranio, Davis of
Kmituek/, Bttinuods, J?erry of ConnMttoiit, Hamlin,
Howe, Morrill of Maine', Patturson, and ttannoy—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
' The'VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland is entitled to the floor.
Mc. KliLLOSG. I ask the Senator from
Mary'l&nd'to give way.
Mr. MO it RILL, of'V«rnoont. If the Sen-
ator from Maryland will yield just a moment I
desire to say that I have several amendments
to.offe^ that I deem exceedingly important if
th,e amendment which is now pending should
hot be adopted, fvs I hope it will :be.
Mr. itELLOGG, I ask the -reading of the
bill that, cat^e from the House.
The )?ili i(H. K. No. 861) to prescribe the
time foe holding the electiou for choosing
electors, of president and Vice President in
the State of Louisiana for the year 1872, was
read by its title.
Mr. BLAlR. I object to (hat.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is the same bill that
passed the Senate.
Mr. BLAIK. I object to it on that account.
Mr. KELLOGG,. Vary well; I can object
as often.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be
no objection—there' appears to be no further
business—the recess Will now be taken, if the
Senator from Maryland, being entitled to the
floor, will give way for that purpose, as it is
within a minute of the time.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
takes a recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
, bxbodtivis communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, submitting,1 in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senat? of March 19,1872, estimates
of appropriations necessary for the n^ct fiscal
year to carry but th e rec om'm e n d ati o nsofthe
report of Captain Faunce, and render oper-
ative and effective the life-saving stations oa
the cbasts of 'New-Jersey' and Long Island ;
which was referred to the Couinnttee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
. liCONSUk'Alt and diplomatic! bill.
The' Senate' proceeded to consider its
amendments to the bill (H. R. No, 182S) mak-
ing appropriations for the consular and diplQ':
- miotic service of the Government for the year
