1872.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
169?
call the attention of the House to another
remark of the chairman of the committee who
reported this bill.
The SPE AKERpro tempore again called the
House to order, and compelled members to
take their seats; and in the mean time Mr.
Coxger went from the Republican to the
Democratic side of the House.
Mr. CONGER. I merely come to this side
of the House for change of position and better
air. [Laughter.] I was remarking that the
chairman of the committee who reported this
bill to the House made a statement, and I
call his attention to it, which is not a correct
one, in regard to the distance from the line
of the Lake Superior and Mississippi railroad.
If he will look upon the map he will find that
instead of the average distance being twenty-
eight miles, the distance varies from seventy-
nine miles down to, at the nearest point,
a distance of some seventeen miles. The
average distance is over sixty miles. The
Lake Superior road is all in the State of
Minnesota. ' This road is all in the State
of Wisconsin. I cannot understand why the
chairman of the Committee on the Public
Lands should not have been more careful to
make an accurate statement on this point
when he was reporting back the bill for the
consideration of the House.
Mr. KETCHAM. I have a communication
from the Commissioner of the Land Office
on which I based by statement.
Mr. CONGER. If the Commissioner of the
Land Office said that the average distance of
this road from the Lake Superior road was
twenty-eight miles, the Commissioner of the
Land Office is laboring under a mistake, as
the chairman of the committee is also laboring
under a mistake. Any gentleman may con-
sult the map and see this for himself. And
that average distance of fifty, sixty, and seventy
miles is through a region where the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Ketcham,] the military
chairman of the Committee on the Public
Lands, would be unable to make progress at
the rate of twelve miles a day with his pack on
his back. It is a hemlock and cedar forest, and
pine region; and that indicates what is the
character of the soil. More'than twenty-five
years ago my duties required that I should
become familiar with that region for some
considerable distance south of Bayfield, and I
know that for agricultural purposes a large
portion of it is-utterly worthless. I know that a
large portion as pine lands is utterly worthless.
1 know there are some good pine lands, and
if there were not some good pine lands there
would be no object in asking the grant for this
company; and there are intervales along the
streams of good agricultural lands. If there
were not the friends of the road would not be
here asking for the grant of it.
But the point I make in regard to this road,
independently of all grants and appropriations
to either road, does not relate to pig iron. It
does not relate to commercial intercourse with
Europe. It does not relate to that great con-
stituency of my friend from New York, [Mr.
Cox,] who are rolling in wealth, who are the
importers of the country, and do not care any-
thing about the hardships of the people in the
i emote interior. It relates to the necessity of
relieving the immediate pressing wants of a
class of our citizens who have gone into the
•wilderness on the pledge of this Government
that a railroad should be built through the
middle of that region.
I assert here to-day that my friend beside
me from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] whose heart
throbs always and bursts every few days in
his efforts on behalf of the homeless and the
landless, has forgotten his great life-long avo-
cation when he attacks the poor people of
northern Wisconsin, and attempts, as he does
here, by strategy and by energy, and by every
species of effort which the strongest man is
capable of making to defeat the wishes of the ,
42d Gong. 2d Skss.—No. 107.
poor people in northern and northwestern
Wisconsin. Sir, it is well when one's heart
is always ready to beat with tremendous pul-
sations on behalf of the good people and the
poor people of the country; and my friend
here has that kind of a heart. In his rather
diminutive body his heart is big and swelling
for the interests of the poor everywhere, but
especially for the poor who are myths, who
dwell nowhere, who live nowhere. [Laugh-
ter.] If we find poor, obscure, needy citizens
of the United States anywhere North or South,
and appeal to that great heart of my friend,
and appeal to his generous sympathies on their
behalf, he has no love and no sympathy for
them.
But his heart swells for that unknown por-
tion of God's creation, the poor that dwell
where no man can find them. [Laughter.]
My sympathies, sir, do not run in that direction.
If I can see a rich monopoly that is wronging
the people, and taking away their rights, lift-
ing its head above the surface, I too, with my
friend from Indiana, will shoot at it, but I will
shoot straighter. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Michigan must address the Chair.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, there are
some remarks which I have to make in order
to illustrate my subject and impress it upon
my friend that perhaps it would be unbecom-
ing in me to say to the Chair. [Laughter.] It
was to avoid being unparliamentary, and yet to
accomplish my object, that I made the gentle-
man from Indiana the recipient of such remarks
as my modesty would have forbade my address-
ing to the Chair. [Laughter.]
But, sir, 1 am talking about my sympathies
for those people. My friend from New York
[Mr. Cox] who did not talk against the bill,
except the pig iron clause of it 
Mr. COX. Oh, yes ; I did.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker—I address
you now—the gentleman says he did talk
against the bill, but I thought he did not. He
has no regard for these poor people in that
region of country. He ought to know them.
He ought in his travels through other lands to
have known what the poor suffer. I have
read his glowing description of the poverty of
Spain and Algeria. I have read it with pride
that, he could write so well and describe so
well the suffering, wants, and necessities of
the people thatdwell in foreign lands. I have
laughed with him at his description of the
donkey-riders and mule-riders there in that
region where they have no railroads and no
means of communication better than they had
a hundred years ago. I have smiled at his
pleasant descriptions ; and if he should travel
through the swamps of northern Wisconsin
he would thank God even for a little donkey
that could get him through the wilderness.
[Laughter.] His sympathy is not all-embrac-
ing. I know the gentleman loves the human
race, and yet it was but a few days ago in the
House thatone ofhis venerable Virginia friends
who lives on the other side of the Blue Ridge
came here to see him and looked around this
House, and looked up in that gallery at the
shadows clustering there, and talked with him
about the present situation of this House com-
pared with what it was fifteen years ago, the last
time his venerable old friend met him here.
And they talked about the situation of the peo-
ple who have got in here since then. His old
friend said that it was different now from what it
was when he used to come here and found gen-
tlemen in Congress, and gentlemen riding m the
streets, andgentlemen holding office under the
Government, when the white race controlled
things here. And how faithfully he depicted
the beautiful old days that are past; and he
said, "Now there is a darkey in the Senate,
or was, or has been." He said to my friend
here, "Now there are negroes in the House, j'
[Laughter.] He said, "Now negroes sit
around the gallery ; they never did so when I
used to come here and meet the first families
of Virginia in the Halls of Congress."
Oh, sir, I went with my sympathizing friend
and his friend out into the Rotunda, and he gajt
down on a seat before that picture of Wash-
ington surrendering his sword, and his old
friend, overcome with grief from what he had
seen here, sat down and looked at the Father
of his Country, and said, addressing Wash-
ington, "George, my father was your friend,
and we belonged to the first families of Vir-
ginia, your faLher and my father did, George.
[Laughter.] But it is no1 use our staying in
Washington any longer. Another race has
come, respectable people are driven out, the
first families are gone, George. [Laughter.]
There are negroes in the street ears, negroes
in the Senate, negroes in the House, negroes
in the galleries, darkness everywhere,George."
[Laughter.] I will not say that roy friend
from New York [Mr. Cox] sympathized with
him, but the tears stood trembling in his eyes
as he looked up to the painting, and my friend,
looking on, heard him say in that doleful
voice, "George, this is no place for respect-
able people ; go up, George, go up, and take
your place between the Saviour and Mary Mc-
Daniel," [laughter,] and so the gentleman
and his New York friend went sorrowing on
their way. He sympathizes with the old fam-
ilies of Virginia, but he does not sympathize
with the poor settlers of Wisconsin, or he
would vote for this bill. [Laughter.] He
had better "go up."
Now, what I have to say further is simply
this: I wish to impress it upon the House that
in voting against this bill, or in voting for
these onerous amendments to the bill, they are
voting to deprive the poor settler of northern
Wisconsin of the means of access, egress and
ingress to the land for which he has paid a
double value.
And more than that, as I could show, if I
had time, to the satisfaction of any lawyer in
this House, unless he was purposely set against
being convinced, you are voting to restore this
land grant to a position where the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company must cover it with
their grant. No man dare deny that propo-
sition. These lands may revert to the United
States; they shall revert to the United States
upon the non-completion of this grant, it is
true.
Upon all occasions when, upon the failure
of a grant by Congress, the United States have
taken back those lands which were reserved
under the grants, I have remained silent. But
this is the very first time when this Congress
or any other Congress has refused to extend
the time for the completion of a lailroad more
than half built, a road that runs through a
wilderness, the settlers along the line of which
are daily petitioning Congress through their
Representatives and urging upon us to extend
the time a year or two longer so that the road
may be completed.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me a
question ?
Mr. CONGER. A question, yes.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman vote for the
amendment offered by my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] to-day, as he says he is in favor
of the actual settlers ?
Mr. CONGER. I will vote to protect the
settler and the poor man as I have always done,
and, God willing, as I always expect to do.
Mr. COX. We will want your vote on that.
Mr. CONGER. But I will not vote to de-
feat the object of this bill, and leave these
settlers there in au inaccessible wilderness.
Mr. COX. Then do not make so many pre-
tensions in favor of the poor mail.
Mr. CONGER. 1 make pretensions which
I ordinarily back up by my votes.
Mr. COX. Well, I will watch yourvote for
that.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman is at per-
fect leisure to do so, and I venture to say it
