1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
neys of the baronial mansion that witnessed
the birth of Robert E. Lee. Now, sir, I ask
you to find in the whole State of Massachusetts
such illustrious names as I have given you, of
those who lived in my little county.
Mr. HOAR. As the gentleman from Vir-
ginia lias invited me to rise, I will say, in a
sentence that I did not criticise either the
intelligence or the elegance of the educated
tyrants of whom I spoke. I alluded to a gen-
eration of men who whipped women, begat
little children and sold them into slavery, and
who rebelled against the institutions that those
great men created.
Mr. CRITCHER. I challenge the gentle-
man to parallel the names I have mentioned;
he cannot do it from the whole history of
Massachusetts. I desire the dedication of the
proceeds of the public lands to the purposes
of education ; 1 think it would promote a
beneficent object; and at the same time I
would withdraw that fund from the importu-
nate and incessant demands of local and cor-
porate authorities. I object most positively to
the provision attached to this bill which creates
conditions upon which this fund may be en-
joyed. Why do you not dispose of the whole
proceeds of the public lands in this direction?
Why invest but one half of them for this pur-
pose? lam in favor of the distribution of the
whole fund and placing it at the disposal of the
people of. each State in order that their local
representatives, who know best, may apply the
fund to their own peculiar wants.
Then there is another thing: under this bill
no State can receive any portion of this fund
unless the Legislature thereof will first engage
to educate every child between six and sixteen
years of age within the limits of the Common-
wealth. That is an impossibility. In that
way the fund would be withheld from the very
States where the expenditure would be most
essential.
In regard to the constitutional argument, I
decline to enter upon it. Therefore, having
made these few remarks, which indicate rather
the general opinion I entertain upon this bill
than any constitutional argument upon if, I
will yield the floor, thanking my friend from
Georgia [Mr. McIxtyre] for the time he has
allowed me, only saying that I am in favor of
the substitute he has indicated his purpose to
offer.
Mr. McINTYRE. Mr. Speaker, I regret
very much that this discussion has assumed
the character it has; that gentlemen have per-
mitted themselves to indulge in personalities.
I had hoped that the magnitude of the questions
involved, that the importance which should
be attached to those questions, would com-
mand the attention of this House, and that
they would be prepared to look into these
questions, so many of them springing out of
the radical proposition to distribute the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands, and that
they would also look to the details of this bill,
and see whether or not they were consistent
with the words of the Constitution, with the
principles ot' the Constitution of the United
States, from which this Congress derives its
powers, from which it derived all its powers.
Congress has no powers unless they come
through that Constitution. This House is not
authorized to hold its session to-day unless
that old instrument, which I have been taught
from infancy up to the present time to revere,
gives them that power.
I regret to have to say to my distinguished
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Towxsexd,]
who addressed the House to-day, that he lias
sought to place me in a false position. He
iwked the question, why is Georgia opposed to
education ; why is the gentleman from Georgia
opposed to education? Why, sir, I made the
distinct announcement the other day to him,
and to every other member of this House who
was present to hear it, that I favored educa-
tion. Had I not, by the very substitute which
I proposed to this House, asked Congress to
42d Cono. 2d Ses<*.—No. 51.
increase the means proposed to be given by
the present bill? The gentleman says, give
one half; I say give the whole. Yet he charges
me with being opposed to education in Geor-
gia! I declared the other day, and I declare
again to-day, that I would be glad to see every
child in Georgia educated. I am willing to
indorse every word that I have heard uttered
in this House since I have been here in favor
of the education, not only of the whites, but
of the blacks. Let them all be educated ,• let
them all be elevated thereby, and raised to
such a standard that they can appreciate their
rights under the Constitution and the laws.
In the little time that I have I do not pro-
pose to detain the House by dwelling in detail
upon the points which I made the other day;
but I may be allowed to enlarge upon one or
two suggestions which I then submitted. I
said then that the rights of the Congress of the
United States are fully defined and set forth
in the Constitution ; that in that instrument
the powers delegated to Congress, as well as
the powers prohibited to the States, are defined,
and that all powers that are not delegated to
the Congress of the United States or prohibited
to the States are reserved to be exercised by
the States.
Now, sir, I do not object to the main idea
of this bill, which proposes to consecrate this
fund to educational purposes; it is the details
of the bill to which I object. I say that they
are inconsistent with the provisions of the
Constitution; they are inconsistent with the
rights and the dignity of the States. Will any
man in this House say that the people of his
own State have lost the power of self-govern-
ment ; that they must be controlled or super-
vised by the Congress of the United States?
Has the State of Wisconsin lost that power
which it has been exercising for years past to
regulate the common schools? Has the State
of New York lost its ability to control this
great question of the education of its people?
Upon which of the States can it be charged
that it has not the intellect and the patriotism
to go forward in the great work of education,
and carry it on just as effectually as can the
Congress of the United States?
Why, sir, Congress already has more to do
than it can do properly. It does not half do
what it pretends to do. Yet you want to mul-
tiply its duties. Why, sir, this Committee on
Education and Labor is, if I may be allowed
the expression, nothing in the world but a sort
of fungus or excrescence that has grown upon
the body-politic within the last few years. It
was not known when Webster and his^com-
peers were in the Congress of the United
States. When great men who once occupied
places in Congress have failed to bring for-
ward such measures as this, I feel that it is too
late at this day for us to do it; and I say that
this excrescence ought to have applied to it
the surgical knife of legislation and be cut oft.
Sir, I want to invite every man in this House
to refer to the original grants of cession made
by Virginia, Georgia, and North Carolina.
Examine what they said in those grants. In
what form was the grant made? \ irginia pro-
vided that the lands granted should be appro-
priated for the common use of the States of the
United States, the State of Virginia included.
North Carolina and Georgia repeat the same
declaration. The donation of the Mississippi
country was made to the States of the United
States; the language "Government of the
United States" was never used. It is set forth
in those articles of cession that the (lener&l
Government shall appropriate the grant in good
faith. Nowj I put it to every man in this House
whether Congress has acted in good faith
toward these States in giving away nearly two
hundred million acres of the public domam to
monster corporations for the purpose 01 rnnns-
teringto private profit? Where was the justice
in that? I have said if they are not admmis-
tered by faithful men go back and divide them
out among the States. Give them to the States,
and they will manage them right. They will
appropriate these lands where necessary for
the purposes of education. If they do not
appropriate them in that way or for that inter-
est, let them appropriate them for suck other
public services as the exigencies of the several
States may require.
Mr. Speaker, I regret I have not time to go
on and enlarge on this question; but I do
desire to say something about the State of
Georgia. Something has been said in this
debate about the State of Georgia. My distin-
guished friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Towtf-
sestd] said every other one in that State is
illiterate. That may be true. It is only within
the last few years that the negro people have
been disenthralled from slavery. They have
been manumitted. I have no complaint to
make of that. I do not speak to-day of it, but
that accounts for much of the illiteracy of the
people of Georgia. They are always ready to
educate the people. It cannot be imputed to
her Legislature that it is not always ready to
do what is necessary for the welfare of the
people. To show that my people are earnest
in this matter, I have only to state that within,
the last twenty or thirty days the Legislature
of Georgia has appropriated some three hun-
dred thousand dollars for the education of the
people there.
How do we stand there? I wish to say a
word more about my own State of Georgia.
I do not wish you to think I am complaining.
I came here on a mission of peace. I do not
coine here to provoke strife or to stir up angry
passions. I should like to heal up the old
wounds and close them up forever. But I will
say that not only have other southern States
been afflicted, as the distinguished gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Voorhf.es] has said, by
State governments set upon their apex instead
of upon their base, but the State of Georgia
has been especially so afflicted. She has griev-
ously suffered from that sort of State adminis-
tration—I mean the administration of a " car-
pet-bag" government. I wish to say to the
House, and through the House to the whole
country, that the State of Georgia has passed
from the government of the " carpet-baggers"
into the hands of a government of her own
people. To-day Georgia is under the control
of the good, true, and patriotic men of that
State, under the control of men born within
her limits. She has a Governor born within
her own limits. A majority of her Legislature
is composed of men born within her limits.
The people therefore now look for a good and
proper administration of the State government.
All Georgia wants is to let her alone, and in a
few vears she will get back to the proud posi-
tionshe occupied informer times, in being the
Empire State of the South. I only need to call
attention to the coat of arms of that State
emblazoned upon the ceiling of this Hall. It
is the Constitution supported by three great
pillars designated as '-wisdom/' "justice,"
and •' moderation." That is what we look for.
That is what we expect under the present
administration of the State government m
Georgia. We believe the Governor and Legis-
lature will control affairs there with wisdom,
justice, and moderation.
1TILLIA1I G. IIALPINE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a message from the
President of the United States, transmitting,
in compliance with a resolution of the House
of Representatives, information in relation to
the Fenian prisoner, William G. Halprne:
which was referred to the Committee on l'or-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
TARIFF.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
i sent, laid before the House a communication
l; from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
'! ting a report of the Chief of the Bureau ol
li Statistics on the tariff legislation of the United
