802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
States; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
STEPHEN II. liOGARDUS, ETC.
The SPEAKER also, by unanirnousconsent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in reference !.o Stephen
H. Bogardus, late second lieutenant of the
fourth infantry, and L. L. O'Connor, late first
lieutenant of the third cavalry; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
SURVEYING EXPENSES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting estimates
for the appropriation required during the
ensuing fiscal year for clerical hire in the sev-
eral surveying districts; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
SOLDIERS' DISCHARGE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to soldiers discharged
on the ground of minority; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
SBTH M. WRITTEN.
The SPEAKER also, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the case of Seth
M. Whitten, formerly a private of company
K, fourth Michigan volunteers; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
WISCONSIN AND VOX IHVHKS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a resolution of Ihe Legis-
lature of the State of Nebraska, in relation to
the improvement of the Wisconsin and Fox
rivers; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON, ETC., RAILROAD COMPANY.
The SPEAKER, also, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the presi-
dent of the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company, transmitting a report of the
transactions of said company during the year
ending December 31, 1871 ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
WHITMOllK VS. HEltNDON.
The SPBAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House testimony in the con-
tested-election ease of Whitmore vs. Herndon,
first congressional district of Texas ; which was
referred to the Committee ol' Elections.
JAMKS II. 51 VICItS AND OTHERS.
Mr. DONNAN, by unanimous consent ob-
tained leave to withdraw front the liles of the
House papers in the ease of James H. Myers
and others.
I,HAVE OF ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent—
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, obtained leave of
absence for two days.
Mr. ORR obtained leave of absence until
Tuesday next.
Mr. PERRY, of New York, obtained leave
of absence until Tuesday next.
JAMES J. FERRIS.
Mr. BIRJ), by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House
the petition of James J. Ferris, and accom-
panying papers.
stephen hull.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House the papers in the case of Stephen
Hull.
DUTIES ON WOOLS AND WOOLENS.
Mr. LAMPORT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a resolution relating to the duties
.on wools and woolens; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. McGREW. I move that the House
now adjourn.
educational fund.
The SPEAKER. Pending the motion to
adjourn, the Chair desires to state that the
bill under consideration to-day (H. R. No.
1042) to establish an educational fund, and
apply the proceeds of the public lands to the
education of the people, goes over under the
order of the House until Tuesday next at
half past one o'clock.
Mr. LOWE. I offer the following amend-
ment to the pending bill, for the purpose of
having it printed:
Add to section four the following:
Provided, That where any State, under the laws
thereof, takes a regular census of its population at a
period intermediate the regular periods for taking
the United States census, tne apportionment to such
State after such census is taken shall bo in propor-
tion to its population, so ascertained, until the next
succeeding census under the laws of the United
States.
session op saturday.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House
the session of to-morrow will be for debate
only, as in Committee of the Whole, no busi-
ness whatever to be transacted. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Hay] will occupy the
chair.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to.
And accordingly (at five o'clock p. m.) the
Ilouse adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ACKER: The memorial of the
workers in the Lehigh Iron Company's works,
and citizens of Salisbury township, Lehigh
county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against a
change of existing tariff laws, &c.
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of Judith
Dnnham, mother of George L. Denham, for
a pension.
By Mr. BUFPINTON: The memorial of
Ebenezer F. Nye and 27 others, heirs to ori-
ginal claimants of the French spoliation
claims, praying the payment of their claims.
By Mr. liUELL: The petition of J. R. D.
Clendeunin and 20 others, soldiers, of Jeffer-
son county, Ohio, praying the passage of a
bounty-land law, and an equalization of bounty.
Also, the petition of William McMullen and
30 others, soldiers, of Wheeling, West Virginia,
praying an equalization of bounties and a
bounty law.
By Mr. ELY : The petition of 325 retail to-
bacco dealers of New York, for relief from
unjust taxation.
By Mr. F1NKELNBURG: The petition of
George Menz, late a sergeant in company A,
first United States Reserve corps, for arrears
of pension.
Also, the petition of 83 tobacco dealers of
the city of New York, for a uniform rate of
tax.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan : The peti-
tion of soldiers of Michigan, asking Congress
to amend the homestead law of 1870, so as to
place all on an equal footing.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Abel Willard, J. B. Dana, and
others, of Cambridge, Massachusetts, asking
the repeal of the tax on savings institutions
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of Miss
Clara G. Scott and others, praying compensa-
tion for services rendered soldiers during the
war of the rebellion.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of pen-
sioners of Indiana and other States, for pay-
ment of pensions through postmasters.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of Sarah
W. Wharton, for a pension.
By Mr. ROOSEVELT: The petition of
tobacco manufacturers, for a uniform tax.
By Mr. SHANKS: A remonstrance and
appeal of the Choctaw nation of Indians,
against proposed violations of solemn and
reiterated engagements, compacts, and assur-
ances made with and given to the Choctaw
people by the United States, and against the
proposed infraction, by violence and force, of
their vested rights of property and the pro-
prietorship of their lands.
By Mr. SNAPP: The petition of Anderson
W. Scott, with accompanying papers, for a
pension.
By Mr. STORM: The petition of Elizabeth
Laury and 9 others, widows of soldiers of the
war of 1812, asking the passage of an act giving
them a pension.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The memorial and
claim of William H. Allen.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of'Joseph
Heep and 37 others, workers in the Cleveland
woolen mills, against abating or abolishing
duties on articles successfully produced in this
country, and for the repeal of the duties on
tea and coffee.
POST ROUTE BILLS INTRODUCED.
The following were introduced, under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. CROSSLAND: A bill declaring the
road from Dixon to Claysville, via Providence,
in the State of Kentucky, a post route.
By Mr. WALDEN : A bill for a post route
from Florence, via Robin and Doebell, to
Shellsburg, in the State of Iowa.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: A bill forapostal
route from Owenton by Squiresville to Spring-
port, Kentucky.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 3, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.,
Mr. Hay occupying the chair as Speaker
pro tempore.
Praver by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D.f D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
meets to-day, by order, as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for debate
only, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Killingeu] is entitled to the floor.
iron-workers' memorials.
Mr. KILLINGER. Mr. Speaker, I have
sought the floor at this time in order that I
might bring to the notice of the House and
the country a subject of great importance
to my constituents. That subject is indicated
and forcibly stated in the numerous me-
morials which I have presented during the
last week. The memorialists state they are,
for the most part, iron-workers, which desig-
nation includes mechanics, skilled laborers,
and others engaged in the manufacture of
iron, iron machinery, and the various branches
of industry of which that metal forms a com-
ponent part. They respectfully remonstrate
against any change in the existing revenue
laws which shall reduce or abolish the duties
upon such articles as are successfully produced
in this country.
In thus presenting the subject to the consid-
eration of Congress, the workingmen of my dis-
trict have exercised a right common to every
American citizen, and are entitled to respect-
ful consideration. These men represent a
class of persons who in a large degree are the
producers of our national wealth, and are the
kind of men upon whom rests finally a great
share of the burdens of national taxation.
Their hands are brown with honest toil, their
brows are moist with the sweat of honest labor,
and I desire to suggest that they are as much
entitled to a hearing here and in the committee-
rooms of Congress as the hired emissaries of
