1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4387
Mr. KELLY. I misunderstood the Chair.-
I would like to have the amendment read then.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Chair may be right
and I may be wrong, but what I intended to
do was to ask that the amendment be read
in connection with the bill, so that we could
see where it was to come, in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
then has been very unfortunate in misunder-
standing the Senator from New Jersey. The
Chair understood him distinctly to say that he
desired that, the bill be read at length, and the
decision of the Chair must have informed the
Senator from New Jersey that that was the
view the Chair took of it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I said that the Chair
might be right and I might be wrong, but my
object was to have the amendment read in
connection with that part of the bill to which
it related, so that I could understand the re-
lation of the amendment to the bill. If I was
wrong and the Chair was right, of course I sub-
mit to the Chair's decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The debate
shows that the Senate took the view the Chair
did that the demand of the Senator from New
Jersey was that the bill should be read at
length. The Chair stated distinctly that on
its first, second, or third reading it could be
read at length, and of course any remarks as
to the first, second, and third reading of a bill
could not apply to an amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON. I did ask for the read-
ing of the bill. I then asked, if I recollect
aright, for the reading of the amendment in
connection with that part of the bill to which
it referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
made no decision on that point.
Mr. STOCKTON. If the Chair made no
decision on that point I will take my seat;
but that is the precise point made by the
Senator from Oregon.
Mr. KELLY. I desire to have the amend-
ment read in connection with the law which it
proposes to amend, because each Senator has
not a copy of the statute before him. It is, as
I conceive, a very material amendment, one
that is of great importance, one that may affect
the whole country, and therefore I shall like
to have it read in connection with the existing
law, so that each Senator may know exactly
what he is voting upon, and especially have the
reading of it in connection with the law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator wiil send to the Secretary's desk what he
desires to have read it will be read.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no objection to
the amendment being read : but the bill is now
under consideration, and all the amendments
that have been agreed to are under considera-
tion, and an amendment that is pending is not
under consideration when a motion is made
to postpone the bill indefinitely. If the amend-
ment was under consideration, the five minutes
rule would apply; but a motion to postpone
indefinitely brings the bill under considera-
tion, and not an amendment which is merely
pending.
Mr. KELLY. I understand that the motion
to postpone indefinitely, if it prevails, carries
this amendment with it, and 1 desire to know
exactly what the proposed amendment is in
connection with the existing law, because I
wish to predicate an argument on that point.
Mr. CONKL1NG. May I be allowed to
make a suggestion to the Senator? If he wishes
any such paper read as a part of his remarks,
having the right to read it himself, by courtesy
at least he has a right to have an associate in
the Senate or the Secretary read it for him.
Therefore if that is his purpose, if he will only
Bend to the Chair what he wants read, I am
sure he will hear r.o objection to its being read.
Mr. KELLY. Has the Secretary the amend-
ment before him?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator desire to have the entire statute read.
Mr. KELLY. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The sec-
tion to which this amendment applies ?
Mr. KELLY. The various sections to
which it applies.
Mr. BO REMAN. I submit that it is notfor
the Secretary to hunt up all the parts of a law
a member wants read. I suggest that if the
Senator from Oregon wishes any particular
section of the statute read he should indi-
The' PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon has indicated what he wishes
read—-the section to which this amendment
applies. The Senator from Oregon has a right
to read it as part of his remarks, and the cour-
tesy of the Senate allows him to have it read
by the Secretary.
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not object to that;
but it is not for the Secretary to hunt out what
a Senator wishes to have read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has indicated, as the Chair understands,
what he desires to have read.
The Chief Clerk read section two of the act
of February 28, 1871, as follows:
" Sec. 2. And lie it further enacted, That whenever
in any city or town having upward of twenty thou-
sand inhabitants, there shall be two citizens thereof
who, prior to any registration of voters for an elec-
tion for Representative or Delegate in the Congress
of the United States, or prior to any election at
which a Represent!),tive or Delegate in Congress is
to be voted for, sha,ll make known in writing to the
judge of the circuit court of the United States for
the circuit wherein such city or town shall be, their
desire to have said registration, or said election, or
both, guarded and scrutinized, it shall be the duty
of the said judge of the circuit court, within not less
than ten days prior to said registration, if one there
be, or, if no registration be required, within not less
than ten days prior to said election, to open tho said
circuit court at the most convenient point in said
"circuit. And the said court, when so opened by said
judge, shall proceed to appoint and commission,
from day to day and from time to time, and under
the hand of the said circuit judge, and under the
seal of said court, for each election district or voting
precinct in each and every such city or town as
shall, in the manner herein prescribed, have applied
therefor, and to revoke, change, or renew said ap-
pointment from time to time, two citizens, residents
of said city or town, who shall be of different politi-
cal parties, and able to read and write the English
language, and who shall be known and designated
as supervisors of election. And the said circuit
court, when opened by the said circuit judge as
required herein, shall therefrom and thereafter, and
up to and including the day following the day of
election, be always open for the transaction of busi-
ness under this act. and the powers and jurisdiction
hereby granted and conferred shall be exercised as
well in vacation as in term time; and a judge sitting
at chambers shall have the same powers and juris-
diction, including the power of keeping order and
of punishing any contempt of his authority, as when
sitting in court."
Mr. KELLY. I do not understand the read-
ing of the Clerk as embracing the proposed
amendments. I desire to have the section
read as it will stand when it shall have been
amended according to the proposition now
pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Chair
understands it would take some time for the
Secretary to write in the amendments and get
the statute in the shape in which it will stand
if these amendments be made.
Mr. KELLY. I will then refer to it myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER". The Secre-
tary has not before him the statute as it would
read if amended, but only the statute itself
and the amendment of the Senator from Louis-
iana, which the Senator from Oregon also has
before him.
Mr. KELLY I proposed to say something
upon the vast expense that will necessarily be
entailed upon the country if this proposed
amendment should become a part of the bill
and ultimately become the law of the land.
I know there is one clause in the proposed
amendment which would seem to indicate that
there will be no increase of expense upon the
country. 1 will read it myself, commencing
on the seventeenth line of the second page, in
these words:
Also insert after the words " supervisors of elec-
tions" the words " who shall serve without compen-
sation unless appointed in cities and towns of twenty
thousand inhabitants or upward."
I do not know exactly in what connection
these words will come in the present law when
it is amended ; and that was one reason why
I desired to have the whole statute reported
from the Clerk's desk if it were amended as
it is proposed to amend it. The existing law
provides:
"And the said court, when so opened by said judge,
shall proceed to appoint and commission, from day
to day, and from time to time, and under the hand
of said circuit judge and under the seal of said
court, for each election district or voting precinct
in each and every such city or town as shall, in the
manner herein prescribed, have applied therefor,
and to revoke, change, or renew said appointment
from time to time, two citizens, residents of said city
or town, who .shall be of different political parties,
and able to read and write the English language,
and who shall be known and designated as super-
visors of election."
I presume that is where this amendment
comes in. I would inquire of the honorable
Senator who offered the amendment if that is
where he expects it to come in, but I see he
is not present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can inform the Sen-
ator that the present law is confined to cities
of twenty thousand inhabitants and upward,
but this amendatory proposition allows them
to be appointed in other election districts, and
all supervisors appointed under this act will
be embraced in the words the Senator has
read, "who shall serve without compensa-
tion." Every officer appointed under this act
will serve without compensation, leaving the
provision for compensation to apply to those
appointed under the original law.
Mr. KELLY. It would seem that no com-
pensation is to be paid to all the supervisors
who may be appointed under this provision ;
but I submit to every Senator who hears me
that it cannot be expected that there will be a
distinction made between those who wish to
serve their country in this capacity. By the
existing law it is provided that each person
seiviug in this capacity shall receive for each
day's service the sum of five dollars, and not
to exceed fifty dollars for the time he may be
occupied in examining the registration and
attending to the election and in counting the
votes.
Mr. KELLOGG. If my friend will permit
me, I will state that this amendment expressly
proposes in the nineteenth line, on the second
page, to insert after the words "supervisors
of election" in the existing law the words
"who shall serve without compensation, un-
less appointed in cities and towns of twenty
thousand inhabitants or upward." The ori-
ginal law provided for the appointment of
supervisors in towns of twenty thousand in-
habitants. This act creates additional super-
visors, but expressly, as I have read, pro-
vides that they shall serve without compen-
sation.
Mr. KELLY. I understood it very well
before the explanation, and before the honor-
able Senator came in I read that clause. But
I put it to him, and to every Senator here,
whether it can be expected that, while in cities
of twenty thousand and upward, eveiy person
who serves at each election precinct shall be
paid five dollars a day, or fifty dollars for the
number of days he will be occupied in and
about the registration and about the election
at any one time, those appointed elsewhere
are to have nothing? Is it right that one class
of citizens should serve and be paid and
another should serve and not be paid ? Let
me say to the honorable Senator the time
will certainly come, if these men are appointed
to discharge this duly and receive no compen-
sation, that we shall be called upon to irake
compensation to them. It cannot be expected
that any man's services are to be taken by the
public without just compensation. There is a
provision in the Constitution of the United
States that no man's property shall be taken
without making him just compensation for it;
and so, though it is not expressed in the Con-
stitution itself in so many words, yet it is an
undeniaBle principle of elementary law that
