1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
British, free trade and the paid agents of im-
porters and monopolists.
It has been frequently urged as an objection
to the present revenue system that it was cal-
culated to enrich capital and foster monopo-
lies, while it oppressed the laboring men and
mpoverished honest industry. Now, sir, these
memorialists speak from some practical knowl-
edge on these points, and they realize the
l'aet that their prosperity depends on the
maintenance of the protective features in that
system. And so far, indeed, as such articles
as we are successfully producing in this coun-
try are concerned, the results of American
labor, ingenuity, and capital, there ought to be
no two opinions on the subject in the American
Congress. We ought all to stand together in
the recognition of the right of our home indus-
try to protection in the framing of our laws
to raise revenue, which was accorded to it in
the first act passed by the First Congress of
the United States, and approved by the first
President, Ceorge Washington.
To the workingmen, whether in iron or in
any other branch of industry, this is a question
of the first importance, involving as it does their
■wages, their very subsistence, their daily bread.
Plenty of work and fair wages go haud in hand
with a prosperous condition of affairs in the
country. Scarcity of work and low wages are
the certain results of panic, financial derange-
ments, and free trade. No one need suppose
that they are mere mud-sills, and unable to
comprehend this question. It is true they
have not very generally learned the elements
of their political economy in books and re-
views. Their knowledge of the subject is
eminently practical, and their experience has
been dearly purchased. They are for the most
part well informed and intelligent citizens,
and many of their kind are to-day occupying
responsible positions in the Government.
In this country "the ruler" and " the ruled"
are convertible terms. So the laborer of to-
day becomes the capitalist of to-morrow. We
all, therefore, have an equal stake in society and
government, and are all equally interested in
the adoption of wise laws and beneficent legis-
lation. They are not, therefore, merely acting
on the suggestion or by the dictation of their
employers. In good old Pennsylvania capital
does not yet own labor in any such offensive
sense. When free trade comes to prevail
among us. and the wages are reduced to the
ten-cent standard of despotic countries, such
a degradation of the laboring man may not be
impossible even in that State; but that time is
not just yet. While stating their views these
memorialists do not antagonize the operators
and manufacturers in whose employ they are.
There is no conflict of opinions or interests in
the case; it is the mutual advantage of both
classes, employers and employed, that there
should be an active demand for labor and a
remunerative profit for capital.
The experience of the last two years has also
shown that the maintenance of the present
rate of duties on iron is to the advantage ot
consumers as well as those engaged in its pro-
duction. Two years ago Congress yielded to
clamor, and reduced the duty two dollars,
which sum was immediately added to the price
of the article in the markets" of the world, with-
out anv corresponding benefit to our consumers
in this country. Iron advanced in price, a
brisk demand sprang up for it, and the foreign
dealer reaped all the advantage. Our home
production received a check thereby, and the
whole market was unsettled. We need sta-
bility in this, as in all other branches of pro-
ductive industry, and unless we can have it,
enterprise is paralyzed, and capital seeks other
channels of investment.
And as for the clap-trap about revenue
reform, so plentifully manufactured by the
advocates of free trade, and into which trap,
I regret to say, some of our otherwise sound
political brethren have fallen, it is a delusion
and a snare. We all know that there is a
short and decisive way to effect revenue reform
without disturbing the protective system and
destroying the industrial interests of the coun-
try. Abolish at one stroke the whole internal
revenue system, so far as the income taxes and
stamp duties are concerned, and limit its future
operation to the two articles of whisky and
tobacco, and you will secure a revenue reform
that will meet the unqualified approval of the
people. Thus you will not stop the busy hum
of industry throughout the land; you will not
put out the fires of our furnaces and forges ;
you will not cover the land with desolation as
with a pall. In the pathway of such revenue
reform, as I take the liberty of suggesting, we
shall have benefits and blessings innumerable,
and a degree of prosperity which will continue
in the future, as it has in the past, to relieve
the people of the burdens imposed by the
slaveholders' rebellion, and lead to the entire
extinction of the national debt, the legacy left
us by that rebellion, and a consummation to
be devoutly prayed for.
The memorialists further advocate the repeal
of the duties on tea, coffee, and such other arti-
cles as are not produced in the United States
and enter into general use. This suggestion
is in exact accord with the true theory and
teachings of the American protective system.
No branch of our own industry will be injuri-
ously affected by its adoption, inasmuch as
none comes into unequal competition with the
foreign articles referred to. To allow such
articles, therefore, to come in free of duty, is
to cheapen them to our consumers, and does
not tend to degrade our laborers to the level
of the "heathen Chinee" or the miserable laz-
zaroni of continental Europe. A liberal free
list, with the abolition of internal revenue taxes,
and the maintenance of American industry of
all kinds, these are the revenue reforms that I
desire to commend to the careful consideration
of Congress.
And especially, Mr. Speaker, allow me to
impress these views upon the Republican side
of the House. We have a President who retains
the undiminished confidence of the country,
and who, in all probability, will again lead the
Republican columns to victory. He stands
pledged before the country to the support of
the doctrines enunciated in the memorials to
which I have addressed these remarks. In au
interview with citizens of Pennsylvania this
week, as reported in yesterday's daily papers,
the President is reported as reasserting the
doctrine of his last annual message. He said
that '' articles not produced in this country,
and entering into general consumption, should
be admitted free of duty, while duties on
those articles which come into competition
with our own manufactures should not be
reduced." I indulge in the hope that the
majority side of the House, upon whom rests
the responsibility of legislation, will be in
entire accord with General Grant on this as
well as other important subjects, and that we
shall enter upon the canvass before us a united
party, and so achieve success by deserving it.
And let me add, Mr. Speaker, that, repre-
senting the toiling millions of Pennsylvania
here on this important question, lam not here
as a mendicant asking favors or begging for
the crumbs which fall irom rich men's tables.
We arc asking for protection as of right. We j
claim it to be due to us from the Government '
we sustain and support. And we will sustain
no party and support no Administration that
repudiates onr rights and is recreant to our
interests in this regard.
the congressional globe.
Jlr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, on the 14th
of April, 18G9, a contract was entered into by
which Rives & Bailey were bound to report
and publish the debates and proceedings of
the Forty-First Congress. This contract ex-
pired with the Congress on the 4th of March,
1871, since which time the proceedings and
debates have been published by Rives & Bailey
without a contract, but upon the presumption,
of course, that Congress would remunerate
them fairly for the work.
During the spring session of the present
Congress the joint Committee on Printing had
not sufficient time to make the investigation
necessary to enable them to agree upon the
terms of a new contract, and since the com-
mencement of the second session two members
of the committee, Senators Howe and Cas-
serly, have been absent, engaged on an invest-
igating committee in New York, and it was
thought advisable to take no definite aetiou in
regard to the matter until their return.
By the contract of April 14, 18G9, Rives &
Bailey agreed to report and publish the debates
in the Daily Globe for $10 SO per column,
furnish two copies of the daily to each mem-
ber of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives at one cent per page for each copy,
and transfer the proceedings and debates from
the Daily Globe to the Congressional Globe
(quarto form) at two mills for each page of the
quarto. They also agreed to furnish an ample
index to the quarto edition at the same price
per page, and to publish the laws passed by
Congress in the same manner as the proceed-
ings and debates, and at the same rates. They
agreed, furthermore, to furnish storage, free
of charge, for the printed sheets of the quarto
edition for such reasonable time as the Con-
gressional Printer might desire.
Under this contract Rives & Bailey were
paid for reporting and publishing—
13,804 123-20G columns Daily Globe, at 810 30 per col-
umn f 142,187 33
646 copies Daily Globe to Senators and
Members, 1 cent per page  13,030 90
12,391 copies quarto, each copy making
eleven volumes, containing 12,814Da?es,
and the 12,301 copies containing 158,779,-
365 pages, at 2 mills per page  317,558 73
Total amount paid Rives & Bailey for
Daily and Congressional Globe for the
Forty-First Congress  472,776 98
Extra compensation to reporters  26,482 58
Total amount paid for reporting and
printing  409,259 f«5
Cost of binding 134,200 volumes at the
Government bindery, estimated at co
cents per volume    80,520 00
Total cost of the Daily and Congres-
sional Globe $579,779 50
The Daily and Congressional Globe, as the
statement shows, cost nearly $600,000 for the
years 18G9 and 1870, an amount so large that
if applied toward the payment of the national
debt would have saved to the country $36,000
per annum for the next fifty years certainly,
and probably for all time. Has the expend-
iture been a wise one? Is there anything
within the lids of the eleveli ponderous volumes
which can by any possibility compensate the
country for this enormous outlay ? The laws-
enacted by Congress, the Journals of the two
Houses, the records of committees if projierly
made, the vigilant press of the country, if the
field were left open to it, would have preserved
all there is of value in these voluminous pro-
ceedings, and the jewels, if therebe any, would
have shone all the brighter in the eye of the
nation when extricated and relieved from the
mass of rubbish by which they are now hidden.
This work is growing upon us rapidly. It
was commenced by Blair & Rives in 1833.
The first volume issued contained the pro-
ceedings entire of the Twenty-! hird Congress,
and numbered eight hundred and twelve pages.
The proceedings of the last Congress, with the
indexes, fill eleven unwieldy volumes, and
cover twelve thousand eight hundred and
fourteen pages. The cost of reporting ana
publishing the debates for the Twenty-Third
Congress I have been.unable to ascertain, but
it probably did not exceed ten thousand dol-
lars. The cost for the Forty-First Congress is,
as I have stated, $579,779 50. In this connec-
