1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
Laics of the United, Stales,
42d Cong.... 2d Sess.
Chap. CCXXXfX.—An Act supplemental to
an Actemitled "An Act for the Apportion-
ment of Representatives to Congress among
the several States according to the Ninth
Census."
Be it enacledbythe Senate and House of Ren-
resentatives of the United Mates of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
third day of March, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, the following States shall be
entitled to one Representative each in the
Congress of the United States in addition to
the number apportioned to such States by the
act entitled "An act for the apportionment of
Representatives to Congress among the sev-
eral States according to the ninth census,"
approved February second, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, to wit: New Hampshire,
Vermont, New York, Pennsylvania, Indiana,
Tennessee, Louisiana, Alabama, and Florida,
and be elected by separate districts, as in said
act directed : Provided, That in the election
Of Representatives to the Forty-Third Con-
gress only, in any State which by this law is
given an increased number of Representatives,
the additional Representatives allowed to such
State may be elected by the State at large,
unless the Legislature of said State shall other-
wise provide before the time fixed by law for
the election of Representatives therein.
Approved, May 30, 1872.
Chip. CCXL.—An Aet fixing the Rank of
Professors of Mathematics in the United
States Navy,
Be it enacted btfthe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the ninth section of
the naval appropriation bill, approved March
third, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, be
amended by inserting, alter the clause relat-
ing to the chaplains, the following clause:
There shall be three professors of mathe-
matics, who shall have the relative rank of
captain; four that of commander; and five
that of lieutenant commander or lieutenant.
Approved, May 31, 1872.
Chap. CCXLI.—An Act relating to the Crea-
tion of new Land Districts.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America hi
Congress assembled, That hereafter in case
of tiie division of existing iand districts by
the erection of new ones, or by a change of
boundaries by the President of the United
States, all business in such original districts
shall be entertained and transacted, without
prejudice or change, until the offices in the
new districts shall be duly opened by public
announcement under the direction of the Sec-
tary ot the Interior.
Sec. 2. That all sales or disposals of the
public lands heretofore regularly made at any
laud office atterthe said lands have been made
pai-t of another district by any act of Con-
gress, or by any act of the President, are
hereby confirmed, provided the same are free
from conflict with prior valid rights.
Approved, May 81, 1872.
Chap. CCXLII.—An Actauthorizing the Con-
struction of a Bridge across the Arkansas
river, at Little Rock, Arkansas.
lie it enacted bp the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives if the United States of America in
Contjresx assembled, That it shall be lawful for
the Little Rock Bridge Company, a corpora-
tion having authority from the State of Ark-
ansas, to build a railroad, transit, and wagon
bridge across the Arkansas river, at or near
the city of Little Rock, in Arkansas: and that,
when constructed, all trams of all railroads
terminating at the Arkansas river, at or near
the location of said bridge shall be allowed to
cross said bridge for a reasonable compen-
sation, to be paid to the owners thereof; and
in case of any litigation arising from any
obstruction or alleged obstruction to the free
navigation of said river, the cause may be
tried before the district court of the United
States in and for the eastern district of said
State of Arkansas.
Sec. 2. That any bridge built under the pro-
visions of this act may, at the option of the
company building the same, be built as a
draw-bridge, with a pivot, or with unbroken or
continuous spans: Provided, That if the said
bridge shall be made with unbroken or con-
tinuous spans, it shall not be in any case of a
less elevation than fifty feet ahove extreme
high water mark, as understood at the point
of location, to the bottom chord of the bridge,
nor shall the span over the main channel of
the river at low water be less than two hun-
dred and fifty feet, nor shall there be a greater
number of spans than four crossing the re-
maining width of said river, and the piers of
said bridge shall all be parallelwith the cur-
rent of said river: And provided also, That
if any bridge shall be constructed under this
act as a draw-bridge, the same shall be a pivot
draw over the main channel at low water^with
spans of not less than one hundred an*fifty
feet in the clear on each side of the centre or
pivot pier of said bridge, and that there shall
not be a greater number of fixed spans than
four crossing the remaining width of said
river; and said bridge shall not be less than
thirty-mx feet above the low-water mark as
understood at the location of said bridge,
measuring to the bottom chord of said bridge,
and all_ the piers of said bridge shall be par-
allel with the current of said river: And pro-
vided also, That said draw shall be opened
promptly, upon reasonable signal, for the
passage of boats whose construction shall not
be such as to admit of their passage under
said bridge, except when a railroad train is
passing over the same ; but in no case shall
any unnecessary delay occur in opening said
draw after the passage of such traiu.
Sec. 3. That any bridge constructed under
this act and according to its provisions shall
be a lawful structure, and shall be recognized
and known as a post route, upon which no
higher charge shall be made for the trans-
mission over the same of the mails, the troops,
and munitions of war of the United States
than the rate paid for their transportation
over the railroads or public highways leading
to said bridge ; and the United States shall
have the right of way for postal telegraph
purposes across said bridge.
Sec. 4. That said bridge shall not be built or
commenced until the bridge company afore-
said shall submit to the Secretary of War, for
his approval, a plan with the necessary draw-
ings of their bridge conforming to the above
requirements, nor until he shall approve the
plau and location of said bridge aud notify the
company of the same in writing; and should
any change be made in the plan of the bridge,
during the progress of the work ttiereon, such
change shall be subject likewise to the approval
of the Secretary ot War: and the said structure
shall be at all times so kept and managed as
to offer reasonable and proper means for the
passage of vessels through or under said struc-
ture : and the said structure shall be changed at
the cost and expense oithe owners thereof, from
time to time, as Congress may direct, so as to
preserve the fee and convenient navigation of
said river. And the authority to erect and con-
tinue said bridge shall be subject to revocation
or modification by law whenever the public good
shall, in the judgment ot' Coegr?ss, so require, j
without any expense or charge to the United !
Stales. |
Sue. 5. That the right to alter or amend j
this act, so as to prevent or remove all mate- 1
rial obstructions to the navigation of said river
by the construction of said bridge without ex-
pense to the United States, is hereby expressly
reserved.
Approved, May 31, 1872.
Chap. CCXLIIL—An Act to provide for a
Building for the use of the Post Office,
United States Circuit and District Courts,
and Internal Revenue Offices, atUtica, New-
York.
Beit enactedby the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be constructed a suitable
building, with a fire-proof vault extending to
each story, at Utica, New York, for the ac-
commodation of the post office, United States
circuit and district courts, and internal revenue
offices; and for this purpose there is hereby
appropriated, outof any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of two
hundred thousand dollars, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, who shall cause proper plans and
estimates to be made, so that no expenditure
shall be made or authorized for the full com-
pletion of said building and payment for the
site thereof beyond the amount herein appro-
priated : Provided, That no money hereby
appropriated shall be used or applied for the
purposes mentioned until a valid title to the
laud for the site of such building shall be
vested in the United States, nor until the
State shall also duly release and relinquish to
the United States the right to tax or in any
way assess said site, or the property of the
United States that may.be thereon, daring the
time that the United States shall be or remain
the owner thereof.
Approved, May 31. 1872.
Chap. CCXLIV.—An Act to change the Loca-
tion of the Railroad National Bank of
Lowell, Massachusetts, to the City of Boston,
Massachusetts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amencain
Congress assembled, That.the Railroad National
Bank of Lowell, now located at Lowell, in the
county of Middlesex, and State of Massa-
chusetts, is hereby authorized to change its*
location to Boston, in the county of Suffolk,
and State aforesaid. Whenever the stock-
holders, representing three fourths of the
capital of said bank, at a meeting called for
that purpose, determine to make such change,
the president and cashier shall execute a
certificate, under the corporate seal of the
bank, specifying such determination, and shall
cause the same to be recorded in the office of
the Comptroller of the Currency, and there-
upon such change of location shall be effected,
and the operations of discount and deposit of
said bank shall be curried on under the name
of the Railroad National Batik of Boston, in
the city otBoston, county of Suffolk, and State
of Massachusetts.
Sec. 2. That nothing in this act contained
shall be so construed as in any manner to re-
lease the said bank from any liability or affect
any action or proceeding in law in which the
said bank may be a party or interested. And
when such change shall have been determined
upon as aforesaid, notice thereof and of such
change shall be published in at least in one
weekly newspaper in each of the counties of
Middlesex aud Suffolk, in the State of Massa-
chusetts, for not less than four succes-ive
weeks.
Sec. 3. That this act shall take effect and
be in force from and after its passage.
Approved. May 31, 1872.
