1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2505;
Mr. 8CHURZ. Yes. sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is suffi-
cient. The reading of the Journal will be
resumed, and the objection prevents the cop-
sideration of the bill at this time.
Mr. SCOTT. Then I give notice that at the
expiration of the business of the morninghour
I shall move to take up that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the Journal, as that
has not been dispensed with.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal of yesterday's proceed-
ings.
house bills referred
The bill (H. R. No. 1770) to authorize set-
tlements by the Secretary of the Treasury with
joint debtors of the United States was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The following bills were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia:
A bill (H. R. No. 1044) to cuie defective
titles in the District of Columbia ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 2332) to fix the salary of
the members of the Board of Health of the
District of Columbia.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, in response to a resolu-
tion of the Senator from Nevada [Mr. nye]
of March 7, 1872, the preliminary report ot
Lieutenant George M. Wheeler, corps of en-
gineers, of the progress of the engineer ex-
ploration of the public domain in Nevada
and Arizona. The subject seems to be of gen-
eral interest, and the communication will be
ordered to be printed and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, as the Senator
states that the matter is not included in the
general estimates of the Department.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a memorial of the
General Assembly of the State of Missouri, in
favor of a grant to that State of the Govern-
ment lands yet remaining unsold within the
State for the purpose of education ; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the United
States Army, praying for the equalization of
bounties and the grant of bounty land; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
William Beverly, heir of Robert Beverly, pray-
ing to be indemnified for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1801 ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HOWE. I am desired to present a
petition from quite a number of manufacturers
in Fond du Lac county, Wisconsin. They
state that they find an extensive market for
their wares on the west side of the Missouri
river, and they say that the Union Pacific
Railroad Company have constructed a bridge
across the river at Omaha, biu iristead of run-
ning their trains across the bridge, they have
leased the bridge to a private individual, and
that all their goods have to be transported
across the bridge by that individual at what-
ever cost he sees fit tc^charge. They complain
of it as a great hai'dship, and they ask for some
remedy. I move its reference to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR presented a memorial of the
General Assembly of the State of Missouri, in
favor of a grant to that State of the Govern-
ment lands yet remaining unsold within that
State for the purpose ot' education ; which was
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor. ,
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition which
is called a part of the soldiers' mammoth peti-
tion, of surviving soldiers of the wars of 1812
and 1861, praying pensions, equalization of
bounties, land warrant for one hundred and
sixty acres of land, and the establishment of
a soldier's commission. 1 move the reference
of the petition to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of citi-
zens of the United States, protesting against
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States recognizing God as the source of
all authority and power in civil government
and the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of
nations and His revealed will as of supreme
authority; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING. I present two memo-
rials relating to a matter which my friend from
Pennsylvania has given a notice in regard to.
I understand he means at oneo'clock to move
to proceed to the consideration of the tea and
coffee bill.
Mr. SCOTT. No ; at the expiration of the
business of the morning hour.
Mr. CONKLTNG. 1 wish to offer my vote
and support to the Senator from Pennsylvania,
and to say of these memorials, which are very
numerously signed, that they call attention to
a position of extreme hardship. Now that
both Houses by great majorities have adopted
a provi'sion releasing tea and coffee from impost
duties, all those connected with that trade are
now suspended, their business disordered, and
they suffering as 1 think Congress has no right
to allow them to suffer. I intended myself at
a very early day to get the sense of the Sen-
ate, if I could, upon the proposition to take
up the tea and coffee bill which the House, in
its wisdom, has left us an opportunity to act
upon if we do not amend it, and when it is
taken up 1 hope we shall consummate so
much of the legislation which the House has
perfected without any amendment.
I present these memorials, and move that
they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Thomas
J. Seanlan be withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
bridge at brownvillb, nebraska
Mr. TIPTON,. As there seems to be no re-
ports to be presented, I desire to call up a bill,
if there be no objection. The Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads a few days ago
reported a bill, in the usual form, for a rail-
road bridge over the Missouri river atBrown-
ville, Nebraska, the place of my residence.
A track is laid down on each side of the river.
I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
to consider that bill now. It is Senate bill
No. 631.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 631) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river at Brownville, Nebraska.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section two, line
twenty-six, after the word "boats," to strike
out the words " whose construction shall not
be such as to admit of their passage under the
permanent spans of said bridge, except when
trains are passing over the same ; but," and
to insert the word " and; " so that the proviso
will read :
And provided also, Thatsaid draw shall be openod
promptly, upon reasonable signal, for the passage
of boats, and m no case shall unnecessary delay
occur in opening the said draw during or after the
passage of trains.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
third section of the bill, in the following words:
SBC. 3. That said bridge may be so constructed as
to provide for the passage of ordinary vehicles ana
travel^ and said Brownville, Fort Kearney, and
Pacific Railroad Company, their successors or as-
signs, may levy and collect tolls and charges for the
use of the same, and are hereby authorized and em-
powered to issue such bonds and secure the sam.e by
mortgage on said bridge, its approaches and appur-
tenance?, ns it may deem necessary and needful "to
constract and maintain its bridge over said river, and
the tracks and depots required to perfect the same-:
Provided, That the amount of bonds horein author-
ized to be issued shall not exceed $2,500,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as addi-
tional sections the following :
Sec. -J. That all railway companies desiring to use
the said bridge shall have and be entitled to equal
rights and privileges in the passage of the same,
and in the useof thomachinery a.nd fixtures thereof,
and of all tho approaches thereto, under and upon
such terms and conditions as shall be prescribed by
tho Secretary of War, upon hearing the allegations
and proofs of the parties in case they shall not
agree.
Sec. 5. That tho structure herein authorized shall
bo built under and subject to such regulations for
tho security of tho navigation of said river and lake
as the iSecretaryof War shall prescribe,and the said
structure shall be at all times so kept and managed
as to offer reasonable and proper men lis for tbopas-
sage of vessels through and under said structure:
and the said structure shall be changed at the cost
and expense of the owners thereof, from time to
time, as Congress may direct, so as to preserve the
free and convonient navigation of said river; and
the authority to eroct and continue said bridgeshall
be subject to revocation by law whenever the public
good shall, in the judgment of Congress, so require.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ If there be no
objection, this amendment will be regarded as
agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from California rise to speak to these
sections?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Cbair
will regard the amendment as still pending.
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise in reference to
these two sections, and also to another point
connected with this bill. This question of
bridges over our great rivers is one of the very
highest imporlancc. 1 was very glad to find
some time ago the practice introduced into
this body in regard to such bills of having
certain provisions of law prepared by the board
of engineers inserted in them. The last bridge
hill which passed the Senate was a good deal
examined, and was considerably amended, es-
pecially in regard to the jurisdiction in respect
to nuisances or obstructions. I see no pro-
vision on that subject in this bill. I regret
that the committee who reported it did not
keep in mind the proceedings which attended
the passage of the bill of which I have just
spoken recently in the Senate. I do not wish
to delay the passage of this bill, for while it is
general and of great importance in regard to
the whole country, it has, of course, its local
bearing as well.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Willlhe Senator allow
me to call his attention to page 2, line sixteen,
of the bill?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, I see that; but that
provides nothing as to the jurisdiction of a
court or courts in regard to any nuisance or
obstruction, if any such should be caused by
this bridge.
Mr. TIPTON. Will the Senator look at the
fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth, eighteenth,
and nineteenth lines of section one?.
And in case of any litigation arising from any
obstruction or alleged obstruction to the iree na\i-
gation of said river, the cause may bo tried before
the district court of the United States either fetnte
in which any portion of said obstruction or bridge
touchcs.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not notice that
clause previously, and I am very glad to see
that so much is in the bill; but in the bill which
passed the other day a similar clause was
amended so as to insert after the words '"State
in" the words " or opposite to."
Mr. TIPTON. -Let the Senator make that
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. That amendment was
made on the suggestion of the Senator from
New York, [Mr. ooxkuxg.] I then thought
