1700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
of A. T. Hackett, of Catoosa county, Georgia,
asking the removal of his political disabili-
ties.
By Mr. SWANN : The memorial of 48 cit-
izens of Maryland aud the District of Colum-
bia, praying that the cases brought into the
Court of Claims previous to July 4, 1864, the
jurisdiction over which was restricted by the
act of July 4, 1864, may be reinstated and the
court have full power to hear and determine
the same.
By Mr. YOUNG: The petition of Samuel
Lawrence, of Georgia, for relief, as the heir
of John De Treville, an officer of the Army in
the revolutionary war.
post route bill.
The following was introduced under therule
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. HARPER: A bill to establish a
post route from Asheville by West Fork of
Ivy and Upper Laurel, in North Carolina, and
Indian Creek, to Jonesborough, in Tennessee.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 15, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, I). D.
texas pacific railroad.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the object of
that?
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to move to take up a
bill—if I can get it taken up I will yield to the
morning business, of course—for which I be-
lieve there is pressing necessity that it should
be considered and passed. It is Senate bill
No. 724, supplementary to the Texas Pacific
railroad bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is searecly any-
body here, but 1 am not, going tt> object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the reading of the Journal will be
dispensed with. Petitions and memorials are
in order, but the Senator from Pennsylvania
asks unanimous consent to take up the hill
to which he has referred, stating that he will
then yield to the morning business. The
Chair hears no objection. The bill is before
the Senate, but will be laid aside for the pre-
sentation of the morning business.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of March 8, information in regard
to the occupancy of the Indian territory by
unauthorized persons; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
petitions and memorials.*
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of Mrs.
Catharine Weber, widow of Sylvester Dreger,
late private company H, tenth regiment Min-
nesota volunteers, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented three memo-
rials of citizens of Michigan, protesting against
the passage of the Chicago relief bill; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of the
mayor and aldermen, &c., of the city of Fort
Smith, Arkansas, praying that the military
reservation at that city may be reserved from
sale, and that it be set apart for the erection
of a court-house for the western district of
Arkansas, a jail, post office, internal revenue
office, and other public buildings that may be
needed by the Government; which was re-
ferred to the Committee ou Military Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a me-
morial of the representatives of religious and
other organizations who have charge of In-
dians, asking legislation for the protection of
Indians who will carry out the law on their
respective reservations; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
papers "withdrawn.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to have the follow-
ing order made:
Ordered, That Mrs. E. J. Brossman have leave to
withdraw her papers from the files of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there an
adverse report in this case?
Mr. FENTON. There is an adverse report,
but I submitted it to the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who usually looks after
these matters, and he has no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is no rule
against an absolute withdrawal of papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not,
except that the Chair has been usually asked
to have a statement made as to whether there
has been an adverse report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
have copies of the papers retained on file.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made unless the Senator shall waive it
when he finds out what the case may be.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,
it was
Ordered, Thut the papers in relation to the claim
of Michael Fentenheime, on the files of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
theodore s. comparet.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to rereport from
the Committee on Pensions the bill (S. No.
494) placing the name of Theodore S. Com-
paret on the pension-roll, which I reported
from the same committee two or three weeks
ago, and then put, as I supposed, on its pas-
sage, as I do all little pension bills ; but it
seems the Journal does not show that it was
passed. I wish therefore to rereport it now,
and have it passed by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been the
custom of the Senate at this session to pass
these pension bills when they are reported by
the committee, if there be no objection. The
Senator from Vermont now rereports this bill
and asks that it may be considered at the
present lime.
Mr. MORTON. It was passed before, but
not recorded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Journal does not
show that it was passed, and so it is still on
the Calendar, and I now rereport it and ask
that it be agarn passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be regarded as again
passed. The bill is passed.
hannah gray.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ There is only
one other pension bill remaining on the Cal-
endar—House bill No. 805—and if there be
no objection it will be taken up now and con-
sidered, which will clear the Calendar of all
the pension bills reported favorably.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 895) granting a pen-
sion to Hannah Gray. It directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Hannah Gray,
widow of Thomas Gray, late a private in com-
pany F, eleventh regiment Tennessee cavalry,
and to pay her a pension from the 11th day
of May, 1864, during her widowhood.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment to strike out in lines
eight, nine, and ten, the words, ''and to pay
her a pension from the 11th day of May, 1864,
during her widowhood," and to insert " and
the mother of three children under sixteen
years of age dependent upon her for support."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
reports 03? committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make some
formal reports from the Committee on Finance.
The Committee on Finance, to whom were
referred the bill (Ii. R. No. 174) repealing
the duty upon tea and coffee ; the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 27) to repeal the duty upon
coal; and the bill (H. R. No. 1537) to repeal
the existing duties on tea and coffee, have
directed me to report them back adversely,
with a view to have them placed on the Cal-
endar, they being embraced iu the general bill
now before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 489) to admit tea and coffee into the Uni-
ted States free of duty, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 585) amendatory of an act entitled
"An act donating public lands to the several
States and 'territories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agricultural and
mechanic arts," approved July 2, 1862, and
acts amendatory thereto, reported jt without
amendment.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indiau Affairs, to whom was referred the
•resolution of the Legislature of Minnesota, in
favor of additional compensation to Richard
G. Murphy for the time he served as Indian
agent for the Sioux of Minnesota, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 756) to test, on some of the
lamps about the public grounds in Washing-
ton, a certain invention for lighting and ex-
tinguishing gas in street lamps by electricity;
and also the remonstrance of Samuel Gard-
iner, jr., against the passage of the bill, re-
ported them adversely, and moved their indef-
inite postponement; which was agreed to.
mail contracts.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1930) relating to proposals
and contracts for transportation of the mails,
and for other purposes, have directed me to
report it back with two very slight amend-
ments, and to ask for its present considera-
tion. I hope the Senate will allow the bill to
be considered at this time. It is of the great-
est importance that it should be disposed of,
and it will not take long.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] has a bill called up
by unanimous consent, but the Senator from
Minnesota makes a report which he states it
will require no time to dispose of.
Mr. SCOTT. If it gives rise to discussion,
I shall ask to take up the other bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania yields, subject to a demand for
the regular order.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
1930) relating to proposals and contracts for
transportation of the mails, and for other
purposes.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section six, line
three, to strike out the word "and," and
insert the word "or;" and after the word
"unless," in the sixth line, to insert the
words "such bids being exorbitant;" so that
the section will read:
That after any regular bidder or contractor for
the transportation ot the mail upon any route shall
