3492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
passed he should vote to give privileges of the
same kind to all other railroads?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I agree with him. So
will I. Every railroad that comes iiito the
city tbat-.will benefit the city I will vote to
give sucli facilities to as will make it most use-
ful to the city but there cannot' many come..
There are 'irnly two railroads that come into"
this city, ' First, is the one that, has controlled
this District, the Baltimore and Ohio, and then
this other one, which has its connections run-
ning south as far as our boundary goes. '■ Every
railroad that comes in here that, according to
my mind, will benefit the District, and the
people of the District, of course I shall vote
to accommodate. Therefore, I'will agree to
go with him for every such proposition that he
brings up. At this moment the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad, as I understand, desire to naak6
a tunnel under Capitol Hill, so that they may
have a depot on the same side of the town
where it is proposed to have the depot of the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad. I shall vote
for that; and I shall vote, as I have voted, for
everything which would conduce to the pros-
perity and the growth and the pride and the
glory of this city of Washington, in which
every member in this Union ought to feel a
pride on account of the memories that cluster
around it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Maryland allow me a word? I
merely desire to say that the Senator from
Pennsylvania is not precisely right in saying
that there is but one other road to come in
here. I have before me, in addition to the
bill that the Senator is so earnestly urging,
four other bills now pending j and while the
Senator from Pennsylvania is promising so
liberally for the future and for the glory ofthis
District, I wish he would do a little something
now.
. Mr. CAMERON. I will do it. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL of Vermont. The first is
House bill No. 2187, to confirm the action of
the board of alderman and common council
of the city of Washington designating a depot
site for the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company, and for other purposes. The Sen-
ator understands what that is.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the one under
consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, that is
the one under consideration. The next is a
bill to authorize the extension and use of the
National railroad of Maryland into and with-
in the District of Columbia. The next, is in
relation to the Orange, Alexandria, and Man-
assas railroad.
Mr. CONKLTNG. What is that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Senate bill
No. 818. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. Now, the projects men-
tioned by my good friend and neighbor from
Vermont are partand parcel of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad. Ihere are only two rail
roads, with their branches and connections,
that come into this city. One is the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad, which for twenty-five or
thirty years has had control of this District,;
and the other is the new and little bit of affair
which is coming here to benefit the city, while
the former, as I stated before, came here to
benefit itself. I shall vote to give depots to
all these roads. I have said so from the be-
ginning, and I will continue to say so. The
Senator from Vermont, most unfortunately for
me, if not for himself, does not seem to
understand the connection of these railroads,
the combinations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I beg the
Senator to understand that I understand the
connection and the combination perfectly.
Mr. CAMERON. I am afraid he does not.
The Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany was compelled to make a railroad to
A-Cjuia creek to get the right to come into the
city. It came here, and finding it could only .
fulfill its combination^ by getting a route dbwn
to Richmond, it got on,e; it tfien had to go'
down into South Caroliha, arid from there it
went into Georgia, and then it had to go d6wrr
into Louisiana, arid then to the P&eifio. Now
it does not want any particular benefits here.
' "While I am on my feet I wish tb correct an
error that I made when up before. I*believe
I said this railroad company intended to have
its <^epot on Pennsylvani-a ayeuue. . That was
a -mistake; it was a mere slip of the tongue, I
think"; but the depot is' to be on' B street,'
which is the next street back of the avenue^
A:nd when 1 said that this company had",go,t
no benefit from the district of Columbia I 'was
right in thi^s, for though it, has got a right to ah
angle over there it gives that up by this bill,
and it has bought a depot for its freight on
the southern side of the canal, so that it only
desires to come in here now with itsdepotfor^
passengers and light freight.
I am obliged tb the Senator from Maryland
for allowing me tli6 ffoor' On this occasion.
Mr.,DAVIS, of West Virginia. I should
like to ask my fiietid from Pennsylvania a
question. He said a momertt ago that he'
would vote to allow the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company to tunnel Capitol Hill and
give it a depot on this side. I'wish to ask
whether he will allow it to approach Pennsyl-
vania. avenue as near as the proposed site of
the Baltimore and Potomac road?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly. 1
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Now, there
is double as much laud, I understand, in this
pieee of ground as is asked by the Baltimore
and Potomac road. Does the Senator favor
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company
occupying a part of that piece of gi-ound?
Mr. CAMERON. Well, that is'a little too
close. [Laughter.] If the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad and the Baltimore and Potomac
railroad got along in neighborly fashion 1 should
have no objection ; but 1 have some experience
about the Baltimore and Ohio railroad in con-
nection with Washington; and I do hot want
to talk about that. This morning I stated noth-
ing against the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
I shall vote to give every facility that will add
to thfe prosperity of the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company. All I want, is, as the south-
ern people said, "to be let alone." I say to
the Baltimore and Ohio people, "Let this pro-
ject of ours alone, and you can go on as you
please."
Mr. DAVIS,of West Virginia, Iaskmyfriend
from Maryland to yield a moment further. I
understand that the piece of ground now asked
for by the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company on which to erect this depot is about
eight hundred feet one way by four hundred
the other. The Potomac road ask for one
hundred and fifty feet by eight hundred feet.
That leaves two hundred or two hundred and
fifty feet more of the lot yet unoccupied on B
street, between Sixth and Seventh streets.
The Manassas Gap and the Baltimore and
Ohio companies wish to get a connection
South. The Senate and House have ordered
the track to betaken up in front of the Capitol,
whereby the present connection will be broken,
and there will be no way of connecting but by
going around or tunneling through. Now the
point of my question to the Senator from
Pennsylvania was this: whether if this hilt
were passed he would favor the occupation of
the rest of this piece of ground that is now
asked by the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company, for the use of the Baltimore and
Ohio Company?
The Senator said a moment ago that there
were and would be but two roads here. I
understand that there are five or six roads
contemplated. I understand that within a
very few months the Metropolitan road will
be finished, and will come in somewhere and
be asking for a depot. I understand that the
Manassas Gap Railroad Company is now ask-
ing for some place. We voted not long ago
to allow the District 'authorities to subscribe
$600,'()#& for'the piedmptit and Potomac Rail-
rOad.'Cor&p'iitiy. That will want a depot. I
see"to:d&y'aireffort'is'being made'for the Point
Ldbkottt'-railroad! in Another direction.' "That
will want a depot., I presume from what my
frifend.Stays thkt'heIlwfll vote for theni all cross-
ing th:e: fSiifk'&Hd to"let t'fveto till get as near
Penns^lVania'-avenue he desirtk to have
this road come. . , . , ;
' Mr. CAMERON.' I'drJ hot: sa£ anything
which 'wottd^'d^Wa^t'froMr'the ifltefFig ence of
the"Senator1 from'1 W#t-Viriima.-' If I were
to take just what he has s^i<l td: mek he knows
as I know that there Wre but tWrfcil Wads to
come'ii^hefe^ '{Sart 'o.f tho&S he: Mentions will
belong to 'thg'BaltiiA'o're and Ohio railroad,
and p^rt to the'otl^r rdsffl!' There are fatit two
railroads, find th'o'se two ckh'tfot go'tiogtether.
If the lot of land the Senator1' from West Vir-
ginia has spoken of is large enough, I am per-
fectly willing that the Baltimore, and Otiio and
all its connections shall have a.part of it.
Mr.. JIORR1LL, of Vermont. I desire to
make atj inquiry,
Mr. CAMERON. Why should ypu disturb
me?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I want to
know whether there is any bargain going on
between the Senator from Pennsylvania and
the Senator from West Virginia. [Laughter.]
One railroad takes off two thirds of the
Senate. If we have two we shall have hone of
the'Senate left. [Laughter.] I,object to any
bargain here and especially .in the open face
of day. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, none but
a Yankee would talk about bargains in the
Senate. [Laughter.] We are talking about
probabilities. The condition of the country
requires that we sjiould .advance railroads. I
think the railroads which will connect hun-
dreds of thousands of miles should be fostered
and encouraged. I am perfectly • willing that
the gentlemen controlling the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad should run alongside of the Bal-
timore and Potomac. Let them, have the same
chance we have, they not interfering with us
and we not interfering with th?m. We can
get along very well as neighbors; but I do not
think we shall get along very well as members
of the same family. I do not want to,go back
to the time when my nations determined me
to try to get a, railroad from Baltimore and
Washington independent of the one existing
now. 1 am forumversal—what do you call it?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Amnesty.
-Mr. CAMERON. Universal amnesty and
forgetting everything that occurred at the be-
ginurng of the war and during the war, and I
am for forgiving every man who was a rebel
according to'my notion, and who only wanted
to get a government of his own according to
his notion, and let us go on hereafter in peace
and good-fellowship, with equal rights to all.
But I look upon railroads as having a mis-
sion to peiform. Tbey aie theeiviiiisers of'the
world. They, were the beginning of' the great
prosperity of this country, and tbey are going
to continue this prosperity in a mensuie be-
yond the calculation of matu Thirty years
ago all the couutry west of the Mississippi was
a wilderness j railroads' have made it a paradise
with all that can make, a.country prosperous,
glorious", and beautiful, giving wealth to all
and building up there in a short time States
greater than empires'which existed before.
Here the city of Washington is the only
place in all this country that has not received
the beneficial effect of railroads, aud I am sur-
prised that gentlemen have talked about one
railroad and another coming in. There is
room enough for the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road and the Baltimore and Potomac road
without doing harm to anybody, and, more
than that, there is room enough here to make
everybody proud of the country and have a
deep interest in this great railroad system
which brings all this wealth around.
