1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1701
have failed to enter into contract, or commence the
performance thereof as herein provided, the Post-
master General shall proceed to contract with the
next lowest bidder for such service who will enter
into a contract and perform the same, unless, such
bid being exorbitant, the Postmaster General can
contract upon better terms for the Government with
some other responsible party, in which case he is
hereby authorized so to do.
Mr. CORBETT. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota whether there is a pro-
vision in this bill, as there was in another bill
reported by his committee, I believe, that the
bidders should be required when they make
their bids to deposit an amount equal to ten
per cent, or five per cent, upon the former
price of the letting. I think that was a very
wholesome provision.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator will recollect
that the Postmaster General reported that that
provision, incorporated in our law at the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Oregon, did not
prove effective at all, and hence it was with-
drawn. This is a substitute for that.
Mr. SCOTT. I am informed by several Sen-
ators that they desire to examine this bill. It
is a bill of nine sections and will evidently
give rise to debate.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania objects.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have the amendments
been printed? •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has just
been reported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They ought to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill and amendments will be
printed and placed on the Calendar.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 819) to establish certain post roads
in the State ot Alabama, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed. _
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 820) to dispose of the lands in the mili-
tary reserve at Port Smith, in Arkansas;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCKasked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 821) granting right of way through the
public lands to the Utah Northern Railroad
Company; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 822) to remove the political disabilities
of S. S. Alderman and others, citizens of
Florida; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities, and ordered
to be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ALCORN. I rise to make a brief state-
ment in the nature of a personal explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi desires to make a personal explan-
ation. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. ALCORN. Iam reported in the Globe
as having said yesterday :
" III the district in which Hive the chancellor is
now paid a salary of $4,000. Notasingle respectable
lawyer of that district could be induced to accept
the place. I sought men in the district of capacity,
of distinction, of learning, who would discharge the
duties faithfully and well, but not one single law-
yer of respectable practice in the district coma be
induced to take the place, and to-day the office is
I desire to have .it appear that I appointed
a chancellor in that district of ability and
learning, and I meant to say that that chan-
cellor had since that time placed his resigna-
tion in the hands of the Governor of the State,
where it now is, and that no lawyer of distinc-
tion and qualification in the district can be had
at this time to supply the place. Judge Har-
mon, whom I appointed, is a gentleman of
ability and learning, and discharged the duties
of the office to the satisfaction of the people,
and in a manner highly satisfactory to the bar
of the district. The salary, however, is not a
sufficient inducement to continue the gentlg-
man in his place.
IRRIGATION OF BEAR RIVER VALLEY.
Mr. WINDOM. Several weeks ago I gave
notice that I should ask the Senate to take up
the bill (S. No. 348) to provide for the irriga-
tion of the Bear River valley, in Utah Terri-
tory, at an early day, but I have heretofore
found no opportunity to do it. I now ask that
consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota asks consent to consider at
the present time a report made by himself
some weeks ago on Senate bill No. 348.
Mr. SCOTT. I should be very much grat-
ified to oblige the Senator from Minnesota, but
if I yield to the taking up of other bills I shall
lose the opportunity of considering the bill I
have called up this morning.
Mr. WINDOM. Then 1 give notice that I
shall make the same request to-morrow morn-
ing. Will the bill of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania require all the morning hour?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope not.
Mr. WINDOM. If not, I will call this bill
up after that.
SPECIE PAYMENTS.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to take up Senate
bill No. 397, to facilitate specie payments, to-
morrow morning, for the purpose of submitting
some remarks upon it and then referring it to
the Committee on Finance. My remarks will
be very brief, and I should like to submit, them
to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Oregon that it has
not been the practice of the Senate to grant
unanimous consent to take up bills at a future
day except by making them a special order
by a two-thirds vote, but to give notice.
Mr. CORBETT. I give notice that I shall
ask unanimous consent to-morrow to call up
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota has also given notice of his
desire to call up a bill to-morrow.
BUSINESS OF COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS.
Mr. HOWE. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That Wednesday of next week be set
apart for the consideration of bills reported irora
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot consent to
that, unless Tuesday is set apart for the con-
sideration of bills from the Committee on
Commerce. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have already fixed
next. Monday for the Chicago relief bill, and
if that bill should be disposed of on that day
I want to go on with the tariff bill and dispose
of that, although I have agreed that as we pro-
gress, whenever the Senate are willing, so far
as T am concerned, to assist the Senator in
getting a day for his committee. I am per-
fectly willing to do that.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then let it be under-
stood that I shall have Tuesday of next week.
Mr. SHERMAN. But 1 trust no arrange-
ment of the kind will be made now until the
Chicago relief bill is out of the way.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; 1 shall give
way for the completion of the Chicago relief
bill, of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. And the tariff.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not give way to
the tariff.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be objection, and this resolution, like the
resolution of the Senator from Michigan, must
go over until some other time when it can
be reached by a majority vote. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it on this
day.
Mr. HOWE. I have only to say it is now
the middle of March, and I believe not a single
bill reported from the Committee on Claims
has been considered this session, and either
the Senate must give to the committee some
day, or we must roll up our sleeves and spit
on our hands and do like other members of
the Senate, struggle for the floor and contest
everything else. I should rather the other
course would be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and the resolution will go on the Calen-
dar, to be taken up at some future time by a
majority vote when it can be reached.
OKDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCOTT. Now I hope Senate bill No.
724 will be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania calls for the regular order,
which is the bill that the Senate granted unan-
imous consent to consider as soon as the
morning business should be disposed of.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill,
as follows:
A bill (S. No. 724) supplementary to an act enti-
tled "An acc to incorporate the Texas Pacific Rail-
road Company, and to aid in construction of its
ro,)d, and for other purposes," approved March 3,
1871.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that, bill before the
Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was called
up a little after twelve o'clock by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, who asked that the read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with, and this
bill taken up by unanimous consent, subject to
the call of the morning business ; which was
granted by the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is then by unanimous
consent, now before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is before the
Senate without being subject to a demand for
the regular order until one o'clock, when of
course it will be superseded by the tariff bill.
The Senator from Illinois had not taken his
seat at the time consent was granted to take
up this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to occupy for a
few moments the attention of the Senate this
morning upon another matter, if the Senator
from Pennsylvania will allow that bill to lie
aside for a little while.
Mr. SCOTT. What length of time will it
probably occupy?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot say exactly
how long. I want to call attention to a mat-
ter rather of a personal nature.
Mr. SCOTT. If it is in the nature of a
personal explanation, and will occupy but a
short time, I shall be very glad to accommo-
date the Senator from Illinois; but if it is to
occupy the balance of the morning hour 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot say how many
minutes it will occupy; some moments, how-
ever. It is a matter of personal character,
that I consider it my duty to present to the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. _ I hope the
Senator from Pennsylvania will yield.
Mr. SCOTT. Ot' course, if it is in the na-
ture of a personal explanation, I will yield j
I cannot do otherwise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois desires to make a personal explana-
tion. The Chair hears no objection.
PEl'.SONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I ask
the Secretary to read what I send to the Chair
from a paper called the Hasting Republican
Banner, published at Hastings, Michigan.
