1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2597
dace a bill which I desire to have read for
information and referred to the Committee
on Commerce, giving notice that when the
bill making appropriations for river and har-
bor improvements comes before the Senate I
shall move the substance of it as an amend-
ment to that bill. As it is short, I ask that it
be read now for information.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1009) to restore
the waters of the Bay of Superior to their
natural outlet. The bill was read a second
time at length, as follows:
Be it enacted, &c.. That the Secretary of "War is
hereby directed to apply all moneys that may here-
after be appropriated by law for the improvement
of the harbor at Duluth to filling up the canal
recently dug across Minnesota Point, so called,
near Duluth, in the State uf Minnesota, so that the
waters of the Bay of Superior shall be restored to
their natural outlet at Superior, in the State of Wis-
consin, and to tho romuval of any obstructions to
the navigation of said bay recently erected therein
in the form of a dike by the city of Duluth, and by
other persons.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1010) relating to evidence in the
Court of Claims ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPE NTER also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1011) to authorize the construc-
tion of certain bridges over the Mississippi
river and over St. Croix lake or river ; which
was read twice" by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S.
No. 1012) to relieve John N. Franklin, of De
Kalb county, Alabama, from legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Polilical Dis-
abilities, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1013) to authorize the grantees ot fran-
chises for the construction and maintenance
of bridges to mortgage the same with such
bridges and their appurtenances; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, aud
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1014) to authorize the St. Joseph Bridge-
Building Company to mortgage its bridge with
the appurtenances and the franchises relating
thereto ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1015) to quiet the title to
certain lands iu the State of Iowa ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
canal across minnesota point.
Mr. CARPENTER submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, ThattheAttorneytfeneral berequested,
if consistent with the public service, to communi-
cate to the Senate information of proceedings winch
liave been taken in the judicial courts to restrain
the digging of a canal across Minnesota Pomt,
near Duluth, in the State of Minnesota, and a copy
of the record of such proceedings, and all corre-
spondence in the Department of Justice concerning
the same.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator that ".directed" is the
usual phrase in resolutions addressed- to the
heads of Departments instead of "requested."
Mr. CARPENTER. Very well; let the
resolution be so modified.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think the resolution
had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it on the same
day on which it is introduced; and objection
is made.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is it necessary to serve
a notice on the Senator from South Carolina?
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. This will be
notice 
Mr. ROBERTSON. Just about as neces-
sary as it is for the Senator to attempt to dic-
tate to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This will be
notice to all Senators. The resolution will lie
over until to-morrow.
amendments to appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSTON, Mr. SAULSBURY, and
Mr. STOCKTON submitted amendments in-
tended to be proposed by them to the bill (H.
R. No. 2208) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works on rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce, arid ordered to be
printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 620) for the relief of
Thomas C. Martin, Emilia E. Martin, JaneG.
Martin, and Leonor Martin, children of J. E.
Martin, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1916) to authorize the
Washington City and Point Lookout Railroad
Company to extend a railroad into and within
the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2240) authorizing the
extension of the railway of the Metropolitan
Railroad Company in the District of Columbia;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 2333) to aid in ^maintain-
ing the fire department in the District of
Columbia.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the bill (H.
R. No. 1657) to ar&end section two of the act
of August 30, 1852, in relation to the trans-
portation and exportation of imported goods,
wares, and merchandise in bond through cer-
tain ports in the State of Texas; and it was
thereupon signed by the Vice President.
tea and coffee duty.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 174) repealing the duty on tea and coffee.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire of
the Senator whether he proposes to proceed
with the consideration of that bill at the pres-
ent time?
Mr. SCOTT. That is my motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggestwhether
he feels at liberty to go on in the absence of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT. In answer to that, I would
state that the views of the chairman of the
committee oil this subject are very well known.
Indeed, I believe there is very little doubt as
to the views of any one in the Senate about it
in view of what has passed. In consequence^
of the large number of letters I have received
on the subject, I informed the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, understanding that he
expected to be absent, of ray intention to call
up this bill. He informed me then that, he
would be absent for two or three days ; I do
not remember now exactly how long. I do
not suppose there will beany time when every-
body who would desire to be here when this
bill is called up will be here. If there is
a disposition on the part of the Senate to take
it up and pas? it for the purpose of relieving
the very great distress and embarrassment Bow
felt by the trade, it can be done in the morning
hour yet. If not, I wish it to be distinctly
understood that, at the very first opportunity
that I can do so with any prospect of success,
I shall move to take up this bill and terminate
this question one way or the other to the re-
lief of the mercantile interests that are now
suffering by it. I will state to the Senator
from Maine that I received a letter this morn-
ing, in which this emphatic language was
used, "the interests engaged in that trade are
now suffering more than they suffered during
the early months of the.war,'' and that many
of them by the uncertainty and delay are being
ruined. This is my reason for bringing the
subject before the Senate now, and I hope we
shall get to a vote upon it yet in the morning
hour.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to inquire of the
Senator what he proposes to do with the
unfinished business.
Mr. CONKLING. He proposes to pass this
bill now in the morning hour.
Mr. POMEROY. He cannot think of such
a thing.
Mr. CAMERON. Let us try.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope there will
be no attempt to pass this bill in the morning
hour in the absence of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, and also of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] who takes
an interest in this question. I suggest to my
friend from Pennsylvania that he will perhaps
accomplish all that is desirable at the present
time by giving notice that he will call this bill
up immediately after the special order shall
have been executed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wish to say
that when this bill oomes up I shall feel it my
duty 
Mr. POMEROY. It is up now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When it is up for con-
sideration and for action I shall feel it my duty
to offer some amendments to it; but 1 ba-ve no
idea that the bill can be passed between now
and one o'clock. There are some other bills
which were here at an earlier day than this,
that I am sorry the Senator from Pennsylvania
did not consider it his duty to hurry up. We
have already wasted on this tariff question I do
not know how many days or weeks, but cer-
tainly a great deal of the time of the Senate,
and "it resulted very much as I supposed it
would result when it was brought up by the Sen-
ator from Ohio not now in his seat, [Mr. Sher-
man.] We undertook to amend a bill of this
kind by a general tariff revision. It was then
insisted that that was entirely proper and com-
petent for the Senate to do. Without express-
ing any opinion upon that subject, I was very
well satisfied then, from the course which the
House had taken at a previous session, that
the House would not take that view of it; and
the bill received in the House the disposition
which I supposed it would; that is, it was laid
on the table without consideration, aud the
Senate was rebuked for having passed such a
bill.
I believe it is not proper to speak partic-
ularly of what was said in the House of Rep-
resentatives; but I suppose it is not improper
to refer to the proceedings of the other branch
of Congress in leference to the disposition of
our own business. It is very well known that
there is pending in the House of Representa-
tives at present a bill upon the subject of the
duties on tea and coffee in connection with the
•duties upon many other articles; that tho
House of Representatives have been at work
maturing such a bill for a long period, and we
have reason to suppose that within some uot
very distant time that bill may reach the Seu-
• ate. Now it is proposed to precipitate upon
the Senate another discussion upon the tariff,
for the Senator from Pennsylvania well knows
that the bill which came from the Houso
