1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
805
In the first place, the publishers are required
to employ the best corps of" reporter in the
world. These reporters must not only be able,
amid the confusion which so often prevails
here, to catch every word addressed to the
House, but they must dress it into shape, pre-
serving at the same time, so far as possible,
the precise language and argument of the
speaker. We tumble into their ears oftentimes
a muddy stream, which filters through their
brains and drips from their finger-tips clear
ar,d bright. It often sounds horribly, but they
make it read tolerably well. Some of us are
wanting in respect for the king's English; they
are not. Our eloquence and logic are often too
irresistible for grammatical restraints; they
carefully gather the words and marshal them
in proper lines. Our impetuosity sometimes
shoots over the idea and leaves us in a laby-
rinth of words; they clear away the redundant
rhetoric and carefully capture the idea, and
put it in its proper place. It often requires
quite an effort even for them to chase it down,
and sometimes they find the alarm was false,
and that there was 110 idea after all; but they
do their best. Occasionally we get up and roar
for an hour at the top of our voices, and would
have no listeners were it not that these patient
and long-suffering men are paid for listening.
Once in a long while we jump to our feet, wild
with indignation over some reflection made
upon the section of country we have the honor
in part to represent, and throw up such a tor-
rent of mud as might eclipse the worst geyser
on the Yellowstone. Others may escape to the
cloak-room and console themselves with a
cigar until the danger is past, or fly across the
avenue and revive their spirits with a glass of
Bourbon; but these gentlemen must stay and
take it; there is no escape for them. They
guard, maintain, and uphold the dignity of the
American Congress. They are well paid, I
hopfc, and should be. They get §4 50 per
column for all matter which goes into the
Globe, including speeches written out and
read, extracts from reports, books, and news-
papers read at the Clerk's desk, matter that
very often they never see. For everything, in
fact, which serves to make up' or enter_ into
the proceedings of Congress they arc paid by
ihc publishers $4 CO per column, and at the
end of every session we manifest our appre-
ciation of their services and our gratitude by
voting them additional compensation. This
extra compensation for the years 1869 and
1870 amounted to $20,482 58. Congress has
voted to the Globe reporters during the last
bixteen years, in the way of extra compensa-
tion, $170,936 89. This amount we unjustly
charge up to the Globe in estimating its cost,
but we might with the same propriety vote
extra compensation to the compositors, proof-
readers, and foreman in the Globe office, and
charge that up also.
I append a statement, showing in detail the
amount paid as additional compensation to
reporters of the Congressional Globe :
1855  S1M00 00
1S57    WW 00
Igjg    4,000 00
IS59   13.600 00
]8«0 "   7.200 OD
3 ml    7,200 00
1*3 >    10.400 00
18«3    1.000 00
18M    7.000 00
1  ,§■«  qq
  Jo.lbo bt)
is6T :  17,80391
i&h   MPS
1869 
187ft   13.&fc> 00
Ian ww 03
Total $176,930 89
The daily sessions of Congress commence at
twelve o'clock, and about one the matter be-
gins to pour into the Globe office. Ihc session
may end in an hour; in that event one or two
compositors could put the proceedings in type.
Or it may run until midnight and require the
services of fifty compositors. The force of
proof-readers, foreman, and compositors must
(under the old contract) always be sufficient
to dispose of fifty columns of matter, if there
be that much, before breakfast the next morn-
ing; and if there be but an hour's work for
one man, the force must still remain the same.
The contractor cannot discharge and take on
force at any hour. Like a general in the field,
he must have his troops in readiness to move
at any moment. To-day a few men on the
picket line may answer every purpose, but
to-morrow the advancing columns of the enemy
may render the whole force barely sufficient
forthe necessities of the hour. This force must
all be retained, therefore, and paid the same
rate per diem whether idle or busy. Fifty
columns of matter may any day pour into the
Globe office between one o'clock p. m. and
midnight, which must be put in type, corrected,
printed, folded, and delivered to the earliest
morning mail. We can readily understand
that this cannot be done as cheaply per col-
umn as ordinary work, received in the. ordin-
ary way, and affording stea dy employment,
at regular working hours.
Another item which renders this work ex- ]
ceptional should also be considered. Many of i
the speeches are revised after they have been j
put in type. Messengers carry the proof-slips
to all parts of the city, between nine o'clock
at night and four o'clock in the morning, to j
give the authors an opportunity to make cor-
rections. Since the speeches were delivered
the authors have had time to cool down, and
many sentences uttered in the heat of debate
require pruning, or possibly some additions to
render them perfectly intelligible. Sentences
are therefore remodeled, paragraph after para-
graph either stricken out or added, and it
sometimes occurs that men make one speech
and print another, so that it very often happens
that the alterations are so great that it is less
trouble for the compositor to reset the entire
speech than to make the corrections. Even
after the matter has been transferred fo the
quarto form and been stereotyped corrections
have been permitted which required the reset-
ting of type that had been distributed, and the
restereotyping of whole pages to replace those
destroyed.* No ordinary rules, therefore, or
ordinary experience, can reach the precise
rate per column which will cover the cost of
this work.
Again, the publishers of the Globe are com-
pelled to employ the best proof-readers that
. can be obtained. These readers of proof must
I be able to follow the argument or thought of
' a speech as well as the mere letter; they must
see that the sense is not marred by the omis-
sion of a period, comma, or semicolon, and this
must be done late at night, and with great rapid-
ity, for time will not wait on much reflection
or reference. Before the city is thoroughly
awake in the morning the Globe must be ready
for distribution, and must be typographically
as perfect as under the circumstances it can
possibly be made. In view of all this I am
satisfied that the price paid for the Daily Globe
has been low enough, possibly lower than the
work was actually worth, and in this conclu-
sion I am sustained by practical printers who
have had considerable experience, and who
have had no interest in the matter, other than
a desire to reach an honest conclusion after a
thorough investigation of the subject.
The profit which Rives & Bailey have made
out of their contract they obtained from print-
ing the quarto edition. The.contract of 18G9,
as! have befoie stated, gave them two mills
per for transferring the matter from the
daily to the quarto. This work could be done
leisurely, and the force needed for it could find
steady employment at regular hours. The mat-
ter already in type was taken from the^dail),
put in quarto form, and stereotyped. ^el'e"
after copies of the quarto edition could be
multiplied to any extent, for a price which
would cover the cost of press-work, paper,
ink, and a small allowance for wastage, luel,
lights, and repairs to machinery. While two
mills per page seemed a small sum, it amounted
in the aggregate to a very large one. Twelve
thousand three hundred and ninety-one copies
of the quarto edition (eighty for each Senator,
twenty-four for each member, and one hundred
for the Library) made 158,779,365 pages, and
amounted to $817,558 73. The actual cost of
doing this work, making all proper allowances
for capital invested, wear of type and machin-
ery, rents, &c., will not exceed one and a half
mills per page.
The profit of the publishers on the quarto
Globe furnished to the Forty-First Congress
amounted probably to $79,389 G8, and their
net profit for the ttvo years on the entire work,
including the Daily as well as the Congres-
sional Globe, could not have been less than
865,000. Is this too much? I leave gentle-
men to answer the question for themselves,
and beg that they will not conclude, from any
thing I have said, that I believe Rives & Bailey
received more than they were fairly entitled to
for doing the work. All must confess that it
was mostadmirably done, and I doubt whether
anybody else in the world could do it so well.
But what I mean to assert is that the cost of
the work we authorized them to do and paid
them for doing is infinitely greater than any
benefit which it will ever confer upon the
country.
Speech-making is one of the expensive lux-
uries of our civilization. If our constituents
realized that each ten-column speech, which
few of them have the perseverance to read,
cost the Government $1,384, there would be
a greater demand for silent men in the future
than there has been in the past, and the dif-
ference which the intelligent reader would very
readily strike between what the speech actu-
ally cost the country and its real value would
neither be satisfactory to himself, if a tax-payer,
nor complimentary to the orator.
There have been men in other Congresses,
not any, of course, in this, who, prompted pos-
sibly by a fondness for display, -or a desire to
refresh the memories of others in respect to
well-known facts, or to render themselves com-
fortable by permitting an old idea to be born
again, have cost the Government §50,000 a
Congress, and received only 35,000 a year for
their prodigious outlay of muscle and wind.
Can it be doubted that republics are ungrateful ?
These statesmen, instead of being sent to
Congress on such a miserable pittance per an-
num, to wear themselves out by the strain upon
their physical system, consequent upon their
frequent'deliveries, should have been provided
with comfortable quarters at a respectable
State institution, where, in their supremest
efforts, they might have been relieved some-
what by a judicious and timely application of
the strait-jacket.
The proposition submitted by Rives & Bailey
for continuing the publication of the Globe
asks S10 30 per column for plain matter, two
and a half times that amount for indexes and
tabular work, and two mills per page for trans-
ferring the same to the quarto edition. This
is an increase. Under the old contract we
paid $10 30 per column for all matter, but the
old plan of duplicating the indexes being dis-
continued, will, even at the increased rates per
column demanded by Rives & Bailey, enable
us to print, according to their estimate, the
same number of pages of debates during the
present Congress that were printed during the
last for $18,000 less than we then paid.
In justice to Rives & Bailey we should, as
soon as possible, provide for continuing the
Globe or determine to discontinue it. If per-
mitted by the Committee on Printing, I shall
at- an early day test the sense of the House on
this subject by offering a resolution to discon-
tinue the Globe on and after the 4th of March
next. Should that resolution be voted down
I shall, if permitted, present a resolution sim-
ilar to that adopted in 1869, authorizing tho
joint Committee on Printing to contract wiU
