1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T53
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
such place outside of the circuit as the parties
may in writing stipulate, except in causes
where such application cannot be heard by the
circuit judge of the circuit, or the district
judge of the district.
Sec. 8. That no indictment found and pre-
sented by a grand jury in any district or cir-
cuit or other court of the United States shall
be deemed insufficient, nor shall the trial,
judgment, or other proceeding thereon be
affected by reason of any defect or imperfec-
tion in matter of form only, which shall not
tend to the prejudice of the defendant.
Sec. 9. That in all criminal causes the
defendant may be found guilty of any offence
the commission of which is necessarily in-
tluded in that with which he is charged in
the indictment, or may be found guilty of an
attempt to commit the offence so charged:
Provided, That such attempt be itself a sepa-
rate offence.
Sec. 10. That on an indictment against
several, if the jury cannot agree upon a ver-
dict as to all, they may render a verdict as to
those in regard to whom they do agree, on
which a judgment shall be entered accord-
ingly ; and the cause as to the other defend-
ants may be tried by another jury.
Sec. 11. That any party or person desiring
to have any judgment, decree, or order of any
district or circuit court reviewed on writ of
error or appeal, and to stay proceedings there-
on during the pendency of such writ of error
or appeal, may give the security required by
law therefor within sixty days after the rendi-
tion of such judgment, decree, or order, or
afterward with the permission of a justice or
judge of the said appellate court.
Sec. 12. That in all criminal or penal causes
in which judgment or sentence has been or
shall be rendered, imposing the payment of a
fine or penalty, whether alone or with any
other kind of punishment, the said judgment,
so far as the fine or penalty is concerned, may
be enforced by execution against the property
of the defendant in like manner as judgments
in civil cases are enforced : Provided, That
where the judgment directs that the defendant
shall be imprisoned until the fine or penalty
imposed is paid, the issue of execution on the
judgment shall not operate to discharge the
defendant from imprisonment until the amount
of the judgment is collected or otherwise paid.
Sec. 13. That when in any suit in equity,
commenced in any court of the United States,
to enforce any legal or equitable lien or claim
against real or personal property within the
district where such suit is brought, one or
more of the defendants therein shall not be
an inhabitant of or found within the said dis-
trict, or shall not voluntarily appear thereto,
it shall be lawful for the court to make
an order directing such absent defendant to
appear, plead, answer, or demur to the com-
plainant's bill at a certain day therein to be
designated, which order shall be served on
such absent defendant, if practicable, where
ever found, or where such personal service is
not practicable, such order shall be published
in such manner as the court shall direct; and
in case such absent defendant shall not appear,
plead, answer, or demur within the time so
limited, or within some further time, to be
allowed by the court in its discretion, and
upon proof of the service of publication of said
order, and of the performance of the directions
contained in the same, it shall be lawful for
the court to entertain jurisdiction, and proceed
to the hearing and adjudication of such suit m
the same manner as if such absent defendant
had been served with process within the said
district, but said adjudication shall, as regards
such absent defendant without appearance,
affect his property within such district only.
Sec. 14. That when a poor convict, sen-
tenced by any court of the United States to
be imprisoned and pay a fine, or fine and
cost, or to pay a fine, or fine and cost, has
been confined in prison thirty days, solely for
the non-payment of such fine, or fine and cost,
such convict may make application in writing
to any commissioner of the United States
court in the district where he is imprisoned,
setting forth his inability to pay such fine, or
fine and cost, and after notice to the district
attorney of the United States who may appear,
offer evidence, and be heard, the commissioner
shall proceed to hear and determine the mat-
ter ; and if on examination it shall appear to
him that such convict is unable to pay such
fine, or fine and cost, and that he has not any
property exceeding twenty dollars in value,
except sach as is by law exempt from being
taken on execution for debt, the commissioner
shall administer to him the following oath:
"I do solemnly swear that I have not any
property, real or personal, to the amount of
twenty dollars, except such as is by law ex-
empt from being taken on civil precept for
debt by the laws of (state where oath is admin-
istered) j and that I have no property in any
way conveyed or concealed, or in any way dis-
posed of, for my future use or benefit. So help
me God." And thereupon such convict shall
be discharged, the commissioner giving to the
jailer or keeper of the jail a certificate setting
forth the facts.
Sec. 15. That if at any time after such dis-
charge of such convict it shall be made to
appear that in taking the aforesaid oath he
swore falsely, he may be indicted, convicted,
and punished for perjury, and be liable to the
penalties prescribed in section thirteen of an
act entitled "An act more effectually to pro-
vide for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States, and for other pur-
poses,'' approved March third, A. D. eighteen
hundred and twenty-five.
Sec. 16. That the fees of the commissioner
for the examination and certificate provided
for in this act shall be five dollars per day for
every day that he shall be engaged in such
examination.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Chap. CCLYL— An Act making Appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Ainerica in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending Juue thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-three, out of any moneys in
the Treasury arising from the revenues ot said
Department, in conformity to the act of July
second, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, as
follows:
For inland mail transportation, thirteen mil-
lion twenty-four thousand seven hundred and
sixty-three dollars.
For pay of mail messengers, six hundred
and three thousand six hundred and seventy-
four dollars.
For pay of route agents, nine hundred and
thirty-eight thousand and five dollars.
For pay of mail route messengers, seventy
thousand eight hundred and forty-one dollars.
For pay of local agents, fifty-eight thousand
four hundred and eighty-six dollars.
For pay of railway post office clerks, nine
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For pay of baggage-masters in charge of
through mails, six thousand two hundred dol-
ars- • 1 X.
For foreign mail transportation, three hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, ten
thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation to postmasters, five mil-
lion five hundred and twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For pay of clerks for post offices, two mil-
lion eight hundred thousand dollars.
For pay of letter-carriers, one million four
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For wrapping-paper, thirty thousand dollars.
For twine, thirty-eight thousand dollars.
For letter-balances, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For compensation to blank agents and assist-
ants, ten thousand dollars.
For office furniture, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For construction of coal vaults, six thousand
four hundred and twenty-two dollars and thirty-
five cents.
For altering windows to doors in court-yard,
eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For altering sky-lights and ventilation, one
thousand two hundred and seventy-five dol-
lars.
For doors on book-cases, and other repairs
thereon, in library and dead-letter office, three
thousand one hundred and eighty-seven dollars
and eighty cents.
For advertising, seventy thousand dollars:
Provided, That no part of this sum shall be
paid to any newspaper published in the Dis-
trict of Columbia for advertising any other
mail routes than those in Virginia and Mary-
land.
For manufacture of adhesive postage-stamps,
one hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
For manufacture of stamped envelopes and
newspaper wrappers, four hundred and fifty-
three thousand dollars: Provided, That no
envelope, as furnished by the Government,
shall contain any lithographing or engraving,
and no printing except a printed request to
return the letter to the writer.
For pay of distributing agent and assistants,
and incidental expenses of agency, seven thou-
sand dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents,
one hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
For ten additional special agents, at rates
of compensation now provided by law, twenty-
six thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars.
For chief of division for the office of mail
depredations, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For mail bags and mail-bag catchers, one
hundred and eighty thousand dollars.
For mail-locks and keys, forty thousand
dollars.
For post-marking and cancelling stamps for
offices, twelve thousand dollars.
For preparing and publishing post route
maps, twenty-two thousand dollars.
For balances due foreign countries, two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For rent of post offices, two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For fuel for post offices, one hundred and
ten thousand dollars.
For lights for post offices, one hundred and
twenty thousand dollars.
For stationery and miscellaneous items for
post offices, forty thousand dollars.
For registered package envelopes, forty-two
thousand dollars.
For official envelopes for the use of post-
masters, forty-nine thousand dollars.
For envelopes for return of dead letters to
the writers, five thousand five hundred dollars.
For fees to United States attorneys, mar-
shals, clerks of courts, and counsel neces-
sarily employed by special agents of the Post
Office Department, subject to the approval of
the Attorney General, ten thousand dollars.
For engraving, printing, aud binding drafts
and warrants, three thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
