4390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7.
the minority put a clog oti the machine and com-
pel us to persevere and overcome that obstruc-
tion by remaining, or else to run away and seek
rest in preference to the discharge of our
duties, it is true in only one sense, and I
think that sunse which,will hardly satisfy the
Senator from New Jersey, to say that the
majority compels the duration of the session
and that the minority does not.
This thing, as fairly stated, proceeds from
a debate and dilatory motions carried on by
the minority, not to influence the Senate, not
to influence the public mind. I shall be war-
ranted in saying that much of this proceeding
has been for the mere annihilation of time
and nothing else. To that the majority was
compelled to succumb, or else, as my friend
would say in the Naval Committee, to stand
to their guns, to maintain their post, to keep
the deck all night, if need be, and hold a long
watch.
My friend announced one thing that I wish
he had been correctly informed about. It
was, as I understood him, that we operated
here rather by platoons, that while some went
to bed the rest watched, and then those who
had gone to bed came back. Unfortunately
that has not been so. There is one Senator—
I do not see him now—-who was jaded and ill,
who I believe early in the evening did lie
down, but receiving news about bed time that
there was a session, rose from his bed and
came here about eleven o'clock. I know no
other Senator who has joined us.
Mr. STOCKTON. I beg leave to correct
the gentleman. The honorable Senator on
his left was taking a very quiet siesta on the
sofa when he was aroused a short time ago.
[Laughter.]
Mr. OONKLING. On the contrary I pro-
posed to my friend from New Jersey this
compromise: early in the night I told him that
if they would let us know how often they
would want gentlemen to be disturbed who
were lying down on the sofas, we would go
around and wake them up without ever calling
the yeas and nays. [Laughter.] I thought
that was a fair proposition; but it was not
accepted, and of course we could not carry it
out. They have certainly been very careful
to sleep with one eye open and one boot out,
as no one was able to get any sleep for more
than (on minutes at a time.
My friend will indulge me a moment further.
I have heard a good deal said, rather by way
of lling^ and taunt, in reference to men on the
Republican side of the Senate being opposed
to an adjournment on Monday and wanting nn
extra session, meaning to thwart and baffle
the completion of business and to extend the
session. I have not felt bound to respond on
all occasions when by gesture and by manner
I have been included as one of those so acting.
I wish now to say once for all, and I am quite
in earnest in what I say, that I want to com-
plete the business of this session ; I want to
avoid sending a resolution to the House to ex-
tend it. I want also to avoid casting upon tie
President the necessity or the consideration of
the necessity of convening an extra session.
I say also with equal seriousness, and with
equal good nature, that I will never by act or
omission while I remain in this Chamber be a
party to any assent, to any surrender, to any
agreement which shall concede to a minority,
never responsible for the legislation of the
session, the right to battle action, as well as
result, by the majority.
_ I do concede, and I trust I always will, the
right of the minority to have full opportunity
to discuss, consider, deliberate, act, and vote
upon measures; but never a minority will
grapple with the responsible majority upon
the issue that by dilatory motions, by speech-
making to kill time, they will rob or attempt
to rob the majority of its right, at its peril, for
which it is responsible, to take final action
upon legislation. Then, while I will not make
as strong a remark as my honorable friead
from Ohio did, I say that I trust I shall be the
very last (if there is any difference in time)
member of the majority to concede or enter-
tain such an idea.
Now, Mr. President, if we can come to any
arrangement agreeable to gentlemen on the
other side, by which we can vote at any time
to be fixed, I would be governed largely by
their convenience, but if they insist upon
waging with us a war of physical endurance,
I say to my honorable friend from New Jersey
that I will not retire, and I trust that no mem-
ber belonging to the majority will retire, from
the contest while nature gives him the strength
to maintain himself physically and discharge
his duty, for I should consider it a piece of
recreant disregard not only of our rights but
of our bounden duty.
Now, if my honorable friend who is so good-
natured, as he always is, and whose courtesy
is such that he never offends anybody, will
disperse abroad in the Chamber the genial
disposition of which he has so much and en-
able us to fix upon some time at which.or some
manner in which the minority and the majority
may record their judgment upon this bill, I
will exert myself industriously for one, and I
am sure other Senators on this side will help
me, to get such concurrence as will be con-
venient to us all.
And now in taking my seat I say to my hon-
orable friend that pleasant thing in reply to
his sunrise greeting which I promised, and
add that nobody can do this better than he can ;
and no member of this body, so far as I know,
enjoys more than he conferring a favor upon
others. I commend to him this opportunity
to do that, favor to us all.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, the gen-
tleness and kindness of the gentleman from
New York in his last remarks to me are such
as to disarm the few remarks that were occur-
ring to me during the eariy part of what he
said. There is only one thing now, and I wish
Senators would'think of it. The Senator of
Ohio is going to be dragged out of here piece-
meal, and the Senator from New York, I
cannot remember his phrase, but I am told
it was that, be would die in the last ditch,
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Oh, who told you that?
Mr. STOCKTON. Let me alone, if you
please.
Mr. CONKLfNG. That evidently came
from a Democratic source.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from New
York addressed himself to me during the
whole of his conversation. I did not object
to it at all. J made no point. 1 was exceed-
ingly obliged to him and received what he said
with great kindness, and appreciated it highly.
Now 1 say to him that I arise with a feeling
of terror inflicted on my mind from what is
going to happen to him and the Senator from
Ohio. The Senator from New York is going
to be dragged out of the ditch, or at all events
life is to be sacrificed before he will give ud
the position he has taken. The Senator from
Ohio is to be dragged out in piecemeal. Now
there are no two gentlemen in this Chamber—
and every Senator, Republican and Demo-
cratic, will indorse what I say—there are no
two gentlemen who have a higher position in
this country, both for powers of debate and for
courage; and if those two gentlemen have
made up their minds that one of them will be
dragged out piecemeal from this Chamber
and another that nothing shall happen to
induce him to go out of this Chamber until
with the authority of this body to permit him
to go, I deem it my duty, I deem it a matter of
humanity, to see that that permission is granted ;
1 feel as I did about the cattle bill. In refer-
ence to the cattle bill the Senator from New
York knows very well my heart and sympa-
thies were with the cattle, but at the same time
my vote was for the Constitution and the law.
Now the same struggle occurs. The Consti-
tution and laws of my country are on one side
and my feelings for the Senator from New j
York and the Senator from Ohio are on the
other.
Mr. President, we are all weak ; we are all
frail. My constituents may forgive me if at
this time in the morning a personal appeal from
the Senator from New York, and a considera-
tion of the terrors that will happen to him and
the Seriator from Ohio if the small minority
of this body who are charged with keeping
the session up, who are charged with all the
trouble that has happened here this night,
should continue their course, and these two
gentlemen should be presented before the peo-
ple of this country, one of them torn piece-
meal as if torn by wild beasts, and the other m
that terrible condition which I cannot recall
or remember, but I suppose it must be burned
at the stake, or some other terrible tiring of
that kind—what would the country say to us
now, what would my Democratic friends all
over the country say if this thing should hap-
pen? I for one am not willing to bear that
responsibility. Think of it. One of them the
chairman of the Committee on Finance; the
other the distinguished gentleman from New
York who leads the Administration party; and
this within almost a few hours after the nomin-
ation of the distinguished gentleman who has
been nominated by their party for President
of the United States, after the huzzas by which
the nomination was received are still sounding
in our ears about the Capitol of the nation, and
the water cut off by an edict from General
Babcock 1
Mr. CONKLING. It has been just let on.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. STOCKTON. I thank the Senator. I
am happy at that. It makes me joyous and
glad to know that the water is now turned on.
Was it turned on by order of General Bab-
cock ?
After that thing has gone on, would it do for
me to bear hard on those Senators? No; it
would not be right.
" Oh 1 it is excellent
To have a giant's strength ; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a ttiant."
I relax my power, and what I can do to
relieve these gentlemen from this terrible con-
dition in which we have got them, I shall do
with all my heart and all my will, and I beg
that my Democratic friends will go with me.
To relieve these gentlemen, I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESI DING- OFFICER, (at six o'clock
a. m.) 'Ihe Senator from New Jersey moves
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I now call for the question on
the motion which I made to take a recess until
ten o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from,
Georgia to take a recess until ten o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Kelly] is entitled to the
floor on the motion to postpone the bill
indefinitely.
Mr. BLAIR. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. BOREMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Blair, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, HU1, Kelly, Ransom, Saulsbury,
Stevenson, Stockton, and West—10.
NAYS—-Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Conklintr, Corbett, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Jfreling-
huysen, Howe, Kellogg, Logan, MorriJl of Maine,
Mornll of Vermont, Mye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer. Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, and Wilson—SI,
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, 5rownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Casserly, Clayton,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Dims of West Virginia,
iJenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Ooldthwaite,
iiamhn, Harlan, Hitchcock, Johnston, Lewis, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Rice, Robertson,
Schurz, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Win-
dom, and Wright—33.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
