754
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 1,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the •IJnited States.
To pay Augustine Bacon, of Georgia, for
services as post route agent, four hundred and
thirty-seven dollars and sixty-nine cents.
The bond of any married woman who may
be appointed postmaster shall be binding upon
her and her sureties, and she shall be liable
for misconduct in office as if she were sole.
Sec. 2. That the postmaster of every city
where branch post offices or stations are estab-
lished and in operation, subject to his super-
vision, is hereby authorized, under the direc-
tion of the Postmaster General, to issue, or. to
cause to be issued, by any of his assistants or
clerks in charge of branch post .offices or sta-
tions, postal money-orders payable at any
other money-order office, as the remitters,
thereof may direct; and that the postmaster,
and his sureties, shall in every case be held
accountable upon his official bond for all
moneys received by him or his designated
assistants or clerks in charge of stations from
the issue of money-orders under the provisions
of this act, and for all moneys which may come
into his or their hands, or be placed in his or
their custody by reason of the transaction by
them of money-order business. And all the
provisions of law now in force respecting the
issue and the payment of money-orders, and
the disposal of money-order funds, ill the cus-
tody of postmasters, shall apply to all money-
orders issued under the authority given by this
act, and to all moneys received from the issue
thereof.
Sec. 3. That, the following sums, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, be, and the same
are hereby, appropriated for the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, namely:
_ For steamship service between San Fran-
cisco, Japan, and China, five hundred thou-
sand dollars. And the Postmaster General
hereby authorized to contract with the.lowest
bidder, within three months after the passage
of this act, after sixty days' public notice, for
a term ot ten years from and after the first day
of October, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, for the conveyance of an additional
monthly mail on the said route, at a compen-
sation not to exceed the rate per voyage now
paid under the existing contracts, and upon
the same conditions and limitations as pre-
scribed by existing acts of Congress in refer-
ence thereto, and the respective contracts made
in pursuance thereof; and the contractors
under the provisions of this section shall be
required to carry the United States mails dur-
ing the existence of their contracts, without
additional charge, on all the steamers they
may run upon said line, or any part of it, or
any branch or extension thereof: Provided,
Ihat all steamships hereaiter accepted for
said service shall be of not less than four thou-
sand tons register each, and shall be built of
iron, and with their engines and machinery
shall be wholly of American construction, and
shall be so constructed as to be readily adapted
to the armed naval service of the United States
in case of war, and before acceptance the offi-
cers by whom they are inspected shall report
to the Secretary of the Navy and the Postmas-
ter General whether this condition has been
complied with: Provided, That in all cases
the officers of the ships employed in the ser-
vice herein provided for shall be citizens of
the United States, and that persons of foreign
birth, who have according to law declared
their intention to become citizens of the United
States, may be employed as though they were
ciuz.-ns within the meaning of this section, or
ot any act or acts specified in the act of June
twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
And the Government of the United States
shall have the right in case of' war to take for
the use uf the United States any of the steam-
ers of said line, and in such case pay a reason-
able compensation therefor: Provided, The
price paid shall in.no case exceed the original
cost of the vessel so taken, and this provision
shall gxtend to and be applicable to the steam-
ers of the Brazilian line .hereinafter provided
for.* _ ,
For steamship service between the United
States .and Brazil, one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For steamship service between San Fran-
cisco and the Sandwich Islands, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
Sec. 4. That if the revenues of the Post
Office Department shall Be insufficient to meet
the appropriations made by this act, then the
sum of five million seven hundred thousand
nine hundred and seventy dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to supply deficiencies in the revenue
of the Post Office Department 'for the year,
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three. And section twelve of the act
approved March third, eighteen hundred aud
forty seven, entitled " Au act to establish cer-
tain cost routes, and for other purposes and
section eight of the act approved March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, entitled "Au
act to reduce and modify the rates.of postage
in the United States, and for other purposes,"
so far as said sections provide for specific per-
manent appropriations for carrying free matter
in the mails for the several Departments and
for members of Congress, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed. And hereafter payment
for carrying such free matter shall be made
out of the annual appropriations.
Sec, 5. That it shall not be lawful for any
person who shall hereafter be appointed an
officer, clerk, or employee in auy of the Execu-
tive Departments to act'as counsel, attorney,
or agent for prosecuting any claim against the
United States which was pending in said De-
partments while he was said officer, clerk, or
employee, nor in any manner, nor by any
means, to aid in the prosecution of any such
claim, within two years next after he shall
have ceased to be such officer, clerk, or
employee.
Sec. ti.' That if the contract for the increase
of the mail service between San Francisco and
China and Japau to a semi monthly service
shall be made with the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, or shall be performed in the said
company's ships, or the ships of its successors
in interest, the moneys payable under such
contract shall be paid while the said company
or its successors in interest shall maintain and
run the line of steamships for the transport-
ation of freight and passengers at present run
between New York, and San Francisco, via the
Isthmus of Panama, by the said Pacific, Mail
Steamship Company, and no longer: Provided,
That said requirement shall in all respects
apply to any party contracting for the mail
service between San Francisco and China and
Japan, as well as to the Pacific Mail Steam-
ship Company.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
dition shall be allowed burial in the national
cemeteries of the,United States.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Ghap. CCLVII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "Au Act to establish and protect
National Cemeteries," approved February
twenty-second, eighteen hundred aud sixty-
seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thai from and afiei the
passage of this act all soldiers and sailors hon-
orably discharged from the service of the
United States who may die in a destitute con-
* The provision referred to for " steamer of tho
Brazilian line" was stricken from the bill, H. R.
1070.
Chap. CCLYIII.—An Act granting the Right
of Way to the Dakota Grand Trunk Railway
Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That tor the purpose of
enabling the Dakota Grand Trunk Railway
Company, a corporation organized under the
laws of Dakota, to extend its road and branches
by the most advantageous and practicable
lines, in accordance with its charters, the right
of way through the public lands in the Terri-
tory of Dakota be, and the same is hereby,
granted to said company. Said right of way
hereby granted to said company is to the ex-
tent of one hundred feet in width on each side
of the central line of said road and branches
where they may pass over the public lands;
and thete is also hereby granted to said com-
pany all necessary ground, not to exceed
twenty acres for each ten miles in length of
the main line of said railroad, 'for station
buildings, workshops, depots, machine-shops,
switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, water-sia-
tions, and so forth. And when it maybe neces-
sary to use material from the public lands
for the construction of said road, it may be
done ; but no private property shall be taken
for the use of said company, in said Terri-
tory; except in the manner now provided by
the laws thereof relative to the taking of such
property for like uses, and in which manner
it may be done, with compensation to the
owners as therein provided.
Sec. 2. That the said company shall have
power to mortgage, in the usual manner, its
franchise, road bed, and all properly of every
kind belonging to said company, to an amount
not exceeding twenty-five thousand dollars per
mite for the entire length of said road, upon
such terms as may to said company seem best ;
but in no case shall the United States be liable,
in any manner whatever, for any act or thing
done by said company.
Sec. 3. That the rights herein granted shall
not'preclude the construction of other roads
through any canon, defile, or pass on the route
of snid road.
Sec. 4. That said railway company shall
locate the route of said railroad, and file a
map of such location within one year in the
office of the Secretary of the Interior, and
shall complete its railroad within ten years
of the passage of this act; and nothing herein
contained shall be construed as recognizing
or denying the authority of the Legislature
of Dakota Territory to create railroad cor-
porations.
Sec. 5. That Congress reserves to itself the
right to alter, amend, or repeal this act when-
ever in its judgment the interests of the people
may require it.
Approved, June 1,1872.
Chap. CCLIX.—An Act relative to the Cen-
tennial International Exhibition, to be held
in the City of Philadelphia, State of Penn-
sylvania, in the year eighteen hundred and
seventy-six.
Whereas Congress did provide by an act
entitled "An act to provide for celebrating the
one hundredth anniversary of American inde-
pendence by holding an international exhibi-
tion of arts, manufactures, and products of
the soil and mine in the city of Philadelphia,
and State of Pennsylvania, in the year eight-
een hundred and seventy-six," approved
March third, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, for the appointment of commi^siotieis to
promote and control the exhibition of the
national resources and their development, and
