1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
ing out to them how they could succeed in
opposition to the life-long policy of Horace
Greeley. I think that was an unfortunate let-
ter for him to write ; and if General Grant
could_ be betrayed into writing such letters,
our friends on the other side would have a god-
send on which to go into the contest in the
coming fall.
But there is another letter that has been
■written, and but for that letter I am not pre-
pared to say what might have been the result
of the political campaign of 1868; at all events
the canvass would have been a little closer than
it was. The Democracy in 1868 took as their
standard-bearers Mr. Seymour for President
and Francis P. Blair as Vice President, the
latter of whom was the author of the letter
from which I ask the Clerk to read an extract.
The Clerk read as follows:
" There is but one way to restore the Government
and the Constitution, and that is for the President-
elect to declare these act null and void, compel the
Army to undo its usurpations at the South, disperse
the carpet-bag State governments, allow the white
people to reorganize their own governments, and
elect Senators and Representatives. The House of
Representatives will coDtain a majority of Demo-
crats from the North, and they will admit the Rep-
resentatives elected by the white people of theSouth;
and with the cooperation of the President, it will
not be difficult to compel the Senate to submit once
more to the obligations of the Constitution. It will
not be able to withstand the public judgment, if dis-
tinctly invoked and clcarly expressed on this funda-
mental issue; and it is the sure way to avoid all
future strife to put the issue plainly to the country."
Mr. WAKEMAN. While the Democracy
placed Governor Seymour on their ticket upon
a platform apparently loyal, they nominated
General Blair for Vice President in conse-
quence of having written that letter, and the
result is known to the country. Now, if Gen-
eral Grant could be betrayed into writing such
a letter as that, or some other letter, or making
some speech, or drawing some resolution, our
friends on the other side would have some
prospect of success, which they have not now;
and the very fact that General Grant does not
do so shows him to be a candidate who has
strength, as they will acknowledge some day.
Mr. NIBLAOK. I have a little curiosity to
know what the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wakeman] thinks of the recent letter
of President Grant indorsing ex-Collector
Murphy when he accepted his resignation?
Mr. WAKEMAN. If the gentleman will
produce that letter I shall be very glad to read it.
Mr. NIBLACK. I suppose the gentleman
has read it.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I have read it: and I may
come to that question before I get through.
Mr. Speaker, as connected with the history of
that party that is now seeking to supplant
General Grant and the Republican party, I
wish to call attention to the second resolution
of the platform of that party in 1864.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Rexolved, That this convention does explicitly
declare, as the sen-c of the American people, that
after four years of failure to restore the Union by
the experiment of war, during which, under the pre-
tense of a military necessity, of war power higher
than the Constitution, the Constitution itself has
been disregarded in every part, and public liberty
and private rigbt alike trodden down, and the mate-
rial prosperity of the country essentially impaired,
justice, humanity, liberty, and the public welfare
demand that imtucdiato efforts be made for a cessa-
tion ot hostilities, with a view to an ultimate con-
vention of the States, or other peaceable means, to
the end that at the earliest practicable moment
peaco may bo restored on the basis of the Federal
Union of the States."
Mr. WAKEMAN. Mr. Speaker, while the
eyes of the nation wore turned in the direction
of the Army of the Republic, a great party met
in convention and adopted the resolution just
read as a part of the platform on which they
proposed to go to the country. If they had
not adopted that, unwise resolution, though I
do not say they would have succeeded, they
would in my judgement have obtained a great
many more votes than they did. Sir, before the
gentlemen who composed that convention had
fairly got to their homes, important victories
were won by our generals in the field. From
the cannon's mouth the answer was given to
that resolution. Victory followed victory until
the surrender at Appomattox Court-House.
Now, sir, if our friends on the other side
had not written any letters, had not passed
any resolutions, had not made any speeches,
they would, I apprehend, have been much
stronger than they were in the two canvasses
to which I have referred.
I might refer, Mr. Speaker, to another cele-
brated instance of a man, perhaps the first in
this nation, the great Daniel Webster himself.
When he made his speech of 7th of March,
1850, he gave the death-blow to any aspiration
he may have entertained of reaching the Pres-
idency of the United States. There was after
that no hope he would accomplish the object
of bis ambition. I do not say he would have
been President if he had not made that speech,
but I do say that when he undertook to
defend the fugitive slave law in 1850, and
proclaimed himself in favor of the compro-
mise measure, so called at that time, he gave
up whatever chance he may have had for
securing the Presidency.
It was proclaimed by our friends on the
other side that past issues were to be buried.
They said, "Let the dead bury the dead;"
that " the issues of the war have been disposed
of, and now let us get at something else." It
would have been wise for them had they car-
ried out that policy. But what has been their
history? All the way through, ever since the
war, whenever an opportunity was afforded to
them to place themselves upon the record,
they kept right along with the same old policy
they pursued during the war. When the war
broke out it is not surprising our friends on
the other side were embarrassed, because all
of the States in the South which went into
rebellion were Democratic States. It is not
surprising, therefore, that our friends on the
other side were embarrassed as to what policy
they should pursue. When secession and
rebellion ended in open war, the Democratic
party of the North began to look at its own
position at home. The result was that they
were placed in a position from which I appre-
hend they can never rise again, because the
record of their sympathy with those who
fought against the Government is too plainly
written upon our political history ever to be
forgotten.
Of course they have said " We will bury the
past." Now, let us see whether they have done
any such thing. How have they done it ? I
know that a " new departure" was proclaimed
by them during the last winter or spring, in
which, however, the party did not agree at
all. Ever since then, whenever they have
had a chance to place them upon the record
in reference to the late war, what have they
done? 1 need only refer to the resolution
offered by Mr. Wilson, of Indiana, about the
13th of March last, in reference to the action
of the Indiana senate, in which he proposed
that the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States should be considered as a "finality."
This was after the celebrated Vallandigham
new departure. The yeas and nays being
called upon the resolution, every Democrat
present and voting voted against the resolu-
tion to make those amendments of the Consti-
tution a "finality." If our friends on the
other side are disposed to let the dead bury the
dead, and to let the past be forgotten, why
then did they put themselves upon the record
against the new departure proclaimed by some
of their leaders? It is because they cannot
forget their record during the war, for it is a
part and parcel of the history ot their party.
Later in the history of the first session of
this Congress it was published through the
length and breadth of the land that grow out-
rages had been committed in the South. A
committee was ordered, but before it could be
sent to the field of its duties the famous Ku
IClux bill was brought into the House. W ho
not recollect the history of legislation in
reference to that bill ? Who does not recol-
lect the able debate upon that bill? Who does
not recollect that the best talent of the Demo-
cratic side of the House was brought forward
against it? They did not take ground in favor
of the§e outrages. They are as kindly as any-
body else. They have hearts as sympathetic
as other men. They, however, denied the
existence of these outrages. They proclaimed
the Republicans were getting up something by
which they might be enabled to send the mili-
tary into the South to control the elections
of 1872. They denied the existence of the
outrages. We passed the bill, however, and
during the discussion they warned us that who-
ever voted for the bill, unconstitutional as it
was, would never be again returned to Con-
gress, and that " the places which knew them
would know them no more forever." Yet the
Republican party adhered to what it deemed
to be its duty to the couutry, and the bill
became a law. What has been the result? Is
any one now prepared to state that no outrages
have been perpetrated in the South, that there
was nothing to investigate, that no law was
required at our hands? I think not. Right
here, as a part of the history of this transaction,
I ask the Clerk to read an extract which I
send to him.
The Clerk read as follows:
" I have listened with unmixed horror to some of
the testimony which has been brought before you.
Xhe outrages proved are shocking to humanity; they
admit of neither excuse or justification; they vio-
late every obligation which law and nature imposes
upon men; they show that tbeparties engaged were
brutes, insensible to the obligations of humanity
and religion. The day will come, however, if it has
not already arrived, when they will deeply lament
it. Even if justice shall not overtake tliein, there
is one tribunal from which there is no hope. It is
their own judgment—that tribunal which sits in
the breast of every living man, that small, still voice
that thrills through the heart, the soul of the mind,
and as it speaks gives happiness or torture—the
voice of conscience, the voice of God. If it has not
already spoken to them in tones which have startled
them to the enormity of their conduct, I trust, in
the mercy of Heaven, that that voice will speak
before they shall be called above to account for the
transactions of this world. That it will so speak as
to make them penitent, and that trusting iu the dis-
pensations of Heaven, whoso justice is dispensed
with mercy, when they shall be brought before the
bar of their great tribunal, so to speak, that incom-
prehensible tribunal, there will be found in the fact
of their penitence, or in their previous lives, some
grounds upon which God may say pardon."—Speech
of Hon. Kevcrdy Johnson in Kti Ktux trials, Decem-
ber 18.
Mr. WAKEMAN. Those are not the words
of any Radical, not the words of any "Black
Republican." but t'nc words of Hon. Reverdy
J ohnson on the trial of Mitchell, which recently
took place in South Carolina.
In the same connection lot me read an
extract from the speech of a gentleman on the
other side who stands high in the Democratic
party:
" Perhaps there are gentlemen on the opposite side
of this Chamber who expect to derive much party
benefit from the recent investigation into the out-
rages of the South. In this they will be mistaken.
It is true there have been crimes there, crimes that
have made my blood boil with indignation when I
heard tbeir recital."
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. VoOR-
hees,] I believe, stands high in his party, and
will be considered good authority on that sub-
ject. Now, I submit whether or not the his-
tory of the last three or four months since the
close of the last session has not vindicated the
Republican majority in both Houses of Con-
gress. And if any still deny the existence of
the Ku Klux at the South, let them pay a visit
to Albany, where a delegation has recently
arrived, consisting, I believe, of some sixteen
of the convicted criminals sent there under
sentence.
Mr. Speaker, I have said that the Repub-
lican party, in my judgment, in 1872 would be
a unit m New York. But I may be met here
with the question, •' What do you expcct of
the Greeley men there, the men who read
the Tribune?" I will tell you what I shall
expect of them. The Greeley men, as they
