1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1703
clusively that I had no contract with Mr. John-
son in regard to these oases, that I was employed
in the MeCardle case originally by General
Grant, now President of the Dinted States, sub-
sequently by Mr. Stanton in the Georgia case,
and of course contradict absolutely the state-
ment that Mr. Johnson employed me, and the
whole country knows, I think, that Mr. Johnson
entertained vie\ys entirely antagonistic to those
that I was employed to sustain. He had vetoed
our reconstruction acts, and the bills had been
passed over his vetoes.
Congress also gave its sanction to the employ-
ment of counsel by the Secretary of War. I
read an act of Congress:
Resolution to authorize the Secretary of War to
employ counsel in certain cases.
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, &c.. That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, authorized to employ counsel for the de-
fense of the General of the Army. Major General
George G. Meade, and Brevet Brigadier General
Thomas II. Ruger, provisional governor of Georgia,
and any other officer or person intrusted with the
enforcement of the reconstruction acts, or either of
them, against any suit or proceeding in any court
in relation to their official acts.
This resolution President Johnson refused
to approve, and it became a law without his
signature.
Congress also at another time during the
year 1868 appropriated $50,000 to enable the
Secretary of War to meet the expenses of de-
fending suits broughtagainstpartiesforexecut-
ing the orders of the Government, and appro-
priated several million dollars for the purpose
of carrying out the reconstruction acts, the
bills having generally passed contrary to the
wishes of the President and without his ap-
proval. The law which passed in March, 1807,
declared that—
" All expenses incurred hy the several command-
ing generals or by virtue of orders issued or ap-
pointments made by them under and by virtue of
this act. shall be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
It was under the reconstruction acts estab-
lishing military governments in the South that
MeCardle was arrested and tried by a military
commission; and at various times Congress
appropriated large sums of money to defend
officers charged with the execution of those
acts. The suits, both the MeCardle case and
the Georgia case, were against officers ap-
pointed under the reconstruction acts and
against the General of the Army, and are the
very suits alluded to in the laws which I have
read.
So you will see, Mr. President, that so far
from having been employed by Mr. Johnson
in the MeCardle or the Georgia case, and to
defend the reconstruction acts, I was employed
by persons in favor of those acts to which he
was opposed, and which he desired to have set
aside.
The statement of this letter writer is that
the employment was contrary to '' the law of
April 21, 1868"—it is printed, but I presume
it means 1808—" section two, making it a
misdemeanor punishable by a fine of |2,000
for any member of Congress to enter intoany
such contract with any United States officer,
and section five of the same.act, making it a
misdemeanor for any officer to make such a
contract."
You will see not only that I am charged with
having subjected myself to a fine for being
employed, but also that the officer employing
me, General Grant, as it turns out, was guilty
of a misdemeanor in making the employment.
There is no such law as is stated, applicable to
the employment of counsel. The act referred
to applies to contracts made with the Gov-
ernment, and requires that in the making of
those contracts a clause shall be inserted that
no member of Congress is interested in them,
such as contracts for carrying the mails, and
other contracts for supplies, &c., made by the
different Department-*, and has no application
to the employment, of counsel in the Supreme
Court of the United States, and if it had, it
would be superseded by subsequent laws
which have been passed in reference to that
subject. There is a law, passed some years
ago, which prohibits a member of Congress
from practicing in the Court of Claims, and
there is also another statute which prohibits a
member of Congress practicing in behalf of
any claim against the Government of the Uni-
ted States, before the Departments, but there
is an express exception in the statute author-
izing him to practice in the judicial tribuuals,
and any member of Congress is at liberty to
practice in the courts of the United States
either for or against the Government. So
that there is no such statute as is referred to
by this writer, applicable to a case of this kind.
But, Mr. President, if there was such a
statute having application to the. employment
of counsel, which was not repealed, it would
clearly apply to General Grant and not to Mr.
Johnson, because it was General Grant and
not Mr. Johnson who employed me. Let not
the instigators of these calumnies squirm from
the position in which they have placed them-
selves. It is alleged to be a fine opportunity
to unmask a hypocrite and punish crime.
Let the instigators of these slanders institute
their proceedings against General Grant who,
they say, unites with all other good Repub-
licans to punish unfaithful officers. Will they
do it? It it would have been a crime in Pres-
ident Johnson to employ me, it was a crime
in General Grant to employ me. No, sir, they
will not do it; and the slimy snake, startled
by approaching footsteps, will not crawl to his
hole quicker than the author of this article,
when it is ascertained that the employment
was by General Grant and not by President
Johnson; and when I say the author of this
article, I do not mean the person signing his
name "C. M." who writes it, but I mean its
instigator and prompter.
Mr. President, it was supposed that I could
be injured by the statement that the employ-
ment was by President Johnson, when as a
judge I did not find him guilty of high crimes
and misdemeauers. The facts, however, show
that I was employed by General Grant before
the articles ot impeachment were found, and
the fact is that I was paid by the Secretary of
War, and not by President Johnson, who had
nothing to do with it.
Now, sir, what is to be thought of such false-
hoods as these, that I had been employed and
received money from the person on trial before
me, when the facts show that I was employed
and paid hy those most earnestly in favor of
his conviction ? And the now Senator from
Wisconsin, who then was my associate in the
cases, will bear testimony I think—I know he
must—that the fee was fixed by the Secre-
tary of War himself, by Mr. Stanton, although
not paid till afterward.
I am informed that the writer, by which
I do not mean the author of the calumnies
which I have exposed, is in the employment
of the Government and receives a salary. He
hails from Michigan. The article appears in
a Michigan paper. The Senate and the coun-
try, in connection with the resolution that was
offered upon this subject, will draw their own
conclusion.
It is no unusual thing for members of Con-
gress to appear as attorneys in the Supreme
Court of the United States. Two of the most
distinguished members of the House of Rep-
resentatives argued the celebrated Milligan
case, one on one side and one on the other,
one for the Government, and the other against
it; and through the whole history of the Gov-
ernment, members of both Houses of Con-
gress have been in the habit of taking cases
in the courts both for and against the Govern-
ment. The employment was proper, it was
legal; it was wholly unobjectionable, as I con-
ceive, and there was no excuse for such a
publication as lhave caused to be read.
And yet it, seems there is in the employ of
this Government and under pay a person pre-
paring letters to be sent out to the country i
calumniating those who do not happen to
agree with perhaps the influence which keeps
him in office. How much reliance the local
papers, to whom these letters may be sentthat
they may be copied elsewhere, can place on
their correspondents, " our Washington corre-
spondent," as it is called, they will be able
to determine after the exposure which I have
now made. Do you suppose that this writer
will correct in his next letter those falsehoods ?
Do you suppose the papers that have copied
and commented upon it will correct their cal-
umnies ? More likely they will invent others
to send out to the country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
will pause at this point. The morning hour
has expired, and the bill (H. R. No. 173) to
repeal the duties on salt is before the Senate,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall occupy but a
few moments more.
Several Senators. Let him finish.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the unfinished business will be passed
over informally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I doubt not the corre-
spondent who wrote the calumnies I have ex-
posed will repeat them and suffer himself to be
used again as a tool for the purpose of cir-
culating others. What else could you expect
either from the instigator or the publisher of
such falsehoods? .
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has stated
what he desired to state in his own defense,
but it seems to me now I ought not to be
required to give way further for his arraign-
ment of another person.
Several Senators. Let him finish.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it is not
the first time that the Senator from Ohio has
thus interfered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The tariff bill
is before the Senate, and the Senator from
Ohio having reported it, is entitled to the floor
upon it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator
from Ohio will yield to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am sick and weary with
personal discussions in the Senate of the
United States. The Senator has stated all the
facts he desired to state in his defense, and
now is going further; but I will waive my right
in deference to others.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Ohio, with a statement in reference to me that
I was employed by Andrew Johnson when on
trial for impeachment, and paid a fee by him,
and reiterated over this country, when it is all
absolutely false, and I am showing that to the
Senate, thinks proper to rise and cut me off
from stating it, let him avail himself of that
right.
Mr. SHERMAN, Has not the Senator dono
that? .And then he proceeds to arraign a man
whose name is not given to us, a man whom
we do not know, of whom he is speaking we
are not informed. It seems to me the matter
of personal statement has already gone far
enough.
Several Senators. Let him go on.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the objection
in deference to Senators.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois will proceed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President,
why are these calumnies invented and circu-
lated in reference to myself? Is it because in
the discharge of public duty I have sought to
uncover abuses and expose corruptions with a
view to their correction? I know of no other
cause. They who are to have their iniquities
exposed by reform will always assail the mo-
tives and attack the reputation of those who
seek to expose them.
"No rogue e'er felt the halter draw,
With good opinion of the law."
And these corruptionists, who live upon
plunder, will always squirm and assail those
who expose them, but an intelligent public
will soon learn how much importance to attach
