1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
upon laying the unfinished business upon the
table that the assignment may operate.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to make a
suggestion. Is this proposition a motion to
lay on the table ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Undoubtedly I make that
motion.
Mr. MORTON. I understand it will take
nearly all the afternoon to read the postal
code bill. I hope we shall go on with legisla-
tion to-day and have a night session for that
bill. Nobody wants to hear it read and nobody
will stay to hear it read. I will agree to come
up some night for that purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us lay it aside inform-
ally and proceed with the unfinished business.
Mr. STEWART. The unfinished business
is before the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have got a day session
for the bill now. Now is the time to read it,
not some other time ; and I fear I shall not
get that some other time. You liave agreed
to give me this day. If you refuse to do so,
what assurance have I that I can get another?
Mr. POMEROY. It will come up when the
railroad bill is disposed of, if laid aside in-
formally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Minnesota allow me to say a word? I have
~ 110 particular interest in the Post Office bill;
but I do think after we have had these under-
standings we ought to carry them out. Yes-
terday I voted with the Senator from Nevada
for the purpose of allowing him to go on with
his Pacific railroad bills because he had had
thatdgy assigned, though there was unfinished
business then, just as there is now. This day
has been assigned to the Senator from Minne
sota. If the Senate thinks proper to stop
assigning days to committees, very well; but,
so long as we do that, it seems to me we can-
not make this discrimination.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to appeal to
the Senator from Minnesota. I do not sup-
pose there are any Senators who want to listen
to the reading of the postal code bill, and it
can be done at an evening session just as well;
suppose we say Monday evening.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
Nevada would give way to me for a moment.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose we go on for a
little while on the railroad bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us go on and read this
postal code bill. .
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to ask if this ques-
tion is debatable. A motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not debat-
able, but tlie Senator from Minnesota yielded
and debated himself. The Chair asked him
if he insisted upon it, and he then received
suggestions in regard to it. The motion is
not debatable, but it is not now pending.
Mr. RAMSEY. I renew the motion to lay
the unfinished business 011 the table and pro-
ceed with the consideration of House bill No.
1, to revise, consolidate, and amend the stat-
utes relating to the Post Office Department.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
to withdraw that motion and let it be laid aside
informallv.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania objected to debate, and
the motion cannot be debated.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes '29, noes 26.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to have the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMONDS. I wish to make an in-
quiry before I vote, so that I may vote under-
standingly. Will it be in order, if this bill be
laid 011 the table, then to move to proceed
with the tea and coffee bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be by
laying the postal code bill 011 the table. The
postal code bill will come up by assignment
if the railroad bill is laid on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. It would be in order to
move to proceed to the consideration of any-
thing on the Calendar as well as that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 28 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry
of Michigan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson,
Pratt, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Spraguc, Sumner, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Windom. and Wright,—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boreman, Caldwell,
Cameron, Casserly, Clayton, Cooper, Corbett, Feu-
ton, Frclinghuysen, Harliin, Hill, Hitohcook, John-
ston, Kellogg, Logan, Morton, Osborn, Pomerov,
Rice. Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Stewart,
Stockton, and West—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky. Davis
of West Virginia, Flanagan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Kelly, Lewis Norwood. Nye.
Pool, Schura, Sherman, Stevenson, Thurman, Vick-
ers, and Wilson—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Texas
Pacific railroad bill remains before the Senate.
texas pacific railroad.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
724) supplementary to an act entitled " An act
to incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, and to aid in the construction of its
road, and for other purposes," approved March
3, 1871, the pending question being 011 the
amendment of Mr. Edmonds to the amendment
of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad to
the second section of the bill.
The amendment of the committee was to
insert after the word "aforesaid," in the
twelfth line of the second section, the follow-
ing words:
And all or any portion of tho lands acquired by
any arrangement or purchase, or terms of consolida-
tion with any railroad company or companies, to
whom grants of land may have been made or may
hereafter be made by any congressional, State, or
territorial authority, or who may havo purchased
the same, previous to any such arrangement or con-
solidation.
The amendment to the amendment was to
strike out the words "or may hereafter be
made."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the amendment to
the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 31; as follows: >
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Ferry of
Connecticut, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Sauls-
bury, Tburman, and Trumbull—13.
NAYS — Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Casserly, Clayton, Conkling, Cooper,
Corbett, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan. Goldthwaite,
Hamlin, Hill, Hrtchcock. Johnston. Kellogg, Kelly,
Logan, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Rice, Robertson,
Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton,
and West—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Cragin. Davis of Ken-
tucky, Davis ol West Virginia, Edmunds, Flana-
gan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland. Lewis. Morrill
of Vermont, Norwood, Nye, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Sawyer, Schim. Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson,
Vickers, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—29.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the committee as
amended heretofore.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let it be read as it now
stands.
The Chikf Clerk. The amendment as
amended is on page 2 in the second section,
to insert:
And all or any portion of the lands acquired by
any arrangement or purchase, or terms of consolida-
tion lawfully authorized by said act of March 3,
1871, with any railroad company or companies, to
whom grants of lands may have beon made or may
hereafter be made by any congressional, State, or
territorial authority, or who may have purchased
the same, previous to any such arrangement or con-
solidation.
Mr. CASSERLY. The word "lawfully"
is superfluous there, and became so by reason
of the amendment made yesterday on my sug-
gestion. I think it ought to be taken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be 110
objection, this word "lawfully," which the
Senator states is superfluous, will bo regarded1
as omitted.
Mr. THURMAN. Why should that be
done? - -' -
• Mr. CASSERLY. Whatever is authorised
by an act of Congress referred to in so many,
words must be lawfully authorised. I think*
we are bound to assume that the authority we
give is a lawful one.
Mr. THURMAN. I was not here when the
amendment was made.
Mr. CASSERLY*. I will explain to the
Senator from Ohio—I ought to hove done so
yesterday while he was on his feet—that in-
order to obviate any possible objection of in-
definite and unlimited consolidation between
the Texas Pacific and other railroad com-
panies, and indefinite and unlimited acquisition
of lands thereby, I offered an amendment yes-
terday, which was adopted by general con-
sent, limiting the effect of this amendment, in
italics, to such consolidations as might be made
under the authority of the act of March 3, 1871.
If the Senator from Ohio will give me his at-
tention long enough, he will see by a reference
to that act, which 1 hold in my hand, and to
section four of it, which is the only one so far
as I know that bears on the subject, that the
authority of the Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany "to purchase the stock, land grants,
franchises, and appurtenances of, and consol-
idate with any railroad company or com-
panies," is precisely limited to such." company
or companies" as have been "heretofore
.chartered by congressional, State, or territo-
rial authority, on the route prescribed in the
first section of this act; but no such consolida-
tion shall be with any competing through line
of railroads to the Pacific ocean." The con-
solidation referred to and the acquisitions re-
ferred to in this amendment are limited, as
the amendment now stands, to such companies
as were chartered at tlie date of the passage
of the foimer act, which was in 1871, and to
such companies as were chartered to run on
the route of this road.
Mr. THURMAN. What are they?
Mr. CASSERLY. I have a general idea,
not a very specific one ; but I think there are
not more than three or four; but whether they
be more or fewer, the authority is given already,
in a certain shape, by the act which we passed
last year; and, so far as I understand this
amendment, the effect of it is, in substance, to
permit such lands as may be acquired under
the circumstances described by the words in
italics to be applied in aid of the land bonds
and to increase the security on which those
bonds rest. That is my understanding of the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Js there objec-
tion to omitting the word "lawfully?" Because
if there is, it cannot be done until the bill
comes into the Senate.
Mr. THUR.MAN. Those words were in-
serted by the Senate on the motion of the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from Ohio
will allow me a further explanation : after the
words " lawfully authorized " were put in, and
after some disnuss'on had intervened, my
amendment to insert the words "by said act
of March 3, 1871," after " authorized," so as
to make the limitation of the new amendment
specific, was adopted.
Mr. STEWART. You modified his amend-
ment by unanimous consent.
Mr. CASSERLY. Undoubtedly. Hence
the word "lawfully," as it seems to me, is clear
surplusage, because when we speak in an act
of Congress of certain things being authorized
by a previous act, we do not, 11' ed to put in the
word " lawfully," 1 think. I suggest that to
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly not; but the
word "lawfully," which is suggested to be
stricken out, relates to the consolidations.
Mr. CASSERLY. A consolidation which
