3496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
of these wide, spacious avenues as being great
arteries or lungs through which the people
could breathe. I should like to see him march
down Pennsylvania avenue on a dusty day
now and breathe through his lungs, [laughter,]
when but a few steps would bring him, this pop-
ulation, its children, its man servants, and its
maid-servants, into one of the most beautiful
parks in the world, out of the dust and secure
from all the noise and travel of the avenue.
But I differ with my honorable friend.
I say $64,000,000 was granted to the Pacific
railroads by the Government, and this was
loaned to them on interest. How do you think
the interest account stands of these corporations
that are sending out their free passes inviting
gentlemen to pass over and see how they are
conducted, and what a great business they are
doing? How do you suppose the interest ac-
count stands between them and the people of
the United States? The United States has paid
the interest upon those bonds to the amount
of $14,900,000, and the railroad companies
have given the people of the United States
credit for three millions in the shape of trans-
portation. The balance, eleven millions of
interest, is owing by these companies. That is
the account in money; the land account you
know.
Mr. President, power is a thief; it steals by
night and by day. Its hunger is never sat-
isfied ; its conscience never disturbed; and
we have it here. These corporations have
seized your public domain; they have got
your money. This one, strong, insatiate,
comes here and will gratify its lust upon the
poor fragments of property in this metropoli-
tan city of the United States. Shame, I say,
upon the men who would undertake to do
it, shame upon the men who would press the
proposition—I do not mean honorable Sen-
ators here, but gentlemen who look at them,
who surround them, and who would have them
do this thing.
Mr. President, possibly my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania thinks I am speaking
not to the point. I have been speaking on
the subject generally, because it is a ques-
tion on which I feel. I have one more point
to make upon it, and I would appeal to hon-
orable Senators whether they can justify theta-
selves in ratifying this act of a council that
has expired long since. Do honorable Sen-
ators know, about which there can be no dis-
pute, that on the very last night of the session
of the last council of the city of Washington
the bill was passed making this grant, before
the new District government came into exist-
ence, not much better, in my judgment, than
the other; but still it is the existing govern-
ment, and therefore, so far as it can, it may
give evidence of the feeling of this people?
They have some returning consciousness that
this is all wrong. The Legislature met, and
the council unanimously passed a resolution
requesting Congress to halt; a similar resolu-
tion was introduced into the lower branch, and
it failed of a passage there by a tie vote. This
tends to show the view of the people of this
District at this time.
Now, if this bill is to pass, I ask one thing
at the hands of the Senate. Let it pass the
ordeal at least of the present government in
power in this District; give the people here a
chance, give them an opportunity of vindicat-
ing in some way their right to this property
dedicated to them and to their uses forever.
Let this bill be amended so that before it shall
go into effect it shall meet the approval of the
present District government. It is nothing
but fair and honest and just to require that
where an old council expired that passed this
grant through in one night, without a chance
of knowing anything about it, the present
government, whatever it maybe, should have
a chance to vindicate the rights of the city in
this respect. When once this company puts
its foot upon a piece of this land there they
will stand, and they will resist you to the end
of time, or until you pay,them better than
they will be paid now by having their depot
at this place.
I ask the Senate, to be warned in regard to
this. Every act that has been done hitherto
giving ftway the public property dedicated by
our fathers in this day you are paying" for
to-day. You passed a bill the other day to
reclaim two squares adjoining the Capitol that
we gave away fifty years ago, and I give you
notice tonight, Mr. President,and fellow Sen-
ators, that it will not be twenty years after you
have done this great wrong before you will
require this land to be redelivered into your
hands, and then the question will come what
you shall pay, as it is the question now, for
the blocks of buildings on the squares which
you once gave up. I say again that wherever
you in later days have departed from the ori-
ginal design of the founders of this pity you
have signally failed,.and afteT generations have
so testified by requiring the property again.
Now, Mr. President, with the remarks I
have made—and they have been protracted
with no desire to detain the Senate—I shall
have nothing more to say generally upon the
bill, though I may have occasion to speak on
amendments, as they may from time to time
be offered to the bill by others, aad as I may
offer them myself.
, Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I de-
sire to submit some few remarks on this sub-
ject. I am admonished, however, that it is
after nine o'clock. I know that the Senators
are fatigued, but they have been well enter-
tained. I will submit a proposition at the
outset, that I think no issue will be raised
upon. We have heard a long speech; I will
go further, and say we have heard a strong
speech. I will not stop there; we have heard
a powerful speech. Sir, this i? a peculiar sea-
son of the year. The American people are
admonished of the fact, occasionally to their
regret, that large portions of Maryland, Penn-
sylvania, and Virginia are visited at this time
with a serious drought. Whenever that is the
case, the citizens become greatly interested,
and when they hear the wind howl, and the
lightuings flash, and the thunder roll, they
all jump and run, leaving the breakfast or
dinner table, to see what kind of a rain they
are likely to have, from what point of the
compass is the happy cloud coming to relieve
them, and upon many occasions, particularly
when these droughts are prevailing, lo, and
behold, there is no rain.
We have heard the speech that I have
alluded to, loud, eloquent, powerful. Has
there been rain sufficient to lay the dust so
that you cannot see where a carriage has made
a print, much less to defeat this great enter-
prise of this mighty railroad with its powerful
car? This is an enterprise that cannot bo
killed off by loud, long, powerful, and pointed
speeches. No, sir; that day has passed.
'' Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth
speaketh." My distinguished friend from
Maryland could not get through his argu-
ment—it was in his way from time to time, but
constantly out it would come—without bringing
in the Cincinnati convention, and the old
Democracy of days that are not only passed
and gone, but that ou'ght scarcely to be re-
membered at this enlightened day. Baltimore
is likewise vivid in his mind, and he wants to
call our attention to what is soon to transpire
there. I regret that he does so, because in
bringing to mind Baltimore unhappy associa-
tions are revived by it, and history repeats
itself, we are admonished from time to time.
He to-night is the strong advocate of the great,
beautiful, and happy city of Washington,^ with
the most splendid Capitol known to civilized
man, with all the fond recollections and asso-
ciations pertaining to the mighty patriot whose
name it bears, the founder of this great and
grand Republic. And yet, notwithstanding all
these fond historical associations, we cannot
forget that not many years since the martyred
Lincoln, who afterward was,..assassinated in
this beautiful and happy city, could not on one
occasion wend his way to the capital of this
mighty nation safely through Baltimore! Balti-
more! Baltimore! I have no prejudice against
it; but the association is not a very happy one ;
the portrait is not a beautiful one to me, to say
the least of it. Now, I think the friends of
the city of Washington,, those who have stood
by her and still expect to .do so, may well upon
this occasion stand, forth and claim to be her
advocates.
Leaving that question and coming down to
the facta, what are they? Forty years ago, if
we were to go back, inviting the mind thus to
do, a proposition of this kind being submitted,
what would have been the result? I might
well illustrate, and it would be demonstrated
beyond an issue, for it. is realized) and the in-
telligence that I am now addressing will bear
me witness that the statements are correct. I
am more familiar with affairs in Louisiana and
Texas, but I presume the s^ma thing would
hold good in the North and in the , West. If a
proposition was submitted to them to give them
a depot, would there be any hesitation , on the
subject? If this had been asked forty years
ago by this company or any company that was
understood to be able to do that which they
propose to do, would there have been ]0bjec-
tion? The answer woujd have been "Just go
and take as many acres as you like.!' By our
constitution the counties and towns in Texas
are authorized to vote subsidies to invite rail-
roads, and the counties there may vote bonds
to a certain amount, and they are doing so fre-
quently whenever they have an opportunity of
thus doing. i
But we are told that this is the city of
Washington, and that we want parks here.
Now, as has been said by my distinguished
friend ou my left, [Mr. Cameron,] much more
ably than I can, there is no city that has less
need of parks. Look, sir, at these broad
avenues. I am delighted whenever I walk
out, leaving the Capitol, in any direction, to
see the most magnificient view, ample room
for forty railroads. See what has been done
in fixing this broad, beautiful table on the east
here, for building all manner of parks, and
capable of being the largest city yet known
to man, because I hold that our Govern-
ment is now in its infancy. True, we
boast that we have at our capital to-day
nearly one hundred and fifty thousand souls.
What is that? It is only a drop in the bucket.
It is simgly, compared with what will be, like
the old Dil worth lesson, counting the horse-
shoe nails and doubling until you are lost in
the magnitude of the amount. That is to be
our happy destiny at some day, and I hope
most earnestly that this Government will be
perpetuated as long as time is known upon
earth; and thus looking, what are we to ex-
pect? Are we to be circumscribed with the
narrow views of my all powerful friend who
preceded me? Not a bit of it. He seems to
be seriously alarmed lest a blacksmith shop,
or something of that kind, should be at some
remote period erected somewhere down in the
neighborhood of the depot now spoken of.
Let me tell you what my fond hopes are.
They are vastly above and beyond the narrow
views of my honorable friend, as I conceive
them to be. I think that the day is not far
distant when the city of Washington, if she
takes hold of that which the God of nature
has authorized her to do, which He has invited
her through her enterprise to enjoy the advan-
tages that He has blessed her with, will become
a great manufacturing city. Look at the
mighty falls here on the Potomac. I should
like to see around the city of Washington
half a dozen Sprague calico-mills making
yards by the million. There will be millions
of American citizens to consume them from
time to time. Nature has done her part, and
the enterprise of the country will be abun-
dantly sufficient at an early day to reap these
