1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
to their calumnies and malignity, especially
when combined with ignorance and stupidity,
as in this case, will not deceive them long.
. Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The tariff bill
is now before the Senate, and the Senator from
Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope I shall be allowed
to say a few words.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the circumstances
as a matter of course I cannot refuse.
The VICE PRES1DEN T. The Uhair hears
no objection, and the Senator from Michigan
will proceed.
• Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I am
not surprised at all at the insinuation of the
Senator from Illinois. The article which he
he has read, and which he says appears in a
Michigan paper, I never saw and never heard
of. I do not- know who wrote it. I do not
know from whence the party obtained his
information. I certainly knew that the Sen-
ator was employed by the Secretary of War.
I likewise knew that the Secretary of War
before he applied to the Senator from Illinois
applied to the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] to perform that same duty ; that is,
to defend the case. I likewise knew that the
Senator from Vermont declined it because it
was a violation of law. He would not accept
the retainer, as it was a violation of law. Now,
Mr. President, the Senator says this is per-
fectly legal. I ask the Clerk to read the opin-
ion of a man who was somewhat distinguished
in his day as to the legality of this transaction.
I ask the Clerk to read the opinion marked in
the book which I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Attorney Genekal's Office, July 18,1826.
Sib: The question which you submit for my opin-
ion is whether your employment of members of
Congress as assistant counsel to the district attor-
neys of the United States be within the prohibitions
of the act of April 21,1808, "concerning public con-
tracts ?"
X ain entirely satisfied that this sort of engage-
ments was not within the view of Congress when
the act was passed, but that the species of contracts
which led to its passage were of a different charac-
ter, as stated in the report of a select committee of
the 29th March, 1822, upon the subject of the em-
ployment of a Senator of the United States in the
examination of certain land offices in Ohio, &c. The
practice, too, in several instances stated in that re-
port seems to have limited the constj uclion ot the
act to the specific species of contracts which were
known to have led to its enactment. But yet, the
language of the law is so broad and so explicit, not
only in its positive enactments, but in its excep-
tions: and its policy, too, is so broad aud general,
that I cannot discover any satisfactory distinction
by which the contracts in question can be withdrawn
from its operation.
The first section forbids all contracts between
officers of the Government and members of Con-
gress. It is truo that tho language of this section
seems, for the most part, to be applicable only to
the kind of contracts which produced the law; and
had the question rested on this section only, there
would have been good ground for confining the oper-
ation of the act to those kinds of contracts to which
it owes its origin. But the second reflects a larger
construction on thefirst, by excepting from its action
a species of contract as far removed from the natu-
ral sense of the first section as the kind of engage-
ments now in question, to wit, tho purchase of bills
of exchange from members of Congress. The excep-
tion proves that Congress intended, by the first sec-
tion, to use language broad enough to cover the
excepted cases; and that hence it was necessary to
introduce the positive exception. Now if, as is thus
implied by the Legislature itself, the first section is
broad enough to comprehend the sale ot bills of ex-
change, X see not why it is not broad enough to com-
prehend the sale of professional services or any other
species of work and labor, in any other art, mystery,
or science, as well as that of the law. Aud again, if
the prohibitions do not extend to engagements for
professional services with gentlemen of the law, do
they extend to engagements with gentlemen of the
medical faculty? lf'not, amember of Congressmight
be stationed as a surgeon at a military post, on an
annual stipend, without any violation ot tho law.
But let us pursue the inquiry one step further.
The second section of the act having expressly ex-
cepted from the operation ol tho law two cases only,
to wit, contracts with corporations, and the pur-
chase of bills of exchange, the fourth section u«es
the following pointed and comprehensive terms :
" That if any officer of tho United States, in behalf
of the United States, shall, diiectiy or indirectly,
make or enter into any contract, bargain, or agree-
ment, in writing or otherwise, other than such as
are herein excepted, with any member of Congress,
such officers so offending," &o. Now, I think it
cannot be denied that an engagementwith a gentle-
man of the bar, whereby, for a valuable considera-
tion, he is to render his professional services in a
given case, is a contract, a bargain, an agreement,
in the legal sense of these terms, (and in none other
a e they to be regarded;) and it is a bargain, eon-
tract, or agreement, other than the two which had
been previously excepted by the act. It is there-
fore a contract forbidden expressly by the fourth
section of the act,
Should it be objected that this is sticking in the
letter of the law to the disregard of its policy, I can-
not aceede to the objection.
The policy of the law is to prevent the exercise
of executive influence over the members of Con-
gress by the means of contracts; and whether the
contract he for the service of a lawyer, a physician,
or a mail-carrier, an Army purveyor, or a turnpike-
road maker, it seems to me to be equally within the
policy and mischief of tho law. The only difference
is in the permanency of the engagement; but, a suc-
cession of single engagements is quite as mischiev-
ous as acontract in sohdo, and if the distinction is
to be allowed, the law might easily bo evaded.
Finally, even if the construction of the law were
dubious, yet, as executive officers, it would become
us to remember that it is a remedial law, enacted as
a bar to executive influence; that, in the construc-
tion of all such laws, the rule is to give them a large
construction for the advancement of the remedy
and the suppression of the mischief; and that it is
much safer to err on the side of forbearance than on
that of possible encroachment.
WM. WIRT.
To the Postmasteb General.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will be observed that
William Wirt differed somewhat in opinion
with the Senator from Illinois. My object in
offering that resolution was to ascertain whether
any Senator upon this floor had received a
valuable consideration in money from the
Treasury of the United States in violation of
law. That was my object, whether in viola-
tion of law he had taken money out of the
Treasury while he was drawing a salary as a
Senator upon this floor. That was my object,
and my only object, and I hurl back the slime
upon its slimy source.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan is out of order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Sir, I apologize to the
Senate, but not to the Senator from Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Michigan that the
Senator from Illinois did not connect the re-
mark he has quoted with the Senator from
Michigan, and having failed to do it, he was
not out of order. The Senator, however, by
his gesture, did connect his remark with the
Senator from Illinois, and therefore it is too
personal in its application.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the
country I think does understand, and every
member of this body understands that motives
have been impugned, the motives of a major-
ity of this body have been impugned from the
very moment we met in December last. We
have been charged with trying to prevent in-
vestigation, and covering up fraud. That has
been our daily and almost hourly entertain-
ment ; and now when I introduce a resolution
to ascertain whether a Senator upon this floor
has in violation of the law taken $10,000 out
of the Treasury of the United States, I am to
be arraigned here as having done an improper
thing. Sir, I never heard that he was em-
ployed by Andrew Johnson, in the world. I
knew from the first that he was employed by
the Secretary of War, and I likewise believed
he had drawn money illegally, but I wanted
that brought out if it were so :
"The very head and front of my offending
Hath this extent, no more."
Mr. SCOTT. I cannot, of coarse, under
existing circumstances, ask the Senator from
Ohio to yield for the purpose of proceeding
with the bill which I had called up, but with
his permission I desire to state that that com-
pany, having recently been organized, is de-
sirous of putting a mortgage on the market,
but finds that it needs an amendment to its
original charter to enable it to do so and pro-
ceed with its enterprise. After having given
way this morning when the bill was up, 1 shall
take the earliest opportunity to bring it again
before the Senate, and trust that under the
circumstances I shall be indulged in getting it
up and having it passed at an early day.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had, on the
14th instant, approved and signed the act (S.
No. 475) to authorize the sale of public prop-
erty at Houlton, Maine.
mbssa013 from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiibrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House bad passed the following bills;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 131) to change the bound-
aries of the collection district of Brazos de
Santiago, in the State of Texas ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1003) to reimburse tho
State of Kansas for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and
provisioning militia forces to aid in suppress-
ing the rebellion;
A bill (H. R. No. 1149) to authorize the
commissioners of claims to appoint special
commissioners to take testimony, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1275) for the relief of
William Vails, late a private in company A,
third regiment InSiana volunteer cavalry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1638) to create the Link-
ton land district in the State of Oregon ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1786) for the relief of
Henry N. Galpin, postmaster at Berlin, Con-
necticut ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1940) for the relief of
William Andrews;
A bill (H. R. No. 1941) for the relief of
Haas & Powell, of Chicago, Illinois;
A bill (H. K. No. 1942) for the relief of D.
C. Farrell, of Peoria, Illinois ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1943) for the relief of
Robert Williams, jr., collector third district
Ohio;
A bill (H. R. No. 1944) for the relief of
Edward T. Gates, postmaster at Thomaston,
Connecticut;
A bill (H. R. No. 1945) for the relief of E.
W. Whitaker, of Hartford, Connecticut; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1946) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Harding.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 619) appropriating money for the purchase
of a suitable site and erecting a building there-
on in the city of St. Louis, Missouri, to be
used for the purpose of a custom-house, post
office, and other Federal offices.
the tariff bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 173) to repeal the duties on salt, the
question being on the amendment of Mr.
Soott to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Finance in the nature of a sub-
stitute.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I am sorry
that even for a moment the evil shadow of our
long political debates are cast upon a purely
business discussion which affects the interests
of all the people of the United States, and yet
need not excite any political feeling or any
division of opinion except upon questions of
dry political economy. I take it that it will
be most agreeable to the Senate and to Sen-
ators if I confine my remarks this morning
rather to a general statement of the condition
of the country, to such facts as in my judgment
authorize us to enter for the sixth time since the
close of the war upon a repeal of taxes, and
also to state the general principles upon which
this reduction is proposed, rather than to bur-
den you with elaborate details. That will be
more properly stated as the debate progresses.
The taxes already repealed yielded $233,-
000,000. Our revenues still largely exceed
our expenditures. We are justified by several
causes in continuing the repeal of taxes. The
