1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1705
taxes that remain yield largely more than the
same taxes in former years, and more than
was estimated by the most sanguine person.
The production of the country has largely in-
creased. Industry in almost every department
has been actively and busily employed. The
consumption of our people, which, under our
system of taxation, is chiefly the basis of tax-
ation, has, by the prosperity of our industry,
been largely increased. At the same time the
national expenditures are diminishing. Our
financial condition is improving in every par-
ticular. We are slowly but surely without con-
traction or expansion, by the increasing uses
of our paper money, approaching a specie
standard. The interest of our debt is daily
diminishing by the payment of the public debt
and the reduction of the rate of interest on that
which remains. All these favorable circum-
stances enable us to approach the further re-
duction of taxes with more system and inform-
ation than formerly, and I trust with the sin-
cere desire to make the reduction in such a
way as to yield the largest possible relief to
our people.
The only questions are, how much and what
taxes ought to be repealed?
Let me first state how the subject now comes
before us. On the 14th of March, 1871, the
House of Representatives passed three bills:
a bill to repeal the duty on coal, a bill to re-
peal the duty on salt, and a bill to repeal the
duty on tea and coffee. The duties thus pro-
posed for repeal yielded last year $21,000,000.
The Committee on Finance was of the opinion
that it was not wise to consider these bills
except in connection with the whole subject
of revenue reduction. On the 12th of April,
1871, the Senate passed the following resolu-
tion:
"Resolved, That the Committee on Finance is
hereby instructed during the recess of Congress to
carefully examine the existing system of taxation
by the United States, with a view to propose such
amendments to the bills of the House of Represent-
atives repeoling certain taxes, now pending in the
Senate, as will simplify, revise, and reduce both the
internal taxes and the duties on imported goods
now in force; and so that the aggregate of such
taxes shall not exceed the sums required to execute
the laws relating to the public debt, and to pay the
current expenditures of tho Government, adminis-
tered with the strictest economy; and so that such
taxes may be distributed as to impose the least
possible burden upon the people."
In obedience to this instruction the Com-
mittee on Finance, during the recess, did
examine in detail the different taxes imposed
by our revenue laws, and agreed upon amend-
ments to both the tariff and internal revenue
laws. But in reporting to the Senate our
action we had to consider the power of the
Senate over revenue bills. The powers of the
two Houses over revenue bills is regulated by
article one, section seven, clause one of the
Constitution of the United States, as follows;
"All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the
House of ^Representatives, but the Senate may pro-
pose or concur with amendments as on other bills."
This provision has often been the subject
of controversy between the two Houses. We
had three bills of the House with the unques-
tioned power to propose amendments to either
of them. It was clear that if the House pro-
posed to repeal or modify certain taxes the
Senate could propose instead to repeal or
modify other taxes. But as all the taxes pro-
posed for repeal by the House were customs
duties, the question arose whether we could,
as amendments, propose the repeal of internal
taxes. The parliamentary law, as well as the
practice heretofore, settled this question in
the affirmative. The subjects are germane to
each other. They are both " bills for raising
revenue." The distinction is only as to the
subjects and mode of taxation. The House
has itself repeatedly connected the two in one
bill, and notably so in the act passed two
years ago. The modification of one compels
the modification of the other. The Jogic of
the subject-matter compels us to consider the
whole revenue when proposing to reduce either
form of taxes. Still, to avoid all possible
dispute, the Committee on Finance thought
it advisable, while considering the whole sub-
ject of taxation, to confine their amendments
to customs dutv, and to offer these amend-
ments to one bill rather than to three. The
amount of customs revenue proposed for re-
peal by the House substantially conforms to
the amount proposed by the Senate. The
House will no doubt in due time pass a bill
to reduce internal taxes, when the Senate can
propose its amendments. In debate, how-
ever, we must consider the subject as a whole,
and must therefore consider how much reve-
nue we can dispense with, and what taxes
ought to be repealed or modified.
Since the close of the war it was the highest
public policy to maintain our revenue largely
in excess of our expenditures, for a large sur-
plus revenue was not only useful to pay unliquid-
ated debt, but was of great importance in re-
establishing our public credit, in improving our
currency, and in reducing the rate of interest.
But the time has now arrived when we can
safely reduce our revenues to barely enough
to pay the expenses of the Government eco-
nomically administered, the interest of the
public debt, and such additional sum as it may
seem to be good policy to apply on the prin-
cipal.
The expenditures during the last fiscal year
ending June 30,1871, including interest, were,
$292,177,188 25; for the current fiscal year,
(partly estimated,) $293,403,382 92; for the
next fiscal year, (estimated,) $278,023,773 99.
These sums exclude the sinking fund and all
payments on the principal of the debt.
The net receipts of the Government during
the last fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, were
$383,323,944 89; for the current fiscal year,
(partly estimated,) $365,198,374 60; for the
next fiscal year, (estimated,) $359,000,000.
The actual surplus revenue l'or the year
ending June 30, 1871, was $91,146,776 64;
lor the current fiscal year, (partly estimated,)
$71,794,991 68; for the next fiscal year,
(estimated.) $85,974,226.
The question arises how far the estimates
of expenditure will be increased by additional
appropriations by Congress. It is not probable
that any material change will be made in the
aggregate appropriations for the current fiscal
year, while our current receipts are largely in
excess of the estimates. This is caused to
some extent by the importation of goods in
place of duty-paid goods destroyed by the fire
at Chicago.
The estimate of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury contemplates a.reduction of expenditures
for the next fiscal year as compared with this
yearof over twenty million dollars, or as com-
pared with last year of over nineteen million;
but this is explained mainly by the exclusion
from the estimates of the premium paid on
bonds and the premium received oil gold,
which balance each other.
The estimates are based upon appropria-
tions required by existing laws. They can be
and ought to be diminished in several import-
ant branches of the public service. The aboli-
tion of the franking privilege, the reduction
of public printing, the reduction of the inter-
nal revenue service, a close scrutiny of the
pension-list, a careful limitation of appropria-
tions for public buildings, and a general cutting
off of expenditures that grew out of the war,
but have survived the war, would enable us to
repeal other taxes without injury to the public
service.
On the other hand, the wants of a great and
growing country like ours, exercising new pow-
ers, extending daily its influence into new
regions within our own limits, and into far-
distant countries whose civilization is more
and more influenced by commerce with us;
all these compel a gradual increase of just
and proper expenditure, Such an increase
does not indicate extravagance, but it indicates
growth, health, and strength.
There is another cause of a nominal increase
of expenditure which operates slowly and
silently, but as surely as the march of inden-
tion and civilization. It is in the changing
purchasable power of money. The dollar of
to-day may contain as many grains of gold as
the dollar of a year ago, but its purchasable
power is diminishing year by year, at a rate
of not less than one per cent, per annum.
This is caused by the increased production of
the precious metals, the diminution of labor
required to produce them, the new inventions
applied to produce them; but more than all
by the new devices of modern finance which
substitutes paper and credit in innumerable
forms in the place of gold and silver, so that
these metals are not now as formerly the active
agencies of eomtnerce, either foreign or do-
mestic, but the mere standard or gauge of
value. Even paper money, so called, thegreen-
baek and bank note, are crowded from their
old use, and the check, draft, acceptance, and
bill are the coin of exchanges, great and small,
foreign and domestic, to an extent never be-
fore known. This fact makes less coin neces-
sary, and, coupled with the actual increase of
gold and silver, slowly and surely depresses
their purchasable power and makes a greater
sum necessary not only to buy marketiug or
pay for labor, but to conduct a Government.
This obvious tendency of a diminution in
the value of money not only increases our
expenditures, but increases our revenues by
the increased value of production. It also
largely diminishes the burden of debt, and
especially of a national debt running for a
long period of years.
It is also obvious that as nearly one half of
our expenditures are on the basis of paper
money, they have been increased to at least
the extent of the depreciation of the paper
money. Salaries have been from time to time
increased to cover this depreciation, and in
some cases to several times the depreciation.
And the cost of all supplies for the Army and
Navy and of all labor for the civil service has
been increased in the same way. As our paper
money approaches to a specie standard, we
may expect a corresponding reduction in the
cost of supplies, but can hardly hope for a
reduction of salaries.
Again, we may reasonably hope that ex-
penditures growing out of the war will dimin-
ish as time passes. My colleague in the House,
General Gaiifield, made an interesting and
accurate statement, showing that out of the
$291,564,441 43, the aggregate expenditures
for the last fiscal year, $175,543,140 27, or
sixty and one half per cent, of the whole, was
paid directly for the expenses growing out of
the late war.
The Secretary of the Treasury has estimated
for a probable diminution of these expenses,
but we must remember the vast mass of un-
liquidated claims growing out of the war which
are now under examination, and large amounts
of which will unquestionably be allowed, and
enter into our expenditures for some years to
come. The great mass of our expenditures,
probably over eighty per cent, of the whole,
is settled by laws practically, if not theoret-
ically, beyond the action of Congress. The
public debt, the permanent appropriations,
the salaries of public officers, the pay of the
Army and Navy, Indian treaties, all these are
in effect beyond probability of diminution.
Still, as I have already stated, there are re-
forms, which, if adopted by Congress, would
enable us to propose a greater reduction of
taxes than it is prudent for us now to do.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate for
a moment to some remarks made in the House
of Representstives by one of its most distill'
guished members pn this very point, which I
think are apt to mislead the public at large, as
well, perhaps, as the Senate and House, I he
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, in cautioning the House against a too
extravagant expenditure of the public money,
