1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
hear it produced as an argument against the
establishment of a fund for the education of
the people.
Judging from the past, I must confess that
I am somewhat suspicious of such rights,
knowing,_ as I do, that the Democratic party
in Georgia, as well as in all of the other south-
ern States, have been opposed to the education
of the negro and poor white children. And
I can, without doing that party any wrong,
safely and truthfully state that the Democratic
party to-day in Georgia, as well as in Florida,
are opposed to the education of all classes.
We know that the Democratic party used to
argue that to educate the negro was to set him
free, and that to deprive him of all the ad-
vantages necessary to enable him to acquire
an education was to perpetuate his enslave-
ment. Their argument against educating the
poor whites was that the negro more directly
associated with the poor whites than with that
class who controlled the destinies of slavery.
Why, sir, so fearful were they that the negro
would become educated, either through his
own efforts or by the aid of some poor white
person, they enacted laws prohibiting him from
being educated even by his own master; and
if a poor white person was caught teaching
a negro, lie was whipped, or in some States
sold or compelled to leave the State; and if
by chance a* negro did learn to read, and it
was found out, he was whipped every time he
was caught with a book, and as many times
between as his master pleased. We must
remember that this state of affairs existed only
about six years ago, and this being the case,
is it unreasonable for us to suppose that the
Democratic party of Georgia is opposed to the
negro being included iu the bill that proposes
to establish an educational fund, and his being
educated outof thepublie money? Ithinknot.
The gentleman from Georgia also tells us
that he is in favor of seeing the schools of
the country promoted, and we believe he is,
but he wishes to promote them under the old
system, which has so far been a failure in the
South, and every fair-minded and unprejudiced
man will admit it.
Mr. McINTYRE. I should like to make a
correction there. It would seem that he seeks
to produce the impression upon the House that
I am opposed to education, which, of course, I
am not.
Mr. "WALLS. The gentleman will be an-
swered in the course of my remarks. I must
ask him not to interrupt me now, as I did not
interrupt him when he addressed the House.
The gentleman informs us also that the Geor-
gia Legislature has within the last twenty days
appropriated $300,000 for the purpose of edu-
cation, and that the educational system is not
confined to the whites alone. He says that—
"Within the last twenty days the Legislature of
Georgia has appropriated $300,000 for the purpose of
education; and that educational system is not eon-
fined to the whites alone.''
He then informsus that the "colored people
of his State are entitled under the law to the
same rights that the whites will enjoy." Mark
his words—entitled to the same rights that, the
whites will enjoy. This, Mr. Speaker, is very
true; but will "the colored people have an
opportunity, or be permitted to enjoy the same
rights that the whites enjoy ? This is the ques-
tion. The echo of the past answers no! not
while the Ku Klux Democracy are permitted
to burn the school-houses and churches be-
longing to the colored people of Georgia; not
while they shut the doors of the school-houses
against the colored children, will the colored
people of Georgia enjoy the same educational
advantages that the whites enjoy.
We find that in July, 1783, the Georgia
Legislature appropriated one thousand acres
of land to cacn county for the support of free
schools. In 1784 the General Assembly appro-
priated forty thousand acres of land for the
endowment of a college or university. In
1792 an act was passed by the Legislature ap-
propriating one thousand acres of land for the
endowment of each of the county academies •
$250,000 were appropriated in 1817 for the
support of poor schools. Now, sir, we see that
the Georgia Legislature prior to 1868 appro-
priated thousands of acres of land for the sup-
port of colleges, county academies, and free
schools, but did Georgia have a free-school
system in operation prior to 1870?
Again, we see that the Georgia Legislature
appropriated $250,000 for the support of what
they called '1 poor schools." If this appropri-
ation was applied to the establishment of
schools, did the poor white and colored chil-
dren get an equal benefit of it? We are in-
formed by Colonel J. R. Lewis that Georgia
had indeed a very "poor school" system pnor
to 1870, and no free schools in operation at
all; Savannah and Columbus Were the only
places where they had any schools worthy of
the name. I now quote from the report of the
Commissioner of Education, who says:
" The latest communication to this office, from a
leading educator in Georgia, gives an encouraging
account of the prospect that an excellent school law
will soon go into operation in that State, which has
just passed the Legislature. At present Savannah
and Columbus arc the only cities in the State that
have school systems worthy of the name."
The gentleman from Georgia also calls our
attention to what he thinks of .the patriotism
existing in Georgia. He says:
. " I feel safe in expressing: my belief that there is
intelligence and patriotism enough in the State of
Georgia to-day to manage its proportion of this fund
properly if it is turned over to the State."
I suppose he refers to that patriotism exist-
ing among the eolored people, or that which
the whites have inculcated since May, 1865.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if we judge of the patriot-
ism existing among the Democratic party in
Georgia to-day from the course that party has
pursued in that State relative to free schools
and the education of the negro, our conclusion
will be that Georgia is now opposed to free
schools, and the education of the negro and
poor white children, as heretofore.
It is useless to talk about patriotism existing
in those States in connection with free schools
under Democratic system, and in connection
with those who now and always have believed
that it was wrong to educate the negro, and
that such offenses should be punishable by death
or the lash. Away with the patriotism that
advocates and prefers ignorance to intelligence!
Let us look into the patriotism of Florida's
sister State, Georgia. My State has been
very retrogressive in connection with free
schools, but she is still ahead of Georgia in
this respect. I am indeed sorry I cannot say
as much for the patriotism of the Democratic
party of my State as the gentleman has about
Georgia, when I know that in 1845 the General
Government donated to Florida, while under
Democratic rule, 908,503 acres of the public
domain of that State for common-school pur-
poses. And what did they do with it? Why,
sir, they enacted a common-school law which
.did not mean anything, which was enacted
only to obtain the possession of the lands do- [
nated. In this same law they created a com-
mon-school fund, and under the operation of
this bogus law they obtained fraudulent pos-
session of the lands, sold them, and applied
the proceeds to everything else except that for
which they were donated. Is this the kind of
patriotism to which the gentleman alluded in
his remarks?
I am in favor, Mr. Speaker, of not only this
bill, but of a national system of education,
because I believe that the national Govern-
ment is the guardian of the liberties of all its
subjects. And having within a few years incor-
porated into the body-politic a class of unedu-
cated people, the majority of whom, I am sorry
to say, are colored, the question for solution
and the problems to be solved, then. are: can
these people protect their liberties without
education; and can they be educated under
the present condition of society in the States
where they were when freed ?
Can this be done without the aid, assistance
and supervision of the General Government?
No, sir, it cannot. Were it not that tho preju-
dice of slavery is so prevalent among the for-
mer slaveholder against the education of the
negro it would be superficial to say that the
negro could not protect his educational inter-
ests, or could not be educated without the estab-
lishment of a national system of education.
1 his prejudice is attributable to the fact that
they were compelled to keep the negro in igno-
rance in order to hold him in slavery ; and
with the advantages of education and enlight-
enment they were enabled to keep their slaves
successfully in bondage; for we know that the
advantages of education are great.
We are told that the Persians were kept for
ages in slavery from the power of intellect
alone. Education constitutes the apprentice-
ship of those who are afterward to take a place
in the order of our civilized and progressive
nation. Education tends to increase the dig-
nity and self-respect of a people, tends to in-
crease their fitness for society and important
stations of trust, tends to elevate, and conse-
quently carries with it a great moral responsi-
bility. This is why the Democratic party in
the South so bitterly oppose the education of
all classes. They know that no educated peo-
ple can be enslaved. They know that no edu-
cated people can be robbed of their labor.
They well know that no educated people can
be kept in a helpless and degraded condition,
but^ will arise with a united voice and assert
their manhood. Hence, to educate the negro
in the South would be to lift him to a state of
civilization and enlightenment, that would
enable him notonly to maintain and defend his
liberties, but to better acquit himself as an
honorable and upright citizen, and prove him-
self moreworthy of the rights conferred upon
him. This, then, being the result of educating
the negro. I cannot believe that the Democracy
of Georgia or any other State manifests this
patriotism or has taken this sudden departure.
They know thenegro is loyal, and while their
present educational institutions are fosterers
of disloyalty and nurseries of enmity and
hatred toward the Government and loyal
blacks and whites, I cannot hope to ever see
this Democratic party endowed with sufficient
patriotism and justice to lend their energies and
support in favor of the education and elevation
of my people. While the Democratic party
adhere to the ideas and principles that they
have now it would be against their interests to
educate the negro; not only against their inter-
ests, but entirely inconsistent with their faith.
Can we then suppose that these firm adher-
ents to slavery and State rights are willing to
educate the negro and loyal whites, who are
opposed to their principles, and thereby enable
them to wield the controlling power of the
South? No, sir, I should think not. Theyare
more consistant and patriotic toward the prin-
ciples of the lost cause than this. Let us not
mistake ourselves, Mr. Speaker. The Demo-
cratic party are opposed to any system that
will have the effect of making a majority of the
present or rising generation loyal to the Gov-
ernment. It has bgen admitted by every lover
of free government that popular education, or
the education of the masses, is necessary to
and inseparable from a complete citizenship.
Then let the nation educate her subjects. It
is to the interest of the Government, as also
to the people, to do so. An educated people
possess more skill, and manifest more inter-
est and fidelity in the affairs of the Govern-
ment, because of their chance to obtain more
general information, which tends to eradicate
the prejudices and superstitions so prevalent
among an ignorant people.
An educated people seek always to improve
their condition, not only at home, but in all
their surroundings. * An educated people are
more social, more refined, aud more ready
to impart their knowledge and experience to
others ; more industrious because more ambi-
