1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£601
of Texas, I presume must have been Mem-
phis ; or some point in connection with Mem-
phis.
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. THURMAN. A point on the north-
eastern corner of the State, I am told. I ask
the Senator from Texas how that is ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The terminus
of that road was at a place in Texas called
Texarcana, about eighty or ninety miles north
of Marshall.
Mr. THURMAN. And the road was to run
from there to Dallas?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. That makes a fork ; and
at Dallas the road forks; one part, that which
•we have chartered, goes to Marshall, and the
other to Texarcana.
Mr. KELLOGG. The act of 1854 of the
Texas Legislature, as I remember, incorpo-
rated a company called the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, and authorized it to build
a road commencing at Marshall, Texas. An
act passed by the Legislature of- Texas, I be-
lieve in 1856, authorized the incorporation
of a company called the Memphis and El Paso,
and they were empowered to commence a road
at a point on the Sulphur fork of Red river,
called Texarcana,in northeasternTexas, about
ninety miles, as the Senator from Texas says,
north of Marshall, and a little further east.
It was originally designed, and I think spe-
cially provided in the latter act, that is the act
of 185§ incorporating the Memphis and El
Paso road, that whenever one of these com-
panies completed its road to a point near the
Brazos river and nearly on a line with Marshall
westwardly, the two roads should merge in one
upon the same line, and the one completed
first should be entitled to the whole line to El
Paso. That was, I believe, the original idea
of the Legislature ofthe State of Texas. They
incorporated two companies, and virtually put
them in competition, and said that whichever
should arrive first at a certain point near the
Brazos river should be entitled to the line from
there on to El Paso, and the other should be
the branch line, so to speak.
Mr. THURMAN. Beginning where?
Mr. KELLOGG. Beginning at the point
of intersection near the Brazos river, on or
near the thirty-second degree, and running east
to Texarcana, or to Marshall, as the case may
be. If the Memphis and El Paso company com-
* pleted their road first to the point of intersec-
tion before the Southern Pacific, they should
be entitled to have a continuous line from
Texarcana, their eastern terminus, to El Paso.
If the Southern Pacific, which was incorpo-
rated to commence at Marshall, completed their
road to this point before the Memphis and El
Paso, they should be entitled to the line ex-
clusively from there on to El Paso, and should
be regarded as the main road and the other the
branch road, and so vice versa. I think that
■was substantially the understanding at the time.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The Legisla-
ture ofthe State of Texas chartered two com-
panies, the line of one commencing, as the
Senator remarked, at or near Marshall, the
other at Texarcana. The lines ruu pretty
nearly parallel. The Southern Pacific railroad
was required to confine itself as near as prac-
ticable to the line of thirty-two degrees. The
Memphis and El Paso was on the line of thirty-
three degrees, just about as far from the thirty-
second parallel at Dallas as it is at the initial
point east; they are about a degree apart. By
as amendment put through the Texas Legis-
lature last summer, under the auspices of this
company, or under the influence of a lobby
paid and kept there by somebody, the South-
ern Pacific road was not only authorized but
required to change its course from the thirty-
second parallel and meet the other road at
Dallas, making almost a complete elbow in the
road. Now the people of the State of Texas
are not satisfied with that, and they expect the
Congress of the United States to defeat any
arrangement of that sort, but I have very little
hope of their' doing it, I am sorry to say.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, it seems to be per-
fectly clear from this statement that if the bill
be amended as the committee reported it
will have precisely the effect I say.
Mr. KELLOGG. Allow me to say now that
it does seem to me that there is a point right
there, which invokes the attention and chal-
lenges the interest of all the Gulf States. I
should like now to understand precisely what
the Senator means. If he be correct, I shall
feel bound to support his amendment.
Mr. THORMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I should like to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Ohio before he
proceeds. This act simply authorizes a mort-
gage. We allow them to mortgage whatever
property they shall acquire. We do not pre-
tend to say anything about the mode of acqui-
sition. By the law under which they acquire
it they have got to build on-a particular line
before*-they can acquire. Therefore, if they
make a consolidation, and should leave unbuilt
the road for which the grant was made, they
would not get the grant. If they do not build
the particular road, but take the money and
build somewhere else, they lose their title to
the land, because the grant is made for build
ing a particular line. All we propose is' to
say that, if they do comply with the laws of
Texas so as to get the land, they may mort-
gage that land to build this general line of
road ; but in order to get that land they must
build the road on the line. They have au-
thority of the United States to mortgage a
particular line of road. They may have land
in Texas or anywhere else. We do not pro-
pose to go into any deraignment of title to see
how they get the laud.
Mr. THURMAN. That does not answer
the difficulty yet, as it seems to me. We have
not this Texas charter here before us ; we do
not know exactly what the provisions of its
grants are, We do not know whether the
grant is absolutely to the company, and the
State simply trustee for it, or whether the
grant is contingent upon the making of the
road. Unless we know that to be the fact,
there is no weight to be attached to the argu-
ment of the Senator from Nevada. Unless
that is a conditional grant, and we have the
terms of it here before us, we cannot tell
whether they will have to build the road pro-
vided for in the Texas act, before they can
get land which we undertake to say they may
mortgage for a wholly different purpose from
that contemplated in the Texas charter.
I have made this objection not in opposition
to the bill, but only that the bill may be made
right. I say once more I am notopposing the
bill. I only want the bill to be made right.
It seemed to me that it was a thing which
those having charge of the bill ought to look
to, whether they were attempting by this act
to take property which had been devoted to
another purpose and divert it to the purpose
mentioned in the charter of this company. If
they think it is not, if the Senators from the
States affected by it are all satisfied, I am sure
I am not going to fret myself about it. But I
think if 1 were in their place I would not be
s&ti sfi.6ci  •
Mr. MORTON. I ask if, by the terms of
the Texas charter, these lands are first to be
applied to the road in Texas, is not that in the
nature of an existing incumbrance, and will
not any subsequent mortgage put upon these
lands by the Texas Pacific company be sub-
ject to the preexisting conditions imposed by
the Texas law? The purchaser is bound to
take notice of existing incumbrances.
Mr. THURMAN. That brings up precisely
the question we were discussing yesterday in
regard to the effect of this charter itself,
whether the mortgagee takes a right in the
lands against the United States, although the
road may not be completed, or whether he
only takes an inchoate right, which cannot ,
ripen into anything unless the conditions shall
be complied with on which the title of tie
company to a patent from.the United States
depends. That is making the-same, question
on the Texas grant. We do not know how
that is. Certainly, if the Texas grant is'Con-
ditional that the company shall have no inter-
est ill the land until the road is made, 1 woul$
agree with the Senator from Indiana; but I
do not know how it is.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the Senator from Indi-
ana and th'e Senator from Ohio to look at the
sixth section of the original act—
" That the rights, lands, land grants, franchises,
privileges, and appurtenances, and property of every
description, belonging to each of the consolidated
or purchased railroad company or companies, as
herein provided, shall vestin and become absolutely
thepropertv of tho Texas Pacific Railroad Company:
Provided, That in alt contracts made and entered
into by said company, with any and all other rail-
road company or companies, to perfect such afore-
said consolidation or purchase, the indebtedness
or other legal obligations of said company or com-
panies shall bo assumed by the said Texas Pacifio
Railroad Company as may be agreed upon, .and 110
such consolidation or purchase shall impair any
lien which may exist on any of the railroads so
consolidated or purchased."
This imposed upon this company all the
terms and conditions that were previously
imposed upon the olher companies.
Mr. MORTON. And that would be the
effect of it now, would it not?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I ask the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania if he knows whether
this company are now claiming the lands of
the Memphis and El Paso grant?
Mr. SCOTT. I do not know. I do not
know whether there is an actual consolidation
or not; but if there has been, they are sub-
ject to all the obligations imposed on that
company ; if there has not been, they will be
when they do consolidate.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 think the Senator from
Pennsylvania, if he will look at that language
again, will hardly construe it as he does. What
is it that they are to do when they consolidate
with this company? In the first place, we do
not know exactly abont the consolidation,
where they are to get authority, and what
authority is given by the State of Texas for
one of her corporations to consolidate with
this. We cannot give authority that would be
sufficient, but the State of Texas must also
give authority, and we do not know what that
is. Now, what is the particular language
there? "Pay all debtsandlawfulobligations,"
is it not?
Mr. SCOTT. No:
"That in all contracts made and entered into by
said company with any and all other railroad com-
pany or companies, to perfect such aforesaid con-
solidation or purchase, the indebtedness or other
legal obligations of said company or companies shall
bo assumed by the said Texas Pacific 1-tailroad Com-
pany."
Mr. THURMAN. What is meant by " in-
debtedness?" Certainly the right the com-
pany has to make a railroad and its contingent
right on makiug that railroad to receive cer-
tain lands is not an indebtedness of the com-
pany. What are its " legal obligations," the
next term? I take it it is not the legal obli-
gation of the company to make the road.
Mr. SCOTT. Anything it is bound by law
to do.
Mr. THURMAN. It is not bound by law
to make it. It may forfeit its charter for non-
user by not making it, but no action would lie
against it for not'making it. But when we
speak of a legal obligation, we speak of that
which may be enforced l>y some remedy Ifnown
to the courts. Here is a company chartered to
to make a railroad. That gives it the franchise
to make a railroad; but it is under no legal
obligation to make the road ; no action will
lie against it for not making the road. The
only effect of its not making it is that its
charter may be forfeited for non-user or non-
compliance with the provisions of the grant.
I think it would be straining these words a great
deal to say that this company by assuming
