1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4393
rewards and the same fees as other officers
for like duties.
For the reasons I have stated I am opposed
to this measure, and if this amendment should
become part of the bill I would necessarily be
constrained to vote against the whole bill. I
think it would be an act of such gross injus-
tice toward the people that it ought to fail
rather than become a law with this attached
to it.
Again, if the men who are to be appointed
supervisors are to go unpaid, to get nothing, I
think we can very well stay here two days
longer to correct the errors of this action.
Suppose two hundred thousand men should be
necessarily employed. I think it will neces-
sarily take for supervisors in the different elec-
tion precincts two hundred thousand men. If
those men are to perform all these duties com-
pulsorily, under the pains and penalties of
imprisonment and fine, 1 say that it is our duty
to stay here and protect them. If they are to
do this work for nothing, it is imposing an
unjust and onerous burden upon a large num-
ber of people, and we slioQld stay here as long
as we can to protect them from that injury and
from that wrong. It is our duty to sit up, as I
conceive, night after night, rather than two
hundred thousand people should work ten days
for the Government for nothing, and if they
failed to do it, that they should be fined and
imprisoned. I certainly would think it noth-
ing bat right that we should protect them; and
for that reason I am in favor of sitting this out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for
the question on the indefinite postponement
of the bill ?
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I decline to vote as I
have paired with the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 35 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hamilton of Maryland. Hamil-
ton of Texas, Kelly, Norwood, and. Saulsbury—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Boreman,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Cragiu, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flana-
gan, Frehnghuysen, Howe, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pome-
roy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Ransom, Scott, Sherman,
Spencer. Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, West, and
Wilson—35.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Clayton, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, den-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Lewis,
Morton, Patterson, Rice.Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz,
.Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickers, Windoin, and Wright—34.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to amend the
amendment by adding what I send to the
Chair.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Also that the act above mentioned be further
supplemented and amended by adding the follow-
ing provisions at the end of the eighteenth section.
Mr. SUMNER. Then follow the sections
of the civil rights bill, which it is not neces-
sary to read.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has not sat here all night with the
idea that this is in order to be offered on this
bill. I think it is not in order. I raise the
point of order upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. It is just as much in order
as the other.
Mr. COLE. I think not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from California makes the question of
order under the rule, the Chair must rule upon
it, without any regard to the merits of the
proposition. The rule reads as follows:
"And no amendment to any such bill making legis-
lative provisions, other than such as'directly relate
to the appropriations contained to the bill, shall be
r6C61T6Ci
The Chair thinks that this is not in order
under that-rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate ?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, why is the
pending 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator will indulge the Chair one moment to
make another remark, the Chair apprehends
that an amendment to an amendment has no
more privileges than an original amendment,
and if a proposition is not in order as an
original amendment, it cannot be in order as
an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Why is the original amend-
ment in order, as has been ruled ? It refers
especially to the act to enforce the rights of
citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of this Union, and for other pur-
poses, that of 1871 being an amendment to the
earlier statute of 1870. According to its lan-
guage, it professes to supplement and amend
that act—mark the words—to supplement and
amend that act. Now, sir, I simply propose
to still further supplement and amend that
act. If you are right in the first case, you
will be right in the second case. Now listeu
to section eighteen of that act of 1870.
Mr. CONKLING. What act is that?
Mr. SUMNER. The act the title of which
I have already read, the act to enforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of this Union, and for
other purposes, the eighteenth section of
which is as follows :  
" That the act to proteot all persons in the United
States in their civil rights, and furnish the means of
their vindication, passed April 9,1866, is hereby re-
enacted; and sections sixteen and seventeen hereof
shall be enforced according to the provisions of said
act."
Now, mark sir. The original civil rights
act is reenacted in this statute of 1870. But
you are now amending this statute. How do
you obtain your present jurisdiction ? Because
there is an appropriation to carry out that
statute. If the pending amendment is in
order, then a further amendment must be in
order, especially in view of the eighteenth sec-
tion, which I have read, which expressly em-
bodies and reenacts the civil rights law. If
you say that the amendment that I now move
is not in order, you virtually declare that the
pending amendment is not in order. One is
in order just as much as the other. Each is
to amend a statute which you are carrying out
by an appropriation.
And now, sir, I trust that at this last mo-
ment, when we do seem to'have it in our power
to secure the equal rights of the colored race,
they will not be set aside on a technicality.
Can it come to this, that you will find one
amendment in order but not find the other?
The amendment that conccrns the equal
rights of the colored race is treated as out of
order, although it stands on precisely the same
ground and on absolutely the same argument
with the other. You cannot adopt one with-
out adopting the other. The two are alike.
They are yoke-fellows; they go together; and
the ruling of the Chair cannot stand against
my amendment without virtually dishonoring
the earlier amendment to which I move itas an
addition. Sir, I hope there will be no ques-
tion about this, not without pain can I see this
opportunity lost of securing rights too long
denied.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. I simply wish to remark that
the distinction between this and the other
case-
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. COLE. Well, I will not discuss it.
The distinction is very marked.
' The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 6; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler,
Cote, Conkling, Cooper, Corbett. Oragrin, Bdmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Kelly, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey,
Ransom, Saulsbury, Scott, Sherman, Stevenson,
Stewart, Stockton, and West—-33.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames,Kellogg, Spencer, Sprague,
Sumner, and Wilson—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cameron, Clayton, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of
West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Fre-
linghuysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Lewis, Logan, Morton,
Norwood, Nye, Patterson, Pomerox, Pool, Rice,
Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz. Thurman, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Vickers, Windom, and Wright—35.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, [Mr. Kelloso.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move to
lay the amendment on the table, and on that I
call for the yeas and nays.
Several Senators. Take the yeas and nays
on the direct vote.
Mr. BOREMAN, (after a pause.) What are
we waiting for ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not understand whether the Senator from
Maryland insisted on his motion or not. The
Chair will entertain any motion he chooses to
make.
Mr. BLAIR. Let us have the yeas and
nays on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Louisiana.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flana-
gan, Frelinghuysen, Howe, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pom-
eroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Sherman, Spencer,
Stewart, Sumner, and Wilson—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly, Cooper, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Kelly, Norwood,
Ransom, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stevenson, and Stock-
ton—12. ,,
ABSENT —Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Davis of Kentucky,
Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill,
Hitohcock, Johnston, Lewis, Morton, Patterson,
Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Thurman, Tipton,
Trumbull, Vickers, West, Windom, and Wright—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to offer an amend-
ment to insert the following paragraph to come
in after line eighty-nine:
For the expenses of the joint select Committee
on Alleged Outrages in the Southern States, the sum
of $1,463 25, said sum to be carried for the purpose
to the contingent fund of the Senate.
I believe there has been some $12,000 of
that fund paid back into the Treasury, and
this is to cover small amounts still due.
Mr. SCOTT. If it is necessary to make
any further explanation I will make it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. On page 27, lines six hundred
and thirty-eight and six hundred and thirty-
nine, I move to strike out " twenty-three hun-
dred" and insert "four thousand;" so that
the clause will read :
For rent of office of surveyor general of Nevada,
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, $3,700, and for clerks in his office, $4,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the explanation
of that?
Mr. STEWART. The estimate to carry on
the land office. There was $6,000, and it was
cut down to $2,300, but it cannot be done for
less than $4,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to take up
time; I am against it; that is all.
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the amendment ?
Mr. STEWART. It is for the land office
in Nevada, making the appropriation $4,000.
The Department recommended $6,000, and it
was cut down to $2,300, and this amendment
is to make it $4,000. That is as. small a sum
as they can get along with. _
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask unani-
i mous consent to withdraw one portion of aa
