810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
tious to accumulate and possess property;
while the ignorant and uneducated are more
prone to idleness, more addicted to low habits
and dissipation, more careless and less ambi-
tious, being more of a " turn" to content them-
selves and let things go about as they are.
The uneducated person cannot have the influ-
ence among his fellow-men that educated per-
sons have. As knowledge is power, in short,
education is the panacea for all our social evils,
injustices, and oppressions. The general dif-
fusion of education among the whole people
of the South would render them less submis-
sive to the social and political stigmas under
which they are to-day laboring.
Now that our whole people throughout this
broad land are free, it yet remains for this
Government to give them that which will not
only enable them to better enjoy their free-
dom, but will enable them to maintain, defend,
and perpetuate their liberties. Imagine your
race, Mr. Speaker, as having been in bondage
for over two hundred years, subjected to all
the horrors of slavery, deprived of every facil-
ity by which they might have acquired an edu-
cation, and in this ignorant and helpless con-
dition they were emancipated and turned loose
in the midst of their enemies; among those
who were opposed to not only seeing thom
educated, but opposed to their freedom: among
those who possessed all the wealth, controlled
all the educational facilities of the country;
among those who believed your race to be
naturally inferior to themselves in every par-
ticular, and fit only to bo considered as goods
and chattels.
Imagine, 1 say, your race to-day in this
doproruble situation. Would you be considered
as comprehending their desires and situation,
were you to admit that their former enslavers
would take an impartial interest in their edu-
cational affairs ? I think not. Hence, lean-
not believe that the Democratic party South
would provide equal educational advantages
to all classes. The gentleman from the Dis-
trict of Columbia [Mr. Ciiu'manJ has cor-
rectly said that the lately enfranchised people
arc peculiarly the wards of the Government.
Still, we ask that equal advantages, impartial
protection, and the same educational facility
may bo extended to all classes, to the whole
people, (iive us this, and we will further en-
deavor to remove the ignorance from our
people, and about which so much has been
said by those who have occasioned it and who
are justly responsible for it; tliey who have
imposed it upon us through the operation of
that once loved and cherished institution,
slavery—that institution which has cost tho
nations millions of dollars and many of her
best and bravest men, and lias stamped upon
the negro a curse which this generation will
fail to obliterate.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I might here
pay a passing notice to the arguments gen-
erally used against the negro, and against his
being educated. It has been said that tho
negro is an inferior race, with minds unfit for
cultivation, with no traits of science, skill, or
literature ; with no ambition for education and
enlightenment; in short, a perfect ''booby
brain." But these arguments, Mr. Speaker,
fell to the ground many years ago, and have
been rendered insignificant from the fact that
notwithstanding all the laws enacted prohibit-
ing the negro from being educated, in spite of
the degradation of over two hundred and forty-
seven years of the most inhuman and barba-
rous slavery ever recorded in the history of any
people, and coupled with five years subjugation
to the reign of terror from the Ku Klux Ivlan,
the dastardly horrors of which those only know
who have been the victims, and those who com-
mit the deeds. Notwithstanding all these ob-
stacles and oppositions, wefind in nearly every
town and village, where the whipping-posts and
auction-blocks were once visible, school-houses
and freedmen's savings banks erected in their
stead, which are the growth of only five years,
and which stand to-day as living refutations to
the foul, malignant, unjust, and untrue argu-
ments used against the negro. We still find
him, however, loyal to his Government and
friendly toward his former master, to-day look-
ing to this Congress for the passage of a meas-
ure that will aid in increasing the educational
facilities throughout the country for the benefit
of all classes, and thereby enable him to rear
his children to truly comprehend their rela-
tions with and duties toward their Govern-
ment.
Believing, then, as I have before said, that
the national Government is the guardian of all
the liberties of her subjects, I think we should
lend all our aid to the establishment of a
national educational fund. I think, sir, it be-
hooves us, as the guardians of the rights and
liberties of the people of this nation, to do so;
for we are told that all there is of a nation that
is good, that is mighty, that exercises influence
and promotes prosperity, are the products of
the education of its citizens. Then, let us
make provisions for the education of all classes;
and if the State governments arc unwilling to
provide equal facilities for all, then let the
national Government take the matter in hand.
civil service) commission.
Mr. PRINDLE. Mr. Speaker, some time
since the President sent to us the rules pre-
pared; for the reform of the civil service, with
a message stating that they had been adopted,
and would go into effect on the first day of the
present year. Those rules have, however, as
I understand, been substantially suspended for
the present, and I think it will be found neces-
sary to make that suspension permanent.
There is undoubtedly much need of reform-
ation in tho civil service, but change is not
necessarily reformation ; and while the report
of the commissioners contains valuable sugges-
tions which may eventuate in an improve-
ment in tho service, I cannot believe the oper-
ation of the rules prepared by them would prove
beneficial.
It is proposed that persons shall be selected
for appointments, with ccrtain exceptions, by
a system of public competitive examinations,
to be conducted by boards of examiners.
These examiners are to bo designated by the
President in each department of tho public
service. liach board is to consist of three
persons, and they are all to act under the
supervision of one advisory board.
Now, sir, if iguorance and incompetency
have crept into the offices, and filled them; if
officials selected under the present system have
been lacking in education and ability, and this
is the evil to be cured, it may be that the
proposed plan will, to some extent, prove
remedial. But such I believe is not the case.
So fur as education and ability are concerned
there has been little cause of complaint, and
little complaint. What the people complain
of, and, as the revelations of every day disclose,
have reason to complain of, is that too many
ofthose intrusted with the duties and responsi-
bilities of office prove dishonest and recreant
to duty; and if we are to have any remedy, it
must be one that will eliminate this class of
officials from the service, and substitute in
their places honest men.
It is quite clear, sir, that examiners, how-
ever highly educated they may be, and how-
ever thoroughly they may be able to test the
education of an applicant, or his ability to
discharge the duties of an office, cannot by
an examination ascertain his moral qualities.
They cannot by propounding questions in any
of the branches of learning elicit information
that will throw any light upon his disposition
to appropriate the public funds to his own use.
Neither can they, sir, in the great majority of
cases, have any personal information of the
character of the applicant. They will be obliged
to rely upon certificates and recommendations
produced from persons holding official posi-
tions or otherwise prominent. We all know
how cheaply those are obtained, and how little
dependence can be placed upon them.
Sir, will not the proposed boards of exam-
iners be almost wholly unable to apply the
only test that a true reform demands—a test
that shall mark the difference between honesty
and dishonesty? Indeed, the rules submitted
do not seem to contemplate that any further
notice shall be taken of the moral qualities of
the applicant after he shall have filed his papers
making out a prima facie case in regard to
character, health, and age. It seems to me
that instead of producing a reformation, such
a system will greatly enlarge the opportuni-
ties of the dishonest and corrupt. It is true
the President, or head of the Department
whose duty it is to make an appointment, may
take into consideration the question of moral
fitness as regards the persons whose names may
be certified by the examiners, " not exceeding
three," but the privilege is a very limited one.
Then, again, what can they be expected to
know of the character of applicants? Mani-
festly nothing in the great majority of eases.
Now, .sir, I see several provisions in this sys-
tem of supposed reform well calculated I think
to keep modest, unassuming merit out of the
service, but I see little to check the inroads of
the dishonest and unworthy.
I have little faith in the power of examiners
by competitive examinations to determine
even the comparative ability of applicants to
discharge the duties of office. The questions
asked will not generally relate to the duties of
the position sought, because those propounding
them will necessarily be more or less ignorant
of those duties themselves. It cannot reason-
ably bo cxpected that any three men who
may bo designated as examiners in any De-
partment will understand the details of busi-
ness in every branch of that Department.
Neither is it to be supposed that applicants
would know much of the duties of an office
they had never discharged. Examinations
will relate mainly to the branches taught in the
schools. That will bo the natural result, and
those fresh from their studies—who can recite
most glibly the phraseology of the books—will
ordinarily be selected as the most suitable,
while years of valuable experience in tho prac-
tical affairs of life will go for little or nothing.
It is often tho case, as we all know, that those
who pass fhe best examinations fail entirely to
maintain their positions when they attempt to
put thgir knowledge into practice.
Now, sir, what can we expect to gain by the
adoption of these written rules ? Represent-
atives in Congress, elected by the party in
power, and holding the same political faith
as tho Pressdcnt, have been in the habit of
recommending persons for appointment from
their respective districts, and the appointing
power has usually followed such recommenda-
tions. Under this system, it is true, bad
appointments are not unfrequenjdy made. Dis-
honest men get into office, as they will under
any system; but it certainly has advantages
over the plan proposed.
Members of Congress are elected by the
people of their districts with the understanding
that they are to have a controlling influence
over the appointments. They are selected
with direct reference to their fitness to dis-
charge this particular duty, in addition to their
duties as legislat ors. They are usually well
qualified for the business—men of experience,
capacity, and discretion. They are men of
large personal acquaintance in their districts,
and likely to know personally the antecedents
and true character of applicants for positions.
In cases where they are not personally ac-
quainted, they have abundant means of pro-
curing correct information. They know the
wants and wishes of their people, and have
the means of determining the fitness and
propriety of an appointment. They have
the strongest reasons, too, for recommending
proper persons. By so doing they secure the
approval of the great mass of their cotistitu-
