758
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
[June 1,
42d Cojtg....2d Sess.
Laws of the United Slates.
the provisions of the act of Congress approved
July twenty fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty^
six, entitled "An act authorizing the con-
struction of a jail in and for the District of
Columbia," and the acts amendatory thereof;
and the said commissioners are directed to
cause the work of building the jail therein
provided for to be entered upon without delay :
Provided, That the said board shall have au-
thority to change the site heretofore selected,
and adopt such plans as shall, to the said com-
missioners, seem to be for the best interests
of the District of Columbia. And the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby directed to
place to the credit of the Secretary of the
interior the sum of three hundred thousand
dollars, which said sum the Secretary of the
Interior is authorized to expend in the con-
struction of a jail, as is herein provided ; and
m order that the work upon said jail shall
begin without delay, the appropriation herein
made shall take effect immediately : Provided,
That the plans and designs for said jail shall
be prepared by the supervising architect, of
the Treasury Department, and the woik shall
be done under his supervision, subject to the
approval of said commissioners.
Sec. 2. That for the purpose of reimbursing
the United State8 for a part of the cost of said
jail, it shall be the duty of the Legislative
Assembly of the District of Columbia, and
they are hereby required, to assess and cause
to be collected, by lax or otherwise, and pay
i"[to] the Treasury of the United States, at
or before the completion of said jail, the sum
of one hundred and twenty-live thousand dol-
lars ; and upon default of the payment, of the
sum aforesaid into the Treasury of the United
States at the tune before mentioned, the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall appoint a collector,
whose duty it shall be to proceed wuh the col-
lection of the taxes as assessed by the Legis-
lative Assemby in such manner and form* as
shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the
interior. And if the said Districtof Columbia
shall neglect, fail, or refuse to assess such tax,
the Secietary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized andempoweied lo make such levy and pro-
ceed to its colleciion as afoiesaid. And all acts
inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Chai\ CCLXI.—An Act granting [a] Right
of Wity to the Utah, Idaho, and xMomaiia
Railroad Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of Ike United States of America in
Congress assembled, That for ihe purpose of
enabling the Utah, Idaho, and Montana ita.il-
road Company, a corporation organized under
the laws of the Territory of Utah, which said
organization is hereby legalized and made
valid, to butld and extend their line by way
of ^lalade river and Snake river valleys,
through Utah, Idaho, and Montana Territo-
ries, to a connection wuh theNonheni Pacific
railroad, or with the Helena and Utah North-
ern ratlioad, bv the most eligible toute, to be
selected by said company, the light of way to
tile exient ot one hundred feet m width on
each side of the centre ot' said road, through
the public lands, be, and the same is heieby,
granted to said company, their successors and
assigns, for the construction of a railroad and
telegraph from Corinne City, Utah Territory,
to the Northern Pacific railroad, or to said
Helena and Northern Utah railroad, as said
company may elect, together with the right to
mcrcase their capital stock in proportion to
the incieased length of their line by resolution
ot their board ot direc.ois, and the filing with
the auditor of public accounts of Utah of an
additional certificate scttmgforth said increase,
and to take trom the public lands adjacent to
the line of said road material of earth, stone,
timber, and water for the construction and
maintenance thereof, and the necessary ground
for station-buildings, work-shops, depots,
machine-shops, switches, side tracks, turn-
tables, and water-stations, not exceeding
twenty acres for every ten miles of the mam
line of said road: Provided, That no private
property shall be taken for the use of said
company except in manner prescribed by the
laws of Utah Territory, or by section three of
an act entitled "An act to amend 'An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph [line] from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes,' approved July first, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two," approved July
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Sec. 2. That said company shall be, and
they are hereby, authorized and empowered to
mortgage, in theusual manner, their franchise,
road bed, and all property belonging to said
company, to an amount not exceeding thirty
thousand dollars per mile for the entire length
of said road, upon such terms as may seem to
them best; and upon said mortgage may issue
mortgage bonds, not to exceed thirty thousand
dollars per* mile: Provided, That in no case
shall the United States be responsible for said
bonds.
Sec. 3. That the rights herein granted shall
hot preclude the construction of other roads
through any canyon, defile, or pass on the
route of said road; nor shall any thing herein
cotitnined he construed as recoguizmgor deny-
ing the authority of the Governor and Legis-
lature of Utah Territory to create railroad cor-
porations.
Sec. 4. That said company shall locate said
railroad and telegraph line within eighteen
months from the passage of this act, and shall
complete the same within ten years thereafter,
failing in which this act shall be null and void.
Sec. 5. That Congress hereby, reserves the
right to alter, amend, or repeal this act at any
time, having due regard to the rights of said
com pany.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Chap. CCLXII.—An Act to authorize the
Secietary of the Interior to make partition
of the Reservation to Me shingo-me-sia, a
Miami Indian.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authoiized and
dnected, on written application of the chicf
of said band being first filed in his office, to
cause partition to be made of the reservation
in trust lor the band of Me-shiu-go-me-sia, of
ten sections of land made by the seventh arti-
cle of the treaty between the United States
and the Miami tribe of Indians, entered into
on the twenty-eighth day of November, eight-
een hundred and forty, and by the Senate
amendment thereto; and the United States
hereby release to said band all light of pur-
chase of said reservation. The expenses of
said partition to be paid by said band, and the
amount to be deducted by the Secretary of the
luteiior irom any annuities or other moneys
due or to become due the several persons to
whom partition shall be made: Provided, That
any cost or expenses made by claimants who
shall not be found entitled to share in said
lands shall not be a lieu thereon, but, shall be
paid by said claimants, to be retained by said
Secretaiy, out of any moneys that may be due
or become due them from the United States:
And provided further, That if from any cause
the chief of said baud shall fail to make said
wiitten application within six months next after
the passage of this act any person or persons
interested in said lands may make the same.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Interior
shall ascertain, by name, what persons consti-
tuted the band of Me-shin-go-me-sia on the
twenty-eighth day of November, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and forty, and then shall
proceed to make partition of said reserved
land per capita, share and share alike in value,
to the survivors of said band, and to their
descendants, and to descendants of those who
were members of said band at said date, but
who have since deceased. He shall also in-
clude in said partition list those persons of
Miami blood not of said band, but who have
intermarried with a member of said band, and
who may be living at the date of said partiiion.
In making said partition lists the Secretary of
the Interior is authorized to take or cause to be
taken such testimony as he may deem necessary
with the information now in his office, to en-
able him to discharge his duties under this act.
Such testimony may be taken before any per-
son authorized to take and certify depositions
under the law of the State of Indiana. The
testimony to be taken on said reservation.
Sec. 3. That in the partition of said reser-
vation the homes and improvements of the
several persons entitled under section two of
this act shall be set apart to the occupants as
far as can be done in justice to all the parties
in interest, the value of said improvements
not in any case to be estimated where the same
shall be on land awarded to the person who
made or caused them to be made, the corners
of the several tracts to be distinctly marked
and witnessed, and a record kept thereof and
filed in the office of the Secretary of the In-
terior: and certified copies thereof and of the
lists so made, as heretofore provided, to be
forwarded to and filed in the offices of the
auditors of Grant and Wabash counties, in the
State of Indiana, where said land lies. The
Secretary of the Interior shall, so soon as said
partition is made, cause patents to issue to the
several persons to whom partition is made under
this; act, conveying in tee to each the tract ot land
so set apart to him or iier, which shall entitle the
owner thereof to the use, occupancy, and con-
trol of the same against all claims whatsoever:
Provided, That alter the date of partition the
said lands shall become subject to the laws of
descent of the State of Indiana the same as
other lands iu said State.
Sec. 4. That said lauds shall never be sub-
ject, in any time to come, to any debt con-
tracted, the consideration of which passed,
in whole or in part, prior to the date of par-
tition thereof; nor shall said lands be subject
to levy, sale, forfeiture, or mortgage, nor to
any lease for a longer period at any one time
than three years (to be in writing in all cases),
prior to the first day of January, eighteen
hundred and eighty-one; nor shall said lands
be disposed of, contracted, or sold by the
owners thereof, under this partition, prior to
the first day of January, eighteen hundred and
eighty-one: Provided, That the same shall
be subject to taxation as other property under
the laws of the State of Indiaua on aud after
that date.
Sec. 5. That the members of said band, antJ
their^ descendants, shali become citizens of
the Uniied States on the first day of January,
eighteen hundred and eighty-one.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Chap. CCLXIII.—An Act to authorize the
President of the United States to negotiate
with the Chiefs and Head Men of the Sho-
shone and Bannock i'ribes of Indians for
the Relinquishment of a portion of their
Reservation in Wyoming Territory. I
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentalives of the United Slates of America in
Cony less assembled, That the President of
the United States be, and he is hereby.
