4394
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
amendment which. was adopted, and which
the subsequent action of the Senate showed
they were opposed to, although the amend-
ment was not touched. I introduced an amend-
ment making available an appropriation, and
added " and also shall continue available until
expended, or until the objects for which the
restrictive appropriations are made shall be
accomplished." I wish to withdraw that part
of it, as the Senate have already pronounced
against anything of the kind. It is on page
15, after line three hundred and fifty-seven.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no objection to
that being done.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in after line eight hundred and
twenty-one, on page 34 :
For preparing and printing a series of maps, not
exceeding twenty in number, to illustrate graph-
ically the quarto volumes of the ninth oensus,
825,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that the amendment
which shows the operations of the census by
colors ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it is a good
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in after line two hundred and
fifty-eight, on page 11:
For the purpose of meeting the neoessary ex-
penses of the Cherokee delegation now in this city,
the Seototary of the Interior bo authorized to make
requisition for and reoeive from tho Secretary of
the Treasury such arcasonablesum as may be neces-
sary out of the Osage funds already appropriated
by law to pay the Cherokees for their lands in the
Indian territory set apart for tho homes of tho
Mr. SHERMAN. That certainly ought to
be limited.
Mr. COLE. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs or the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Buckingham,] I think,
knows all about this matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to say, as
one member of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, that I never was present When any suoh
amendment was considered, and I am opposed
to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be limited at
any rate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought not to be here
at all.
Mr. COLE. It gives discretion to the Sec-
retary of the Interior to pay such necessary
expenses aa he sees fit out of their own funds.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can do that next
year. There is a large incidental appropria-
tion for the Indians.
Mr. COLE. Perhaps the Senator from
Connecticut can explain this, as tho Senator
from Iowa is not here.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no knowledge
of it. It was not considered by the committee
when I was present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must take the sense of the Senate on the
amendment unless it be withdrawn.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts wishes to offer an amendment to the
amendment in regard to the furniture of the
Boston post office, on page 17.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will only
be necessary to divert what has already been
appropriated to the purposes of furnishing.
It is not necessary to make a reappropriation.
Mr. COLE. Of a portion of it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was to insert on page 17, after line three
hundred and ninety, the following:
For neoessary furniture and outfit for the post
office and sub-Treasury building at Boston ana for
preparing the approaches thereto, $50,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is not
necessary to reappropriate at all,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move tc
to amend that
amendment by adding thereto "to be taken
from the appropriation already made for that
building."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, and Mr. COLE.
That is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment will be so modified, if there be no ob-
jection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Naval Affairs:
Sec. —. That the Secretary of the Navy be author-
ized to construct ten or more steam vessels of war,
oarrying ten or more guns of large caliber; the hulls
to be built of iron or wood, as the Secretary may
decide, the plans and specifications to be furnished
by the Navy Department; and that $5,000,000 be ap-
propriated for that purpose out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated : and that
the Secretary of the Navy shall appoint proper offi-
cers to superintend 'the construction of said vessels,
machinery, ordnance, and equipment.
Mr. BOREMAN. Is that in order under
the rule?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. If that is
decided to be in order, then we are going to
have trouble.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not understand the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read again. I
believe it authorizes the building of ten vessels
of war.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In order to
make that amendment entirely symmetrical, I
would suggest that after the words "five mil-
lions" the words "or more" be inserted.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from West Virginia make a point of
order?
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENSON. I make a point of
order on that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must have a statement of facts in regard to
this amendment before he can rule upon it.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is no law authorizing
the construction of these vessels. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs have recommended
the amendment and referred it to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it in
pursuance of any.estimate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not a private claim.
Mr. CRAGIN. I propose to have this
amendment come in on page 61, after the
clause making an appropriation for "emer-
gencies at naval stations, $40,000," and so on.
Mr. SHERMAN. The "emergencies"
have not arisen for this appropriation.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I intended
to occupy five minutes in making a statement
in relation to this amendment.
It is well known that at the beginning of the
rebellion we had comparatively few ships in
the Navy of the United States. That was
twelve years ago. Since that time the Gov-
ernment of the United States have built few,
if any, sea-going vessels of war. It is true
that during the rebellion we spent large sums
of money for iron-clad vessels for harbor and
river defense, but none of those vessels are
sea-going vessels, and to-day we are absolutely
poor in the Navy in regard to naval vessels.
Of sea-going iron-clads England has 41;
France, 20; Russia, 20 ; Spain, 6 ; Italy, 16;
the United States none. Of monitors suitable
for harbor defense, England has 46; France,
62; Russia, 26; Spain, 7 ; Italy, 22; the Uni-
ted States, 28. Of these 28, four are on the
stocks partially decayed, and could not be
completed short of fifteen months at a cost of
$1,200,000, or a longer time and more cost
than it would take to construct new vessels of
iron. One other of those afloat is condemned,
leaving 23 iron-clad vessels fit only for har-
bor defense.
Of vessels of all classes, England has 398 ;
France, 288; Russia, 319; Spain, 140; Italy,
91; the United States, 178. Of the 178 com-
prising the United States Navy, 8 are on the
stocks, built of white oak, and soon will not
be worth repairing; 8 are condemned as not
considered worth repairing; 23 are not able
to carry the modern armament, which will
reduce the number to 139, of which 17 are
store and receiving vessels, 28 are tugs, and 3
dispatch vessels, which reduces the number to
91 fighting vessels, of which 28 are monitors,
fit only for harbor defense. That is, in brief,
the present condition of the Navy of the United
States.
Bylaw, England adds twenty thousand tons
annually to her naval marine—more than we
have added in the last ten years—more than we
have added since the war certainly; including
the iron-clads,of course not as much as we have
added. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BOREMAN. I raise the question of
order upon this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the Senator from Kentucky also raised
a question of order.
Mr. BOREMAN. It does not directly relate
to anything in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As there
may be some exigency in the public service
not known to the Chair, requiring the con-
struction of these vessels, he will take the sense
of the Senate upon the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish.to say one word,
and I shall not be a minute 
Mr. BLAIR. What is the decision of the
Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will take the sense of the Senate whether they
will receive this amendment under the rule.
Mr. BLAIR. A point of order has been
made upon it.
• Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I hope the
Chair will exercise his judgment and his cour-
age and determine ail these questions. I have
confidence in his judgment. I hope he will
determine the question, because I think there
cannot be any law authorizing any such thing
as this. I trust the Chair will settle it.
Mr. COLE. I have one remark to make on
the merits of this proposition, and that is, I
hope we are not approaching war or so near a
collision with any foreign Power as to render
this amendment necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is de-
sired, the Chair will rule on this question, but
the Chair desired to be relieved from so doing,
and proposed to take the sense of the Senate.
■ Several Senators. Oh, no ; decide it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule
reads, "and no amendment to any such bill
making legislative provisions," like building
steamers, appointing men to office, &c., "other
than such as relate directly to the appropri-
ations contained in the bill, shall be received."
The Chair must rule that this amendment is
not in order. Does any one appeal from the
decision of the Chair ? ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. CORBET1'. I have a slight amend-
ment to offer. It is to insert on page 7, line
one hundred and sixty, after the words "waters
of the," the words "Pacific States, the;" so
that the clause will read :
For the introduction of shad into the waters of the
Paoifio States, the Gulf States, and of the Mississippi
valley, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer an amendment of
which due notice has been given, to insert on
page 6, after line one hundred and thirty-two,
the following:
For salary of the Assistant Attorney General for
the service of the Post Office Department, $4,000.
I will say that this office is provided for in
the postalcode bill which has just been passed,
and no appropriation has been made for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer another amendment,
to insert as a new section the following:
That from and after the 1st day of July, 1872, the
annual salaries of the Assistant Secretaries of tho
Treasury shall be $5,000 each, and $3,000 is hereby
