S498
THE CON*GRESSION"J.L GLOBE.
May 15,
tend to perpetuate this happy Government for
all time.
■ Well was it said to-day by my friend fVom
Ohio that Ohio hag an interest in this lot
down here. Yes, iiiy friend, you are right in
that; and so haS Texas. It is yours in part ;
it is mine in part; itr belongs to every Senator
here ; it belongs to our descendants for a time
that We cannot comprehend. Let it be AO.
Now, #bile I am in the notion of speaking,
I will prolong thy remarks a moment further,
but I • will wind up pretty quick, as yonder
clock admonishes me that 1 ata occupying
lime. I submit to the Seriate, I submit to
intelligent gentlemen anywhere and every-
where, what would be the position of this cap-
ital in the absence of railroads? Go back to
the days of proud Jackson, Calhoun, Jeffer-
son, Madison, and a host Of those mighty
spirits who wended their way to Congress upon
horseback; If that was our situation to-aay,
how long would Washington city, or Baltimore
hard by, be blessed, if a blessing it be, With
the seat of Government of the United States t
Why, it would not stand the first shock. The
power is westward ; the mighty area is there ;
citizens are moving into that mighty territory;
they are going there. First, they Tfent as
pigeons go ; you find Sit first five or six reeon-
noitering, looking around for the mast; but
when mast Is found, and what then do yon see?
They follow in untold millions. So goes the
tide of population to the West. In the ab-
sence of railroads I would not give fifteen
cents for Washington's prospects for maintain-
ing the seat of this proud Government, with
all the fond associations that appertain to it.
Mr. President, I beg pardon of the Senate
for having trespassed upon them so long as I
have. I hope, however, that. I shall witness
at an early moment the passage of this bill,
and that I shall live to see the grandest rail-
road depot known to man.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
we have been lifted off from our feet so often
to-day by the eloquence that has been poured
forth hefe that I am sure the Senate will
hardly be Satisfied with a few plain words to
bring us back to the practical question that is
before us. I feel something subdued; I feel
as though I hardly dared to rise in the pres-
ence of this array of future statues of illus-
trious persons that we have had brought before
us to-night. I think we have commuted a sin
and perhaps a crime, considering whodenianda
the present legislation, thfct we have hesitated
about it even so long.
Now, M*. President, this is the sixth time
that this railroad company has come here for
additional legislation to enable -it to go on.
Wt> have already designated a |><oint, at their
own solicitation, where the passenger depot
could be fixed. They come here now and ask
not for a change; they mean 10 keep all they
have got; but they ask for a new and addi-
tional one. They have never paid a dollar for
any grounds they have occupied in coming into
the city. They have never paid and never
propose to pay anything for the bridge we have
given them. They do not, propose to pay any-
thing for this new tract ot land.
Mr. CAME RON. Will not the Senator
allow me?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
when be wa*g up 011 this point would not yield
to me. I prefer'not to yield, as I propose to
occupy bat very little more time.'
Mr. President,' the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania when be was np on ihe former occasion
said, as I understood hint, that the Board of
Public Works of this eity were Unanimously
for this affair. Now, Mr. President, I begin
to lose my faith in man. I have seen the
Board of Ptjblie Works, more than one of
them, a d they have assured me that every
man of them was hostfte to this project, and
that no one of tbem favored it while it was
before the territorial Legislature. The Sen-
ator also assured the Senate that Governor
Cooke was in favor of it. The last time I
saw the Governor he promised me, as I un-
derstood him, that he wotrid gb and see Mr.
Scott, with whom he was intimate, and that
he would try to prevail upon him to withdraw
this project of his. I do not doubt that the
Senator has been so informed as he has stated,
and I do not believe that he doubts what I say
as to information received by me.
Mr. CAMERON. Will not the Senator
allow me to correct him just there before his
wrong impression shall go abroad ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I Will do bet-
ter than the Senator did by me, -Whew he was
making a statement I tried to correct it, and
he would not allow me to da it; but I Will
yield.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator only
for the right to correct a misstatement which
he iB making, unintentionally of eourse. I
said that Governor Cooke, the president of
the Board of Public Works, ttnd General Bab-
eock, in- charge of the public grounds, all! of
thetn said—so-I am Informed1 upon authority
which I do not dotfbt--that they'desired this
depot to be placed where-it is proposed' ire this
bill, and to have no alteration of any Wad made
in this bill. It is now ft question of veracity,
and I do not allow kty friehd nor my enemy
to doubt my Word when- I state a thing as a
fact.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.' The Sen-
ator will pardon tne; I didrtotpteteird- todoubt
but that he had'boen so informed. !
Mr. CAMERON. I have only tkj say new
that if Governor Cooke 'mad-e the statement
which the Senator from Vermont says fee did,
it mast have been made before the gtotemewt
was made which 1 proclaimed to the Senate
to-night, ftivd before he had viewed the ground
and examined the subject; which I believe
was the case. 1 will not doubt that Governor
Cooke is a man of veracity.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I fcelieVe he
is, too.
Mr. CAMERON. And if he is ho eannot
gainsay what I have stated to-night in regard
to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I repeat, Mr.
President, that the last time I saw Governor
Cooke lie assured me that he would go to- Mr.
Scott and endeavor to prevail upon him.' not
to push the depot matter, or to have some
compromise. 1
Mr. CAMERON. As he did; and he then
agreed that he had misunderstsod the swbjeet)
and changed his opinion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont; Ah! that fS
a very different statement of tlie faets.1 1 ha/ve
no doubt he changed his mind and subsequently
came to approve it, as I believe most people
who come in contact With the president! of this
road do.
Now, sir, there is another statement in re-
lation to the views of the people of this eity.
I am informed by most respectable parties
that the bulk of the property-holder# of this
city are opposed to thfs whole project, and for
the reason that they believe it will be a: last-
ing injury to the city ; that if the eity could be
allowed to have a public park, as was pro-
jected from the foundation of the Govern-
ment, it -would make this city so attractive
as to draw an increased population! here and
an increased amount of property for taxation.
It is true that in the last nights of an expir-
ing administration of the city government they
did pass a resolution or an act giving permis-
sion for this, and yet very recently one branch
of the city government has passed a law, or so
far as they could pass it, repealing it.
Bat it is stated by the Senator from New
Jersey that this is no proper plaee for a, pub-
lie park; that we ought to go out to Rock
creek. Why, sir, that would place it beyond
the power of any one except rich holders of
property fo eve* gee the park. If it should
remain here, according to the original plan
of the oity, every man, woman, and child,
rich and poor, oould visit it at his own will
and pteasurei But place it out upon Hock
ore alt, #nd tHen, unless the poor man should
have a fire-dollar bill in his pocket' that he
did aot know what else to do with, he could
not reach the public park, whereas this park
is accessible to all tts & place of health and
recreation. It some* without fcioney and
Without price. A parls at Rock creek would
(lost million's of money to buy and Adorn it,
and then be very costly to all visitors.
It Is also contended that this -will be no in-
jttty to the public park. Why, sir, any one
who looks at the map will' see that the depot
covers owe half of the whole distance across
it, absolutely obstructing it for all other pur-
poses whatsoever. It cannot be pretended
that we are to travel through the depot, or over
it, 01? that after that has been put up we cau
make a grand Bourse or aroad by which we can
fst firotn the main park to the Capitol grounds,
henjio addition to that, thefe isto be a double
railroad track for the rest of the distance, or
diVef the- other half; and- a double track on
one of these narrow streets1 pift, there, in the
center .edmpletely obstructs it from all other
travel. In the first platee^ it will be covered by
looomstivea and by cars altiiost continually, and
while they kre on the traok, it cannot, be pre-
tended that you are going tfo 'travel «po  the
road or ekvn c os« it! upon- the same line.
Even ill t&e Ortee of the steam-engine that is
used: here irt the city for pwtting down the
esncrete pawetseflt illustrates 'this question,
awsd' who knows how many accidents have hap-
pened In the city siffice it has been fired1 op ?
M you ptrta track! across Sixth street, does
Anybody sappose that the street is not to be
for everything elsa utterly impassable?
Mir.- President, it ra then contended that all
this only be remedied by bridging over the
streeti How? This bil'l-provides for but one
bridge, a«d tliat, in order to' clear a railroad
eairj-mo-st be seventeen feet in the clear; and
with' a proper stone' structure it must rise up
to about twenty-five feet above the grade of
the street. Then, how far is1 it to'be graded
at each end' sri that you cati readh that bridge?
Two or three hundred feet 6n either side; and
what ft blot that will be at the approach in
such a park as this t' Why, Mr. President,
there is no mistake about this railroad pro-
ject ; it i« taking the pairte by the throat and
throttling it.
S«nsU®«j may tMfiMtbat this is a light-thing,
but I say to them that they ate giving away
the public pfoperty, Und are receiving for it) 110
fconsidsratien whatever. The people of this
cofmtry will never ratify a thing of that kind.
Every visitor to the capital for the next half
eentury will go away execrating' the Congress
that shall do an aoC of suoh indecent desecra-
tion of what has been consecrated- from the
foundation of the Government as a part) of the
tratural adornment Of this capital.
Now, we are called-upon here'in the Senate,
art was the House of ltepresentaxives, to take
this bill without dotting an i or ofofssinga t.
No member of the Mouse was permntied to
offer or to propose ail amendment; and to-
night we have twice been informed that this
bill must be passed without dotting an i or
crossing a t Are Senators of the United
States to'have a bill thrust) do*® theif throats
in that Style ? For one, I am not disposed to
taike a dose of that sort. If the bill is'to pass,
there are a number of amendments to which it
Ought to be subjected. -In the first place,- we
tax tie Market company for the perpetual
lease of the land they occupy; and pay over
the rent to the city as a eo'Minon-sehooi fund.
This land is almost- equally vahi&bte, far more
essential to the United' States, and ought to
pay twenty or thirty thousand dollars annually
for the lease of it, "if? we wanted to lease it, but
we do not.
