1708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
been induced by our laws to invest his money
in industrial pursuits, every hamlet, village,
and ciiy that has been built by reason of
your protection laws; every community of
farmers, or laborers, or shop-keepers whose
industry has been employed by reason of your
policy, may demand of you that any changes
in your laws should be made with careful
reference to the industry, capital, and skill
that have been encouraged, invested, or em-
ployed in the development of your policy.
All laws that affect the industry of the peo-
ple should be as stable as possible, consistent
with the inevitable change that attends human
wants. I hope, therefore, that in making the
reduction of our revenue we will all agree that
it should be done to give the greatest relief
and so as to do the least possible injury to
any industrial industry fostered by our laws.
In the several acts reducing taxes since the
close of the war, it has been conceded that
internal taxes should first be repealed. They
were the product of the war, new, inquisitorial,
reaching every county and hamlet, and were
collected by officers of the law brought to the
door of every household. The worst of these
taxes have been repealed; but there still re-
main special taxes which make it necessary to
keep revenue officers in every county of the
United States. These special taxes are on
wholesale and retail dealers in spirits, tobacco,
and beer, and on banks and bankers, and on
gas. Many of the stamp taxes are imposed
on the production of such articles as matches,
medicines, and the like; others are on the
sale of property and on commercial paper,
while all of them involve the employment of
a multitude of agents for the sale of stamps,
residing in every county of the United States,
at a cost of five per cent, on their sales.
While productive, they are annoying, expen-
sive in collection, and are, in a multitude
of cases, easily evaded. If the special taxes
on spirits, tobacco, and beer can be consol-
idated with the tax now levied on the manu-
facture of these articles at the distillery, brew-
ery, and manufactory, and the special tax on
gas and bankers is repealed, we can dispense
with the vast army of revenue officers and con-
centrate the attention and surveillance of the
internal revenue office to the places where
whisky, tobacco, and beer are made. If we
ean dispense with the stamp taxes, the whole
system of internal taxes will disappear, ex-
cept the excise taxes on whisky, tobacco, and
beer, which, by the common consent of both
producer and consumer, are recognized as
proper objects of taxation.
The taxes on the circulation and deposits of
national banks do not enter into our internal
revenue system. They are rather regarded as
the fund from which to pay the expenses of
printing the notes and maintaining the sys-
tem. The excess collected from this tax over
these expenses may properly be regarded as a
return payment for a franchise. This tax is
collected directly by the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, and should be retained. If it is
deemed best to retain this tax, as against other
banks and bankers, it may be collected in the
same way and by the aid of bank examiners.
In advance of a definite measure, dealing
with internal revenue, 1 am prepared to say,
without committing auy one else, that we can
and ought now to repeal all internal taxes
except on whisky, tobacco, and beer, and to
consolidate and simplify them.
The income tax expires with the collection
of the tax of 1871, which, on personal incomes,
is assessed during this month. The public
mind is not yet prepared to apply tho only key
to a genuine revenue reform. A few years of
further experience will convince the body of
our people that a system of' national taxes
which rests the whole burden of taxation on
consumption, and not one cent on property
or income, is intrinsically unjust. While the
expenses of the national Government are
largely caused by the protection of property,
it is but right to require property to contrib-
ute to their payment. It will not do to say
that each person consumes in proportion to
his means. This is not true. Everyone must
see that the consumption of the rich does not
bear the same relation to the consumption of
the poor as the income of the one does to the
wages of the other.
As wealth accumulates, this injustice in the
fundamental basis of our system will be felt
and forced upon the attention of Congress.
Then an income tax, carefully adjusted, with
proper discriminations between income from
property and income from personal services,
and freed from the espionage of our present
law, will become a part of our system, just as
such a law proposed by Sir Robert Peel, after
a disuse of twenty-five years, was the basis of
the revolution in the tax system of Great
Britain.
If these changes in our internal revenue
laws are made, it will reduce internal taxes
$31,500,000, or from $126,000,000 .to $94,-
500,000. But this reduction of taxes will be
accompanied by a reduction of our expend-
itures of not less than $2,500,000, and if the
new regulation as to whisky tax should prove
practicable, there will be a much greater re-
duction. This will leave us a net loss of reve-
nue of $29,000,000, and with a margin of
$21,000,000 for the reduction of tariff duties.
U pon what articles and upon what principle
shall this reduction be made ?
The House of Representatives propose to
repeal the duties on coal and salt, articles
largely produced in this country, and on tea
and coffee, which are not produced in this coun-
try. The aggregate duties collected on these
articles last year were:
On coal  $538,375 82
On salt  1,175,587 37
On tea.  8.322,99i 67
On coffee 10,969,098 77
In all  $21,006,056 63
or just the amount we are able to repeal.
Why single out these articles for special repeal ?
The whole quantity of coal imported last year
was 431,108f tons. The amount of bitum-
inous coal produced in this country last year is
estimated at 15,000,000 tons, and of anthra-
cite at 19,000,000 tons, or an aggregate of
84,000,000 tons. So that the imported coal
is less than one and one half per cent, of that
consumed.
The whole benefit of this repeal would inure
to the benefit of Nova Scotia, and not to any
part of our country. The cost of the produc-
tion of domestic coal fixes the price, and the
only effect of this repeal will be to raise the
price of foreign coal for the benefit of Nova
Scotia miners and land-owners, or more espe-
cially for the benefit of American speculators
in coal mines in Nova Scotia. It will not
appreciably inure to the benefit of our con-
sumers. To the precise extent that the repeal
increases the importation of foreign coal, it
will diminish the mining of our own. E'ind-
ing our vast market open and free to them,
they will force the production in Nova Scotia,
and divide the profits between their land-own-
ers, their miners, and their sailors. Our in-
dustry will be diminished to the same extent
without benefiting our consumers.
Again, free coal will have the same effect
upon Nova Scotia that the reciprocity treaty
had in Canada. It will give them the benefit
of our markets without the burden of our taxes
on home producers. It will make the annex-
ation of those kindred countries impossible.
Again, it is gross injustice not only to our
miners, but to our shippers. By the settled
policy of our navigation laws, no foreign vessel
can carry our coal from Philadelphia to Bos-
ton, but they can from Nova Scotia to Boston.
It is said a foreign vessel can carry cheaper
than ours. Thus you discriminate in favor of
Nova Scotia by allowing their products to be
carried in the cheapest vessels in the world,
while our miners must ship in an American
vessel. You must repeal your navigation laws
before you can make coal free. The same ves-
sel that carries coal from Nova Scotia to Bos-
ton cannot carry domestic coal there, and yet
Boston at the same moment insists upon the
navigation laws and upon the repeal of the
duty on coal.
Again, so faras the duty on coal is concerned,
it is only claimed that it may slightly reduce
the cost of coal consumed northeast of New
York. It cannot affect the price elsewhere,
for without a duty foreign coal will not be used
south or west of New York. Now, New Eng-
land has the benefit of our navigation laws
and our duties, protecting their industries.
Coal is the finished product of the miner as
much as cloth is of the manufacturer. How
can you convince the miner that he should not
have the benefit of a duty on coal when you
demand it on cloth V
So with salt. Salt is largely produced in
this country. It is chiefly the product of inte-
rior sections, where other manufacturing in-
dustry does not exist. The chief source of
supply is at Syracuse, New York, Saginaw,
Michigan, and at Pomeroy, Ohio. It employs
fifteen thousand persons and twenty millions
of capital. It is an absolute necessity of life.
This industry must be maintained in war, for
our foreign supply would be imperiled by any
maritime Power.
Tho domestic supply is ample, and the pro-
duct is cheap. It is sold in every domestic
market at less than one cent per pound. Our
fishermen, who must compete with foreigners,
have their salt, in effect, duty free, for they
are paid a drawback of the duty on all they
use. It is a western product, and its produc-
tion, transportation, and use represents labor.
Every part of it is labor. The raw brine costs
nothing but the labor of pumping. It is labor
in the form of salt. If labor is to be protected,
why should labor, producing salt, be excepted ?
There is now a duty on salt of eighteen cents
per hundred pounds, or less than one fifth of
one cent per pound. If all textile and metallic
fabrics must be protected, why not salt?
If you look for revenue, it yields over one
million with little cost and absolute certainty.
If you look to protection to labor, what duty
gives protection more properly than the duty
on salt? The duty on salt does add to the cost
of the article on the sea-coast, but does not
affect the price in the West, but if duties are
to be levied only on articles the manufacture
of the East, how long will they stand ?
The revision of the tariff must be treated as
a whole. General principles must be applied.
If special exemptions from duty are applied to
one article of domestic product, they must be
applied to all. We may stand upon exemp-
tions from duty on articles that we cannot pro-
duce, but you cannot stand upon special ex-
emptions on any article that we can and ought
to produce. Free coal and free salt mean free
iron and free woolens. You may discriminate
in rate of duty by reason of cost, bulk, capa-
city of production, and for other causes, and
for them you may properly reduce the duty,
but you cannot make the article free whether
you adopt the theory of a revenue or a pro-
tective tariff.
It is said that coal and salt are raw articles.
Every article is the finished product of one
industry—coal of the miner, salt of the boiler.
Every commodity is only the raw basis of
other industries—cloth for the tailor, tools for
the farmer, machinery for the manufacturer,
and all of them are the raw article of the
merchant. I therefore conclude that whether
we regard the duties on coal and salt as rev-
enue duties or protective duties, they ought
not to be entirely repealed, and therefore the
House bills ought not to pass.
As to the duties on tea and coffee, their
repeal is simply a question of revenue. We
cannot produce them. They are of such gen-
eral use as to enter into the consumption of
nearly every family in the United States. The
