'2604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is it not in ref-
erence, to the same thing?
Mr. SGOTT. No, sir.
Mr. FREHNGHUYSEN. It is not a repe-
tition of the same thing. It is subject to the
criticism, however, that this other company
may have purchased ; but I suppose that will
depend upon the charter of that other com-
pany, which is not now before us.
Mr. MO MULL, of Maine. It seems to me
to be reciting substantially what had been
strieken out in the other part.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No. The word
"purchase," as it occurs in the thirteenth
line, refers to any arrangement, or purchase
made by this Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. In the seventeenth line, the word
"purchased" refers to purchases made by
companies with which they consolidate, and
their right to purchase must depend upon
their existing charters, which are not before
us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the com-
mittee as amended.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that the amend-
ment, of the Senator from Vermont may be
read once more, or rather let the whole amend-
ment of the committee be read as amended.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
committee, as now amended, reads:
And all or any portion of the lands required by
the terms of consolidation lawfully authorised by
said act of March 3, 1871, with any railroad company
or companies to whom grants of lands may havo been
madeor may hereaftei be made by any congressional,
State, or territorial authority, or who may have pur-
chased the same previous to any such arrangement
or consolidation and within the time limited tor the
completion of the ryj,d, and ail such lands of every
description, shall bo subject to all limitations and
conditions now by law existing in relation thereto;
and this act shall not be construed to revive, enlarge,
extend, or create any land grant whatever; and all
such mqj-tguges shall bo subject to all the conditions
and limitations by law existing in respect to such
lands, and shall not be held to vest any title in the
mortgagee or create any lien on such lands other than
such company is or may become lawfully entitled to
vest or create.
- Mr. THURMAN. I wish to move an amend-
ment to that amendment. This amendment
has been amended by inserting after the word
"consolidation," in the fourteenth line, the,
words "lawfully authorized by said act of
March 3, 1871." I move to amend by insert-
ing alter the word " by," in the amendment
which has been made, the words " the fourth
section of;" so that it will read, "lawfully
authorized by the fourth section of said act of
March 3, 1871; " and I will state the reason
of it.
It has been assumed in the debate that this
company is limited in its power of consolida-
tion to certain companies that were in exist-
ence at the time that the charter was passed.
That has been assumed to be the fact, and that
that^ limitation is by the terms of the fourth
section of the charter; but some obscurity is
thrown upon that by the terms of the eleventh
section of ihe charter, and it may be a question
whether or not the eleventh section does not
enlarge the power of consolidation of the com-
pany. I do not think it was the intention of
Congress to do so, and I do not think that
properly construed the eleventh seciion has
thai effect; but to avoid all doubt about it, I
wish to limit that, or make it precise, by say-
ing " the fourth section of the act of March 3,
1871." The power of consolidation expressly
given to this company, the Texas Pacific, is
given by the fourth section in this charter:
"That the said Texas Pacific Railroad Company
shall havo power and lawful authority to purchase
thestock, land grants, franchise, and appurtenances
of, and consolidate on such terms as may be agreed
upon between the parties, with any railroad com-
pany or companies heretofore chartered bv congres-
sional. State, or territorial authority, on the route
prescribed in the first section of this act; but no
such consolidation shall be with any competing
through line of railroad.-, to the Pacific ocean."
There is the express limitation of the power.
In fact, without that it would have no power
to consolidate. This is the enabling act, and
it enables it to consolidate only with companies
theretofore chartered.
The eleventh section, in the minds of some
Senators, is capable of a more enlarged inter-
pretation, though I do not think myself that
that was the intention of Congress. I think
that was intended to be subordinate to the
fourth section, without which there would
properly be no power to consolidate at all.
Therefore, to make the amendment harmon-
ious with the charter, and exactly what it ought
to be, I move to insert the words "the fourth
section of."
The PRESIDING OFFICER If there'be
no objection, that verbal amendment will be
made. If there be objection, however, the
Chair will state that it is not strictly in order.
The words proposed to be amended having
been inserted by vote of the Senate, are not
susceptible of amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. You cannot strike out
what has been inserted unless you include
something else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
added to.
Mr. SCOTT. I only wish to express the
hope, if the Senator from Ohio holds, that he
does not consider this amendment necessary,
that when this is adopted we shall be done
with unnecessary amendments. I do not see
any other clause of the charter which author-
izes consolidation except the fourth section,
although I have not looked through it care-
fully for that purpose.
Mr. THURMAN. These railroad charters,
especially those that have these great land
grants in them, are such insidious things that
1 like to wateh them very "closely, and leave
nothing to implication or construction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the amend-
ment objected to?
Mr. SCOTT. I do not see any objection
to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, that verbal amendment will be
made.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not object to it, agree-
ing with the Senator thatitleaves the rights of
the company just where they were before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the
committee, as amended.
Mr. HARLAN. Let it be read as it now
stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And all or any portion of the lands acquired by
the terms of consolidation lawfully authorized by
the fourth section of said act of March 3,1871, with
any railroad company or companies to whom grants
of land may have been made, or may hereafter be
made, by any congressional, State, or territorial
authority, or who may have purchased the same
previous to any such arrangement or consolidation
and within the time limited for the completion of the
road, and all such lands of every descriptiou shall
be subject to all limitations and conditions now by
law existing in relation thereto ; and this act shall
not bo construed to revive, enlarge, extend, or cre-
ate any land grant whatever, and allsuch mortgages
shall be subject to all conditions and limitations by
law existing in respect to such lands, and shall not
bo held to vest any title in the mortgagee or create
any lien on such lands other than such company is
or may become lawfully entitled to vest or create.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I now suggest, as we have the
bill with the amendments printed before us,
that we go back to the amendments of the
committee that were not acted upon yesterday,
and were not then proposed, and act upon
them, so that we shall progress regularly with
the bill. The word "southern " in the name
of the company occurs several times in the
first section and also in the second section,
and in section five, page 3, and the committee
recommend that it be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the Secretary will go back and
report the amendments of the committee as
they now appear in the reprint of the bill.
1 he CHiE0CLEnii. The committee propose,
in lines four and five of the first section of the
bill, to strike out the word " southern" in the
title of the road, and also thesameamendment
in the first line of the second section and the
first line of the fifth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, these "verbal amendments will
be regarded as agreed to, and they are agreed
to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line four, after the word " land," to insert the
words "not exceeding $40,000 per mile of
said road so that the section will read:
That the said The Texas Pacific Railway Com-
pany shall have power and authority to issue the
construction and land bonds authorized by the
eleventh section of said act of incorporation for
such amounts, not exceeding $40,000 per mile of said
road, as said company may deem needful t.o provide
for the construction and equipment of its line, &c.
Mr. SCOTT, I observe that the words "of
construction bonds" ought to be inserted there,
because the limitation is for $2 50 an acre
for the land bonds. It should read, " not
exceeding $40,000 per mile for said road
of construction bonds."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That verbal
modification will be made, if there be no
objection.
The amendment,as modified,was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Ohio that
his amendment at the end of the second sec-
tion would now be in order.
Mr. THURMAN. It seems to be the opin-
ion of those who favor the amendment that it-
is embraced within what was offered by the
Senator from Vermont, and therefore I shall
not offer it.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section three, line six, after the words
"provided, that," to strike out the words
"the proceeds of the sales of;" so that the
proviso will read :
Provided, That the aforesaid bonds and the author-
ized capital stock, or the proceeds thereof, shall be
applied only for the purpose of securing the con-
struction, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I desire to
offer an amendment to the third section of the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Texas that
we are not through with the amendments
reported by the committee.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Is it proposed
to go through with the amendments of the
committee first? 1 thought the bill was to be
taken up by sections.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senator will allow
us to go through with the amendments of the
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is usual
to dispose of the amendments of the committee
first.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I will with-
draw my amendment until the committee are
through with their amendments if it is desired
to go through with their amendments first. I
did not know butthat I might lose my privilege
to offer it by allowing the section to be passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at all.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section five, line seven, after the word " Cali-
fornia " to insert the words "on the line
authorized by the original act;" so that the
section will read:
That the said Texas and Pacific Railroad Com*
pany shall commence the construction of its road at
or near Marshall, Texas, and proceed with its con-
struction, under the original act and this supple-
ment, or in pursuance of the authority derived from
any consolidation as aforesaid, westerly from a point
near Marshall and toward San Diego, in the t tate
of Calilorma, on the line authorized by the original
act, &c.
Mr. SCOTT. I suggest to the Senator from
Nevada that the words " on the line authorized
by the original act" are rendered unneces-
sary by the adoption of the amendment refer-
ring to the fourth section of the bill, which-con-
fines Ihe power to the line authorized by the
