812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
of examiners—is repugnant to the spirit of our
institutions, and cannot be tolerated. It might
do in the Old World, but not here. We have
no room in our system of government for an
aristocratic class, whether they be called by
one name or another. Besides, sir, what guar-
antee have we that the persons composing the
examining boards will remain pure? They
will bo men, they will not be exempt from the
■weaknesses and frailties common to humanity j
they will be subject to the same influences as
other men. Their numbers must necessarily
be large, in order that they may make the ex-
aminations contemplated. They will be led
into temptation. May they not act from un-
worthy motives? What charm will preserve
them from corruption?
Sir, in my judgment, no plan could be in-
vented that would bo more open to the attacks
of corruption. Besponsibility is divided, and
lests lightly upon the shoulders of individuals.
Avenues would be easily found through which
boards could be safely approached with offers
of money, and it would be marvelous if posi-
tions were not bought aud sold like sheep in
the. market.
The proposition to select postmasters whose
annual salaries arc two hundred dollars and
upward by competitive examinations is obvi-
ously impracticable. There is no necessity
for any such examination. There is not the
slightest difficulty in ascertaining whether an
applicant is qualified for the post, and there
is no complaint that those officials are not of
sufficient ability and education.
Besides, the examination would afford no
test whatever. The disposition to be obliging
and accommodating to the people is of quite
as much importaucc as proficiency in sci-
ence. Standing in the community that com-
mands confidence and respect, and the ability
to give bonds for the discharge of duty, have
something to do with the question. Perhaps
in a majority of cases there are not to exceed
two or three in a town so situated that they
could keep a post office in a suitable place—
a place that would accommodate the public."
It would hardly do to appoint a, person with '
no place in which to keep an office—no facili-
ties for accommodating the'public, even if his
" knowledge, ability, and .special qualifications
for the performance of the duties of the office"
were of the highest order. A central and
proper location of a post office in a community
would be preferred to profound scholarship in
the postmaster. The creation^ of a multi-
plicity of salaried officers which so many
examinations of applicants for office from all
parts of the country would necessitate, and
the expense in time and money necessarily
attendant upon such examinations, would
make the system an expensive one, one that
would not sit lightly upon the tax-payers.
The policy of this project, which seems fo
intend that only office-seekers shall be ap-
pointed to office ; that they shall be men who
place so small an estimate upon their own
services as to be willing to enter the lowest
grade of the service, and above all submit to
a competitive examination for even that
privilege, seems to my mind certain to degrade
the service. We want men to fill some of
those offices certainly who arc not office-
seekers, and who would make personal sacri-
fices by accepting office. We want men of
ability and experience who would hardly con-
sent to enter the service as a copyist in the
lowest grade. We want men who would have
too much self-respect to enter into a scramble
for a petty office, and siibmit to be catechised
like school-boys by aboard of conceited exam-
iners. If it is intended that such men shall be
kept out of office: that only boys fresh from
college shall enter this grouped and graded
establishment, being promoted from grade to
grade, and from group to group; boys who
have never had any experience in the prac-
tical affairs of the world, I deem it a mis-
taken policy. Experience among men in the
business of life is quite as necessary tq an office-
holder as a knowledge of school-books.
Congress authorized the President to em-
ploy the commissioners to devise these rules.
Their work being submitted to him, with com-
mendable promptness, and doubtless with the
most earnest desire to inaugurate a reform, he
resolved to give it a fair trial. It is the work
of most learned and eminent men, for whom
I entertain the most profound respect; but I
think it must take its place among the many
inventions which, though conceived by bril-
liant minds, failed to answer the purposes for
which they were intended.
NATIONAL EDUCATIONAL FUND.
Mr. LOWE. Mr. Speaker, in the general
purposes and objects of the bill reported by
the Committee on Education and Labor, to
apply the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands to educational purposes, I desire to ex-
press my cordial concurrence. No subject can
be advanced of greater interest to philan-
thropy and statesmanship than that of the pro-
motion of the education of the youth of the
country. It has, sir, become to the American
mind almost an axiom that without intelligence
among the people republican institutions can-
not be maintained. Nor is it a new feature
in national legislation for the General Gov-
ernment to extend its paternal care, its foster-
ing protection, and its substantial succor to
educational interests. For more than two gen-
erations the General Government has been con-
tinually supplying aid to the common-school
systems of the States by the appropriation of
public lauds for their endowment. This policy,
inaugurated in 1785, repeated in the organiza-
tion of every new State and Territory to the
present time, has become familiar to the pop-
ular mind and dear to the national heart. As
the country advanced in population and wealth
the endowments of the schools and colleges
increased, until in 18G2 there was appropriated
to the States an amount equal to thirty thou-
sand acres for each member and Senator of
Congress. The aggregate of endowments thus
made to educational purposes has reached the
magnificent amount of more than seventy eight
million acrcs of land.
But, although so large, who has been found
to complain ? The fruit of the system is seen
in every quarter of the land where the fund
has been husbanded, and to it in great part we
are indebted for the stability, extent, aud effi-
ciency of our educational system. It is too
late to _ talk about constitutional objections,
and to interpose constitutional criticism. The
men who framed and put into operation the
Constitution also inaugurated the system of
national endowments to the schools. A Gov-
ernment may do what it will with its own to
maintain the public welfare and consolidate
the institutions upon which it is based.
And, sir, I believe the time has come to en-
large and complete the policy upon which we
have heretofore acted. Jt is time to turn
attention to the development of the intelli-
gence and virtue of the people, so that their
standard may be advanced to such high posi-
tion as shall secure the perpetuity of our insti-
tutions. The endowment proposed will en-
able the Slates, if any there be who are falter-
ing in the subject of education by reason of
financial embarrassments, to place their school
systems upon a successful basis, and to the
State more fortunately situated it will afford
the means and the inducement to extend
still greater opportunities and facilities for
enlarged and more complete culture. I know-
there are objections made to the measure;
there are few things to which plausible objec-
tions may not be urged. If it reduces the
revenue of the country by so much, I reply
that as compared with the aggregate revenue
of the country the reduction is trifling.
The argument that would insist upon the
disposition of the public lands for the purpose
of revenue would repeal the homestead and
preemption laws and put up the public domain
at auction to the highest bidder. It is long
since the public lands have ceased to be dis-
posed of for the purpose of revenue. The
preemption laws, which devoted the public
lands to actual settlers at $1 25 an acre, were
succeeded by the homestead law, intended to
place the public domain in the hands of actual
occupants at the cost of survey and sale. These
measures both looked to the absorption of the
public domain in the interest and for the
homes of the people, and not for the acquisi-
tion of revenue.
Sir, our public domain is not unlimited. True
it is still nearly worthy of the high encomiums
that have been placed upon it, but many mil-
lions of acres that help to swell the magnifi-
cent aggregate of public lands are lodged upon
untillable mountains, and spread out upon and
plains which can only be availed of for culti-
vation through expensive processes of irriga-
tion. Another generation of sons and daugh-
ters of the Bast seeking new homes in the West,
another generation of toilers from the Old
World seeking the benefactions and endow-
ments of the New, will leave but little of the
public domain of a desirable character for
the first occupancy of the generations that
shall succeed them. It is wise, therefore, to
devote the proceeds of this public heritage
while we may to the advancement of those
instrumentalities of universal education and
intelligence which the common schools, the
people's colleges, afford. If collateral rea-
sons were necessary or desirable to give
strength and support to the measure proposed,
one of very cogent import might be found in
the consideration that the consecration of the
public domain or its proceeds to the culture
and education of the children of the nation
would lend an additional inducement to pru-
dence and economy in the disposition of the
public lands. We have regarded them here-
tofore as practically almost exhaustless. We
have bestowed them upon public and private
enterprises with more than princely munifi-
cence. We have endowed railroad enterprises
with lands that would make an empire. Sir,
much of them were wisely disposed of thus,
and whether or not we question the wis-
dom of the past in this regard, the dictates
of prudence and the voice ot' the people call
for a suspension of further advance in that
direction for the future. With three transcon-
tinental' lines of railroads provided for, the
nation has comple'ed its public duties in that
direction, and pub ic improvements not yet
initiated can await hereafter the natural growth
of the country, private enterprise, and the vol-
untary action of the people. Railroads can bp,
built forever, but the acres of land are forever
the same. Sir, I rejoice to see the reiteration
by the Chief Magistrate of the nation, in bis
recent annual message, of his views formerly
expressed upon this subject. He said:
"I renew my recommendation that the public
lands bo regardea as a heritage to our children, to
bo disposed of only as required for occupation and
to aotual settlers. Those already granted Slave been
in great part disposed of in such a way as to secure
access to the balance by the hardy settler who may
wish to avail himself of thorn, but caution should
bo exercised even in attaining so desirable an
object."
In the language of this wise recommendation
let the public lands be regarded as a heritage
to our children, to be disposed of only as re-
quired for occupation and to actual settlers,
and let us supplement this wise and necessary
policy with this other advance of devoting the
proceeds of their disposal as a still further
heritage to our children in providing for their
education, intelligence, ami culture.
Mr. Speaker, while I have thus cordially
favored the purposes of this bill, I have also
desired to see it so perfected in its details as
to be as nearly as possible just to all the coun-
try. The fourth section of the bill provides
that the apportionment of funds to be made
shall bo according to the last preceding gen-
eral census of the United States.
