1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
Laws of the United States.
42d Gong...2d Sess.
the act of third March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army, is so far modified, that the
President is hereby authorized to appoint a
Paymaster General, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of a colonel, said appointment to
date from the time the appointee assumed the
duties of the office, to fill the vacancy nowr
existing.
Approved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCLXXXVII.—An Act relating to
Inventories and Accounts of the Property
of the United States iu Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That to carry out more
effectually the second section of an act en-
titled "An act to provide inventories and ac-
counts of the property of the United States in
the public buildings and grounds belonging to
the United States in the District of Columbia,"
approved July fifteenth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, that it shall be the duty of the officer
or officers, having in charge the property of
the United States in and about the Capitol,
the President's House, and the Botanical Gar-
den to furnish an annual statement to the
architect of the Capitol extension, -by the
first day of December in each year, setting
forth the public property in all the buildings,
rooms, and grounds, under their charge, pur-
chased during each year, and an account of
the disposition of sucli property during the
same period, whether by sale or otherwise.
Approved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCLXXXVIII.— An Act granting to
the Davenport and St. Paul Railroad Com-
pany the Right of Way.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Davenport and
Saint Paul Railroad Company, a corporation
existing under the laws of the State of Iowa,
be, and is hereby authorized, upon the pay-
meut of one third of the cost of the bridge
over the main channel of the Mississippi river
at Rock Island, and shall also be liable for
and pay one third of the cost of keeping the
same in repair, to pass the cars of the said
Davenport and Saint Paul Railroad Company
over said bridge, with the same rights and
privileges, and subject to the same restrictions
that are or may be exercised or enjoyed by
any other railroad company.
Sec. 2. That upon the payment into the
Treasury of the United States of one halt
of the money referred to in section one of this
act, and the payment to the Chicago, Rock
Island, and Pacific Railroad Company of the
remaining half of said sum of money, said
Davenport and Saint Paul Railroad Company
shall be authorized to construct and maintain
its own track and bridge from the east end of
the bridge first above mentioned to the city
of Rock Island, in the State of Illinois:
Provided, however, That the same shall be
done without any expense to the Government
of the United States, and under the direction
and shall continue under the control of the
Secretary of War.
Skc. 3. That in case any railroad companies
authorized by law to cross said Government
bridge cannot agree upon a time-table to con-
trol the running of their respective trains
thereon, the Secretary of War shall determine
the question of difference, and fix the time
for trains: Provided, That the point where
said bridge shall strike the Illinois shore shall
be not more than two hundred feet from the
present Government wagon-bridge: And pro-
vided also, That said track and bridge shall
be completed within two years from the pas-
sage of this act. And when completed any
other railroad company or companies shall be
permitted, under the direction of the Secretary
of War, to pass their trains of cars over said
last-named bridge and track and approaches
thereto, upon paying to the parties then in
interest their proportionate share of the cost
thereof, and of keeping the same in repair:
And provided further, That nothing'contained
ip this act shall be so construed as to interfere
with any right or claim of the United States to
control so much of the original line or bridge
as is located east of the main channel of the
Mississippi river.
Sec. 4. That the Davenport and Saint Paul
Railroad Company shall have the right to use
the approaches to said bridge, and in case the
parties hereto cannot agree upon the terms for
using said approaches to said bridge, then, and
in that case, the same shall be fixed by the
Secretary of War, upon such terms and in such
manner as he may deem just and proper.
Approved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCLXXXIX.—An Act directing the
Conveyance of certain Lots of Ground,
with the Improvements ther%pn, for the
use of the Public Schools of the City of
Washington.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following de-
scribed lands in the city of Washington, to wit:
a parcel of land marked and designated upon
the map of the city of Washington as part of
lot numbered eleven, in square numbered one
hundred and forty-one, beginning at the north-
west corner of said lot, and running thence
due south on the west line of said square, fifty
feet; thence due east, thirty feet; thence due
north, fifty feet; thence due west on the north
line of said square, to the point of beginning.
Also a certain piece of land, marked and des-
ignated upon the map of the city of Washing-
ton as a public reservation, located between
Eighth and Ninth streets and K street and
Virginia avenue southeast, known as the Ana-
costia engine-house ; and the buildings and im-
provements on said lot are hereby set apart and
appropriated for the use of the public schools
in said city of Washington, so long as they shall
be occupied for that purpose, and no longer.
Approved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCXC.—An Act amending an Act
entitled "An Act directing the Convey-
ance of a Lot of Ground for the use of
the Public Schools of the City of Wash-
ington.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Governor of the
District of Columbia be, and he is hereby,
authorized to sell and convey part of lot num-
bered fourteen, in square numbered two hun-
dred and fifty-three, being particularly de-
scribed as follows, to wit: beginning at north-
west corner of said lot, and thence running
south thirty-six feet nine inches, thence east
fifty-five feet four inches to east line of said
lot, thence north thirty-six feet nine inches,
thence west to place of beginning; the pro-
ceeds of said sale to be invested by the author-
ities aforesaid in another lot or part of lot in
the city of Washington, and in improvements
thereon, the said property so purchased to be
used for the purpose of the public schools and
for no other purpose; and the conveyance of
the authorities aforesaid of the property here-
iubefore described shall vest in the purchaser
thereof an absolute and perfect title: Pro-
vided, That said sale shall be made at public
auction, in the day-time, to the highest bidder,
upon notice of the time, place, and terms of
sale, published in the National Republican and
Daily Patriot, newspapers published in the
city of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, once in each day successively of their
respective issues for thirty days immediately
preceding such-sale. And the Governor may,
if in his opinion the said lot will bring a higher
price, give time for payment of a part of the
purchase-money, taking the usual security
upon said lot, which he is authorized hereby
to take and discharge when full payment shall
be made.
Approved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCXCI.—An Act authorizing the Con-
struction of a Bridge across the Missouri
river opposite to or within the Corporate
Limits of Nebraska City, Nebraska.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be lawful
for the Nebraska City Bridge Company, a cor-
poration having authority from the State of
Nebraska and from the State of Iowa, to build
a railroad, transit, and wagon bridge across
the Missouri river, opposite to or in the imme-
diate vicinity of Nebraska City, in the county
of Otoe, and State of Nebraska; and that
when constructed, all trains of all railroads
terminating at the Missouri river at or near
the location of said bridge shall be allowed to
cross said bridge, for a reasonable compensa-
tion, to be paid to the owners thereof; and
that all other property, goods, passengers,
teams, and other modes of transit shall be
allowed to cross said bridge; and that said
bridge shall not interfere with the free naviga-
tion of said river beyond what is necessary in
order to carry into effect the rights and priv-
ileges hereby granted; and in case of any
litigation arising from any obstruction, or
alleged obstruction, to the free navigation of
said river, the cause may be tried before the
district or circuit court of the United States
of any State in or opposite to which any por-
tion of said obstruction or bridge may be.
Sec. 2. That the corporators named in the
above incorporation shall hold the said charter
here granted in trust for the sole and exclusive
use and benefit of any person or persons, com-
pany or companies, corporation or corpora-
tions, who shall build, erect, and complete such
bridge herein provided in accordance with the
provisions of this act; and said original incor-
porators shall transfer and assign, without any
remunerative compensation, all their rights to
any party or parties, company or companies,
corporation or corporations, who shall erect
said bridge ; and if said corporators, or any of
them, shall refuse or fail to make such trans-
fer, upon the payment of the reasonable ex-
penses thereof, they may be compelled to do
so by any court having jurisdiction : Provided,
That the said Nebraska City Bridge Company,
and their associates, shall fail to commence in
good faifh the erection of said bridge within
one year from the passage of this act, and com-
plete the said bridge without unnecessary
and unreasonable delay in accordance with the
provisions of this charter.
Sec. 3. That any bridge built under the pro-
visions of this act may, at the option of per-
son or persons, or corporation building the
same, be built as a draw-bridge, with a pivot
draw, or with unbroken or continuous spans :
Provided, That if the same shall be made of
unbroken continuous spans, it shall not be of
less elevation, in any case, than fifty feet above
extreme high-water mark, as understood at
the point of location, to the bottom chord of
the bridge, nor shall the spans of said bridge
be less than two hundred and fifty feet in
length ; and the piers of said bridge shall be
parallel with the current of the river, and the
main span shall be over the main channel of
the river, and not less than three hundred feet
