1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
Doubtless the object of the bill is to make
tbe distribution as nearly equal as may be
among llie States according to their popula-
tion, and the last preceding census furnishes
an apparent means of securing an appropriate
basis. While it is true that at the time the
census was taken and for a short period there-
after it would be approximately just, yet a
moment's reflection will show that in the latter
years of the decade the inequality would be
great, To remedy in part this objection I
have proposed an amendment to the fourth
section by adding this proviso:
Provided, That where any State, under the laws
thereof, takes a regular census of its population at a
period intermediate the regular periods for taking
the United States census, the apportionment to such
State after sueh census is taken shall be in propor-
tion to its population, so ascertained, until 6ti« next
^tK'ceedius census under the laws of the United
States.
The West grows faster than the East. The
older States are constantly sending their pop-
ulation to the new, and while the new gain in
population much more than the average ratio
the older States fall below it. The result
under the bill as it stands, therefore, would be
that while 111 the early years of the decade the
apportionment would be about equal, the in-
equality would be great and marked in the lat-
ter years of the decade, and would constantly
increase from the beginning to the end of the
decade. The ratio of inequality will readily
appear by reference to the census, and the
future may be expected to follow the past in
this respect.
The population of the United States, ex-
eluding Territories and Indians not taxed,
was, in 1860,51,183,744, and in 1870, 38,113,-
253, showing an increase of 0,929,509, and an
aggregate gain of 22per cent. In ten
years the increase and gain of population in
several States was as follows: Illinois, from
1,711,951 to 2,539,891—a gain of 48.36 per
cent.; Missouri, from 1,182.012 to 1,721,295—
a gain of 45.G2 per cent.; Iowa, from G74.913
to 1,191,792—a gain of 76.58 per cent.; Wis-
consin, from 775,881 to 1,054,670—a gain of
35.93 per cent.; Minnesota, from 172.073 to
439.70G—a gain of 155.01 per cent.; Kansas,
from 107.206 to 364,399—a gain of 239.90 per
cent.; New York, from 3,880,735 to 4,382,-
759—a gain of 12.94 per cent.; Massachusetts,
from 1.231.066 to 1,457,351—a gain of 18.38
percent.: Ohio, from 2,339.511 to 2,665,260—
a gain of 13.92 per cent. These States clearly
and fairly illustrate the disparity that will re-
sult under the bill, and the States referred to
are not the extreme ones; for in several there
was in the last decade no gain at all. In these
western States, and there are other such, the
gains of the last decade run from 3.5 to 239
per cent., while the average gain of the pop-
ulation of the country was but a trifle over
22 per cent.
Thus, of two States starting out in the decade
equally, one before the close of the decade
may be receiving per capita anywhere from
an equality to two or three hundred fier cent,
more than the other. This inequality ought
to be avoided, and the amendment I have
offered partially remedies the evil, but nothing
can tally remedy it but an annual enumeration,
which could not'be contemplated. Very many
States have provisions by State laws for a State
census in the middle of the Federal census
decade, and the effect of the amendment pro-
posed is to wake such regular intermediate
State census the basis of apportionment to
such State unit! tiie next Federal census. Such
a l:iw exists in the State I represent and in
many o her States, and as such census of the
States is usually tdken with a view to appor-
tionment for members of the Legislatures of
the Stales, they are taken with quite as much
accuracy as to the enumeration of the popula-
tion as the Federal census.
I can perceive no valid objection to this
amendment, and 1 hope it may meet the ap-
proval of the House, Unless approximate
equality can be obtained, the measure ought
not to prevail, but a division upon the basis of
population ascertained every five years would
be so nearly equal that it would commend
itself as practical justice. The inequalities
of the States already referred to may not be
so great for the next decade as they have been
for the last, but new States and Territories are
constantly looming up in the constellation of
States, and their rapid growth in the future
will be the parallel of the growth of others in
the past. And it is these new communities
constantly receiving the surplus population of
the old that more than the old will be appre-
ciably and vividly benefited by this policy.
Mr. RAINEY next addressed the House
in remarks which will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
Accordingly (at four o'clock and ten min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of ITelicie
L. Caillaux, widow of Andre Caillaux; late
captain company E, first regiment Louisiana
Native Guards, praying that a pension inay be
granted her from the date of her husband's
death, May 27, 1803.
By Mr. DOELL: The petition of Joseph
Brown and 71 others, citizens of the State of
Pennsylvania, and late soldiers of the United
Slates, praying an equalization of bounties,
by which they shall receive $8 3-3J per month
for the entire time served by them deducting
all Government bounties heretofore paid; and
also an amendment of the homestead law.
By Mr. KILLINGER: The remonstrance
of P. L. Weimer & Brothers and 107 others,
workers in iron, &c., in Lebanon, Pennsyl-
vania, against the change in the tariff laws,
abating duties on articles successfully pro-
duced in this country, urged by the Free-Trade
League, and praying the repeal of all duties
on tea, coffee, and such other articles as can-
not be produced in the United States; and
also such an adjustment of duties as will en-
courage and defend every home industry and
foster the honor and interest of the American
laborer.
By Mr. RITCHIE : The memorial of 130_cit-
izens of Alleghany county, Maryland, against
the repeal of the duty on coal, iron, and salt.
By Mr. WALDRON: The petition of 430
cigar-makers of Detroit, asking an increase of
duty on imported cigars to three dollars per
pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 5, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
mas, D. D. - _
The Journal of the proceedings of Thurs-
day last was read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 891) to further regu-
late the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court, and to prevent delays therein, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 187) to amend an act
entitled "An act to prevent smuggling, and
for other purposes," approved July 18, 1866,
was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have the impression
that that bill merely relates to judicial fees in
smuggling cases, and if that is so, it should be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT, It will be so
referred.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a report of an engineer survey to
determine the practicability of reopening the
navigation of the Cabaret slough, in the Mis-
sissippi river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
. SENATOR FROM NORTH CAROLINA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a certificate from the Governor of the
State of North Carolina, relative to the elec-
tion of a United, States Senator by the Legis-
lature of that Stat^, which will be reported by
the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The State of North Cabolixa.
To the honorable the President of the Senate of the
United States, greeting :
Whereas it hath been certified to me by the presi-
dent of the senate and speaker of the house of rep-
resentatives of this State that a vacancy exists in
the representation of said State in the Senate of the
United States, by reason of the resignation of Hon.
Zcbulon B. Vance, and that Matthew W. Kansomf
esq., was, on Tuesday, the 30th day of January, A.
D. 1872, elected to fill said vacancy and serve out
the unexpired term and represent the State of
North Carolina in the Senate of the United States :
I do therefore, in accordance with said certificate,
and in compliance with the act of Congress entitled
"An act to regulate the time and manner of holding
elections forSenators in Congress," approved July
25,1866, certify to the election of the said Matthew
\Y. Ransom, esq., had and held as aforesaid.
In witness whereof, his Excellency Frederick E.
Caldwell, our Governor and commander-in-chief,
hath signed with his hand these presents, andcaused
our great seal to affixed thereto.
Done at the city "of Raleigh, on this the 1st day of
r 1 FeMuary, in the yearof our Lordl872, and
ll. h.j jn the ninety-sixth year of our independ-
ence.
FREDERICK R. CALDWELL.
By the Governor:
XI. J. MENNINGER,
Secretary of State.
Mr, MORTON. I move that the credentials
be referred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. VICKERS. I rise to a personal explan-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the
morning business commences, the Senator
from Maryland desires to make a personal
explanation. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, on Thurs-
day last, near five o'clock, at tbe end of an
executive session, and in the absence of moro
than thirty Senators, a motion was unexpect-
edly made by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] that when the Senate should ad-
journ it should be till the next Monday. I
protested against the adjournment, on the
ground that the Senator from Kentucky, not
then in his seat, [Mr. Davis,] had announced
to the Senate several days previous that he
proposed to address the Senate on Friday on
his resolutions relative to alleged executive
delinquencies, and that in courtesy to him we
should not adjourn. The motion to adjourn,
however, was persisted in, and the yeas and
nays were called. I declined to vote, and went
for a few minutes into the library. I was not
apprised whether a quorum was in the Cham-
ber; I kept no count, and the result was not
announced. On returning to the Chamber,
and within a few feet of the door, I was ap-
prised by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Blair] that the Senate had just adjourned.
I find in the Globe of Friday that in my
absence the Senator from Vermont said, how
far I can justify that species of conduct to my
constituents of course it was not for him to
saw It was a right no doubt tbe law gave
me, &c., and that lie stated the fact to show the
manner in which some Senators think lit to
conduct the business of the Senate. It is
known to the Senate that, the amnesty bill, so
called, had been under discussion for several
days, that its friends desired to have the vote
