1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1709
duties on sugar, tea, and coffee are the most
stable and unchangeable sources of revenue.
The quantities consumed vary less than of any
other chief articles imported. They are bulky,
and cannot be easily smuggled. The duty is
specific, and is rarely evaded by fraud. Still
they are regarded as necessaries of life. The
repeal of the duty will lessen the cost to the
precise extent of the duty. Dealers do not
at first lower the price, but competition soon
reduces it; so that the repeal of either of these
duties will, in some degree, cheapen the daily
meals of nearly every family. The House of
Representatives has shown its desire to make
tea and coffee free by twice passing bills for
that purpose; but it is manifest that if this is
done we must postpone for the present all
other reductions of duty. We are compelled
to consider whether other duties ought not to
be modified before this purely revenue duty is
entirely repealed.
I now come briefly to consider the measure
proposed by the Committee on Finance. In-
stead of repealing entirely the duties on coal,
salt, tea, and coffee, we propose a large reduc-
tion on them. We reduce the duties on lum-
ber, rice, lead, and other articles, the rawer
products of industry, on which the present
duties are excessive. We largely add to the
free list, and propose a reduction of ten per
cent, of the duties on most textile and metallic
fabrics. The reduction proposed is $22,507,-
353 26, but we may fairly anticipate the les-
sening of expenses and such increase of import-
ation as will reduce the loss of revenue to
$21,000,000.
This is not the time for stating in detail the
reasons for the great reduction on certain spe-
cific articles. As the debate progresses each
article will be separately considered, and if
we err as to details, the Senate will correct us.
I have now only to consider the general prin-
ciples involved. We are met by opposing
theories of political economy, by theories of
protection, and theories of free trade.^ The
object of protection is to secure to home indus-
try the benefit of the markets of our own coun-
try. The means proposed are high duties on
foreign fabrics which compete with our'own,
and low duties or none at all on articles used
in manufacturing. The object of free trade is
to secure an article at the lowest price without
regard to the place of production.
A revenue tariff is inconsistent with the
extreme theories of both the free-trade and
protection schools, for if a foreign article is
excluded by rates of duty so high as to give
the home producer the entire market, the
revenue is destroyed as absolutely as if no
duty at all was imposed. This obvious truth
reduces a revenue tariff to a matter of detail,
and in determining the rate of duty on any
article, due weight must be given to the na-
ture of the article, whether it can or cannot
be produced in this country, and whether the
duty should be higher or lower than the aver-
age rate requisite to produce the revenue
needed. This principle is admirably stated
in the report of Kobert J. Walker, made in
1846. While I do not agree with all the de-
tails of that report, it contains some excellent
general principles.
In the innumerable discussions on this sub-
ject by different commercial nations it became
obvious that theories and maxims adopted by
one nation in fixing the rates of duty were
totally inapplicable to another nation by reason
of the difference of climate, soil, production,
labor, and age. This is especially true of
Great Britain and the United States. In all
the essential elements which determine a tariff
policy we are the exact antipodes of Great
Britain. Their chief occupation^ is manufac-
tures ; ours agriculture. Their chief commerce
is foreign ; ours is domestic. They produce
but little raw material: we produce more than
any other nation. Their extent is small; ours
is vast. They are very rich; we are not. In
Great Britain capital yields the smallest in-
terest ; here it yields the highest. There labor
is low in price and abundant; here it is very
high. The industry of Great Britain could
not survive without foreign raw materials.
Here we have undeveloped every raw material
for all products essential to the happiness and
comfort of man.
Again, this subject of the tariff has been so
often discussed and acted upon in Congress
that we may say that certain principles are set-
tled in the United States by the common con-
sent of our people. It is settled that our na-
tional revenue must in the future, as in the
past, be mainly collected by duties on imported
goods; aad as the war has enormously in-
creased our wants, we may as well dismiss to
future generations the extreme ideas of free
trade and protection, which are alike incon-
sistent with a revenue tariff. It is fairly set-
tled that, in levying duties, at least the aver-
age rate of duties will be put upon articles
of foreign manufacture that come into com-
petition with home industry, and that these
duties will be so graded and classified as to
give full incidental protection to industries nat-
ural to our country, and for which we have the
raw material. It is settled that, as the differ-
ence between the price of labor in this coun-
try and in Europe is the chief cause of the dif-
ference in the cost of production here and
there, it is not good policy, by permitting
too close a competition between foreign and
domestic production, to reduce the wages of
American labor engaged in producing any
article essential to our wants below the stand-
ard of other similar labor in this country.
It is agreed that, to secure certainty and to
avoid undervaluation, all duties as far as
practicable should be specific iustead of ad
valorem. These principles are the basis of the
American system of protection embodied in
the act of March, 1861. The rates of duty
have been much increased by the new demands
for revenue caused by the war, and may now
be reduced as these demands diminish, but
these protective principles will, I trust, be
maintained as the essential foundations of our
national prosperity.
On the other hand it is equally settled that
there are a multitude of articles in which the
trade should be as free as our domestic trade.
All raw productions of nature, which are the
gift of Providence, ought to be free as the hand
"that gave them, but if they can only be made
available by labor, and yet are abundant in our
country, the rate of duty should not be Higher
than the bare difference in the wages of such
labor here and in the place of exportation.
There are a great multitude of articles, the
product of tropical climes, or which for other
causes are not readily producible here, that
ought to be admitted free or at such moderate
revenue rates of duty as our wants demand.
Where the amount imported is small, the arti-
cle should be free, for a multitude of duties
create expense. When the quantity is large,
as tea, coffee, and sugar, the only question
should be whether the tax proposed is less
burdensome than other taxes imposed. As
this class of articles enter largely into the
consumption of all, it has been the general
policy of the country to admit them free or at
low duties. We taxed them heavily during
the war for purely revenue purposes. We
reduced these taxes two years ago, and now
propose to reduce further the taxes on tea and
coffee, but we are not yet prepared for their
entire repeal.
I come now to consider the duties imposed
on textile and metallic fabrics. These con-
stitute the great bulk of foreign fabrics that
come into competition with the domestic fab-
rics. It is said the present duties are not
too high ; that under them our industries are
prosperous, labor is well paid, and that if the
duties are undisturbed domestic competition
will reduce prices as rapidly as increased for-
eign competition can do so; that any change
disturbs the business of the country by deter-
ring new enterprises, and reduces the wages
of labor. On the other hand, it _ must be
remembered that the present duties taken
together are far in excess of what they ever
were before the war, that they have been three
times largely increased since the passage of
the Morrill tariff act of 1861.
After a careful examination in detail of all
the duties and the industries affected by them,
it does not appear that the reduction proposed
will seriously affect them. During the war
these duties were increased to counterbalance
the internal taxes levied upon domestic indus-
try. The last shred of those internal taxes
will now be repealed, and no article of domes-
tic industry will be taxed but whisky, tobacco,
and beer. Our manufacturers have now to
compete with their foreign rivals, with no
disadvantage but higher-priced labor, and
this is met by a duty of from thirty-five to one
hundred per cent., or an average duty on the
whole list of fifty per cent, 'l'his very bill
repeals or reduces duties on raw materials for
domestic fabrics fully equal to the reduction
of ten per cent, on the finished product. This
is admitted to be so as to many industries.
The general lifting off of the burdens of inter-
nal taxation and the repeal of taxes on raw
materials will enable our home industry to
enter into a fairer competition. Shall, then,
the protective duties be maintained without
diminution when all internal taxes are re-
pealed, when raw materials are admitted free
or at reduced duties, when our currency is
appreciated near to the gold standard, and
when the present duties are not needed for
the support of the Government? Will the
producers in other forms of industry consent
to the maintenance of excessive rates of duty
on mechanical fabrics?
The result of such duties is to secure to
mechanical industry higher wages than can be
earned in other kindred employments. Such
excessive protection ceases to diversify pro-
duction, but forces labor into protected em-
ployments. If the present rates of duty were
high enough during and since the war, when
home industry was burdened with heavy inter-
nal taxes—with stamp taxes, income taxes,
and high duties on raw materials—then surely
they are now too high when all these taxes are
removed.
In a controversy like this between opposing
theories the highest wisdom often lies between
them. While protecting home industry we
ought not, in any case, levy so high a duty as
to exclude the foreign fabric, but levy such a
duty as will secure fair but not excessive
wages, and such a competition between the
foreign and domestic fabric as will secure to
the consumer the lowest prices consistent with
the maintenance in our country of all the
industries for which we have equal natural
facilities. We must not compel our laborers
to compete with the poorly-paid labor of
Europe, but we ought not, by our protection
laws, secure them higher wages than can be
earned in kindred employments.
Another series of causes is now slowly but
surely operating in favor of American labor.
The laboring men of Europe, by trade associa-
tions—by laws prohibiting the employment of
minors and women, and limiting the number
of apprentices—are raising the general rate of
wages among all Christian nations. This is
especially so in Great Britain. It is adding to
the cost of foreign production, and operates as
a protection to our domestic labor.
For these reasons, and many others that will
be stated in the course of the debate, the Com-
mittee on Finance was of the opinion that now
when so many taxes are repealed there ought
to be a general reduction of the duties on tex 
tile and metallic fabrics, and that this reduction
should be at the rate of ten per cent , which is
about the rate of the aggregate reduction of
tariff duties. We expect to encounter the
opposition of those who favor the mainte-
nance of the highest duties on foreign compet-
