1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
original act. I ask him if he desires to have
those words in.
Mr. STEWART. They had better be in. It
does not make any difference whether they are
in or not.
Mr. SOOTT. Very well; let the amend-
ment be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to suggest the
striking out of two or three words in the third
section, as it is satisfactory to my friend from
Pennsylvania and also to the gentlemen inter-
ested in this bill, to save all possible miscon-
struction. In the fourth and fifth lines of the
third section I move to strike out the words
"and shall confer all the rights and property
of said company as therein expressed." I
had proposed myself to leave that clause and
make it subject to the limitations of the law
about these grants; but it has been suggested
that all we desire is to have it carry its usual
effect, and therefore there is no need to have
those words in. I move to strike them out,
and I believe with the assent of the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOTT. They are mere surplusage,
and if the Senator wishes them out I have no
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, those words will be stricken out,
and they are stricken out.
Mr. THURMAN. At the proper time I
wish to move an amendment to that section
or an additional section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
in order after we get through with the amend-
ments of the committee.
The next amendment of the committee was
on page 4, section five, line sixteen, afierthe
word "act," to insert the following proviso:
Provided, however, That the said company shall
commence the construction of said road from San
Diego eastward within one year from the passage of
this act, and construct, after the second year, not
less than twenty-five milesper annum in continuous
line thereafter between San Diego and the Colorado
river until the junction is formed with the line
from the East at the latter point, or east thereof.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to know if
that expresses the meaning of the committee.
As it reads now, it provides that the company
shall commence the construction of the road
within one year from the passage of this act,
and construct after the second year twenty-
five miles; that is, it is to commence within
one year, may do nothing the second, and then
in the year after that it may construct twenty-
five miles.
Mr. SCOTT. That relates only to the west-
ern terminus.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that the purpose?
Mr. SCOTT. That is the purpose. A pre-
vious portion of the bill authorizes them to
commence at the eastern terminus alone and
construct one hundred miles a year, instead
of fifty miles only. They are bound now to
commence at the eastern terminus and con-
struct one hundred miles each year, and they
are also bound to commence at the western
terminus within one year, and after the second
year to build twenty-five miles each year from
that side, thu3 taking upon themselves more
than they were at first required to complete—
twenty-five miles a year more after the second
year.
Mr THURMAN. Then it does not require
them to build any until the third year trom
San Diego eastward.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator, I thmk, misap-
prehends the effect of the amendment. It is
that thev shall at San Diego commence the
construction of the road within one year from
' the passage of this act, and after the second
year construct not less than twenty-five miles
each year from that side. _
Mr THURMAN. That is precisely the
point. What is the use of requiring them
fo commence the first year, if they are not
required to do anything the second year.
Mr. SCOTT. They are required m the
second year to complete not less than twenty-
five miles.
Mr. THURMAN. Not by this provision.
Is that by the original charter ?
Mr. SCOTT. By the original charter they
were required to commence at each end within
two years, I believe it was—I do not now
exactly remember the time—and complete
fifty miles each way. That would be one hun-
dred miles a year. Now the change proposed
is that they shall commence at the eastern term-
inus and construct one hundred miles each
year from that terminus, and also twenty-five
miles from the other after the second year.
Mr. THURMAN. Making twenty-five more
than the charter called for.
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the agree-
ment of the company with the United States
in the charter of last year was distinctly set
forth in section seventeen of that charter. It
was that the company would commence to
build simultaneously at each end, the western
end at San Diego in California, and the east-
ern end at or near Marshall in Texas, and
build at least fifty consecutive miles of rail-
road from each of those points, and have that
much in complete and running order within
two years after the passage of the act. It is
quite true, as the Senator from Pennsylvania
says, that so far as the eastern terminus of
the road is.concerned the company assumes
in this bill a larger obligation than it did in
the former bill. Representing, as one of her
Senators, the State of California, however, I
am interested if possible to obtain rather better
terms from the company than this bill pro-
poses to give to the people of California at
that end. The amendment of the committee,
so far as the California end of the road is con-
cerned, is in these words:
That the said company shall commence the con-
struction of said road from San Diego eastward within
one year from the passage of this act, and construct,
after the second year, not less than twen ty-five miles
per annum in continuous line thereafter between
San Diego and the Colorado river.
The result of that is, that the company has
three years within which to build the first
twenty-five miles of the road from San Diego
coming this way. That, as the Senate will
perceive, is a very great departure from the
original charter. The original charter obliged
the company to build fifty miles out of San
Diego coming East within two years from the
passage of the act. This bill gives the com-
pany three years within which to build half
that amount.
I ought to say„ lest I may be misunder-
stood, that for a Variety of reasons which I
haveundertakento express more or less imper-
fectly heretofore, but certainly on a sufficient
number of occasions to possess the Senate
with my views, I am heartily in favor of this
road. There are many things connected with
it and connected with the* extent of country
which it is to traverse on its way from New
York to San Diego, and I hope in time, and
no great time either, to the true objective
point of all these roads, San Francisco,
which lead me to the belief that, it is in
many respects, perhaps in all essential re-
spects, the most important Pacific road yet
built or proposed. I have every reason for
desiring that it should be as speedily built
within my own State as possible. At the
same time I think something is due to the
interests of California, something is due to
the people in and about San Diego, who
relied on the faith of your legislation and
the promise impliedly given, none the less
strongly because it was impliedly, by the
Texas Pacific company to the United States,
that fifty miles should be built within the
first two years; and a change so serious as
is now proposed should not be made.
I am not disposed in any way to reflect upon
the promoters of this great enterprise in their
desire to make this change. I am aware of
the grounds upon which the change is put. I
understand all that can be said in favor of the
difficulty of commencing at that end, and the
necessity that must ensue, should the act of
last year be followed in its terms, of investing
a large sum of money for a considerable period
of time without a prospect of a return.
Mr. STEWART. The great difficulty is
that if that requirement is insisted upon, cap-
ital will not go into the enterprise, and we
shall not get the road.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator will sat-
isfy me that the road will not be built without
his amendment, he will succeed in reducing
me to silence very promptly, I think ; but 1
do not so understand it,'and 1 have taken
some trouble to inquire into it.
Mr. STEWART. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator for interrupting him. I do not think he
and I disagree about that matter at all; but I
say under the terms of the act of last year it
was impossible to make the road.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was about to say, and
should have said in a moment more but for the
Senator's observation, that I do not propose
to insist upon the law of last year in its full
terms, by any means. I propose, however, to
offer an amendment, which I will now state.
I move to strike out the words "after the sec-
ond year," in line nineteen of section five,
and to insert the words "within two years,
twenty miles, and thereafter." The amend-
ment of the committee will then read: •
Provided, however, That the said company shall
commence the construction of said road from San
Diego eastward within one year from the passage
of this aet, and construct within two years—
That is, from the passage of this aet—
twenty miles, and thereafter not less than twenty-
five miles per annum in continuous line between
San Diego and the Colorado river.
The Senate will observe how moderate that
amendment is. The original charter obliged
the company to make fifty miles the first two
years. My amendment proposes to let them
off with twenty miles for the first two years after
the passage of the act. I think from what I
know of the great number of people who have
gone into San Diego and the surrounding
country and invested their money there and
made their arrangements for building, for the
permanent settlement of themselves and their
families, it would be a very great hardship
indeed if the company should now be released
from the obligations of the act of last year and
be allowed to take three years within which to
build one half of the amount of road which the
original act required them to build in two. I
think twenty miles in two years is a very rea-
sonable compromise, and indeed I should say
quite advantageous to the company as com-
pared with fifty miles in the same period de-
manded by the original act. I hope it will
meet the approbation of the Senator from
Pennsylvania who has charge of this bill.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I am in favor
of the amendment proposed by my colleague,
for the reason that I am rather of the opinion
that it can be carried out within the time speci-
fied. I am willing to concede that the con-
struction of fifty miles at that end in the time
specified in the original bill was next to impos-
sible, because within the first twenty-five miles
from San Diego there will be the necessity of con-
structing a tunnel of considerable length, which,
of course, will require a considerable expend-
iture of money, and a considerable amount of
time. But with the improvements in engineer-
ing in making tunnels in modern times, I
think it is practicable for the company who
have this work in charge to make that tunnel,
and construct the number of miles named,
including the road through the tunnel, within
the time prescribed by my colleague.
The people of the lJac>fic coast, and particu-
larly the people of San Diego, are exceedingly
anxious about the construction of this road.
The interruption of travel on the Union and
Central Pacific during the last winter and in
former years shows the very great necessity
