814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
taken, atid that a suggestion (not adopted) had
been made to continue Thursday's session till
that result was obtained. I thought that the
time selected to make the motion to adjourn
till Monday—in a thin Senate, and after many
of the members had left the Capitol, not anti-
cipating any such action—was inopportune
and erroneous, no reason being assigned for
it by the member making it. I also thought
that an hoar should be allowed the next day
to the Senator from Kentucky to make his
speech, a courtesy always extended to a Sen-
ator irrespective of his subject. I also thought
that the important business of the country
required that the Senate should continue in
session, and not lose two days by an unneces-
sary adjournment over. I, of course, meant no
disrespect to the Senate by absenting myself
for a few minutes; but my desire was that if the
Senate was left without a quorum it would
necessarily adjourn over till the next day,_ and
thus continue to transact the public business
of the country, and especially to act upon the
bill to remove political disabilities from the
southern people. I regret that the effect was
not such. My constituents (as the Senator
from Vermont calls my people) will see that
my course was to promote legislation and
attention to the public interest, as well as to
preserve the consistency and dignity of the
Senate, in allowing the able and eloquent
Senator from Kentucky the customary privi-
lege of addressing the Senate on a matter of
public moment.
I have, 1 am sure, often observed that the
Senator from Vermont was absent from his
seat, and also to leave the Senate Chamber,
and I am confident that my public record of
votes will compare favorably with his; but I
never questioned or alluded to the motives
of Senators for leaving tlio Chamber when
votes were being taken on important measures,
or of absenting themselves from (heir seats;
it might have been considered discourteous
to have done so, and X have not had either
the I as to or inclination to hold up tho course
of any Senator in rcspect to his votes or his
attendance. There is something due to our
relations here, as well as to the dignity and
character of (lie body, which should prevent
any such exhibition. On no occasion have I
avoided a vote on any public or private measure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, of course
I can have 110 controversy with my honor-
able friend from Maryland, whom 1 respcct
very much, atid I certainly wish to inform him
and the Senate that he and everybody else is
entirely at libei ty to hold up to public observa-
tion all of my votes ill and all of my absences
from I his Chamber. 1 think it a pity, rather,
that everybody's absence from this Chamber
is not. held up to public observation, because
then, perhaps, more of us would attend. If.
my honorable friend from Maryland can show
the public of this couutry any instance in which
1 have sat in my seat here until the yeas and
nays were called and then declined to answer,
when it was generally known that my name
alone would either tail to make, if I did not
answer, or make if 1 did, a quorum of the body
upon a proper motion made publicly, then 1
am bound to say that 1 shall justify him in
asking the people of this country to condemn
my eourso as being not only unfaithful to my
constituents and unfaithful to the Senate, but
in violation of an express rule of the Senate,
being the sixteenth, which declares :
" When tho yeas, and nays shall bo called for by
one filth ot the Senators present, each Senator called
upun shall, unless (or special reasons ho bo excused
by the bynate, declare openly and without debate,
his assent or dissent to the question."
My honorable friend says that this motion
to adjourn over, which he thus took the occa-
sion to attempt to defeat, was made without
any reason for it. being assigned. If my hon-
orable friend had looked into the Globe he
would have seen, I do not doubt, because I
said it—I have not looked into the Globe
myself1—that I stated expressly as the ground
of my motion for adjourning over the pro-
motion of the public business, stating the fact
that the Committee on Appropriations among
others was engaged upon an important bill,
the legislative and judicial appropriation bill,
which necessarily required the time and care-
ful attention of the members of that commit-
tee, as I knew, being one of them, and that it
would advance the public business if that com-
mittee could have the whole of Friday and pos-
sibly of Saturday to attend to that bill during
the day. That was the ground and reason of
my motion, which I then stated. 1 have no
doubt my honorable friend from Maryland did
not hear it or he would have done me the jus-
tice to state it, instead of saying that I made
an unusual, an unexpected motion to adjourn
over without assigning any reason for it.
It is not my purpose, Mr. President, to have
a controversy with a gentlemau whom 1 respect
so much as my friend from Maryland; but he
will do me the justice to believe that on an
exhibition such as we had on that precise occa-
sion his conduct was so marked that it seemed
unjust to the rest of us who were staying here
to attend to public business,that his breaking
up a quorum, as he did for the moment, should
not have received some noticc at the hands of
his fellow-Senators, who may be excused if
they believe that they are equally solicitous
for the public good with himself.
Mr. VICKEltS. I heard no reason assigned
by the Senator from Vermont for his motion
to adjourn over, and the Globe does not show
that he gave any. lie assigned no reason in
my hearing for'anadjounimentover ; and if he
had done so within the heaiing of the reporter,
I take it for granted that it would have been
inserted in the Globe. But, sir, it was a
simple motion to adjourn to Monday, made
aftermost of the Senators had left the Senate
Chamber, not anticipating any such motion.
It was near five o'clock. The Senate were
weary with an executive session. I thought
tho motion was inopportune, and my object was
just as I have slated to the Senate, to promote
the public business, to prevent the loss of two
whole days; for when I assigned the reason
that the Senator from Kentucky should have
the courtesy extended to him of making the
address which lie had announced to the Senate
he desired to make on Friday, 1 heard no rea-
son assigned, even afterward, by thp Senator
from Vermontfor the motion which he made,
but lie persisted in taking the yeas and nays
upon tho motion to adjourn over, notwith-
standing I had made the suggestion that it was
due to the honorable Senator from Kentucky
that he should have an opportunity of address-
ing the Senate on Friday.
PETITIONS AND JIEMOMALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of New Mexico, in favor of an appro-
priation for tho benelil of schools in that Ter-
ritory; which was referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
memorial of John Stevenson, of Bridgeport,
Connecticut, remonstrating against any amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
establishing a religious test; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FISRRY, of Michigan, presented the
petition of T. A. Ferguson aud others, citizens
of the State of Michigan, late soldiers of the
Army of the United Slates, praying the enact-
ment of a law giving to all soldiers, sailors,
and marines who enlisted in the service of the
United States for the suppression of the late
lebellion, and who have an honorable dis-
charge, and to the heirs of those that are
deceased, a bounty of $8 33$ per month for
the entire time served, deducting therefrom
all Government bounty heretofore received by
them; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the proceed-
ings and memorial of the Galveston Chamber
of Commerce, asking for the return of the
money collected as a tax on cotton; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
H. A. Griffin, publisher of the Wyandotte
Enterprise, of Wyandotte, Wayne county,
Michigan, praying for such an amendment to
the postal laws as will allow persons known as
regular publishers and dealers in newspapers
and periodicals to receive by mail such quanti-
ties of either as they may require, in bulk,
whether wholly or in part printed, and pay the
postage thereon as received, at the same rates
pro rata as regular subscribers to publications
weighing four ounces, who pay quarterly in
advance: which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Albert V.
Phister, publisher of the Advertiser, a weekly
newspaper published in the village of Hub-
bardstown, Ionia county, Michigan, praying
an amendment to the postal laws; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Clarksburg, Michigan, remonstrating against
a change'of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Elliott
Elmer and others, late soldiers of the Army
of the United States and citizens of the State
of Michigan, praying the enactment of a law
giving to all soldiers, sailors, aud marines who
enlisted in the service of the United States for
the suppression of the late rebellion, and who
have an honorable discharge, and to the heirs
of those that are deceased, a bounty of $8 33$
per month for the entire time served, deduct-
ing therefrom all Government bounty hereto
fere received by them ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Benjamin
II. Curtis and others, late soldiers of the Army
of the United States and citizens of Michigan,
praying the enactment of a law giving to all
soldiers, sailors, and marines who enlisted in
the service of the United States for the sup-
pression of the late rebellion, and who have
an honorable discharge, and to the heirs of
those who are deceased, a bounty of $8 33$
per month for the entire time served, deduct-
ing therefrom all Government bounty hereto-
fore received by them; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Houghton, Michigan, prayingthe establishment
of another judicial district in the upper penin-
sula of that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER. I also present two
memorials, very numerously signed and nearly
of the same import, from a large number of
lumber manufacturers and dealers in the State
of Michigan. I ask that one of these memo-
rials be read ; and as the bill to which they
relate is on the Calendar, let the memorials
lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan presents two memorials from persons
interested in lumber, and asks, as they bear on
a bill now before the Senate, that one of them
be read. If there be no objection, it will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
To tile Seriate and thr. House of Representatives of the
Uiiited States in Co tigress assembled:
The undersigned, citizens of Michigan, respect-
fully show, that while we have deep sympathy for
Cnicugo, more, perhaps, than we should have had
we not also suffered heavily by the fires last fall, we
strongly remonstrate against the passage of tho bill
granting remission of duties on materials to be used
in rebuilding, imported into Chicago during the next
year, for the following reasons:
Large tracts of pine lands were burned over
last fall and the timber killed, much of it being
burned at the roots, so that the high winds laid it
prostrate, thereby largely increasing the expense of
