4898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On this question I
am paired with the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayakd.] If he were here he would
vote "nay," and I should vote "yea."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am requested to state
that the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
is paired with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Thurman.] Mr. Morton would vote in favor
of the amendment, and Mr. Thurman against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yearf 32, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Chandler. Cole, Conkling, Cor-
"bet.fc, Earnunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan. Fre-
limrhuysen, Harlan, Ilowe, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Monill of Vermont, JSye, Osborn, Pom-
eroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer,
Stewart, West, Wilson, and Windom—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Biair, Casserly, Cooper, Fenton,
Hamilton of Maryland, Norwood, Ransom, Sauis-
bury. Spragne, Stevenson, and Stockton—11.
ABSENT —Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Cragin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut,
Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morton,
Patterson, Rice, Robertson, Sohurz, Sherman, Sum-
ner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and
Wright—31.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WEST. I will detain the' Senate but a
moment. The change that I desire to make
is on page 28, line six hundred and seventy-
seven, where I move toamendthe bill by sub-
stituting the word "eighteen" for "eight,"
making the appropriation for surveying the
public lands in Louisiana $18,000. When
the Senate, in Committee of the Whole, dis-
agreed to the amendment reported by the
committee, neither my colleague nor myself
was here to make the required explanation.
The explanation lies in the fact that the esti-
mate was for $21,000, and by a clerical error
the amount instead of being reduced to $18,-
000, was reduced to $8,000. The chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations of the
House apprised the committee here of the fact
that it was a clerical error.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much public land
is thfre in Louisiana, except the swamp and
oveiflowed lands, that are given to the State?
M r. W EST. Suppose there are only swamp
and overflowed lands, there is quite a large
mount of public lands in Louisiana to be sur-
veyed.
Mr. POMEROY. There are seven million
acres of public hinds there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The trouble about this
amendment—1 do not want to occupy time
against my friend from Louisiana—is that we
have scarcely any land at all in thatState which
has not been surveyed except the swamp and
overflowed lands. They are already granted
to the State, and if she wants them surveyed,
Bhe ought to survey them herself.
Mr. WES 1'. I do not suppose the United
States would accept the survey of the State of
Louisiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I want to make an inquiry, and
if it is proper I want to move an amendment.
The chairman of the committee called my
attention to th? section as to the Montana war
claims.
Mr. COLE. That was ruled out on a point
of order.
Mr. POMEROY. That case never has been
fairly settled. I do not know that it is pos-
sible to consider it now, but there is a law pro-
viding for the auditing and presentation to
Congress of those very claims, and that they
are under that law in order on this bill I have
not the least doubt, but I do not suppose it is
a good time for proposing it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is an argument
which has been gone over pro and con fully
in committee and the Senate, and decided
almost unanimously that the thing was not in
order. I hope it will not be renewed here.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary called the roll.
Mr. ROBERTSON, (after voting in the
affirmative.) For fear I may be in error I
withdraw my vote. I was paired with the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] on the
amendment known as the enforcement amend-
ment, and I withdraw my vote.
Mr. POMEROY. While the Clerk is making
the record I give notice that I shall to-morrow
offer the usual resolution allowing clerks of
standing committees to be paid for this month.
I had the resolution prepared, but have it not
with me to present, but I give this notice so
that it will be in order to present it at the
next meeting of the Senate. It is the usual
resolution.
The result of the vote on the passage of the
bill was announced—yeas 32, nays 10; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham. Caldwell, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett. Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Fre-
linghuysen, Harlan, Howe, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Nye, Osborn, Pom-
eroy, Pool. Pratt, Kamsey, Sawyer, Scott, Spenocr,
Stewart, West, Wilson, anil Windom—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly, Cooper, Fenton,
Hamilton of Maryland, Norwood, Ransom, Sauls-
bury, Stevenson, Stockton—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter. Clayton,Cragin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, Hill, Ilitchcoek, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Mor-
ton, Patterson, ltice, Robertson, Sohurz, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Viokers, and Wright—32.
So the bill was
Mr. COLE. I move that the bill be printed
immediately for the use of the House.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendments, and ask for a conference
committee in advance.
The motion was agreed to; and it was
ordered that the conferees be appointed by the
Chair.
committee clerks.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit the following
resolution, and ask for its present consider-
ation :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay the
clerks of the several standing committees of the
Senate their usual per diem compensation from the
1st to the 30th day of June inclusive.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend by
inserting after "clerks of committees" the
words " and pages." That is usual.
Mr. FENTON. A resolution was introduced
a day or two since—I do not know whether
it embraced the subject-matter of this resolu-
tion—which was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent-Expenses
of the Senate. They will be ready to report
to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator move
to amend this resolution ?
Mr. FENTON. It had better go to the
committee, I think.
Mr. SPENCER. I will withdraw the amend-
ment on the suggestion of the chairman of the
committee.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate.
hour of meeting.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2247.
Mr. BOREMAN. I move that when the
Senate adjourns it be to two o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to amend the
motion made by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia. I amend it by substituting six o'clock
for two. That is plenty of time to come here,
and we want all that' time for rest.
Mr. BOREMAN. Say half past seven. Six
o'clock is a bad hour.
Mr. COLE. The House will be in session.
It had better not be later than six o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. Let the vote be taken on
taking un this bill. ["No."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina moves to proceed
to the consideration of 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us settle the matter
of privilege, of when we adjourn that we
adjourn to sue'n a time.
Mr. SAWYER. I made my motion first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion of the Senator from South Carolina is in
order. Pending that motion it is moved that
when the Senate adjourns it be to meet at six
o'clock to-morrow, (Saturday.)
The motion was agreed to.
district street railroads.
Mr. SAWYER. Now I ask for a vote on
my motion to take up House bill No. 2247,
giving the approval and sanction of Congress
to the termini and route of the Anacostia and
Potomac river railroad, and to regulate its con-
struction and operation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make an ap-
peal to the Senator from Vermont. The com-
mittee of conference has not been appointed,
and we do not want to adjourn until that is
done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not pro-
pose to interfere with any proper business, but
1 will not consent to have this omnibus rail-
road bill made a special order.
Mr. CONKLING. You will consent to have
the conference committee appointed ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. What is before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. Then I want that motion
put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has been directed to appoint a committee of
conference and will appoint it.
Mr. STEWART. 1 object to any action
until the motion to adjourn is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
having been directed to appoint a committee
of copference has a right to appoint it before
putting the motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I wish the motion to be
put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
feels it his duty to carry out the order of the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to make a sugges-
tion, while the Chair is preparing the commit-
tee, to the Senator from Vermont, if I can get
his attention. The bill of the Senator liom
South Carolina was disposed of yesterday with
the understanding that the Committee on the
District of Columbia should report to-day as
it is up to this time, and have an opportunity
to be heard. There is no doubt there was that
understanding. I merely remind the Senator
from Vermont of it, whatever effect it may
have.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The bill
they have reported includes one other railroad
which was not discussed or thought of at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
announces the committee of conference on
the appropriation bill just passed, Mr. Cole,
Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Stevenson.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senate will
not adjourn until it takes up this bill with the
understanding  .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The question being put, the ayes were twenty-
two 
