762
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 4,
42d CoNG.,..?n Sess.
Laws of the United States.
in length: And provided also, That if a
bridge shall be built, under this,apt as a draw-
bridge, tbe same, shall be,constructed as a
pivot draw-bridge, with a draw .over the. m,am
channel of the river at an accessible and i?ayi-
gable point, and with spans of not less than
one hundred and .sixty feet in length in the
clear on each side of the cental or pivot pier
of the draw, and the next adjoining spans to.
the draw shall not be less than two , hundred
and fifty feet; and said spans shall not be less
than thirty feet above low-water mark, and not
less than ten feet above extreme high-water
mark, measuring to the bottom chord of the
bridge, and the piers of said bridge 'Shall be
parallel with, the current of the river: And
provided also, That said draw shall be opened
promptly, upon reasonable signal, for the pas-
sage of boats whose construction shall not be
such as to admit of their passage under the
permanent spans of said bridge, except when
trains are passing over the same, but in no
case shall unnecessary delay occur in opening
the said draw during or after the passage of
trains: And provided further, That the cor-
poration building said bridge may, if not un-
authorized by the provisions of its qharter of
incorporation, enter upon the banks of said
river, either above or below the poiut of the
location of said bridge, for a distance of seven
miles, and erect and maintain breakwaters, or
use such other means as may be Deeessary to
make a channel for said river, and confine the
flow of the water to a permanent channel, and
to do whatever may be necessary to accom-
plish said object, but shall not impede or ob-
struct the navigation of the said river; and all
plans for such works or erections upon the
banks of the river shall first be submitted to
the Secretary of War for his approval.
Sec. 4. That any bridge constructed under
this act, and according to its limitations, shall
be a lawful structure, and shall be known and
recognized as a post route, upon which, also,
no higher charge shall be made for the trans-
mission over the same of the mails, the troops,
and the munitions of war of the United States
than the rate per mile paid for their transport;
ation over the railroads or public highways
loading to the said bridge.
Sec. 5. That all railway companies desiring
to use the said bridge shall have and be entitled
to equal rights and privileges in the passage
of the same, and in the use of the machinery
and fixtures thereof, and of all the approaches
thereto, under and upon such terms and con-
ditions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary
of War, upon hearing the allegations and proofs
of the parties in case they shall not agree.
Sec. 6. That the plan and specifications,
with the necessary drawings of said bridge,
shall be submitted to the Secretary of War,
for his approval, and until he approve the plan
and location of said bridge it shall not be
built or commenced ; and should any change
bo made in the plan of said bridge, during the
progress of the work thereon, such* change
shaii be subject to the approval of the Secre-
tary of War; and all changes in the constrtic-
tion of said bridge that may be directed by
Congress shall be made at the cost aud expense
of the owners thereof.
Sec. 7. That the right to alter or amend this
act, so as to prevent or remove all material
obstructions to the navigation of said river by
the construction of bridges, is hereby expressly
reserved.
Approved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCXCII.—An Actauthorizingthe Con-
struction of a Bridge across the Missouri
. river at, Brownville, Nebraska.
Be itenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be lawful
for, this Brownville, Fort Kearney, and Pacific
Railroad Company, a corporation organized
under.the lawsof the State of Nebraska, hav.
ing authority .for that purpose from .the States
of.JStebrasJja and Missouri, to build a. bridge
across the.Missouri river at, Brownville, Ne-
braska, and to lay on and over said bridge
railway tracks for the mo^ perfect connection
(jfany railroads that ar,e or shall be constructed
to the said river, at or .opposite said point:
and that when constructed, all trains of all
roads terminating at said river, at or opposite
said point, shall be .allowed to cross said.bridge
for a reasonable compensation to the owners
of said bridge, under the limitations aud con-
ditious .hereinafter provided. And in case of
any litigation arising from any obstruction or
alleged obstruction to the free navigation of
said river, the cause may be tried before the
district court of the United States of either
State in or opposite to which any portion of
said obstruction or bridge may be.
Sec. 2. That said Brownville, Fort Kearney,
and Pacific Railroad Company may, at their
option, build said bridge as a draw-bridge, with
a pivot or other Sorin of draw, or with un-
broken and continuous spans: Provided, That
if the said bfidge shall be made with unbroken
and continuous spans it shall not bo of less
elevation in any case than fifty feet above
extreme high-water mark, as understood at the
point of location, to the bottom chord of the
bridge, nor Shall the spans of said bridge be
less than two hundred and fifty feet in length ;
and the piers of said bridge shall be parallel
with the current of said river, and the main
span shall be over the main channel of the
river and not less than three hundred feet in
length: And pro-vided also, Thatifsaid bridge,
built under this act, be constructed as a draw-
bridge the same shall be constructed as a, pivot
draw-bridge, with a draw over the main chan-
nel of the river at an accessible and navigable
point, and with spans of not less than two
hundred feet in length, in the clear, on each side
of the central or pivot pier of the draw, and
the next adjoining spans to the draw shall not
be less than two hundred and fifty feet; and
said spans shall not be less than thirty feet
above low-water mark and notless than ten feet
above extreme high-water mark, measuring to
the bottom chord of said bridge ; and the piers
of said bridge shall be parallel with the cur-
rent of the river: And provided also, That
said draw shall be opened promptly, upon
reasonable signal, for the passage of boats ;
and in no case shall unnecessary delay occur
in opening" the said draw during or after the
passage of trains.
Sec. 3. That said bridge constructed under
this act, and according to its limitations, shall
be a lawful structure, and shall be recognized
and known as a post route, upon which, also,
no higher charge shall be made for the trans-
mission over the same of the mails, troops,
and the munitions of war of the United States,
than the rate per mile paid for their trans-
portation over the railroads or public high-
ways leading to the said bridge.
Sec. 4. That all railway companies desir-
ing to use the said bridge shall have and be
entitled to equal rights and privileges in the
passage of tbe same, and in the use of the
machineiy and fixtures thereof, and of all the
approaches thereto, under and upon such
terms and conditions as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary of War, upon hearing the allega-
tions and proofs of the parties in case they
shall not agree.
Sec. a. That the structure herein authorized
shall be built under and subject to such regu-
lations for the security of the navigation of
said river and lake as the Secretary of War
shall prescribe, and the said structure shall be
at all times so kept and managed as to olft-r
reasonable and proper means for the passage
of vessels through and under said structure ;
and the said structure shall be changed at the
cost and expense of the owners thereof, from
time to time, as Congress may direct, so as to
preserve-tbe free and ■ convenient navigation
of-said-river; and the authority to erect and
continue said bridge shall be subject to revo-
cation-bylaw-whenever the public good shall,
in the judgment of Congress, so require.
Sec. 6. That the right to alter or amend
this act so as to prevent or remove all material
obstructions to the navigation of said river by
the construction of said bridge is hereby
expressly reserved.
Approved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCXCril.—An Act granting the Right
of Way through the Public Lands for the
Construction of a Railroad and Telegraph
in Florida.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives if the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the right of way
through the public lands be, and the same is
hereby, granted to the Great Southern Rail-
way Company, a corporation created under
the laws of theState of Florida, its successors
and assigns, for the construction of a railroad
and telegraph from the Saint Mary's river, in
the State of Florida, to Key West, in said
State, together with a branch road from the
most eligible point on said road to Tampa Bay
and Caloosa Entrance, in said State : and the
right, power, and authority are hereby given
to said corporation to take, from the public
lauds adjacent to the line of said road, mate-
rials for the construction thereof. Said way
is granted to said railroad to the extent of one
hundred feet in width on each side of the cen-
tral line of said road where it may pass through
the public domain, including grounds for sta-
tion buildings, workshops, depots, machine-
shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, and
water-stations, to an amount not exceedir.g
twenty acres for each ten miles in length of
the main line of said railroad: Provided,
That within one year from the passage of this
act the said company shall file with the Sec-
retary of the Interior its acceptance of the
terms of this act, and a map of the route,
exhibiting the line of the road and its branch,
as the same has been located, and shall com-
plete said road within ten years of the pas-
sage of this act. It shall be the duty of the
said company to permit any other railroad
which has been or shall be authorized by the
United Slates, or by the State of Florida, to
form running connections with its road on fair
and equitable terms. In case of disagree-
ment, such terms shall be fixed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Sec. [2.] That said road shall be a post
route and a military road ; and Congress at
any time, having due regard for the rights of
said company, may fix rates of tariff for trans-
portation of troops, materials of war, and
mails, and may add to, alter, or amend this
act.
Sec. 3. That Congress reserves it [to] itself
the right to alter, amend, or repeal this act
whenever in its judgment the interests of the
people may require it.
Approved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCXCIV.—xVn Act to extend the pro
visions of an Act entitled " An Act for the
Relief of certain Purchasers of Lands from
the legal Representatives of Bartholomew
Cousin," approved February eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of
an act entitled " An act for the relief of eer-
