1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-' GLOBE.
2607
tions so attractive, so well calculated to influ-
ence and guide my judgment and to excite my
enthusiasm. I say this much for the purpose
of leaving the Senate to understand how loath
I should be to offer any amendment to this
bill that could have, in my judgment, any seri-
ous influence in retarding the commencement,
the prosecution, and the speedy completion
of a work so great and so desirable in every
respect.
Mr. MORTON. What is the Senator's
amendment ?
Mr. CASSBRLY. The act of last year
required the company to build fifty miles in
two years after the passage of the act from
San Diego eastward, as well as fifty miles
from the eastern terminus westward. The
amendment proposes,' instead of fifty miles
within two years from San Diego eastward, to
build twenty-five miles within three years.
My amendment is to require the company to
build within two years twenty miles from San
Diego eastward. In other words, instead of
the fifty'miles within the first two years re-
quired by the act of last year, 1 ask the com-
pany to build twenty miles within the two
years. It seems to me that is a moderate
amendment, and one to which, I trust, there
will be no objection. I have no hesitation in
saying that if I believed it would seriously
embarrass the commencement and prosecu-
tion of this road I should hesitate long before
I pressed it on the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. The important thing to
the people of California is to have the road
built. It is not so important to have twenty
miles completed in two years. I am informed
that there are thirty-six hundred feet of tunnel
to be constructed in the first twenty miles,
and that if the law requires it shall be done
within two years it will endanger the whole
enterprise. I hope the Senator from Cali-
fornia will not insist upon his amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will ask the Senator
from Pennsylvania, who has the principal
charge of this bill, as the Senator from Ne-
vada, the chairman of the committee, I see
is not here, whether , he will accept fifteen
miles? I think it is very important lo San
Diego and to the interests of California that
some commencement should be made within
two years. I will be content with fifteen miles
if the Senator will consent.
Mr. SCOTT. Cau the Senator inform me
that the fifteen miles will not embrace the
tunnel?
Mr. CASSERLY. Perhaps the Senator did
not hear what I said before. I have taken
great pains to study the subject and examine
the surveys and maps connected with the line
east from San Diego. I am persuaded that
within a distance of say eighteen or nineteen
miles from San Diego there is no occasion for
a tunnel ; but, in order to be safe, I will say
fifteen miles.
Mr. SCOTT. I would not feel authorized
to accept that modification without a knowl-
edge of the fact whether the tunnel will be
within that distance or not; but I suggest to
the Senator that he permit this amendment to
be agreed to in committee, so that he and I
both may make such inquiries m regard to
that subject as will enable us to inform our-
selves, and, if necessary, he can renew that
amendment in the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will consent to this:
to allow this amendment to be adopted pro
forma now, reserving the right to move au
amendment to it in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Senator from California withdraws his amend-
ment to the amendment for the present.
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLB. The distance to the tunnel is
eighteen miles.
Mr. CASSEtiLY. I understand my col-
league to say it is eighteen miles out of San
Diego before you reach the point of tunnel-
ing. That is according to my understanding
also.
Mr. CAMERON. Before the Senator from
California withdraws his amendment I would
like to say a word in regard to it. I have had
something to do with making railroads. I
know how difficult it is to make tunnels. There
are, as I understand, thirty-six hundred feet
of tunnel to be made before you reach San
Diego. I was once employed for three years
in making a railroad nine hundred feet. Diffi-
culties occurred which none of those concerned
expected ; we had to arch it, and several times
the arch fell. The difficulty of the present
requirement is that if persisted in the company
would either, like wise men, refuse to under-
take the work at ail, or if they did start it
they would be encountered constantly by com-
binations of laborers and other people who,
knowing that they must perform a certain part
of the work within a particular time, would
compel them to raise prices so much as to
prevent them doing the work.
To my mind this is a question whether the
people of California shall have this railroad
soon or whether they shall wait for a number
of years an$ find somebody with skill and cap-
ital willing to put them in this great work. A
few years ago a company supposed to be com-
posed of the best capitalists in New York
undertook to make this railroad; but they I
gave it up because they discovered that they '
were unable to comply with the law. Now a
few individuals come here who are willing to
put their money into it, of course expecting
to make honor as well as profit out of it; but
they cannot invest the money, nor can they
afford to give their time to it, if the law is sur-
rounded with such embarrassments as may
endanger all the fortune which their previous
lives of enterprise have enabled them to ac-
quire.
If the people of the South want this road
now they ought not to object to such a reason-
able bill as the gentlemen who are disposed
to put their money into it propose to them.
1 want especially to benefit the South, which
so much needs help,b-y this road, and for that
reason 1 atn not willing to embarrass the bill by
amendments that will prevent its completion
for long years. It is not as if a half dozen or
a number of persons were competing for this
work. Then it might be very well for Senators
to make as much difficulty as they could. But
now the question really is whether the road
shall be made or not; whether, after men of
the highest reputation in New York have
failed, and after all the South has foiled to
make this road, these gentlemen who have not
come here begging for this, but who have been
persuaded to take hold of this road, shall be
allowed to have such an act as they can work
under. It is a plain question whether the road
shall be built or not.
I am perfectly satisfied that when the Sen-
ator from California said this is going to be a
great work for the South, he was right. The
whole of the southern States are interested
in this; every railroad in the South is inter-
ested in having this road made which will
carry the products of that people across to
the Pacific slope and will carry through their
country the products not only of California,
but of all the countries beyond the great Pacific
ocean.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from California is with-
drawn, and the question now is on the amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. COLE. I have no disposition to em-
barrass the construction of this road by any
means. I want the road constructed. But
when the other Pacific road was constructed
it was commenced at both ends and prose-
cuted vigorously at both ends ; and we are of
opinion that this road ought likewise to be
built from both ends and constructed as
speedily as possible.
Mr. CAMERON. A word in reply to that,-
The other railroad had donated to it by Congress
$25,000 a mile as a bonus. These gentlemen
get nothing ; they do not expect to get a cent,
and the law does not give them a cent. You
give them no money ; but. after they have con-
structed a certain nui.nber of miles they will
get some lands. That is the difference.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert as section six the following:
That the Grand Tower and San Diego Pacific Rail -
road Company, and its successors, a. corporation duly
organized under the laws of the State of Arkansas,
is I)<;reby authorised and empowered to survey, lay
out, locate, and construct, l'urnihh, maintain, and
operate and enjoy a continuous railroad and tele-
graph line, with the appurtcnanees, from a point
near Fulton, in the State of Arkansas, by the most
eligible route, to some point on the line of the Texas
ami Southern Pacific Railway Company, not west
of Dallas, in the State of Texas, and the right of way
is hereby granted to said company to the extent of
two hundred feet in width on each side of said rail-
road line, including all necessary grounds for sta-
tions, eating-houses, workshops, depots, machine-
shops, side-tracks, switches, turn-tables, and water
stations; and the right ot way across the lands of
private persons shall be obtained in the same man-
ner and by the same means as is provided for pro-
curing the right of way by the Texq,s and Southern
Pacific Railway Company; which Grand Tower and
San Diego Paoilic Railroad Company shall have the
right to connect with the said the Texas and South-
ern Pacific Railwa,y Company on equal terms with
other roads, and with all the rights of said last-
named company as to construction,-maintenance,
and operation of the road hereby authorized: Fro -
vided, That said Grand Tower and San Diego Pacific
Railroad ComjfShy shall not be entitled to any pub-
lic lands of the United States.
Mr. FRELINGHU1SEN. I hope that
amendment will not be adopted. I think it
will be very injurious to the country to have
that adopted. I do not mean to say that it is
unconstitutional. There is a great difference
of opinion on that subject, as to the right of
the General Government to create railroads
in the States. Perhaps my views on that sub-
ject are more restricted and less liberal than
those of most members of the Senate; but this
is not a post road; it is not a road for pur-
poses of commerce between different States.
It is just creating a local road in Arkansas
and a part of Texas.
But, waiving altogether the question of con-
stitutionality, I submit to the Senate that it is
most inexpedient to enter upon that class of
legislation. I do not mean to multiply words;
but it is perfectly apparent that it would be
very injurious to the railroad interests of the
country. They never would know when they
were secure in their routes; they never would
know that there would not be a competing road
put immediately alongstde of them as soon as
their investment was made. Besides that, it
would be introducing into Congress a class of
legislation which would not be advantageous
to the Legislature of the country. We should
be beset by the nuisance of a lobby of rail-
road men in reference to railroads in all the
States.
It may be said that we have already passed
such acts, that this Texas and Pacific railway
act is such an one. Well, that is a good deal
more of a national road than this is ; but that
is the only act I am aware of that Congress
has ever passed creating a railroad in a State.
The other railroad was m the Territories.
Besides, this provision is not properly apart
of this act. If Congress desires to create a
railroad in Arkansas, let them have a distinct
charter for that purpose and pass upon it. It
is not connected with this road; neither am 1
aware that the promoters of this act and of
this road have any special interest in this pro-
vision.
For these reasons, I trust that the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I will state how
this comes to be an amendment to this bill.
This provision was origi nally a part of the
