1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4S99
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays. I want to know whether understand-
ings are to be kept.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STOCKTON. I understand this motion
is a motion to adjourn. The Senator from
Nevada has simply made an effort to bring a
bill up. When the bill is brought up, he is
ready to adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. Yes.
Mr. STOCKTON. That being so, I shall
vote "nay." I do not think Senators under-
stand it.
Mr. SCOTT. I understand that you pro-
pose this bill shall be made the unfinished
business against all the public bills concerning
the whole country, so that we shall come here
this evening to consider a railroad bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These re-
marks are out of order.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. lam in favor
of adjourning, but I am told there was an
understanding as to this bill. I therefore
vote "nay."
The result was announced—yeas 11, nays
28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Chandler, Coop-
er, Edmunds, Flanagan, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt,
Scott, Spencer, and Stevenson—11.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Casserly, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Fentan, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
Harlan, Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Ransom, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, West, and Win-
dom—28.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Gil-
bert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe,
Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morton,
Patterson, Rice, Saulsbury,Sehurz, Sherman, Sum-
ner, Thnr'nan. Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, Wilson,
and Wright—35.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina, to take up the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. SCOTT. Taking up this bill at this
time has the effect of making it the unfinished
business. I have understood that it has been
voted for on the ground that there was an
understanding that this bill was to be taken up
and disposed of when reported. A motion
was made to recommit this bill to the commit-
tee for the purpose of having it considered
and reported, but I have no recollection of
any understanding that it was to be proceeded
with, and we have already had before the Sen-
ate and half discussed the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the steamboat bill, a
House bill which affects the whole country.
There are other bills also which many mem-
bers have been anxious to get up, one, for
instance, the bridge bill on the Ohio river,
and I hope the Senate will leave themselves
free to act when we have a full Senate this
evening to consider which of these measures
it will take up, and not take up any measure
now before we adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I hope we shall vote on
this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina, to proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTES.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, with the consent of
the Senator from South Carolina, I desire to
make a report from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads. It is a post route
bill from the House, and its last act of this
kind at this session, and I ask that it be acted
on at once.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2935) to establish
certain post roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. It need not be read. It is
nothing but an ordinary post route bill with no
legislation.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move that the reading
be dispensed with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
can be dispensed with by unanimous consent.
The Chair hears no objection, and the bill
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. RAMSEY. The amendments of the
committee need not be read. They are merely
to insert additional post routes.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed, and the bill read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, aud
passed.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask unanimous con
sent to take up a small bill, No. 1163, reported
from the Committee on Political Disabilities
unanimously. It will lead to no debate.
Mr. CONKLING-. I hope it is not a bill to
remove disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It is.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Shall we have
the morning hour this evening?
The PRESIDING" OFFICER. Yes.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well. If we are
entitled to a morning hour I hope we shall
adjourn.
Mr. RANSOM. I ask the Senate to hear
me for a few moments. This bill proposes to
remove the political disabilities of certain
persons therein named. Among those names
is that of Governor Vance of North Carolina.
I trust the Senate will pardon me for saying
that I feel a very deep interest, both a patriotic
and personal interest, in having the disabil-
ities of that distinguished citizen of my State
removed. With me it is not only a high duty
but the first impulse, the sacred sentiment of
an honorable man. It is known that Gov-
ernor Vance was elected by the Legislature of
North Carolina to a seat in the-Senate, and
that in consequence of political disabilities he
was denied admission here. He resigned the
position, and I was chosen to take the seat
which it was the anxious wish of the State he
should fill. I cannot refrain from expressing
here my great regret that he was not admitted
to the place for which his eminent abilities
and virtues so well fitted him. The bill
relieving him has received the unanimous
approval of the Committee of the Senate on
the Removal of Disabilities.
He has presented to Congress a petition ask-
ing the removal of his disabilities. I have
examined that petition, and find it what I knew
it was, a candid, honest, manly paper, honor-
able alike to the head and heart of its high-
minded author. I know Governor Vance well,
and I fear that some impressions unjust to his
public character and conduct prevail here.
There is a prejudice that he sought his election
to the Senate in defiance of the laws of the
country and in violation of the amendment to
the Constitution. Let me say that this is a
great mistake ; the facts prove just the reverse.
I state what, lam sure, iny colleague on this
floor will not deny, that Governor Vance was
nominated in 1870 by his party as a candidate
for the senate branch of the North Carolina
Legislature, and declined that nomination on
the express ground that as the Legislature
convened before the assembling of Congress
his disabilities could not be removed, and un-
der the amendment to the Constitution he
could not take his seat in the Legislature.
Instead of defiance, Mr. President, here was
manifest, sincere deference to the Constitu-
tion. But when the Legislature met and
Governor Vance had received assurances from
leading Republicans all over the country,
among whom, I trust, I may be permitted to
say, was the distinguished chairman of'the
Senate Committee on the Removal of Dis-
abilities, that Congress would relieve him in
time to take his seat on the 4th of March, 1871,
he was elected to the Senate and upon ascer-
taining that Congress was unwilling to pass a
bill for his relief, with patriotic magnanimity
returned to the Legislature of North Carolina
his commission. I deny that Governor Vance
or the Legislature of North Carolina intended
any defiance or contempt to Congress or the
Constitution. All the facts demonstrate the
opposite.
Why, Mr. President, the Legislature of
North Carolina with only five or six dissenting
votes passed a resolution requesting Congress
to relieve Governor Vance. The Governor
of the State, a Republican ; the five justices of
the supreme court of the State, all Republicans;
and a large number of leading Republicans
throughout North Carolina unitedin an appeal
to Congress to the same effect. These state-
ments condemn forever as utterly groundless
every insinuation reflecting upon the patriot-
ism, the honor, the magnanimity of that gifted
and generous man. Let me say to Senators
that it is not a form when I declare that in all
the qualities that command the admiration of
good men, his character will not suffer in com-
parison with that of any of those who give
honor to this body.
One noble act of his public life which ought
to pass into history and forever silence every
whisper against him in this body, I beg the
Senate to hear; it is known to the people of
North Carolina, and the deed received their
generous approbation: that when the con-
federate government in the dark winter of
1864-6S, was so completely exhausted in re-
sources that it could neither feed nor clothe the
United States prisonersat Salisbury, Governor
Vance, then the Exequtive of the State, with
Christian and heroic humanity divided the
rations and raiment, which his prevision had
provided for the North Carolina soldiers with
thesufferingprisoners at Salisbury. This deed
speaks for itself, and I trust will be heard here
to-day. Again let me appeal to Senators in
the name of the noble State of North Car-
olina, and, let me say, as an act of personal
courtesy, justice to me, to pass this bill.
Mr. SPJENCEK. I hope the bill will pass.
I have examined it and know all the names
in it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall want an equal
explanation as to the others, and I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. RANSOM. I hope not. It will only
take a minute to pass this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I have generally objected
to these bills, but I have the profoundest re-
spect for the Senator from North Carolina,
and I believe what he has said.
Mr. CONKLING. So we all have, but
there are seven other names in the bill.
Mr. SPENCER. And not a name to which
there is objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to adjourn.
Mr. RANSOM. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will withdraw the motion. If the
Senator could put himself in my position he
would know how much I desire this bill to
pass.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will
take out Governor Vance alone and move that
his disabilities be removed, very well; but I
want to hear the explanation in the other seven
or eight cases.
Mr. SPENCER. We can give the Senator
the explanation.
Mr. RANSOM. Then I ask the Senate to
let me have a vote on the removal of Gov-
ernor Vance's disabilities. ["Yes!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
to amend the bill by strikmg out the other
names.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope that will not be
done.
