1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
Laws of the United States.
42d Cohg.... 2d*8ess.
tain purchasers of lands from the legal,repre-
sentatives of Banholoinew Cousin,',' approved
February eighteenth, eighteen hundred, and
seventy-one, be, and the same are hereby, ex-
tended one year from the expiration .thereof.
Approved, Juue 4, 1872.
Chap. CCXOV.—An Act to authorize the Issue
of an American Register to the brig Del-
phine.
Beit enacted by the- Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America In
Congress assembled, That there be issued, un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, a register for the brig Delphine,
formerly a French vessel, but now owned by
Messrs. B. S. lihett and Son, of Charleston,
South CaroliDa, and which said vessel, having
been brought into the harbor of Charleston in
a damaged condition, was ordered by the
French consul at that port to be sold at public
auction, aud was purchased by said B. S.
Rhett & Son, who have caused the said vessel
to be repaired : Provided, That it shall be
proved tu the satisfaction of the Secretary of
the Treasury that the cost of the repairs made
in the Unned States, after the purchase of said
vessel by the present owners, equals three
limes the amount paid by said B. £>. lihett &
Son at said auction.
Approved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCXCVI.—An Act to provide for the
Sale of the Marine Hospital and Grounds at
San Francisco.
Be itenaded by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 1 hat the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
empowered to sell for the best price that can
be ootaini'd, alter due notice, the United
Slates Marine hospital building and grounds at
Hincon point in the city of San Francisco,
Oaiilornia, such sale to include all the land em-
braced m the Government reservation at Kin-
con point af >repaid, aud, on due payment, to
make, execute, aud deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers thereof all the rights and title
thereto belonging to the United States, aud the
proceeds of such sale, after deducting neces-
sarv expenses, to be paid into the lreasury of
the United States.
Approved, .June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCCV.—An Act to correct au Error in
the Act approved February twenty-lourtb,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hotiseof Rep-
resentatives of the United istates oj America in
Congress'assembled, I hat so much of the act
entitled "An act to provide for the disposition
of useless military reservations, ' approved
Febiuary twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and
seveuiy-one, as locatesthe military reservation
of Fort Walla-Walla, iu "Oregon,'' is hereby
amended so us to read " Washington Terii-
torj," the actual location of said reservation.
Appuoveh, .Juue.7, 1S72.
Chap. CCCVI.—An Act in regard to the Com-
mencement of Increased Pay to Promoted
Oliieers in the Navy.
Be it cnactcd by the Senate and House.of Hep
rescntatives of the Lulled States vj America in
Congress assembled, That the clause in section
seven of theactut July liiteetith, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, making appinpruitiono lor
the naval service for 'he year ending June
thututh, eighteen hundred and seventy one,
and tor other purpose.-",'' which enacts " that
hereafter (in* iucie.iM d pay of a promoted oih-
cei <hall comim nee 11 e 111 t lie dat e^be is to take
rank as given in his commission,' be, and the
same is hereby, repealed: Provided^ That if
such officer shall havebeen promoted in course
to fill a vacancy, and shall have -been in the
performance of the duties of the higher grade,
grade from the date he.ia to take rank, he may
be allowed the increased pay from that date.
Approved,. June 5, 1-872.
Chap, CQCVII.—An Act to fix the Pay of
certain Rear Admirals on the Retired List
of the Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and alter the
thirtieth of J une, eighteen hundred aud seventy,
rear admirals on the retired list of the 'Navy,
who were retired as captains when the highest
grade in the Navy was captain, at the age of
sixty-two years, or after forty-five years' ser-
vice, and who, after their retirement, were
promoted to the grade of rear admiralj and
performed the duties of that grade in time of
war, shall, when not on duty, be entitled to
and receive the pay of re&r admirals on the
retired list. , .
Approved, June.5, 1872.
Chap. CCCVIII.—An Act to provide fo,r the
Removal of the Flathead and other Indians
from the Bitter Root Valley, in the Territory
of Montana.
Be. it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be the duty
of ,i'he President,, as soon as practicable, to
remove the Flathead Indians, (whether of full
or mixed bloods,) and all other Indians con-
nected with said tribe, and recognized as mem-
bers thereof, from Bitter Root valley, in the
Territory of Montana, to the general reserva-
tion in said Territory, (comiuonJy known as
the Jocko reservation.) which by a treaty con-
cluded at Hell Gate, in the Bitter Root valley,
July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, and ratified by the Senate March eighth,
eighteen hundred and fifty nine, between the
United Slates and the confederated tribes
of Flathead, Kootenai, aud Pend d'Oreille
Indians, was set apart and reserved for the use
and occupation of said confederated tribes.^
Sec. 2. That as soon as practicable after
the passage of this act, the surveyor general
of Montana Territory shall cause to be sur-
veyed, as otherjrablie lands of the United
States are surveyed, the lands in the Bitter
Root valley lying above the Lo-Lo fori; of the
Bitter Root river; and said lands shall be
open to settlement, and shall be sold in legal
subdivisions to actual settlers only, the same
being citizens of the United States, or having
dulv declared their intention to become such
citizens, said settlers being heads of families,
or over twenty-one years of age, in quantities
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres to
each settler, at the price of one dollar and
twenty five cents per acre, payment to be made
in cash wiihin twenty-one mouths from the
date of settlement, or of the passage of this
act. The sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections
of said lands shall be reserved for school pur-
poses in the manner provided by law. - town
sites in said valley may be reserved and en-
i tered as provided by law: Provided, that no
! more than fifteen townships of the lands so
I surveyed shall be deemed to he subject to the
! provisions of tins act: And provided furt/ier,
1 f hat none ot the lands m said valley above
| the Lo Lo fork shall be open to settlement
under the homestead add pre-emption laws of
I the United States, An account sna'1 be kept
! bv the Serretaiy of the Interior of the pro-
i eeeds of said lands, and out of the first moneys
I arising therefrom there shall be reserved and
j set apart for the use ol said Indians the suui
of fifty thousand dollars, to be by the Presi-
dent expended,.in annual instalments, in such
manner as in his judgment shall be for the
best good of said Indians, but -no more than
five thousand dollars shall be expended in any
one year.
Sec. 3. That any of said Indians, being th.e
head of a family, or twenty-one years of age,
who shall, at the passage of this act, be actu-
ally .residing upon and cultivating any portion
of said lands, shall be permitted to remain
in said valley and pre-empt without cost the
land so occupied and cultivated, not exceed-
ing in amount one hundred and sixty acres
for each of such Indians, for which he shall
receive a patent without power of alienation :
Provided, That such Indian shall, prior to
August first, eighteen hundred and seventy-
twOj notify the superintendent of Indian
affairs for Montana Territory that he aban-
dons his tribal relations with said tribe, and in-
tends to remain in. said valley : And provided
further, That said superintendent shall have
given such. Indian at least one mouth's notice
prior to the date last above mentioned of the
provisions of this act and of his right so to
remain as provided in this section of this act.
Sec. 4. That in case John Owen, an actual
settier in said valley above the Lo-Lo fork,
shall come within the provisions of the act of
Congress of September twenty seventh, eight-
een hundred and fifty, entiiled "An act to
create the office of surveyor general of the
public lands m Oregon, and to provide for the
survey, and to' make donations to settlers' of
the said public lands," and the acts amenda-
tory thereof, he shall be permitted to establish
such fact in the land office in the said Terri-
tory of Montana, and, upon .proof of compli-
ance with the provisions of said act or acts,
shall be per.mitted to obtain title, in the man-
ner provided therein, to such quantity of land
as he may be entitled to under the same. All
disputes as to title to any lands mentioned in
this act shall be decided according to the
rules governing the decision of disputes in
ordinary cases under the pre-emption laws of
the United States.
Approved, June 5, 1872.
Chap. CCCIX.—An Act 4o carry into effect
the Fourth Article of the Treaty of Februaiy
twenty-three, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, with the Seneca, Shawnee, Quapaw,
and other Indians.
Whereas, by the fourth article of the treaty
of Februaiy twenty-third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, with the Shawnee, Quapaw,
and other Indians, the strip of lands belong-
ing to said Quapaws lying within the State ol
Kansas was sold to the United States, and
intended, by the amendnaent to said article, to
be settled to actual settlers, under thepre-emp-
tion laws of the United States; but whereas,
by the manner of insertion of said amend-
ment, the said lands are left without any pro-
visions for their disposal: Therefore, for the
purpose of carrying out the intention of the
treaty and of its amendments,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said amendment
shall not be construed as authorizing or pro-
viding for the disposal of the lands ot the said
Quapaw Indians, which, by the fourth article
of the said treaty of February twenty-third,
eighteen hundred and  ixty-seven, were sold to
the United States atone dollar andfifteen cents
an acre, and lying and being within the bound-
ary of the Indian territory, but said amend-
ment shall refer to, and be construed to
authorize and direct, the disposal of the strip
of land theretofore belonging to said Indians,
lying and being within the State of Kansas,
and which, by the aforesaid article of said
