1872.
THE CONGRSSSIQNAk GLO&E.
8503
Maine, Patterson, Kamsey, Ransom. Riee, Sauls,
bury, Schurz. Speaker, Sumner, Thurman, Trum-
bull, West, Wmdom, and Wright—34.
, So the amendment was r§jeptes}, ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I regret that
the hour is so late, fox I fear the Senate may
think that I am offering these amendments for
factious -purposes. X do rjjjt rowember erer
to have. o8er«d «w  BjneaiJment for a factious
purpose ia my life. . J'Relieve eypry amend-
ment I.offered ought to be adopted if this bill
is to pass-: I shall now offer th*. following
amendment to come is on page 2, line twenty,
two, ftnd I sballask, fchie yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. MORTON. Take a division upon it.
Mr- MORRILL, of Vermont. ..-No$ as long
as I can put the Senate on record in relation
to these amendments to-night, l aw determ-
ined to do it-
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Buiyou have
to go on the record yourself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I want to
do it.
Mr, FRELINGKUYSEN. So do we,
The (Chief Clerk read the ame dment, whieh
was on page 2, line twenty-two, after the word
#<District," to insert:
And in addition; said company shall pay amiually
for the use of the,land and additional pri
herein granted, the sum of $£0,000 into the Treasury
of the District of Columbia, which- sura shall be
devoted exclusively by said eityio the support of the
public schools.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now, Mr.
President, would-it not-be discreditable for
this poor city to give up this large and valua-
ble tract of land to a railroad corporation
■without any compensation? I think the city
is so poor that it ought to receive some annual
rent, and I propose that the company shall
pay a very moderate rent for the land, otily
$20,000 a year, and that that Sum shall be
appropriated to the common schools of the
District.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President-
Mr. CAMERON. Let me say a word in
reply,
Mr. CONKLING, I want to say a word
myself, but I will yield.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall take but a moment
in reply to the Senator from Vermont. If he
will read the bill he will see that the corporate
authorities of the city are to tax this property
as other property'is taxed, and the amount of
that tax, whatever it may be, is to be devoted
to the public schools. x
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, But it does
not provide that they shall pay fifty cents a
foot for the land, or $2 50, or three dollars,
as other parties would have to pay for it, and
then pay taxes in addition. I- propose that
they shall pay some rental on the value of the
land, and then pay the taxes as other people
pay them. Why should we give this great
favor to a great corporation and not to indi-
viduals ?
Mr. TIPTON. Why, Mr. President, while
it is admitted that this company do not pur-
chase the ground and pay for it by the foot or
by the acre, they are to pay taxes upon it while
it is not yet their property.- They are to be
the occupants of it for the time being at the
pleasure of Congress and pay taxes upon it as
if they did own the title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But that is
not a rent, I ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It seems to me it is
very reasonable that the company should pay a
rent for this property. It is property that be-
longs to the Government. It is given to them
for use. They are to put a building upon it
as I understand, and are to pay the regular
taxes upon that building ; but in addition to
that it does appear to me that it is right and
reasonable for this company to pay something
in the way of rent to the Government.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr.„RANSOM. The. Senator- from. Mis-
souri [Mr. Buvpt] and I have pawed on this
amendment. He would voUi ",yea," and I
should vote " nay,"
Mr. FLANAGAN. I am paired with the
feeaator from Vermont, [Mr, Eoitonps,] If
he were here he would vote 11 yea," and I
snoald vote "oay." . .
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, I am paired
with the Senator from Ohio, .[Mr. TktomaNjJ
as I stated before, . . .. ,
Mr,: SPUN QBE., (jn, this question X am
paired wit&,.,th$ Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr, SuMNijR.] if ,jje wene here he would
vote "yea," .and I sboujd vote "nay." .
Mr. CALDWELL,. Lara pawed asi I indi-
cated awhile ago. 1 ,
The call of the roll having been concluded!
Mr. SPENCER. In .order, to make a quo-
rum I will vote as the. Senator from Massa-
chusetts vyoajd have voted if he had bgeu
preseat. ,I.vote "yea." ,
Mr. RANSOM. I am paired with tl>e Sen-
ator fpom Missouri, [Mr. .tfw.w.] ff he were
her« he would vote for this amendment, and I
should vote against its but I will vote "yea"
to make a quorum.
The result was announced—yeas 16, nays
24; as follows 1
YEA0—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham, Cooper,
Davis of "West Virginia. Golfltluyaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, JIamilton'of Xexas, Koiry, Morrill of
Verinon-t, Norwood, 'Ransom, Sawyer, Spencer,
Sprague, Stevenson, and Viokera—16.
NAJS—Messrs. Alcorn. Cameron, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Conkling, Ferry of Michigan, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Howe, Logail, Morton, Nye. Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool. Pratt, ttobcrtnon, Scott, Sherman,
Stewart, Stockton, Tipton, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserly, Ooie, Cor-
bett, Cragint-Daris of Kentuoky, ISdmundS, Fentou,
Ferry ol Connecticut, Flanagan, Frolinfjhuysou,
Gilbert, Hamlin, Johnston, ICollogg, Lpvns, Mor-
rill of Maine, Patterson, Ramsey, Rice, Saulsbury,
Sebum, Sumner, Thurmaa, Trumbull, West. Win-
dom, and W right—34.
So the amendment was rejected,
Mr. CAMERON. I have risen only for the
purpose of saying to the friends of this bill
that I trust tbey will make no more pairs to-
night. If the enemies of the bill want to go
off, let them do so; but I trust none of the
friends of the bill will pair from this time out
until the bill is disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont; I now offer
on page 4, line eighty-one, the following
amendment:
Without any claim or payment of damages there-
for.
So- as to read:
And provided further, That the United States, by
act of Congress, shall have the right to repeal or
modify the provisions of this act without any claim
or payment of damagos therefor.
I desire to say that while there is in the bill
a provision that Congress may alter, amend,
or modify this law, yet we are witnesses that
there are Senators here who believe that we
are compelled to pay for any damages that
may result from any such modification or
change. Under such circumstances, while I
have no belief whatever that the Government
of the United States would be compelled to
pay any damages for making au.y suehalter-
ation, yet as other Senators do entertain the
opinion that we should be liable to pay any
damages that might result from such a change,
I propose this modification of the law; lor
the more especial reason that I have no idea
that ten or twenty years will pass over without
our making a change and alteration of the
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not said one word
about this bill, and have taken little interest
in it. It is a bill that every Senator under-
stands readily. It is plain on the very face
of it, and every man can vote pro or con.
Until the Senator from Vermont announced
his purpose to weary us here at midnight by
innumerable amendments to put us on the rec-
ord, I had no feeling about it. But now I
will vote to adjourn when a motion to adjourn
is made. I am no more anxious to get .away,.
frpjn Washingtou than is any other Senator,
I can stay here as well as anybody else. If
there is anybqdj' either in the minority or ths
WMowty who desires to procrastinate business
and keep this matter of comparative insignifl-
mm here another day, I aw perfectly willing,
to join him, but it will only protract the ses-
sion aud delay other business.
Mr. STEWART. . I wi^h £q make a sugges-
tion to .the Senator. There is no necessity of
adjourning. I dp not • tbijuk with saoh a pur-
pose as .has been announced they can even
get t)ie yeasaud uayp on these motions. Let us
not er&ttt them*
Mr. SHERMAN, The Senator from Ver-
mont is responsible for public business with
the rest of He is one of the majority of
this body, and he is responsible for the sJis-
cbarge of the public business as much as any
of the rest, of us. If wa must take it free and
«aey, if we have no better business than this,
to waste time in voting on amendments to a
bill .that tlie plain indication of the Senate
shows a very large majority, two thirds, are in
favor of, what i  the use of qur waiting here?
Why not adjourn,, go home and come back
fresh, take pp this bill to-morrow, speud
another day, adjourn at five o'clock, and take
it ,up the nest day, and so on? I take it when
,a majority h#s set itself down, as it has deliber-
ately to-night, to pass this bill, it is pot likely
to be deterred by a minority, who simply offer
amendments and call for votes to put us upon
record.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, Mr. Presi-
dent, I take it the Senator from Ohio did not
intend to impute any factious purpose to me.
I said I had a series of amendments that I
proposed to offer-*-—
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator said he
intended to do it to put us upon the record, as
if we w<jre afraid of the record.
Mr, MORRILLt of Vermont. I desire to
put the Senate on the reoord, because I deem
the amendments important, I may be entirely
iu error in my judgment 5 I probably am, as X
differ from very many distinguished members
of this body) but I think the amendments of
importance, and I desire a vote upon thorn.
Mr. HAMILTON of Maryland. I beg to
make .a suggestion in reply to the, honorable
Senator from Ohio. I agree with him that
this bill should take its regular course. It
was an extraordinary piece of business that a
private bill in the few remaining days of this
session should be made a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was made by unani-
mous consent, the Senator being present.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, No, sir ;
I was not.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania in a full Senate rose one day after
several struggles, and after he had been put
off several times—and a Senator of his position
and long standing we usually yield to—but
after repeated efforts, he got up here and in a
full Senate appealed to the Senate to give him
a day. He allowed -mybody to fix a day, and
I think the Senator from Maryland consented.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I was not
present.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate, some one
opposed to the bill, perhaps my colleague,
fixed the day, said Wednesday, and we all
agreed that by unanimous consent, whatever
business might be pending on this day, we
would accommodate the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. That was the understanding. It
was taken up in pursuance of that understand-
ing, everybody participating.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Allow me to
say in response to what the honorable Seuator
from Ohio says, that I was not present upon
that occasion, and had I been, I would have
objected to it beyond all question. Senators
have their rights on this floor. I desire to
be courteous to every Senator here, and 1 was
mortified, or at all events I regretted hear-
ing the honorable Senator from Nevada say
