440G.
THE OONGBISSIONAI/ GkOBE.
June. 8,
Mr. CHANDLER. I insist on the motion
to adjourn.
Tie motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. Now I hope the bill will
be passed without striking out s*ny names. I
want one inserted. I move to amend the bill
by inserting the name of David Kloptpn, of
Alabama.
Mr. RANSOM. I do not wish to prevent
any personfrom passing through.
Mr. STEWART. Let us accept the prop-
osition to let Vance out alone.
Mr. RANSOM. Vance's name going
through can hurt nobody else. This is the
first opportunity I have had. I move to strike
out the other names.
Mr. STOCKTON. I understand this to be
a House bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. No, a Senate bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. Then I see no mischief
in striking out names. 1 think that the appeal
made by the Senator from North Carolina
ought not to be resisted.
Mr. NORWOOD. I beg the Senate to hear
me for one moment. I have made no appeal
to this Senate since I have been in it for the
last five months. I have not asked of this
body a single act of courtesy. There are in
the bill the names of four gentlemen from
Georgia, and I ask the Senate to relieve their
disabilities. They have all petitioned this
Congress in the best faith to have their dis-
abilities removed, and I stand here under pe-
culiar circumstances, just as the Senator from
North Carolina does, and I beg the Senate
that after the committee have passed upon the
application of these gentlemen for the removal
of their disabilities, have found no objection,
and have reported unanimously to relieve them,
that you will now grant this one act of grace,
if so you may call it, and not gointo a geueral
investigation. There is no objection to any
man whose name is in that list. Members on
the other side of the Senate have declared
time and again that if any man came here tyid
petitioned this Congress to remove his disa-
bilities they would vote to do it. I beg they
will do so now.
Mr. RANSOM. Under any other circum-
stances 1 would not renew the motion I made to
strike out the other names; but believing that
is the sen.se of the Senalo, 1 move to strike out
the other name* so as to present the case of
Governor Vance by itself.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out all except the name of George S. Hous-
ton, of Alabama, and that of Governor Vance,
of North Carolina.
Mr. RANSOM. I accept the amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. An appeal has been
made to Senators on this floor. Now I want to
make one in the name of justice and right. I
claim that this Senate should not, remove the
disabilities from any other man. The great-
est crime that has ever been committed against
human government has been commuted against
this. The loyal people of this country have
granted amnesty to tens of thousands who
have been in rebellion against this Govern-
ment, and now only a very few stand on one
side with a very slight mark of disapprobation
upon them. This nation has been more lib-
eral, more profligate in mercy than any other;
the men who have been thus guilty feel that all
except a very few are pardoned, and then they
come forward and demand amnesty for the
very few. I claim, sir, that this nation can-
not afford such amnesty as this. We have
given all but universal amnesty, and I do claim
that it is aot right, it is not just; it is not just
toward those who contended for the preserva-
tion of this Government that you shall place
the innocent and the guilty on the same foot-
ing, and I appeal to the Senate to set its seal
of disapprobation against any effort toward
removing the disabilities from any other man.
I have no unkind feelings that I know of
toward any man who has been in this rebel-
lion, and so far as it relates to him and to me
I would grant amnesty absolutely and forever.
But it is in the name of the Government that
I plead, and in the name of the Government
and in its permanency ; and I ask that if you
would preserve this Government, if.you would
go forward in the future, and when there shall
come another rebellion, or be a threat of
rebellion, if you would say to the people,
"You can look back and see a single act of
disapproval," you may rally men for your sup-
port; but if in the generations to come it
shall be seen that we shall have passed throngh
such a rebellion as we have, thousands and
tens of thousands of our sons have gone down
to the grave through this crime, and yet as we
have gone on it is found that the Senate of
the United States and the Congress of the
United States had declared that it was no
crime by granting universal amnesty, I ask
you how you can support a Government, and
I appeal to this Senate to never let another
bill for amnesty pass this body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator irom
North Carolina, to strike out from the bill (_S.
No. 11G3) to remove the legal and political dis-
abilities of certain persons therein named all
the names except those of Mr. Vance and
Mr. Houston.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. RANSOM. One word in reply to th#
honorable Senator from Connecticut. Let me
say that I have formed the acquaintance of
that Senator, and have been impressed with
his courteous bearing to gentlemen on this
floor and his apparent desire to do right. But
let me tell that Senator that the sentiments
which he has just given utterance to are not the
sentiments to cultivate the peace and harmony
of tlie country, or to exalt its character in the
opinion of the world. Let me say to the Sen-
ator and to the country that this great Repub-
lic cannot afford to be wanting in magnanimity.
I recall no instance in the history of civilized
nations when the character or the interest of
a people has suffered from the exercise of
magnanimity, that highest virtue in individ-
uals and States. I must say that the Senator
does not comprehend the genius and temper
of the people of the South. They are a brave,
generous, fair people, and the spirit and prin-
ciples of honor are, as they have ever been,
very dear to their hearts. It is true they took
up arms agaiust the Government, and for four
years manifested under unspeakable trials their
devoted virtues, that if .they did not make their
efforts successful, at least vindicated them
from dishonor. The war is over. The people
and States of the South have in good faith
acknowledged their allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and nothing but
injustice, suspicion, and distrust on the part
of the North can-interfere with the harmony
so essential to national prosperity.
The South desire peace and justice, libex-ty
and equal rights—a constitutional Government.
With these the Union will be perpetual. It is
true, Mr. President, that with the people of my
State and her southern sisters I took up arms
against the Government, and stood faithfully
I trust by their fortunes until all hope was ex-
tinguished. Nor do I blush to name it here.
It is not proper, nor have I the desire to dis-
cuss the right or wrong of these events which
have now passed into history. I prefer,
greatly prefer, as our people do, to unite with
all patriotic men in healing all our wounds,
and bending all onr energies to promote and
secure the peace, happiness, and honor of the
whole American people. And let me here in
my place say that if danger should from any
quarter threaten this country—if war with
England, with France, with Spain, with any
of the great Powers upon the earth, should
unhappily come—I trust I should be found
standing with my gallant friend the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] and the equally
devoted Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,]
in defending the honor and the flag of the
country.
And let me- say to the Senator from Con-
necticut that if you will do the South justice,
and trouble should unhappily come upon the
country, you will find the brave spirits among
that noble people locking their shields with
the gallant men of the North in defense of the
common home and soil, and that the same
high courage and heroic devotion and un-
shaken fortitude which have ever characterized
our people,will be again displayed under theflag
that Washington first unfurled. Let me again
say to the Senator from Connecticut that this
great Republic will best cherish its honor, its
great name, and its mighty destiny by the
exercise now of justice, magnanimity, gener-
ous and affectionate confidence toward the
people of the South.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It is because I love
my country that I oppose this measure. I
have no other feeling than that of regard to
my fellow-men, and 1 would do them a kind-
ness if in my power. But when you ask me to
do a personal favor, and that personal favor is
against the interests of the nation, I cannot,
in justice to ipy obligations to that nation,
yield to my personal feelings.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 3 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Anthony,Blair, Caldwell.Casserly,
Cole, Cragin, Fen ton, Ferry of Michigan, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Norwood, Osborn,
Pool,Ransom,Robertson.Sawyer,Spencer, Sprague,
Stewart, Stockton, and Windom—2l.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Chandler, and Har-
lan—3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton,
Conkling. Cooper. Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
of "West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
Elanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, 'G-oIclthwait.e,
Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Kel-
logg, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz. Scott, Sher-
man, Stevenson, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trum-
bull. Vickers, West, Wilson* and, Wright—50.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
not a quorum voting.
Mr. BLAIR. I movethatthe Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at eight
o'clock and fifty-five minutes a. m., Saturday,
June 8,) the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 8, 1872.
The Senate met at six o'clock p. m.
The Secretary called the Senate to order.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
bisection of president pro tempore.
The Secretary (George C. Gorham, esq.)
called the Senate to order, and said : Senators,
I Rave received the following communication
from the Vice President:
Vice President's Chamber,
Washington, June 8,187U.
DearSik: Please state to the Senate on its re-
assembling that I shall not occupy the chair during
the remainder of this session.
Respectfully, yours,
SCHUYLER COLFAX.
George C. Gobbam, Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That, in the absence of the Vice Presi-
dent, Hon. Henby B. Anthony be, and he is hereby,
chosen President of the Senate pro tempore.
The Secretary put the question on the res-
olution ; and it was adopted nern. con.
Mr. ANTHONY thereupon took the Chair
as President pro tempore.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,
it was
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the President
of the United States that the Senate has, in thei
