816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
discharged soldiers and sailors for the entire
time served, and an amendment tot.he twenty-
fifth section of the act approved July 15, 1870,
so as to permit soldiers or sailors to enter the
amount of land therein allowed without the
requirements of settlement and cultivation;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Adam Bil-
low, publisher of the Crestline Advocate, of
Crestline, Crawford county, Ohio, praying an
amendment to section one hundred and sixty-
two of the bill for the revision of the postal
laws; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of James
It. _ Harrold, of Maryland, praying compen-
sation for property taken and destroyed by
United States forces during the war of the
rebellion ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of
Ellen C. Long, daughter of the late Richard
K. Call, praying that the Government pay her
a judgment obtained by her father against the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying that a bounty of
$8 33| a month be granted to all honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors for the entire
time served, and an amendment to the twenty-
fifth section of the actapproved July 15, 1870,
so as to allow soldiers or sailors to enter the
amount of land therein allowed without the
requirements of settlement and cultivation ;
which was referred to tho Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
lie also presented the petition of Jacob E,
Scliiedt, late private company F, one hun-
dred and nineteenth Pennsylvania volunteers,
praying to be allowed a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Ho also presented a memorial of working-
men engaged in the Gap nickel mines and
furnaces, citizens of Lancaster county, Penn-
sylvania^ remonstrating against a change of
the existing tariff laws abating or abolishing
duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of workers
in the Pittsburg iron-works, citizens of West
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
a change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are suc-
cessfully produced in thin country; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of workers
in the Union iron-works, citizens of Alleghany
City, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against a
changed the_ existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties on such articles as are suc-
cessfully produced in this country ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
lie also presented a memorial of the workex'S
in Byers, McCullough & Co.'s rolling-mill,
citizens of _Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against a change in the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
_ He also presented a memorial of the workers
ln the Black Diamond steel-works, citizens of
Alleghany andPittsburg, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against a change in the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BOREMAN presented a petition of Wil-
liam McMullen and twenty-nine others, late
fn-L 1Gf-S ^-ie States, and citizens of
* „!!?'West Virginia, praying that a bounty
of $8 8oJa month be granted to all honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors for the entire
term served and that the twenty-fifth section of
the actapproved July 15,1870, be so amended as
to permit soldiers or sailors to enter the amount
of land therein allowed without the require-
ments of settlement and cultivation; which
tfas referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
He also presented the petition of William
II. Fisher and fifteen others, soldiers of Jef-
ferson county, Ohio, praying that a bounty of
$8 per month be granted to all honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors for the entire
term served-, and that an amendment be made
to the twenty-fifth section of the act approved
July 15, 1870, so as to permit soldiers or
sailors to enter the amount of land therein
allowed without the requirements of settle-
ment and cultivation; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. VICKBRS presented tho petition of
Catharine Middlcton, Mary H. Briscoe, and
Eleanor Torrance, widows of deceased soldiers
of the war of 1812, praying for an amendment
of the pension laws: which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Smith &
Nicodemus and forty others, tax-payers of the
city of Baltimore, Maryland, praying that the
duty on salt be repealed ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Kilpatrick
& Boggs and thirty-nine others, tax-payers
of the city of Baltimore, Maryland, praying
that the duty on salt be repealed; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a memorial of
envelope manufacturers, stationers, &c., citi-
zens of Richmond, Virginia, against the man-
ufacture and sale of stamped envelopes by the
Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
_ Mr. CAMERON presented two petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, soldiers of the late
war,, praying that a bounty of $8 S3} a month
be granted to all honorably discharged soldiers
and sailora for the entire term served, and that
an amendment be made to thetwenty-fifth sec-
tion of the act approved July 15, 1870, so as
to permit soldiers or sailors to enter the amount
of land therein allowed without the require-
ments of settlement and cultivation; which
were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
the Allentown rolling-mill, citizens of Allen-
town, Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, praying
a repeal of the duties upon tea, coffee, and
other articles of necessity, and such an adjust-
ment of tho tariff duties as will protect home
industry ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
_IIe also presented^ a memorial of William
Righter and seventy-nine others, workers in the
Tacony chemical works of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, praying a repeal of the duties upon
tea, coffee, and other articles of necessity, and
for such an adjustment of the tariff duties as
will protect home industry ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
_ He also presented a memorial of John Car-
rick and one hundred and fifty others, workers
in the Washington works of South Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, praying a repeal of the duties
upon tea, coffee, and other articles of neces-
sity, and for such an adjustment of the tariff
duties as will protect home industry; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of the speedy
passage of the apportionment bill; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a memorial of
the Board of Trustees of the Industrial Univer-
sity of the State of Arkansas, urging the pas-
sage of an act requiring the Secretary of the
Interior to issue and deliver the college scrip
to the State of Arkansas which is now with-
held by that officer as security for certain
indebtedness of the State of Arkansas to the
Chickasaw Indian trust fund incurred prior to
th& late rebellion; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. President, I have
just received a telegram from New Orleans
embodying a petition from twelve or fifteen of
the largest mercantile firms of the city regard-
ing the rice interest, and as it is short I ask
that it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the paper will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
New Orleans, February 5,1872.
. Tho undersigned, merchants representing the rice
interests of Louisiana-, having the interest of our
constituents and State in view, respectfully beer of
youand your honorable colleagues to useyour influ-
ence in defeating the measures now before your
honorable body tor the abolition ot the duties upon
rice, as such a measure would be ruinous to the rice
culture of this State, which is and has been for sev-
eral years past one of our most important agricul-
tural industries. Our Legislature will pass resolu-
tions to that effect shortly, and will ask of your
honorable body to use your influence in defeating
these measures.
DUPREE, HEINE & CO.,
ANGLEA SACOLA,
JAMES WOOD,
THOMPSON BROS.,
S. EERNANDIZ & CO.,
JOS. DAVID.
A. D. SALVlNT,
N. A. LAMBIAS,
SERRIN k GOURDAIJST,
S. (JAMPON.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the contents
of this paper have been disclosed by its read-
ing, the Chair must state that, it has been de-
cided by the Senate that telegrams or letters
addressed to Senators asking them to vote pro
or con on any measure pending before Con-
gress were not petitions or memorials. They
must be addressed to the Senate itself. The
Chair does'not make tho point; but it being
read in full, that fact is disclosed. If there
be no objection, however, the paper will be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It oughtnot to be referred.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to make this point
about it: there is no importance in it as con-
nected with this particular telegram, but I
make the point that a memorial or a petition
cannotbe sent by telegraph. It must be signed
by some one; it must be an actual document.
There is no importance attached to this point
in this case ; but the time will come possibly
when it may be of some importance. We have
no knowledge that a telegram is an original
document.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, how-
ever, has stated on the other point which has
been ruled repeatedly in the Senate, that let-
ters addressed to Senators asking them to vote
pro or con on any measure are not petitions
or memorials within the language of the rule.
II they were allowed to be presented as peti-
tions, the whole morning hour might be con-
sumed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make that point be-
cause my friend from Louisiana has attained
his object, and as a precedent it is a very itn
proper thing to present letters or papers of
this kind here, because if allowed we should
sometimes be obliged to receive a letter that
it might be altogether improper to receive at
all. So I hope my friend from Louisiana will
withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The telegram
will be printed in full in the Globe, aa it has
been reported at tho Secretary's desk, and in
that way the object is probably attained.
MESSAUE i'ROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
m which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 1192) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes;
