1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
817
|
A bill (II- It- No. 1333) to amend section || (S. No. 5Gj) to extend the time to the Stato
thirty five of an act entitled ''An act to reduce ij of Wisconsin to complete a road from Lake
Si, Croix to Lake Superior, reported it with-
internal taxes, and for other purposes;''
A bill (II. R- No. 1334) for the relief of J.
W. Quirin :
A bill (H- It. No. 1335) for tha relief of
Levi Bii-^ell;
A bill (II. R- No. 133Gj for the relief of
William E. Ward;
A bill (H. ft. No. 1337) to authorize William
C. Jardine to make application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for the issue of a patent
for his improvement in brake and rest for
carts;
A bill (H. R. No. 1339) for the relief of
Chester C. Tolraan;
A bill (H. R. No. 1340) for the relief of
Alexander Smith and Halcyon Skinner;
Abilt (H. R. No. 1342}supplementary to the
act entitled " An act to prevent the extermin-
ation of fur-bearing animals in Alaska;" and
A bill (II. It. No 1389) to remove the polit-
ical disabilities of all persons included by the
classes of persons therein designated.
WITHDRAWAL 01? PAPKRS.
On motion of Mr. LOGAN, it waa
Ordered, That Elizabeth Harding have leave to
■withdraw her petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
IIOUSU BILLS 11KPERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were read twice by their titles, and
relerreil as indicated below:
The bill (LI. It. No. 1102) making appro-
priations for the current and coutingeut ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending Jane 30. 1873, and
for other purposes—to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 1333) to amend section
thirty-live of an act entitled ,k An act to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes"—to :
the Committee on Finance. i
The biil (II. R. No. 1334) for the relief of j
J. VY. Quinn—to the Committee on Pensions, j
The hill (II. R. No. 1342) supplementary '
to the act entitled "An act to prevent the
extermination of fur-bearing animals in
Alaska''—to ihe Committee on Commerce.
The bill (II. R. No. 1369) to remove ^the
political disabilities of all persons included by
tlie classes of persons therein designated—to
the seiec' Committee on the Removal of Pcli il-
eal Disabilities.
The following House bills were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on-Patents : _ v
A bill (H. R. No. 1335) for the relief of
Levi Bis-ell ;
A hill (H. R. No. 1330) tor the relief of
Wil.iam E. Ward : .
A hi.I ;vil. li. No- 1337) tj authorize \\ ilnam
C.-Tirdme t.> m,.ke application totheCom-
misMOii'-r ol' Pa: enis for the issue ot a patent
for his improvement in brake and rest for
carts; , . .
A bill (II. R. No. 1330) lor the relief ot
Chester C. 1'olman ; and
A bill (LI. R No. 1340) tor ^ the relief of
Alexander Smith and Halcyon Skinner.
lU''POKt\S O!" COMMITTEES
Mr. RAMSEY- froth the Committee on Post
Offices and Pi st Roads, to whom-was referred
tlm bill (S. No. "47) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across_the Mississippi
river at or near the town of Clinton, m the
State of Iowa, and to establish it as a post
road, reported it with amendments.
Mr. CARPENTER. I send to the desk
two amendments, which I shall propose at the
proper time, to the bill just reported by the
Senator f.om Minnesota.
The amendments were received, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
I Oi, i Invfi —- \ «  52.
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 78) to authorize
the President of the United States to reestab-
lish the Monroe land district, in the State of
Louisiana, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WEST. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate for the immediate consideration
of that bill. It is a mere local matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Wait until
the morning business is through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made until the morning business isdisposed of.
Mr. POMEROY, fromthesame committee,
to whom was referred the bill (II R. No. 1182)
to create an additional land district in the State
of Minnesota, reported it withoutamendment.
He also, from the same committee to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 5*28) to continue !
in force a grant to the State of Nevada for .
college purposes, reported it without amend-
ment. ]
Mr. POMEROY. lam also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S, No. 516) relative to homestead set-
tlers burned out in the States of Minnesota,
Wisconsin, and Michigan, a bill introduced by
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] to
report it back favorably, and 1 have also been
requested to ask for its present consideiation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Some Senator
on the left has stated that he should object
until the morning business was disposed of,
and as on Monday morning petitions and other
matters of morning business are very numer-
ous, especially after an adjournment over for
thiee days, perhaps the Senator had better
withdraw the report until to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the bill go upon the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on tbe Calendar.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (II. R. No. 1074) providing for the
survey of the hurbor and river at Washington,
District of Columbia, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 619)
appropriating money fjr the purchase of a
suitable site and erecting a building thereon in
the city of St. Louis, Missouri, to be used for
the purpose of a custom-house, postothice, and
oiher F-.deial offices, reporteu u v.'iili anr-nd-
ments. , „ -t ,
Mr. CRAG IN, from die Committee onlNayU
Affair-;, to whom was referred the bili (S. No.
808) for the relief of Richard \\ asbington, a
paymaster in the United States Navy, reporteu
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
poslnonemeiit; which was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, irotn the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 46) to enable the Secretary ot War to
pay the expenses incurred in suppressing
Indian hostilities in the Territory of Montana
in the veiir 1867) reported it w~.th amendments.
Mr/SCOff, from the Committeemen Claims,
to whom was referred the bili (S. No. 230) tor
the relief of Mary M. Clark, wiaow ot Leon-
ard Clbik, deceased, reported it without amend-
inem. . , .1.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
wis referred tbe bill (S. No. 94) for the relief
of Miss Keturah Cole, reported it without
a^lrf STOCKTON. The Committee on Pub-
lie" Buildings and Grounds, towhom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 442,; supplementary to
an act to provide for a buiiumg SLiteu to the
u-e of the post office, the pens,on aim revenue
officers, and tbe judicial oihcer* ot the United
States in the city of '1 renton, New Jer.ey,
approved March 3, 1871, have directed me to
report it back with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute. I shall feel deeply indebted
to the Senate if they will take up this hill now
and put it on its passage. It, is a bili appro-
priating a certain sum, 8250,000, for the erec-
tion of a court-house and public buildings in
Trenton. I will state to the Senate that they
have already three times voted upon this sub-
ject, but the Secretary of the Treasury in his
report, said he had not money enough and could
not begin the building. I introduced this bill
at the present session appropriaiing 8300,000
for this purpose including the site. The com-
mittee have reduced that to $2-50,000. Con-
gress has acted upon the matter heretofore,
but the sum we asked for was too small. In
fact tve are suffering from too much modesty.
If the Senate will be kind enough to consider
the bill now, I shall feel deeply indebted to
them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Some Senator
on the left has objected to any unanimous con-
sent being granted until the morning business
shall have been concluded. The Senator from
New Jersey, however, lias renewed the re-
quest, and asks Ihe present consideration of
the bill appropriating §'250,000 for the erec-
tion of a public building in Trenton. Is there
objectio'n?
Mr. CALDWELL. I have a bill to pre-
sent. m ...
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in tha
nature of an objection.
bills introduced.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 581) to empower the Secretary of War to
establish under certain conditions a horse
railway upon and over the island of Rock
Island and the bridges erected by the United
States connecting the cities of Davenport and
Rock Island therewith ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
582) granting a pension to Alonzo D. Cady ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred,
with the accompanying papers, to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, asked, ana by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 583) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to patents and
copyrights.'" approved July 8, 18/0; which
! was read twice by its tiile. T , .
1 Mr. morrill, of Vermont,. I desire to
sav a single word to commend this bill to the
early action of the Committee on Patents. It
will be seen that the seveutv-tirst section of
the act of Julv 8, 1870, provides that '"any
person who, by his own industry, genius, efforts,
and expense, has invented or produceu any
new or original design for a. manufacture*
&c.. shall have a copyright upon it Clearly,
an act oassed so near the 4th of July as this
was, the 8th of duly, 1870, ought to have been
confined to citizens of the Lmted States.
Now, if an importer or a foreign manufacturer
sends anvariiele here and registers his design,
and pavs ten dollars for it, he can prevent that
article being reproduced in this country for
the space. I think, of seven years, or some con-
siderable time. Therefore, our own manutac-
turers cannot manufacture any article ot hard-
ware, cannot reproduce the same pattern or
calico, or of mousseline de lame, or of a shawl,
or of a carpet, provided a foreign manufac-
turer or importer registers a design ana pays
this sum for it. I only deem it necessary to
call the attention of tbe Committee on Paten w
to this bill, which proposes to confine this to
citizens of the United States, to commend it
to their favor. I move the reference ot the
bill to the Committee 011 Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CALDWELL asked, and by unanimous
