1872.
THE COtfGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
MOt
absence of the Vice President, chosen Hon. henry
B. Anthony, a Senator from the State of Rhode
Island, President of the Senate pro tempore, and
that he make a similar communication to the House
of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday's proceedings was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Anna Ella Carroll, of Maryland, praying com-
pensation for certain valuable service rendered
the United States Government by her during
the war; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
officers, soldiers, sailors, and marines who
have served in the Army, Navy, or Marine
corps of the United States, praying that they
be allowed to transfer or sell certain lands
acquired by a recent amendment to the home-
stead act; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. RANSOM presented the petition of
Josiah Turner, jr., praying the passage of an
act regulating the selection of jurors in the
Federal courts of North Carolina so as to take
from the marshal the power to pick or select
the jury in any case; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RANSOM. A bill was taken up this
morning, and I ask that it be now considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina asks consent to take
up a bill which was under consideration at the
adjournment yesterday, Senate bill No. 1163,
to relieve certain persons therein named from
the legal and political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there are bills
from the House of Representatives that ought
to be laid before the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to present a
report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Petitions
are still in order.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, protesting against an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
allowing a person of foreign birth to be made
President of the United States ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
thanks to vice president.
Mr. BAYARD submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to unanimously:
Resolved, That.the thanks of the Senate are due
and hereby are tendered to Hon. Schuyler Col-
fax, Vice President of the United States, for the
impartiality, ability, and courtesy with which he
has presided over our deliberations.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. BOREMAN, it was
Ordered, That II. Slack have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers from the files of the Senate.
army supplies.
The bill (H. R. No. 2975) to amend the
fifth section of an act entitled " An act mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes," was read twice by its
title.
Mr. WEST. I think there can be no objec-
tion to acting on the bill now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the fifth sec-
tion of the act approved May 8, 1872, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1873, shall not be
held to apply to materials, stores, or supplies
sold to officers and soldiers of the Army on an
exploring or surveying expedition authorized
by law ; and that the section shall not be held
to repeal such part of paragraph ten hundred
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 276.
and thirty-two Revised Army Regulations of
1863 as provides that the expenses of the sales
of military stores or supplies regularly con-
demned shall be paid from their proceeds.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not object, but I
think there should be some explanation of that
rather obscure bill. To what does it refer?
What is the operation of it?
Mr. WEST. The act which this bill amends
requires that the proceeds of the sales of all
property made by the Government of the Uni-
ted States shall be covered at once in gross
into the Treasury, and that provision would
apply to the sales of stores to Army officers,
and the commissary department would not
be able to renew these sales in consequence
of exhausting their supplies. This provision
merely remedies that defect and enables the
exploring expeditions on our frontiers to sup-
ply themselves with commissary stores. That
is the whole object of the bill.
Mr. COLE. I will state a little further that
by the laws now the exploring expeditions are
furnished with supplies from the quartermaster
and commissary departments; but under the
fifth section of the law, passed not long ago,
they cannot get any supplies.
Mr. CASSERLY. I merely wished to be
satisfied that the law recently passed in regard
to the sales of materials by the War Depart-
ment was not to be materially changed. I am
satisfied that is the fact.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
goods in bond.
The bill (H. R. No. 2973) to refund duties
paid on goods, wares, and merchandise re-
maining in bond or store on the 1st day of
August, 1872, was read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill simply con-
tains an appropriation to carry into execution
a section of the tariff act passed recently,
and its 'passage is indispensable in order to
enable the Secretary to comply with the law.
I ask that the bill be considered at the present
time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It provides that whenever
it shall be shown to the satisfaction of the
Secretary fo the Treasury that parties are
entitled to the refunding of duties paid on
goods, wares, and merchandise remaining in
public stores or bonded warehouses on the
1st day of August, 1872, under the provisions
of the sixth section of the act approved June
6, 1872, it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury to draw his warrant upon
the Treasurer, directing him to refund the
same out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1804) to amend an act
entitled " An act relative to collection districts
in North Carolina," approved February 25,
1867, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
post routes.
The bill (H. R. No. 2976) to establish cer-
tain post routes in Georgia was read twice by
its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. The matter within that bill
has become a law already. Let it be post-
poned indefinitely. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
pay op pages.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, to whom was referred a resolu-
tion to pay the pages of the Senate until the
end of the present month, reported it without
amendment.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution, and it was
agreed to, as follows:
Resolved. That the pay of the pages of the Senate
be continued until the end of the present month,
and that the Secretary is hereby directed to allow
and pay the same.
pay of committee clerks.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, to whom was referred a resolu-
tion to pay the clerks of the several commit-
tees of the Senate their usual per diem com-
pensation from the 1st to the 30th of June,
reported it without amendment.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution, and it was
agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and
he is hereby, authorized tend direeted to pay the
clerks of the several standing: committees of the
Senate their usual per diem compensation, from the
1st to the 30th day of June, inclusive.
reports op committees.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask unanimous
consent to take up Senate bill No. 1125.
Mr. THURMAN. I object until the morn-
ing business is through.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Charity Lodge, No. Ill, Free and Accepted
Masons, of Harper's Ferry, West Virginia, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 1192) for the relief of
Charity Lodge, No. Ill, Free and Accepted
Masons, of Harper's Ferry, West Virginia;
which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2900) for the
relief of S. D. Cochran, reported it without
amendment.
message from the house.
A message from the House of R#presenta-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1562) for the relief of
Captain Brice X. Blair, postmaster at Hun-
tingdon, Pennsylvania ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1803) for the relief of H.
H. Meridith, late postmaster at Wade, Bed-
ford county, Virginia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1842) to grant the right
of way through the public lands to the East-
ern Nevada Railroad Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 2345) for the relief of
Daniel O. Cleveland, postmaster at Broad-
albin, in the State of New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 2978) for the relief of
Francis B. Stewart, postmaster at Altoona,
Blair county, Pennsylvania ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2979) for the relief of
Robert K. Embody;
A bill (H. R. No. 2980) to remove the dis-
abilities of J. L. M. Curry, of Virginia, and
others therein named;
A bill (H. R. No. 2981) restoring the right
of homestead entry to certain soldiers and
sailors of the late war of the rebellion; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2977) for the restoration
to market of certain lands in Michigan.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (S. No. 1073) increas-
ing the rates of pension to certain persons
therein described.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 156) for the relief of Freder-
ick P. Dimpfel;
A bill (S. No. 377) for the relief of the legal
representatives of the late George T. Wiggins,
of Keokuk, in the State of Iowa;
A bill (S. No. 403) for the relief of Rufus
M. Pickel;
A bill @B. No. 527) to reimburse United
States marshals for moneys necessarily ex-
