1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2609
through the territory of a State. As was said
by the Senator from New Jersey, it is possible
that_ Congress may have the power to charter
a railroad through the States, but I regard the
power as doubtful; and whether doubtful or
not, I regard the exercise of it as highly inex-
pedient.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is much worse than
that. '
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; I am coming to
that point. This amendment involves a new
proposition, to authorize a corporation created
by the laws of one State to build a road into
another State without the consent of the
Legislature of that State. It would be the
exercise of a doubtful power-in nay opinion for
Congress to attempt to charter a railroad
through the States, and I should think there
was clearly no power to authorize a private
corporation of one State to build a railroad
into another State without the consent of that
State.
Now, the States do authorize the corpora-
tions created by the laws of other States to
exercise corporate authority in their States,
but it is a matter of State courtesy and grace
. entirely. But this would be a very dangerous
• precedent, and, in my opinion, without the
power of Congress.
I did not vote for the original bill in this
case. It authorized the construction of this
road, beginning in the State of California on
the one side, and in the State of Texas on the
other. I did not vote for it-, and as an original
proposition I could not vote for it; but the
law has passed, the road is important, and I am
now inclined to do all I can to make the con-
struction of the road a possibility. The im-
portance of the road cannot be denied or mis-
understood for a single moment, and as the
law has been passed, the grant of lands has
been made, the proposition is now so to mod-
ify it as to make the construction of the road
possible. I am disposed to aid in this modifi-
cation, but I cannot vote for the amendment
now proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The imme-
diate question is on the motion of the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. Clayton,] striking out
the railroad company named in the amend-
ment of the committee and inserting " the
Cairo and Fulton."
Mr. CLAYTON. So far as the point raised
by the Senator from New Jersey and by the
Senator from Indiana is concerned, I have
nothing to say. I think myself there may be
some doubt as to the propriety of Congress
authorizing a railroad company having author-
ity under the laws of one State to prolong its
* line into another State without a similar au-
thority from that State. I do not proposeto
discuss that question at present. I only desire
to say that it this authority is given, I hope it
will be given to a company which has not only
existence, but has the means to complete the
work. This Grand Tower and San Diego
company, I apprehend, is in the hands of
men who will not construct the work, but will
hold it for the purpose of obtaining from other
companies a valuable consideration for the
purpose of parting with their franchises when
obtained. I object to that. If this power is
given, I hope it will be given to a live organ-
ization, one that will have sufficient resources
to complete the work, as I know the Cairo and
Fulton company has at this time.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that those who
feel like promoting this section should con-
sent to striking out all afrer the word " that,"
in the first line, down to the twenty-first line,
so as simply to say :
ThattheGrand Tower and San Diego Pacific Bail-
road Company shall have the right to connect with
the said—
Not give it corporate powers at all, but just
say it shall have the right to connect—
with the said The Texas and Pacific Railway Com-
pany on equal terms with other roads, and with all
42  Cong. 2dSess.—No. 164.
the rights of the last-named company, as to con-
struction, maintenance, and operation of the road
hereby authorized.
Mr. COLE. I am very certain they have
that power now under the original act.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know about that.
Mr. RICE. No ; it, was in the original act
as part of the original bill; but when this
went out the power went out with it.
Mr. MORTON. Let me read section five
of the act:
"That the said company shall have power and
authority to make running arrangements with auy
railroad company or companies heretofore chartered,
or that may horeaf'ter be chartered by congressional,
State, or territorial authority."
Mr. POMEROY. They have the power to
do it; but suppose they do not choose to do
it? They may object to it-
Mr. RICE. What we want is to compel
them to prorate with us.
Mr. POMEROY. I would not give this
company corporate powers, but I would give
them the right to connect.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am willing to accept
that suggestion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If there is any
desire to accomplish that., this is not the way
to do it. This is amherizing the company
created by that State charter to do a particular
thing, when the proper way is to require the
company over which we have control and
which we are creating to do that thing. If
the object is to have a connection made, then
say that this Texas and Pacific road shall be
obliged to receive the business of this other
road when it comes to it. Then you accomplish
something. But if we say that the road char-
tered by this charter in Arkansas shall have
power to connect with the Texas and Pacific
road, the fact remains that the only authority
it has must expire when it reaches the bound
ary of Texas, and if-this road is hundreds of
miles south of that of course it amounts to
nothing.
Mr. POMEROY. But to connect how?
" Upon equal terms with other roads." They
have got to go to the State of Texas and get
the consent of the State.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But that obli-
gation should be put into the charter of the
Texas Pacific; and we should not attempt by
congressional action to put an additional
authority into a State charter.
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to ask my
friend from Maine one question, and 1 do it
sincerely for information for the purpose of
getting his view of it. I take it there is no
doubt that Congress could charter a railroad
from Washington to Chicago. It could incor-
porate citizens of the different States for that
purpose. Now, in the State of Illinois, for
instance, there are a great variety of legal
persons; there are males and females, and
corporations; T have named three classes.
Now, may not Congress incorporate, or, what
is the same thing, confer a franchise upon John
Smith and Tom Jones and Richard Roe and
the Illinois Central Railroad Company to do
a certain thing, treating a corporation of that
State as a legal person of that State, confer-
ring upon it with individuals the same right
that it could confer upon individuals alone?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
attaches any importance to the association—I
do not know whether he does or not 
Mr. CARPENTER. The association is only
important to illustrate what 1 mean.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, if the Senator
attaches any importance to the fact that he
associates persons with a corporation, that in
one proposition. If that is only put by way of
illustration, then I will not make any remark
about that. But, I will answer the Senator
that I do not agree with him at, all, that there
is no doubt about the fact that Congress may
charter a railroad from Washington to Chicago
through the States; but I maintain that the
authorities are all the other way. From the
beginning of the Government down, the Gov-
ernment has been careful upon that question.
In the very beginning and all the way through
our history, whenever an intelligent recogni-
tion of that subject has been had in Congress,
it has never undertaken to exercise the right
of eminent domain for any purnose in any
State without the consent of the Slate. Begin-
ning now with our very early history, when it
was contemplated to build the great national
way across the Alleghany mountains from our
national^ capital, Congress, entertaining the
proposition, provided m the very first act that
the consent of the States through which that
road was to run should be first had. And if
you will look through the acts of Congress,
running back as far as 1700, I think, when this
project was contemplated, the action of Con-
gress was predicated upon the supposition that
it was necessary to obtain the consent of those
States to making the road ; and itprovided for
that assent, and it had the assent of those Le-
gislatures formally granted boforeitwas entered
upon. From that period down, so far as I
know or believe, and so far as I am informed
and understand, that principle has run through
the whole history of this country.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Iconcur with the Senator
from Maine entirely in his view of the Constitu-
tion ; but how can he say that that view has
governed Congress in the face of the fact that
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company is
authorized to make its road through the State
of Minnesota ; that the Union Pacific Com-
pany is authorized to make its road through
the State of Nebraska; that the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company is authorized to
make its road through the State of Texas, and
that, the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany is authorized to make its road through
Missouri and Arkansas ; and that this very
charter before us authorizes the making of a
road not only through Texas, but also through
California?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend did not quite apprehend what I said. I
said that from the earliest period down until
we authorized railroads to be constructed
across the country between the Missouri and
the Sierra Nevada such had been our prac-
tice ; and there is no question about it.
Mr. THURMAN. That is true.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This legislation
which the honorable Senator has alluded to I
characterized as exceptional.
Mr. THURMAN. And unconstitutional.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Thoroughly
unconstitutional. I have not the slightest
doubt in saying that. I have no hesitation in
answering in the most unqualified manner that
it has never had my assent at any period of
this legislation. But the Senator understands
that the legislation to which we are alluding
here came upon us at a very exceptional
period in the history of this country. He will
find that all these charters were granted during
the period of war when it could hardly be said
that there was an intelligent recognition of
what we were doing in this regard. That is
what I meant by what I said in response to the
remarks of the Senator from Wisconsin. The
charter of the, Union Pacific Railway Compaay
was secured, it will be remembered, in 1862.
Mr. CARPENTER. Do I understand my
friend from Maine to hold that all these char-
ters are unconstitutional ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So far as the
Statt>s are concerned. I do not believe that
Congress was authorized to grant them through
the States without the consent, of the States.
Mr. CARPENTER. The States have noth-
ing to do with it. Congress either had the
power or it had not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
that is a clear question at all. That question
