2610
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
was mooted very early, and my honorable
friend will find that it was discussed at a very
early period of the Government, and there
was a great contrariety of opinion upon it.
The majority of opinion is the other way,
that the assent of the State will cure it.
Mr. CARPENTER. It seems remarkable
to me. Here is a charter passed by Congress;
and when Congress gives it what validity it
can give it, it is either a constitutional act or
an unconstitutional act. There is 110 such
thing as its being constitutional as to some per-
sons and unconstitutional as to others. The
question is whether it is a proper exercisc of
any power conferred upon Congress. If it is
not, then it is void. If it is, it is perfectly
valid, no matter who likes it or who dislikes it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that to be the view of the honorable Senator;
but I have just been saying that there is a con-
trariety of opinion on that subject, and the
majority of opinion is that with the consent
of the State it can be done. That is no new
proposition; it is as old as this question, which
began very early in the history of the Govern-
ment.
I hope we shall engage no more in such
legislation. The only apology for it is that it
was at a period of the country when we were
doing these things under circumstances when
it was hardly to be expected that there would
be an intelligent recognition of it. But that is
not the question here. So much for the first
proposition, which the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin says is a proposition without doubt.
It is without doubt in my judgment, but on
the other side. That is not this question by
any means at all.
The point here is whether the Congress of
the United States can confer this power upon
a private State corporation. I do not think
it can, and I think there is an obvious distinc-
tion between the two things. If there were no
doubt about the other proposition, I should say
there was very great doubt about this.
Mr. CARPENTER. This is an exceed-
ingly important point, and 1 desire not to have
it pass without stating the view which I enter-
tain upon it, because it is important in other
matters more than in this particular case.
I do not enteitain the slighest doubt of the
power of Congress to build a roud from
Washington to Chicago, or Washington to
San Francisco, or between any two points in
the United Slates, and to locate the road and
exercise the right of eminent domain for the
purpose of building it, and to put it in com-
plete operation, either in its own name as its
own property, or to authorize a corporation to
do it for and on its behalf.
There are two or three heads of Federal
power under which, it seems to me, there can
be no question that Congress possesses this
right, lake, for instance, the power to estab-
lish post offices and post roads. What does
that mean? " The Congress shall have power
to establish post offices and post roads." Can
there be any doubt that Congress can build a
post road from Washington to San Francisco,
and build it of iron, copper, brass, wood, or
brick, ot mud, or anything else it chooses to
make it with ? Again :
"The Congress shall have power to rogulato com-
merce with loreign nations, and among the several
States."
What do we mean by regulating commerce ?
What do we mean by regulating foreign com-
merce? Why, that we can build harbors, that
we can dredge rivers, that we Can build light
houses and all the conveniences for commerce.
The regulation of commeicG includes facili-
tating commeicp. If you may bniid a harbor
in New York, if you may improve any of the
Atlantic coast harbors, you may do any other
act which the convenience and necessity of
commerce demands. Your power over com-
merce between the States is as ample and com-
plete as it is over commerce with foreign
nations, and if you may build a harbor to
facilitate foreign commerce, you may build a
harbor or a railroad to facilitate internal com-
merce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is there any
limitation of the power of the Government in
regard to commerce?
Mr. CARPENTER. There are limitations
upon it, but not with reference to this; for in-
stance, theregulations must beuniform through
the States as to duties, and so on.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I mean, have
the States any limitation on that power?
Mr. CARPENTER. Not the slightest.
Here is a theory, which I think ought never to
be lost sight of, about the Constitution of the
United States. My theory of State rights, my
theory of Federal rights, is that we should
hold steadily in mind this great fact, that the
Constitution of the United States was otdained
and established for the purpose of making a
separation of sovereign powers and a distribu-
tion of them between the States and the Union.
It was not the design of the Constitution to
cripple, impair, or abolish any right of sover-
eignty. Take, for iustance, the right of regu-
lating commerce. The question was where
the power should be located. The Convention
took it from the States and located it in the
Federal Government. Now, the Federal Gov
eminent has as complete power over the regu-
lation of commerce as Russia has, except as
it is restricted by the express provisions of the
Constitution. Take the war power Except,
as that power is restricted by the Constitution
itself, we have as great a power and as com-
plete control over the whole subject, and over
all the means and methods of waifare, as Russia
has, or Turkey, or any other nation on earth.
In other words, the sovereign power of mak-
ing war is lodged in this Government, and is
supreme in this Government except as it is
regulated and limited by provisions in the Con-
stitution. Take the power over commerce.
Whatever England may do, whatever other
nations have done under this head, we can do
if we are not hampered by the Constitution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Are we?
Mr. CARPENTER. Not in this respect
that we are talking about now. We are ham-
pered as to the duties we shall levy ; we can
make no regulation of commerce levying duties
which shall discriminate between the States ;
we cannot require a ship going from one State
to another State to enter and pay tribute.
These are specific limitations placed upon the
power to regulate commerce ; and if the Con-
stitution took out of the power to regulate
commerce the power to build a harbor or to
build a light house or to build a railroad, then
we could not do either ; but it has put no such
restriction upon the power, and the power of
this Government to regulate commerce except
in the particulars excepted by the Constitu-
tion is as absolute and supreme as the power
of Russia to regulate commerce.
Now, then, the question here comes as to
the right of eminent domain. It is said we
cannot exercise that, and that seems to me
to be the strangest proposition in the whole
series. In the first place, the Constitution of
the United-States establishes a Government;
that Government must needs have forts and
arsenals and post offices and other public
buildings for the transaction of the business
of the Government. The Constitution does
not say that Congress shall have power to
build a Capitol or a post office. These are
incidental powers; they are covered and em-
braced in the fact that you have created a
Government, and that your Government must
have a place to dwell in and transact your busi-
ness in. But here is a limitation put upon that
power which is implied in the very creation
of Government, put here by the fifth amend-
ment to the Constitution:
"Nor shall private property be taken for public
use, without just compensation."
What is the meaning of that? That is a
restriction upon a power. What power ? The
power which everybody knew was vested in
the Government of the United States from the
mere fact that it was made a Government and
not a Jeague or alliance between independent
States. The Constitution created a Govern-
ment. It has the power of a Government.
Then comes in the fifth amendment to prevent
abuseofthis conceded power by saying, "True,
you may take private property for public use,
but you shall not take private property for
public use without just compensation."
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President—-
Mr. POMEROY. I think if we go on with
this discussiou about the Constitution we shall
never come to any vote on this bill. I want
to offer my contribution by way of substitute
for this whole section. I think we shall run
clear of the Constitution in it, at any rate.
My contribution is simply as a matter of sug-
gestion to these Senators. If they do not
choose to accept it, I will not force it to a vote.
It is to put the section in this form :
Sec. G. That any railroad compa.ny duly author-
ized by the States of Arkansas and Texas, shall have
the right to connect with the Texas and Pacific rail-
road in Texas, upon just and fair terms, and if the
companies fail to agree upon terms, the same shall
be fixed by the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. CONIvLlNG. By permission of the
Senator from Ohio, if he is going to discuss
this question, I wish he would state his view
as to there being any distinction—I have been
reflecting upon it for a moment, and 1 am at
a loss to know whether there is a distinction,
between the power of Congress to authorize
the construction of a railroad through a State
by a direct and original charter of its own,
and the power of Congress to authorize that
same construction under a charter granted by
a State. In other words, we have held too
often to doubt it now that we have a right to
adopt a charter granted by a State and then
confer rights upon those operating undei> that
charter as to the State in which the charter
exists. N'ow, 1 invite the Senator's attention
to the question whether there be any distinc-
tion between the power of Congress to adopt
that chatter as an instrumentality, projecting
a railroad through an additional State, and
by original action of our own, without refer-
ence to a State charter providing that the
same thing may be done..
When the Senator from Maine first made the
suggestion of a distinction between our legis-
lation in this respect, I was willing to accept
it as a matter of fact, though I do not know
whether it is a matter of fact in all eases,
though it certainly is in some; but upon re-
flection I was led to doubt whether he who
affirms the power of Congress to construct a
railroad through one State crossing the line
of another and through that, can at the same
time say that that power may not be exercised
by adopting a charter granted by a State for
a corporation residing in a certain State, and
conferring upon that the power to go further.
If there is a distinction, 1 wish the Senator
when he comes to it in the line of his remarks
will point it out.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 would like very much
to discuss this question; but, in the first place,
the hour in the afternoon forbids it, and, in
the second place, I am very well aware that
there is no discussion not only more uninter-
esting but more irksome to the Senate than a
discussion upon the provisions of the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, by no means; you
are mistaken.
Mr. THURMAN. I say it is especially so
when the Constitution and the desires of a
railroad company aie in conflict Then it is
almost impossible for the Senate to listen, and
I say this without any disrespect to the Sen-
ate. I am not accustomed to treat anybody
and certainly not a body to which I belong,
