1714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 15,
ST. CROIX AND LAKE SUPERIOR RAILROAD.
Mr. RUSK. I call for the regular order of
ess
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will resume the eonsid-
eration of the unfinished business of yesterday,
being Senate bill No. 565, to extend the time
to the State of Wisconsin to complete a road
from Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior, upon
which, and the amendments pending thereto,
the main question has been ordered. The first
question will be upon the amendment reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, and the
amendments to the amendment. The Clerk
will report the amendment moved by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredse] to
the amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out of the amendment to seotion one the
following :
Or as granting to said State any lands in lieu of
which other lands might be selected by said North-
ern Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. KETCHAM. Am I not entitled to the
floor for one hour, as the organ of the com-
mittee reporting this bill, for the purpose of
closing the debate ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is enti-
tled to an hour to close the debate, if he
claims it.
Mr. KETCHAM. Then I propose to oc-
cupy it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will not allow this debate to run on
longer, but let the vote be now taken.
Mr. KETCHAM. In the discussion of this
measure 1 intended to be perfectly fair, so far
as the division of time was concerned. I sup-
posed the understanding yesterday was that
the time was to be divided equally between
the friends and tho opponents of this bill.
The first two hours were so divided. But the
last hour was occupied almost entirely by the
friends of the bill, to the exclusion of those on
tho other side who desired to be heard. Now,
for the purpose of accommodating those gen-
tlemen, I propose to yield the most if not all
of my time. I will first yield to the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Air. Strong] for ten
minutes. ■
Mr. STRONG. It was not my intention to
make any remarks upon the bill now before
the House, nor should I say anything now,
except for the unwarrantable assault by the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Congek,] in
his remarksof yesterday, upon the State which
I have .the hontor in part to represent. The
gentleman made use of this language :
"And yet wo learn that the people of Connecticut
have instructed their Kepresentatives in this House
to come here and vote against the appropriation of
an acre of land in tho now Territories or tho new
States to build our roads.
" Shame to Connecticut, thatreserved its hundreds
of thousands and millions of acres of the very best
lands of Ohio, bordering for a hundred miles upon
Lake Erie. She reserved to herself that land and
sold it to the settlers of Ohio, compelling the settlers
of northern Ohio to build roads through it at their
own expense, thus increasing tho yalue of tho Con-
necticut lands there by tho energy and labor of the
early immigrants to that region, in order that Con-
necticut might be able to put more money into her
treasury from the sale of the lands she had reserved
to herself in the State of Ohio."
Mr. Speaker, a gentleman hailing from a
State born more than half a century after the
closing agonies of the revolutionary war could
not be expected to be very familiar with the
early annals of the Republic ; and I am happy
to believe that if the honorable member from
Michigan had been thoroughly acquainted with
the history of good old Connecticut he would
never, even in the heat of debate upon a favor-
ite bill, hav.e indulged in the contemptuous
sneer just quoted. He certainly is incapable
of willfully falsifying history, and I make no
question that his gross libel upon the people
of  my State sprang from erroneous impres-
sions received by him from some unfriendly
source.
Sir, can Connecticut be justly reproached
for having saved from her cession of 1786 the
territory commonly called the Western Ke-
serve ? Let us recur for a moment to the rev-
olutionary period. What part did Connecticut
play in that long and bloody war for the
rights of man, and how did she conduct after
the war was over and peace proclaimed? Did
she then aet selfishly and unpatriotically to-
ward her sister States ? I point to the record
with pride. Connecticut, small as she was in
population, furnished more soldiers for the
revolutionary war than any other State save
one, and that was the State of Massachusetts,
then comprising the territory now covered by
the States of Massachusetts and Maine. Con-
necticut was then the eighth State in popula-
tion, and yet she kept more troops in the field
than any other but Massachusetts. She had
less than one third of the population of sev-
eral other States, and yet her soldiers went
forth in much larger numbers for the common
defense.
The following table, derived from the report
of General Knox to Congress, in 1790, in
obedience to a call on the War Department
by the House of Representatives, shows the
number of regular soldiers furnished by each
State to the war of the Revolution, (see
National Intelligencer, October 7, 1850:)
New Hampshire..  12,497 141,8-91
Massachusetts, including Maine... 67,097 475,257
Rhode Island  5,908 69,110
Connecticut  31,959 238,141
New York  17,781 340,120
New Jersey  10,726 181,1B'J
Pennsylvania   25,678 434,373
Delaware  2,386 59,098
Maryland  13,912 319,728
Virginia  26,678 748,308
North Carolina  7,263 393,751
South Carolina   6,417 249,073
Georgia    2,509 82,548
Total 231,971 2,820,959
Let it also be borne in mind that she entered
upon that great struggle after having been ex-
hausted by protracted Indian and French wars,
not carried on alone wilhin her own borders,
but upon the territory of adjacent States, and
that in her exhausted condition she cheerfully
assumed the burden of the Revolution and did
her full part in men, in money, and in supplies.
Strange as it may seem at this day, she was
then called " the provision State." Often, very
often, sir, did Washington appeal to Brother
Jonathan to furnish food and clothing for his
suffering army, and never did he appeal in
vain. Thus much only have I time to utter
in relation to the part played by my State in
the drama of independence.
The war being ended, the rights and claims
of the several States then properly came up
for settlement.
Connecticut was entitled by the Warwick
patent, bearing date March 19, 1031, to the
mainlands "from the Western ocean to the
South sea," and by the charter of Charles II,
to territory " running from east to west; that
is to say, from the said Narragausett bay
in the east to the South sea on the west
part." This broad extent of territory was
given to her long before any part of it was
granted to any other colony. Nevertheless,
as soou as the war was over, she was shorn
of possessions which honestly and properly
belonged to her. The rich and beautiful Wyom-
ing valley was claimed by the State of Penn-
sylvania, and after a bitter and protracted
contest it was held by her by virtue of an
award of arbitration which was agreed upon
and sanctioned by act of Congress. We owned
the Wyoming valley by grant from the king ;
we owned it by purchase from the Indians; and
we were entitled to it by actual occupancy ;
nevertheless, it was taken from us and given
to Pennsylvania. In the selection of arbitra-
tors, this time at least, the Yankee was over-
reached by the Pennsylvanians. I do not
allude to this matter for the purpose of fault-
finding, but simply to vindicate the truth of
history. Pennsylvania has taken, good care
of Wyoming, and we do not complain.
Again, sir, although entitled to a broad belt
of territory reaching through to the Pacific, we
gave up all to the Federal Government except
the tract known as the Connecticut Reserve,
which comprised three million five bundled
thousand acres. Millions of acres, which have
since been appropriated to the building "of
railroads in the western country, belonged to
our State and were ceded by her to the
United States. We reserved a tract in Ohio;
that is all. The State of Virginia, although
she had furnished less men and fewer supplies
than we during the revolutionary war, saved
in the States of Kentucky and Ohio mora
than three times the land contained in the West-
ern Reserve. Has anybody ever charged Vir-
ginia with selfishness or want of patriotism in
this matter? I think not; neither can that
charge be justly brought against Connecticut.
Sir, this complaint against old Connecticut
comes with an ill grace from a gentleman
hailing from a State so young as not to have
had born upon its soil a single one of its dis-
tinguished members on this floor; a State
which has never received anything but kind-
ness from the "land of steady habits;" and
may I not truthfully add, with more New Eng-
land blood in the veins of its citizens than any
other State possesses west of Ohio? I say it
comes with an ill grace from him to complain
of the conduct of Connecticut because she did
not go out into the Western Reserve and con-
struct railroads and make other internal im-
provements for the enterprising people there.
No, that country was able to take care of
itself, and it is to-day one of the richest, best-
educated, and most prosperous sections in our
broad land. Sir, if the people of new Con-
necticut have any cause of complaint against
the parent State, they will make it known
through their able Representatives here. They
will not trouble the gentleman from Michigan
with their grievances. But, sir, what did Con-
necticut do with her reserved lands ? She gave
five hundred thousand acres in 1792 to the citi-
zens of the towns of Norwalk, Danbury, Pair-
field, New London, and Groton, to compensate
them in part for the destruction of their prop-
erty by the British troops when they invaded
our territory. Many of them moved thither
and settled.
Nor did Connecticut hold on to the rest of
that territory, wait for improvements, and then
sell it out. I have here the history of my
State; and it shows that in 1795 Connecticut
sold her three million acres in the Western
Reserve for the sum of $1,200,000, and conse-
crated the whole of the proceeds to the edu-
cation of her children. She appropriated
every dollar to the upbuilding of her com-
mon-school system, whose beneficent influ-
ences have been witnessed and admired by
succeeding generations. Let the census tell
tho.story of its success. Sir, we did not sell
our land piecemeal to replenish our depleted
treasury. We made a single sale and conse-
crated the proceeds to the purposes of educa-
tion for all time.
But, sir, I cannot longer dwell upon the
early history of my State. I come down to a
recent period, and inquire, what has so moved
the ire of the distinguished gentleman from
Michigan? He says, "Shame upon Connecti-
cut, because her people in convention declare
that no more land grants shall be made to
railroad and other corporations!" Sir, I take
issue with him. Is it right that this vast do-
main of ours, already so far depleted by these
giants, shall all be given up to these corpora-
tion cormorants who are haunting these Halls?
This bill does not stand alone. This grant is
not asked for by the State of Wisconsin on
the ground of necessity. That State does not
come here and say that she cannot build this
road, that she cannot develop her resources
without this grant. No, no; that is not the
ground. Here is a rich corporation, a cor-
