818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 584) concerning the publication of the
official Army Register; which was read twicc
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
585) amendatory of an act entitled "An act
donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
approved July 2, 1862, and acts amendatory
thereto; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBOllN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
586) for the relief of Ellen Call Long, only
child and heir of Bit-hard Ii. Call, deceased;
which was lead twicc by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be piinled.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 587) in relation to pensions; which was
. read twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. T wish to say that I offer
this bill by request, not having had an oppor-
tunity to examine it or being able to judge of
its merits.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Pensions, and, with theaccompanying papers,
ordered to be printed.
ILLINOIS COURT UECOltDS.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (S.
No. 353) to restore the records of the United
States courts in the. northern district of Illi-
nois; which was ordered to be printed.
TAUIl'l' I.KUISLA'l'ION KHI'ORT.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing :
Ji't'Kojvcd, (tho House of Ueprosontativos concur-
ring) iliat sevmi thousand conies of tho report of
Let ward Younit. chief of tlio Bureau of StatW.ics,
on ousiouis-tiinH legislation bo printed, four thou-
sand lor Iho JIonsH, two thousand for tho Senate
ynd one thousand bound for tho uso of the Treasury
Department.
AMHNDMKNT TO TUB HULKS.
Mr. NflKRMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the select
Commit'ee on Revision of tho Rules:
JU-mlmi, That tho rules bonmouded by adding:
Petitions and memorials other than the momorials
otahtiito Legislature shall hereafter bo presented
to tlieheeretnij', and shall beontoredou tho Journal,
and .Shall l>o lelerred ami disposed of as the Sonator
Piesentim: thoin may request."
MANUFACTURE OP ItKSSWMKK iSTKKL.
Mr. MORION. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Z/eWiW. That the cheap inarm iaetureof Bessemer
fteo! tor rails and other purposes for which mud steel
Jtiity ho upphed au object of national importance.
I desire to say that at some future day I shall
ask the Senate to take up this resolution with
the view of submitting some remarks on the
subject, ot tho manufacture of ReNsemer steel
and in that connection [ shall call the atten-
tion of the Senate and of the country to the
bioek-eoals of Indiana, and to offer evidence to
show that for the manufacture of iron they are
unsurpassed, if they arc equaled, by any coals
upon tins continent, and that for the manufac-
ture ot steel they are perhaps not equaled by
the coals of any other country. In that con-
nection, also, I shall suggest the importance of
a liberal appropriation for the improvement of
the Micmgan City harbor, with a view of bring-
ing the iron ores of Lake Superior into the
neighborhood of the Indiana coal fields.
OltUUU 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT, ill mornin<r
Hour is just expiring. **
Mr. BOREMAN. I have risen to appeal to
the Senate to take up a bill which was reported
by the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott]
to-day, and I will make a statement of the case
in a few words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
first call up tho unfinished business, and the
Senator can then ask unanimous consent to
have the unfinished business set aside. The
unfinished business of Thursday's session is
House bill No. 380, pending which the Sena-
tor from West Virginia desires to make a state-
ment.
Mr. BOREMAN. It is a bill for the relief
of Mary Clark, widow of Leonard Clark. The
bill passed both Houses at the last session of
the last Congress, ar.d was lost in being carried
to the President. It is a bill making an appro-
priation for her benefit for the services of her
husband as a scout during the war. There is
a written report which was printed at the last
Congress. After a discussion in this body, it
was passed and went to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and passed there about the last day
of the session, and having met the approbation
of both Houses and gone to the President,
being lost in that way, I think the Senate
would have no hesitation in passing it again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia asks unanimous consent for the
present consideration of the bill named by him
under the circumstances stated.
Mr. TRUMHCJLL. We can take it up some
morning hour. Let us go on with the regular
order now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois objects to passing by the amnesty bill.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. li. No. 380) for the removal of legal
and political disabilities imposed by the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States, the
pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Robkutson, to postpone the bill and proceed to
the consideration of the bill (H, R. No. 1050)
for the removal of legal and political disabili-
ties imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United Slates.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw my motion
to postpone this bill, in order to make another
motion. Before doing that, I will say that my
object m making this motion is to ascertain
the views of Senators as to which bill they
prefer. 1 now move to lay on the table the
pending bill, for the purpose of taking up the
last bill passed by the House, No. 1050, which
has only two exceptions in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. House bill No.
3K0 being now before the Senate, with the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. SuMXKtt] pending, the Senator from
South_ Carolina [Mr. Robertson] moves that
tho bill and amendment lie on the table,
giving notice that if that motion shall prevnil
he intends to move to take up another amnesty
bill from the House of Representatives, which
he states has fewer exceptions in it. The ques-
tion is on laying on the table the pending bill
Mr. TRUMBULL. Upon time motion let
us have the yeas and nays.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Blair, Davis of West Virginia
I onion, ierry ot Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Hill!
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly,Logan, Norwood, Rob-
ertson, bchurz. Scott, Stevenson, Stockton. Tfaur-
mvVv*pt£r• •i-rurokuU, and Vickers—20.
xnA lb—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, iioreman,Brown-
low, Ca dwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Colo, Corbott.Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Mich-
igan, ilanagan, l<relmghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton
ot iexas, liamhn, Harlan, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Osborn,Pomeroy, Pool, Sherman,Spencer,
buiSiQeTWXes5vU lIson/ Wrodom, and Wright-33.
AitoiiiNi—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Buckingham,
Casserly, Conkhngr, Copper, Davis of Kentucky,
Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Mor-
rill ot Maine, Patterson, Pratt. Ramsey. lUce, Sauis-
bury, bawyer, bprague, and Stewart—20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs now on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr, Sumner, j
Mr. CARPENTER. Is it in order at this '
time to move a substitute for the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend the.
amendment by substituting for it what I send'
to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro-
posed to be substituted will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Sec. —. "Whoever being a corporation or natural-
person and owner, or in charge of any public inn.
orofany place of public amusement or entertain-,
ment tor which a license from any legal authority
is required, or of any line ot'stage-coaches, railroad,
or other means of public carriage of passengers or
freight, or of any cemetery or other benevolent insti- "
tutions, or any public school supported at public
expense or by endowment for public use, shall make
any distinction as to admission or accommodation
therein of any citizen of the United States because
of race, color, nationality, or previous condition of
servitude, shall, on conviction thereof, be fined not
less than $501) or more than $5,000 for each offense*
to be recovered by information filed by the district
attorney in any court having jurisdiction, upon the
complaint of anyperson injured, one half to the use
of the united States, and one half to the use of the
complainant.
Sec. 2. That the offenses under this act may be
prosecuted before any territorial, district, or circuit
court of the United States, having jurisdiction of
entiles at tho place where tho offense was charged
to have been committed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. I call for the yeas
and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. Will not the Senator
from Wisconsin point out wherein this differs
from the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts ?
Mr. CARPENTER. This amendment omits
all regulation of churches.
Mr. POMEROY. Is that all?
Mr. CARPENTER. It puts the basis of
Federal interference, not upon the mere fact
that these benevolent institutions are incor-
porated, but upon the fact that they are sup-
ported by taxation or endowment for public
use.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. More than
one class?
Mr. CARPENTER. All.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I think not,
if it is correctly printed in the Globe.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have not ex-
amined the amendment. Is it subject to the
criticism that it only applies to inns and rail-
roads that are supported at public expense?
Mr. CARPENTER. Notatall. itiserro-*
neously printed if it is so. The object of this
substitute's to base Federal interference in all
these institutions upon the fact that they are
supported at the public expense.
Mr. SCOTL'. The reading of the proposed
substitute suggests one question to me which
I, wish to address to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. It applies to schools or colleges which
are " supported by endowment for public
use." Is the language such as to make it
applicable to schools and colleges which have
been endowed by private benefactions for the
use of the public of any particular class that
may be enumerated?
Mr. CARPENTER. That is the intention
of it., and I think it does. If the endowment
is tor public use, then the public are entitled
to the benefit of it.
Mr. SCOTT. Do I understand, then, that
the pioposed substitute would control the
intention of the benefactor, it' he, in making
the endowment, has made it applicable only
to certain classes and conditions?
Mr. CARPENTER. No, sir, I should not
understand that to be an endowment for a
public use, but for a particular and specified
use; and this would not override it.
. NORWOOD. I wish to say a few words
in reference to the question put by the Sea-, -
ator from Kansas as to what are the differences
between the amendment offered by the Senator
irom Massachusetts and the amendment offered
