1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2611
with disrespect. But when the necessities, as
it is supposed, of improvement in the country
and the opinions of practical men who will not
look at the necessities of a Constitution in a
country come in conflict, I know very well that
practical men are apt to regard all discussion
upon the Constitution of the country as simply
the exercise of legal or professional ingenuity.
I shall not therefore venture to make an elab-
orate argument upon this question, if I were
ever so well prepared to do it. The truth of
it is that it is a question which has been dis-
cussed from almost the foundation of the Gov-
ernment down to this day. It is an extremely
large question. It has not only been discussed
in Congress, but it has been discussed in the
aourts, and he who attempts to debate it ought
to have ample time and opportunity and ample
preparation.
Mr. President, before I proceed I ask that
the amendment now under consideration may
be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out "Grand Tower and Pacific" and
insert •'Cairo and Fulton."
Mr. RICE. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that we vote on that before the discus-
sion of the other question.
Mr. THURMAN. If it is a mere change
in the corporation, very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A change in corporation.
Mr. RICE. I am opposed to it.
Mr. THURMAN. Really the subject mat-
ter of the controversy seems to be this:
whether or not you shall undertake to confer
on this corporation, whether it be the Giand
Tower and Sati Diego Railroad Company, a
corporation organized under the laws of Ark-
ansas, or whether it be the Cairo and some
other company, a corporation created under
the laws of some other State 
Mr. RICE. No, Arkansas also.
Mr. THURMAN. Of Arkansas too.
Mr. CLAY TON. Arkansas and Missouri.
Mr. THURMAN. The question is whether
you will confer upon them the powers con-
tained in this section, to wit:
To survey, lay out, locate, and construct, fur-
nish. maintain, and operate and enjoy a continuous
railroad and telegraph line,with the appurtenances,
from a point near Fulton, in the State of Arkansas,
by the most eligible route, to some point on the line
of the Texas and Pacific Kail way Company not west
of Dallas, in the State of Texas; and the right of
way is hereby granted to said company to the extent
of one hundred feet in width on each side of said
railroad line, including all necessary grounds for
stations, eating-houses, workshops, depots, machine-
shops, side-tracks, switches, turn-tables, and water-
stations, not exceeding torty acres, for said purposes
at any one point, and at distances not leas than five
miles; and the right of way across the lands of pri-
vate persons shall be obtained in the same manner
' and by the same means as is provided for pi injuring
the right of way bv the Texas and Pacific Railway
Company: which GrandTower andSan Diego Pacific
Railroad Company—
Or Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company, as
the case may be—
shall have the right to connect with the said The
Texas and Pacific Railway Company on equal terms
with other roads, and with all the rights of said last-
named company, as to construction, maintenance,
and operation of the road hereby authorized ••Pro-
vided, That said Grand Tower and San Diego Pacific
Railroad Company shall not be entitled to any
public lands of the United States.
Mr. President, before I proceed to consider
the grave and fundamental questions which
have been suggested, there is one thing that
strikes me as a very singular thing in this pro-
vision. The United States owns not one loot
of land in the State of Texas, so far as I know.
That being the case, we have the singular spec-
tacle presented of Congress attempting to give
to a corporation created by the laws of Ark-
ansas alone land in the State of lexas to
which the Government of the United States
has no title whatsoever.
The next singular proposition is that you
undertake to add to the powers of a State
corporation. You undertake to give to a
State corporation powers that that corpor-
ation does not under its State charter enjoy ;
and that I deny can be done, wholly irrespect-
ive of the question what power Congress has
to charter railroad companies or to make
railroads through States. A recurrence to a
few of the fundamental principles of the law
on the subject of corporations, or even one
fundamental principle, ought to be sufficient to
settle this matter.
A corporation is an artificial being, possess-
ing such powers as are conferred upon it by
its charter, and none others whatsoever. It
is wholly the creature of law; it has no nat-
ural rights whatsoever; and the rule is uni-
versal that it can exercise no powers but such
as are expressly conferred upon it, or such as
result by necessary implication. That being
the case, when the State of Arkansas has
created a corporation authorized to make a
road in the State of Arkansas alone, that is a
corporation or being which has 110 faculty to
accept any enlargement of its authority from
any other power than the State of Arkansas.
The State of Arkansas has created it. created
it with certain restricted powers, and it has no
authority, and cannot have authority except by
the assent of the State of Arkansas, to accept
any addition to its corporate franchises what-
ever. I do not know what powers are given
to these corporations by the charter of the
State of Arkansas, and 111 the absence of any
proof here that the State of Arkansas has
authorized these corporations to go beyond
that State, I deny that there is any power in
this world that can confer upon them a power
to go beyond that State. You may, if you
have the power to create another corporation,
■extend it; but you have 110 power to inteifere
with the legislation of the State of Arkansas,
and confer upon one of its corporations a
power that that State does not see fit to con-
fer itself.
What is the railroad law? Why, even where
a State has incoiporated a railroad company
for a particular purpose, as to run from A to
B, and the Legislature of the same State after-
ward declares it shall have power to run, not
simply from A to B, but A to C, beyond the
terminus of its original charter, unless that
corporation accepts that provision extending
its powers it has no right whatever to go
beyond the original terminus in its charter.
If it does accept the power, then the weight
of authority is that a dissenting stockholder
may restrain it from proceeding, or at least
using any part of the money that he has con-
tributed to the corporation in order to make
the extension; and in -England the right is
absolutely restrained; in this country it is not.
Mr. CARPENTER. The question whether
you can authorize a corporation to do a cer-
tain thing and the question whether you can
compel them to do it are different things.
Mr. THURMAN. I know they are very
different things, but what I say is that you
cannot authorize a corporation to depart from
the original object of the charter. For in-
stance, suppose a Legislature were to incorpo-
rate a railroad company, and a subsequent
Legislature of the same State should pass an
act saying that that company need not build
a railroad but might go into the business of
banking, any stockholder who had subscribed
to it as a railroad corporation might enjoin it
from accepting this amendment to its charter.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend calls my
attention to that. Let me call his attention to
the effect of what he is saying. That may all
be so, but that simply comes to this: that the
corporation does not consent in a legal way to
accept the new franchise conferred on it; that
is all.
Mr. THURMAN. That proves this: that
even the Legislature itself, that created the
corporation, has no power, in violation of the
rights of those who have subscribed to the
stock, to change the purpose and object of
that corporation. That is what it proves. I
know very well that the law as it is adminis-
tered in England on this subject is not accord-
ing to the current of American decisions,
with the exception of the State of Vermont,
where they have adhered to the English rule
011 that subject; and that we do allow corpo-
rations, by the consent of the Legislature that
created them, to have enlarged powers far
beyoud those granted in the original charter to
promote which the subscribers to the stock of
the company made their subscriptions: but in
almost every act of that kind, and certainly in
every one that has been sustained by the courts,
there is the privilege given to a dissenting
stockholder to have pay for his stock, and to
withdraw from the concern.
But here is a proposition that a wholly differ-
ent sovereignty than the sovereignty of the
Slate of Arkansas shall confer upon a corpor-
ation chartered by Arkansas, with the funds sub-
scubed by the stockholders under the charier
of Arkansas, a power to use its funds, which
the Legislature of Arkansas said should be
used to build a road in Arkansas, to build a
road in Texas. That is what it means. The
Legislature of Arkansas said, "We authorize
you, A B, C D, and E F, to be a corpor-
ation, to collect money by subscriptions to
your stock: we endow you with certain facul-
ties, all for the purpose of building a road in
the State of Arkansas.'' And now Congress
comes in and says, if this amendment is
adopted, "Y'oti may take those funds thus sub-
scribed to build a road in Arkansas and by
your charter limited to the building of a road
ill Arkansas and divert them to a wholly differ-
ent, purpose, to wit, to building a road in
Texas." IIow can any one say that there is
any authority for that?
Mr. President, I am not going into the ques-
tion about the power of Congress to charter
companies to build railroads. My own belief
about it is that that power cannot be found in
the Constitution. I know very well that a
strong argument can be made in favor of it.
I do not think the provision about post offices
and post roads at all authorizes it. I never dii
think so; but 1 will not take up the time of
the Senate with arguing that question. As to
the power to regulate commerce, it has always
been amazing to me that anybody could sup-
pose that a power to regulate, not to create,
a power simply to regulate, authorized Con-
gress to go 011 making any works of internal
improvements it pleased in the Republic.
Mr. CARPENTER. I would like to ask
my friend where he gets the power (0 improve
the haibor of New York, or to build alight-
house on the Atlantic coast?
Mr. THURMAN. 1 know very well what
that argument is, and I know very well how
much I have heard on that subject, and I
never could satisfactorily answer in my own
mind the question which the Senator has put
to me ; but it only proves that one bad prece-
dent may make another bad precedent. But
because you may do that, I do not think it
follows at all that you may enter upon the soil
that belongs to a State and make any improve-
ments that you please upon that. Nor will
the power to dispose of the territory of the
United States be sufficient lor this purpose. I
submit, that I never have known of but one
single clause of the Constitution that, in my
judgment, gave any strong color to this claim;
and that is the power to make war, to main-
tain an army and navy, end to suppiess insur-
rection ; for military roads may be necessi-
ties, railroads may become military necessi-
ties, and therefore that is the only chiute in
the Constitution which ever seemed to me to
contain anything like or approaching to a.
sufficient justification for the exercise of this,
power.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Constitution
gives Congress the right and power to levy
and make war and suppress insurrection.
Now, as an incident to that, it may build_ a
road over which to transport its troops, its
supplies, its militia, its ammunition, and so
forth. The Constitution also authorizes Con-
gress to establish post offices and post roads,
