1872.]
APPENDIX TO: THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
Laws of the United States.
42i> Cong....2d Sess.
for the term of two years from and after the I
passage of this act, and no longer, stejim-plow |
machinery, adapted' to the cultivation of the j
soil, may be imported by any person for his !
own use, free of duty, subject to such regu- i
Jaiiona of the Secretary of the Treasury as '
before provided. j
•Sec. ii. That ail imported goods, wares, and j
merchandise which maybe in the public stores
or bonded warehouses on the first day of Au- !
gujt, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, shall j
be subjected 10 no other duty upon the entry j
thereof for consumption than if the same were
imported respectively after that'day ; and all
gods, wares, and merchandise remaining in
bonded warehouses on the day and year this
ac.. shall take effect, and upon which the
duties shall have been paid, shall be entitled
to a refund of the difference between the
amount of duties paid and the- amount of
duties said goods, wares, and merchandise
would be subject to if the same were imported
respectively after that day. ,
Sec. 9. That where fire arms, scales, bal-
ances. shovels, spades, axes, hatchets, ham-
mers, plows, cultivators, mowing-machines,
and reapers manufactured with stocks^ or
handles made of wood grown in the United
Spates are exported for benefit ot drawback
under section four of the act of August fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and entitled,
" An act to provide increased reveuue from
imports, to pay iuterest on the public debt,
and lor other purposes," such articles shall
be entitled to such drawback, under that act,
in all cases when the imported material
exceeds one half of the value of the material
used.
Sec. 10. That from, and after the passage
of this act all lumber, timber, hemp, Manila,
and iron and steel rods, bars, spikes, nails,
and bolts, and copper and composition metal,
which may be necessary for the construction
aud equipment of vessels built in the United
States for the purpose of being employed in
the foreign trade, including the trade between
the Atlantic and Pacific ports of the United
States, and finished after the pkssage of this
act, may be imported in bond, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the '1 reasury
may prescribe; and upon proof that such
materials have been used for the purpose
aioresaid, no duties shall be paid thereon :
Provided, That vessels receiving the benefit
ot tnis section shall not be allowed to engage
in the coastwise trade of the United States
more than two months in any one year, except
upon the payment to the United btates of the
duties on which a rebate is herein allowed:
And provided further, That all articles of for-
eign production needed for the^ repair of
American vessels eugaged exclusively in for-
eign trade, may be withdrawn from bonded
warehouses free of duty, under such regula-
tions as the Secretary ot the Treasury may
prescribe. . r
Sec. 11. That the proviso in section four ot
an act entitled "An act to protect the reve-
nue, aud for other purposes,'1 approved July
twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, is hereby modified and amended so as to
read as follows: Provided,- 1 hat from and
after the date of the passage of this act,
imported salt in bond may be used in curing
fish, taken by vessels licensed to engage nuhe
fisheries, under such regulations as the bec_
retary of the Treasury snail prescribe ; and
upon proof that said salt has been used m
curing fish, the duties on the same shall be
remitted.
distilled spirits.
Sec. VI. That the act entitled "An act im-
posing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and lor other 'purposes,' approved . uly
twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
be and the same is hereby, amended as fol-
lows:
That section, one be amended by striking
out the word "fifty," and inserting in lieu
thereof the word "seventy Provided, never-
theless, That distilled spirits lawfully depos-
ited in a distillery bonded warehouse when this
act shall take effect may be withdrawn there-
from on payment of the taxes thereon at the
rate within the time and in the manner fixed
by law at the time of such deposit: Provided
further, That the special tax paid by distillers
prior to the taking effect of thi& act, which
h0,s not been exhausted by the quantity of
spirits distilled as provided by law, shall be
refunded upon proper application out of any
moneys atising from internal taxes not other-
wise appropriated ; and that said section be
further amended by striking out the words
" in excess of the number of gallons," and
inserting in lieu thereof the words " amount-
ing to one half gallon or over," and add after
the words " as a gallon" the words " and any
fractional part of a gallon less than one .half
gallon in any cask or package, shall be exempt
from tax."
That section two be amended -by striking
out the word "meters."
That section three be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting
in lieu thereof the following words: that the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue is hereby
authorized to order and require such changes
of or additions to distilling apparatus, con-
necting pipes, pumps, or cisterns, or any
machinery connected with or used in or on
the distillery premises, or may require to be
put on any ot the stills, tubs, cisterns, pipes,
or other vessels, such fastenings,- locks, or
seals as he may deem necessary.
That section seven be amended by striking
out the words "but in no case shall such
bond be made for a less sum than five thou-
sand dollars." . .
That section ten be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the following, to wit:
" that on the receipt of notice that any per-
son wishes to commence the business of dis-
tilling, the assessor shall proceed, at the ex-
pense of the United States, with the aid of
an assistant designated for the purpose by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to
make a survey of such distillery for the pur-
pose of estimating and determining its true
spirit-producing capacity for a day of twenty-
four hums, a written report of which survey
shall be made in triplicate, one copy of
which shall be delivered to the distiller, and
sliali take effect on and after the date of such
delivery, one copy retained by the assessor,
and the other transmitted to the Commis-
sioner of Internal .Revenue. In all surveys
under this act forty-five gallons of mash or
beer brewed or fermented from grain shall
represent not less than ope bushel of gram,
and seven gallons of mash or beer brewed
or fermented from molasses, shall represent
not less than one gallon of molasses, except
in distilleries operating on_ the_ sour-mash
principle, in. which distilleries sixty gallons
of beer brewed or fermented from gram
shall represent not less than one bushel of
o-rain. If the Commissioner of Internal liev-
enue shall at any time be satisfied that such
report of the capacity of any distillery is m
any respect incorrect or needs revision, he
shall direct the assessor to make, in like mati-
another survey of said distillery. +"
tier,
the
report of said survey to be made in triplicate
and deposited as hereinbefore provided. _
That, section eleven be amended b} striking
out, the words "any assessor to assess a
special tax upon" and the words "or fur
the collector to collect the same, or for any
distiller who has heretofore paid a special
tax as such to," and by inserting in lieu of
the last specified .words the words " to com-
mence or;" also, by striking out the worlds
'' assessor of internal revenue .to assess, or
for any collector to collect any special tax
for," and inserting in lieu of the last specified
words the words "person to, engage ia the
business of;" also, after the words "six hun-
dred feet," each time they occur, the words
" in a direct line."
That section twelve be amended by inserting
after the words "six hundred feet" the words
" in a direct line." . .
That section thirteen is hereby repealed.
That section fifteen be amended by insert-
ing after the word " manufacture " the words
" until the tax thereon shall have been paid."
That section sixteen be amended by striking
out the words " expeuse of the owner of the
distillery or warehouse." and inserting in lieu
thereof the words "at the expense of , the
United States from and after the passage of
this act."
That sectio n eighteen be amended by striking
out the words " not having paid the special
tax" and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" other-than a rectifier or wholesale liquor-
dealer who has pa-id the special tax, or a dis-
tiller who has given the bond," and inserting
after the words "who shall,put up" the
words "or keep up."
That section nineteen be amended by striking
out the words "eleventh" and "twenty-first"
and "if any false entry shall be made in either
of said books or any entry required to-be made
therein shall be omitted therefrom, for every
such false entry made, or omission, the distiller
shall forfeit, and pay a penalty of one,thousand
dollars," anjj the word "such" before the
words ".false entry" the first time it occurs.
That section, twenty-two be amended by
sti iking out the words "having paid the special
tax" and inserting in lieu thereof the words
'havinggiven the bond required by law," and
by adding the following: "Provided, That
nothing in this section shall be held to apply
to suspensions caused by unavoidable accident,;
and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall prescribe rules and regulations to govern
in such eases of involuntary suspension."
That section twenty-three be amended by
striking out the words'1 eleventh'' and'' twenty-
first days," and insert "day."
That section twenty-seven bo amended as
follows: strike out the word "quantity" where
it last occurs in said section and insert "frac-
tional part of a gallon amounting to one half
gallon or over;" and strike out" less than one
gallon" in the sixth line from the bottpm of
the section, after the words " regarded as a
full gallon," and add "and any fractional
part of a gallon less than one half gallon in
any cask or package shall be exempt from
tsx.''
That section twenty-eight be so amended
tbat the tax therein provided for stamps shall
be ten cents instead of twenty-five cents.
Tha.t section forty-two be amended by strik-
ing out the words "the special tax, has been
paid" and insetting in lieu thereof the words
" bond has been given;" also, by striking out
the words "for the non-payment of the special
tax" and inserting in lieu thereof the words
"because no bond has been given."
That section forty-three be amended by
inserting after the word "brand," the second
time it occurs, the words "and the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue may make such
change in stamps and may prescribe such
instruments, or other means forattaching. pro-
tecting, and canceling stumps for tobacco, snuff,
cigars, distilled spirits, and fermented liquors,
or either of them, as he and the Secretary of
the Treasury shall approve, such instruments
to be furnished by the United States to the
persons using the stamps to be affixed there-
