820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
equality for forty years. As surely as the sun
shall continue to rise and set, so suiely shall
we continue in thai direction until the work is
accomplished.
Sir. from one step to another during the
last forty years we have passed until we have
arrived at this bill, which, as it seems to me,
in its length and its breadth covers the unset-
tled questions. If we pass it we shall not be
required to legislate again. But if there shall
he any necessity for it I am for legislating;
for T believe it to be the lirst and highest duty
of the Government of the United States to
establish perfect equalify before the law. and
to maintain it with the entire power of this
nation. If there are any States, cities, coun-
ties, or localities m any part of the coun-
try, any railway corporation, any classes of
men that interpose their prejudices or their
interests against the lights of the citizens of
the United States, 1 think the power of this
Government should be fell, in vindicating the
rights of the citizens of the United States how-
ever and wherever ai-s.iiled.
The amendment moved by the Senator from
Wisconsin ia in substance n bill intioduced
into the House of Representatives the other
day by a distinguished gentleman from my
Stale. I wns glad when t siiw that bill intro-
duced, and I hud hoped that before this litue it
would have passed the House. Then we would
have the amnesty bill and a bill for civil rights
before us, and we could pus-! them both at this
same time. But, sir, I prefer the amendment
moved by my colleague, unamended on the sug-
gestion ol the honorable Senator from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. Fkku.vohuykhx, ] totliisamendment,
and as the question is before us now whether
wo will put either of these amendments upon
the amnesty bill, 1 choose to take the amend
meat that has been pending lor so many days.
Originated by my colleague, it has been pressed
by him with much Zealand earnest nous. Of
couisc, if it is voted down 1 shall accept the
other, for 1 choose always to take what-1 can get,
but I preler to take the whole at tins time.
I think the Senator from Georgia and Sen-
ators on that side of the Chamber might join
with us, and while wo are removing ihe dis-
abilities of men who committed crimes against
their country, they might aid us at the same
time iu protecting the rights of men who have
never committed crimes against, the country.
I would bo willing to go further than the
bill goes in favor of removing disabilities. L
would vole for universal amnesty if the Sena-
tors on the other side of the Chamber would
take this amendment and pass ihetn both
together. 11 both the political parties would
untie here in removing the disabilities of men
who have offended against, their country, and
in protecting the lights of the poor and the
humble and the Wlouged, those who have for
generations lelt nothing but the opptessions
of our own lace and the oppressions of our
colonial, State, and national Governments—if
they would unite iu adopting these t.wo meas-
ures, it would tend to the peace and harmony
of the country, and would certainly be an im-
mense advance from our present position.
Wo are told by the Senator from Georgia
that if we pass such a measure as this our
children in thesehools and ourpeoplo in social
life will l'oiget. the distinctions between these
two races. I do not think the distinctions
between the races ate likely to be forgotten
altogether iu the future. I am very sure they
have not been forgotten in the piist. The
other day when my colleague addressed the
Senate liiese galleries were tilled by colored
men and women, thronging here to hear their
rights vindicated, but there was haidiv a full-
blooded black man among them. We have
heard all through these forty years about these
great distinctions between the races, about the
superiority of the one race overllie other, and
jet we have seen everywhere around us evi-
dences that these distinctions were very often
forgotten.
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Sauls-
bcby] the other day wished to carry those
distinctions even into our last resting-places.
That honorable Senator professes to be, a mem-
ber of a Christian chuich, of one of the great
denominations of Christians in our country, a
denomination that has hundreds of thousands
of white men and black men within its folds;
and yet that Senator was apprehensive that in
the churches, in the prayer-meetings, and in
the resting-places of the dead the distinction
would not be kept up between the Methodist
white man and the Methodist black man. I
wonder if that Senator wishes to go further,
if lie wishes to go into the presence of his
Maker and to have those distinctions recog-
nized the-. - between the white man and the
black man, the white Christian and the black
Christian.
Sir, this talk about superiority of race,
about these distinctions in this Christian and
democratic land, should pass away aud pass
away forever. Thank God, those distinctions
are passing away, passing away in law, pass-
ing away in power, passing away by force of
public opinion. All that is high and noble
and pure ill the country is against recognizing
these unchristian, inhumane, and undemocratic
theories.
I hope, sir, that the amendment proposed
by my colleague will be adopted by the Sen-
ate, and that we shall pass tliis disability bill
with that amendment. I hope it will also be
sustained in the other branch of Congress;
but if it is not, wo shall see where rests the
responsibility before the country for its defeat.
Mr. PRELING11U YSEN. 1 have but a
word to say. It does not occur to me that the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumjjeu] is subject to the criticism
winch has been made upon it by the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Noinvoon.] The amend-
ment. as it was first introduced road in this
wise:
That overy law, statute, ordinance, regulation,
or custom, whether national or State, inconsistent
with this act, or mailing anydiscriroinations against
any person on account of color by the use of the
word ' white,' is horeby repealed and annulled.
The words " national or State'' were stricken
from the section, and i do not understand the
amendment as it is now presented to under-
take to repeal or annul State legislation. The
Senator from Massachusetts and all of us will
agree that the Congress of the United States
cannot roach State legislation in that way,
annulling and repealing their acts. The way
that we reach State legislation as to subjects
over which it is proper for the national Gov-
ernment to take cognizance is by affirmative
legislation, and not by repealing State laws. I
think any court will construe this statute to
mean that those statutes are annulled and
repealed that tlio Federal Government has
jurisdiction over, and has the right to repeal
and annul.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, there is
one section contained in the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts which is omit-
ted in that offered by the Senator from Wis-
consin to which I desire to call the attention
of the Senate. 1 think the omission is a very
important one. The fourth section of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts declares—
That no person shall bo disqualified for service
as juiorin any court, national or State, by reason
ol race, color, or previous condition of servitude:
Provided, That such person possesses all otherauali-
freations which are by law prescribed; and any offi-
cer oj ot.licr persons charged with any duty in the
selection and summoning of jurors. &e.
Now, it. occurs to me that if we have the
power to pass any part of this bill, or to enforce
any of the privileges or immunities that belong
to citizens of the United States as such, we
have the right to enforce the provision con-
tained in tins section. It is the right of the
State to prescribe the qualifications of jurors,
that they shall be householders, if you please,
that they shall be of a certain age, that they
shall be tax-payers—the qualifications are dif-
ferent in different States—but it seems to me
that it is a violation of the spirit and of the
essence of the fourteenth amendment to say
that a State may exclude a man from being a
juror on account of his race or color ; in other
words, while he may be required to have all
the other qualifications that the State has the
right to prescribe in regard to white men, yet
that he shall not be excluded if he has those
qualifications because of his color. I regard
this as one of the most important provisions of
this bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. What distinction does
the Senator draw between our power to fix the
qualifications of jurors in a State court and of
judges on the State bench?
Mr. MORTON. I am not now discussing
the question whether Congress would have the
right to prescribe the qualifications for being
appointed to a judgeship in a State. I doubt
very much whether it would. But I am now
considering the specific case of the juror, and
I say it is essential to the protection of the
rights and immunities of people of all races
that they shall not be excluded from the jury-
box because of race.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will allow
me to interrupt him once more, is it not equally
essential that they should not be excluded from
the bench on account of race or color?
Mr. MORTON. I doubt whether there is
any power to exclude them from the bench;
but that question is not before tlio Senate. If
a man cannot be excluded from voting in any
State because of his race or color X doubt
whether that can be made a test for office
under the amendments to the Constitution.
But it is sufficient to discuss the question that
is now before the Senate.
There is one State in this Union to-day
where a man is excluded from the jury-box
because of his color. A man of his own color
may be oil trial for crimes that affect his life,
that affect his fortune, that affect his family,
and yet a black man is excluded from the
jury-box because of his color. I submit that
that is in violation of the very spirit of the
fourteenth amendment; and, if we have any
power to pass this bill at all, we have the
power to say that a man shall not be excluded
from the enjoyment of that right which is so
fundamental, that right which is so vital to
the liberty, to the equal rights, and to the pro-
tection of the people of this country—the right
to enter the jury-box. It has now been set-
tled I believe—I think that is the opinion—•
that under the fourteenth amendment a man
cannot be excluded from testifying in a court
of justice because of his color. I think Ken-
tucky has just given way upon that question.
I believe a bill has passed one house of the
Legislature, and perhaps both, allowing col-
ored men to testify. It was enacted by the
civil rights bill of 1860 that no man should be
excluded from the witness-box in the State
courts because of his color; in other words, it
was his privilege, it was an immunity under
the Constitution of the United States belong-
ing to the citizen of the United States, that he
should be allowed to testify, not only for his
own protection, but for the protection of others.
If you cannot exclude a man from the witness-
box in a State court because of bis color, I
ask how can you exclude him from the jury-
box on account of his color?
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend permit
me to make a suggestion? 1 purposely omitted
that provision in the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts because I doubted the
constitutionality of it. If we had the power
io pass it I should vote for it in a moment.
But there is the broadest possible distinction
between our power under the fifteenth amend-
ment to do just what we are authorized to do;
that is, to prevent the States from making any
