1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
any other sentiment than that of strong oppo-
sition to these land grants, of condemnation
against these enormous land subsidies, and
of bitter denunciation against these land rob-
beries in behalf of corporations and against the
interests of the masses of the people.
Mr. STRONG. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will permit me to ask him a ques-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL. What is it?
Mr. STRONG. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether there are not twenty men
on his side of the House who will vote for this
bill, and whether there are not twenty others
who will dodge the vote by taking refuge in
the cloak-room?
Mr. RANDALL. I only know in regard to
my own vote; but if they vote for it, they will
do so with their eyes open. Not only has the
record of the Democratic party been intact in
reference to these land grants, but I maintain
that almost the entire body of the people,
without respect to party, join in this Demo-
cratic judgment in reference to these land
grants. I can cite the gentleman's own State
of Connecticut, where both parties have de-
clared in their conventions against these land
grants. But the most striking instance of all
is that of the State of California. During the
last Congress there were three members from
California who steadily voted for all these
land grants. What did we witness in the last
canvass in that State? Both parties passed
resolutions adverse to and condemnatory of
land grants, and in denunciation of Congress
for its profligacy in this respect. But let us
come down to instances of a more recent date.
While the Labor Reformers may have no direct
representative on this floor, nevertheless we
have a great number here who profess to be
in full sympathy with their convention and
their platform of principles. What did they
enunciate at their convention as the principles
upon which they placed their candidates for
the Presidency and Vice Presidency? I ask
Ihe Clerk to read a resolution taken from the
platform adopted by the Labor Reform con-
vention held recentlyat Columbus, Ohio, bear-
ing on this particular point.
The Clerk read as follows:
" That the public lands of the United States belong
to the people, and should not be sold to individuals
nor granted to corporations, but should be held as a
sacred trust for the benefit of the people, and should
be granted free of cost to landless settlers only, m
amounts not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres
of land."
Mr. RANDALL. Now, sir, I say there is
not a man on this floor who, when a candidate,
had the boldness to go before the people and
say he was in favor of any more land grants
to these immense corporations and landed
monopolies. I regretthe time allowed me stops
me at this point, but before closing I desire to
insert the contract to which I have alluded.
It sustains fully the construction I have given
it, notwithstanding the denial of the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldredge :]
Department of the Interior.
General Land Office, July 3,1869.
Whereas it has been represented by Governor
Lucius Fairehild, the Governor of lsconsin, that
there are extensive spoliations on the public lands
in Wisconsin, both on the even and odd numbered
sections, "in place," and "indemnity, withm
twenty mile limits, along the line of certain rail-
roads in that State, m which the grant has tailed
by reason of the roads not having been completed
w'thin the period stipulated in the grant; and
■whereas it is represented by the said Governor that
the authorities of the State will undertake the pro-
tection of the timber on the said odd sections, and
the amount of stumpage, or the amount of sale,
where compromise is inexpedient, shall be paid into
the treasury of the State, according to the act of the
Legislature of Wisconsin approved March 3,1869,
entitled "An act to protect the lands and timber
thereon granted to the St. Croix and Lake Superior
Railroad Company," with this distinct understand-
™f'irst, that there shall be a prompt return at least
monthly made by the said Governor to the Depart-
ment of the Intorior of the amount ot the receipts
from stumpago in case of compromise or sale by the
State authorities of the timber in said odd sections,
for which amount the State.shall be i'aWeto the
United States Government m tho event that said
railroad grants are not renewed and extended by
act of Congress; and second, the said Governor, as
the chief Executive of the State, hereby agrees that
in regard to any claim, either for the five per cent,
fund or for swamp indemnity, the said State shall
be charged with the amount received by the State
from stumpage or sale as aforesaid, unless herej-fter
relieved from such liability by express act of Con-
gress extending the said railroad grants, or by other
remedial legislation.
JOS. S. WILSON,
Approved:
LUCIUS 1'AlItOniLD,
Governor of Wisconsin.
J. D. COX.
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. KETCHAM. I yield for one minute
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Tyner. ]
Mr. TYNER. I desire only to reply for
that length of time to a suggestion thrown out
by the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Dra-
nell.] He was pleased in the progress of his
remarks to state, what he claims to be the
fact, that the State of Indiana was here by
her delegation asking a grant of the lands
reclaimed by the drainage of Beaver lake, in
that State. I see that he is a member of the
Committee on the Public Lands, and if he
had paid proper attention to the business be-
fore that committee he would have known that
I myself introduced a bill, and referred it to
that committee, providing for the sale of those
lands to the highest bidder. I ask that gen-
tleman, as a member of the committee, to aid
me in the passage of that bill. I say, further,
that there is no member from the State of
Indiana, now holding a seat in this House,
who has been before that committee urging the
passage of any other bill than the one which
I had the honor to introduce. When the
time shall come, I think I shall be able to show
that the State of Indiana has no interest in that
grant of lands, and that the bill which came
from the Senate a few days ago on this subject,
and which may have already been referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, will, if it
becomes a law, inure more especially to the
benefit of persons who claim these lands under
color of title derived from others, who at-
tempted to swindle the United States out of
them, than to the benefit of the State.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KETCHAM. I yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Hazel-
tojt.J
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me a single minute to make a remark
in answer to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Tyner.]
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. T yield
to the gentleman for a minute.
Mr. DUNNELL. Thcgentlemanfromlndi-
ana, I know, will pardon me. I think he will
admit that I did not intend to make a mis-
statement. If gentlemen will look over the
proceedings of Congress, as published in the
Globe during the last fortnight, they will see
that Senator Pratt made an argument in favor
of the Government relinquishing, the title to
eighteen thousand acres of land in the State
of Indiana, a title to one half of which is
now in the State ot Indiana. Ihe gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Tyxer] has done well in
introducing the bill he referred to. But aUthat
has been argued and said before the Committee
on Public Lands has been in favor of another
bill, which asks that the Government shall
relinquish the title to that land.
Mr. TYNER. The other side of the ques-
tion will be presented when_ my bill comes
before the gentleman's committee.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I do not
expect, Mr. Speaker, in the brief moments
allotted to me to be able to do more than touch
very briefly and cursorily the facts involved in
this question. I am aware that the patience
of the House is already exhausted by this de-
bate, and I simply appeal to members to listen
to me for a few minutes, while I state as perti-
nently as I am able some of the facts which 1
think have a bearing upon this question ana
ought lo be considered; and it will be re-
membered that Wisconsin has occupied but a
very small part of the time in this discussion,
although deeply and vitally interested in the
questions hero involved.
The gentleman at my right, from Illinois,
[Mr. Hay,] said that nobody was asking for
this measure except a few interested specula-
tors—a few railroad men in the city of St.
Paul. Why is it necessary to ignore facts and
to trample on obvious truths in the discussion
of such a question as this 1 Is it not true and
within the knowledge of the House that the
State of Wisconsin has memorialized Congress
almost unanimously for this measure? Is it
not true that the State of Minnesota stands
here as a unit in favor of it? Is it not true
that the great body of the people of the State
of Iowa are in favor of this measure? And
yet we are told that nobody is interested in it
save a handful of speculators. This, I beg to
say, is not the truth in regard to this mat-
ter. The people of those States, two million
people, are here as one man asking for this
bill. They are here as one man memorializing
Congress for this act of justice. And those
who stand up in array against the request of
this great body of people, claiming that they
are iu the interest of the people and not in the
interest of monopolies, pervert the truths that
underlie this whole controversy.
Now, Mr. Speaker, lot me just allude in.
passing to the interest which naturally gathers
around this bill, in view of the position of tho
people to whom I have just alluded. Here
stands this local corporation asking that this
grant may be extended for the purpose of
securing a railroad in which our people are all
interested. Standing on the other side is a
great overshadowing corporation, saying that
this act shall not pass, that this bill shall not
become a law. And why ? Because that ad-
verse interest controls the only outlet from
St. Paul to Lake Superior; because it pro-
poses to monopolize the whole carrying trade
of that region; because it proposes to hold
its hand violently and forcibly, by the exercise
of its authority and its influence here, over the
whole carrying trade in which this great body
of people are interested. That is the reason
why this interests stands arrayed against the
friends of this bill.
Let me call tho attention of the House for a
moment to what transpired when this subject
was last under consideration a few weeks ago.
I stated thon to the House that this bill only
gives this local company what would other-
wise go to the Northern Pacific railroad.
The sentiment came up here from every-
body, when I made that statement, "Amend
your bill so as to limit the grant to that
amount of lands, and we will stand by you."
That was the sentiment of three fourths of this
House when that statement was made, and
amendments were sent up to the Chair involv-
ing this principle. And yet, after a few weeks
have elapsed, and this question comes up again
for consideration, wc find arrayed against us
the same sentiment which proposed these
amendments to the bill, which claimed to be
representing the people, which asked to guard
this bill by these amendments. After the
amendments had been accepted by the friends
of the bill, we yet find these same.parties fol-
lowing us, and insisting that the bill shall not
become a law, and all this in the interest of
the people and against monopolies! Can it
be that it is expected that tho eye of this
House and the country will be closed to the
fact that this is not a contest between this tail-
road company, which proposes to build this
road, and tho people, but a contest between
this company and another and adverse inter-
est, which is proposing to control and monop-
olize the only outlet from St. Paul to tho Lake
Superior country? ...
Now, Mr. Speaker, I cannot m the time
allotted me go over the whole ground. But
a moment's time is left me. Misstatements
have been made here—they have been multi-
