1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
769
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
in the spirits so shipped, shall, on conviction,
be fined not exceeding five thousand dollars
and imprisoned not more than one year, and
the ship or vessel on board of which such
shipment was made or pretended to be made
shall be forfeited to the United States, whether
a conviction of the master or owner be had
or otherwise, and proceedings may be had in
admiralty by libel for such forfeiture.
'• Any person who shall intentionally reland
■within the jurisdiction of the United States any
distilled spirits which have been shipped for
exportation under the provisions of this act,
or who shall receive such relanded distilled
spirits, and every person who shall aid or abet
in such relanding or receiving of such spirits,
shall, on conviction, be fined not exceeding
five thousand dollars, and imprisoned not
more than three years; and all distilled spirits
so relanded, together with the vessel from
which the same were relanded within the juris-
diction of tlxe United States, and all boats,
vehicles, horses, or other animals used in re-
landiug and removing such distilled spirits,
shall be forfeited to the United States."
That section fifty-seven be amended by
striking out the words " more than" before the
words " fivegallons," and inserting the words
" or more'' alter the words '* five gallons."
Sec. 13. That the act entitled " An act im-
posing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes," approved July twen-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, as
amended by the act approved April tenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, be, and the
same is hereby, amended, as follows, namely :
That section eight be amended by adding
the words, " Provided further, That in case
of distilleries sold at judicial and other sales
in favor of the United States, a boud may be
taken at the discretion of the Commissioner of
the Internal Revenue in lieu of the written
consent required by such section, and the per-
son giving such bond may be allowed to oper-
ate buch distillery during the existence of the
right of redemption from such sale, on com-
plying with all the other provisions of law."
That section twenty be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting
in lieu thereof the following: "That on the
, receipt of the distiller's return in each month,
the assessor shall inquire and determine
whether the distiller has accouuted for all the
grain or molasses used, and all the spirits pro-
duced by him in the preceding month. If the
assessor is satisfied that the distiller has re-
ported ail the spirits produced by hitn,and the
quantity so reported shall be found to be less
than eighty per centum of the producing capa-
city of the distillery as estimated under the
provisions of this act, an assessment shall be
made for such deficiency at the rate of seventy
cents for every proof gallon. In determining
the quantity of grain used, fifty-six pounds
shall be accounted as a bushel; and if the
assessor finds that the distiller has used any
grain or molasses in excess of the capacity or
his distillery as estimated under the provisions
of this act, an assessment shall be made against
the distiller at the rate of seventy cents for
every proof gallon of spirits that should have
been produced from the grain or molasses so
used in excess, which assessment shall be
made whether the quantity of spirits reported
is equal to or exceeds eighty per centum
the producing capacity of the distillery. It
the assessor finds that the distiller has not
accounted for all the spirits produced by him,
he shall, from alt the evidence he can obtain,
determine what, quantity of spirits was actu-
ally produced bv such distiller, and an as^ss-
ruent shall U<i made lor the diffrience between
the quantity reported and the q'mntfv Miown
to have been actually produced, at. the rale <u
seventy cents ior eveiy proot gallon: 1 mridea,
That the actual product shall be assumed to
-i'2l> CoNC. 2J) SlW —No 49.
be in no case less than eighty per centum of
the producing capacity of the distillery as
estimated under the provisions of this act, or
under the act to which this is an amendment.
Any and all assessments made under this sec-
tion shall be a lieu on all distilled spirits on
the distillery premises, the distillery used for
distilling the same, the stills, vessels, fixtures,
and tools therein, and on the tract of land
whereon the said distillery is located, together
with any building thereon, from the time such
assessment is made until the same shall have
been paid."
That so much of section fifty-nine as imposes
upon distillers a special tax and the tax of
four dollars per barrel, and a tax on the sales
of wholesale and retail dealers, and a tax on
rectifiers of fifty cents on each barrel pro-
duced in excess of two hundred barrels, be,
and the same are hereby, repealed; but noth-
ing herein contained shall be held to repeal
or modify the existing law as to the mode of
keeping the books of distillers, rectifiers, or
dealers, or as to their inspection; and the
returns required by existing law of distillers,
rectifiers, or dealers shall be furnished to the
proper officers of internal revenue when de-
manded; and that said section fifty-nine be
further amended by inserting after the words
"but no distiller" the words "who has given
the required bond;" and that said section be
further amended by striking out the words
"nmit liquor," malt liquors," "brewer,"
and "malt liquors," in the three several para-
graphs in which they occur. And that said
section be further amended by adding to said
section the following: Every person who sells
or offers for sale malt liquors ill larger quan-
tities than five gallous at one time, but who
does not deal in spirituous liquors, shall be
regarded as a wholesale dealer in malt liquors
and not a wholesale liquor-dealer, and shall
pay a special tax of fifty dollars. Every per-
son who sells or offers for sale malt liquors in
quantities of five gallons or less at one time,
but who does not deal in spirituous liquors,
shall be regarded as a retail dealer in malt
liquors and not a retail liquor-dealer, and
shidl pay a special tax of twenty dollars: Pro-
tided, however. That nothing in this section
shall be held to prohibit the purifying or re-
fining of spirits ill the course of original and
continuous distillation through any material
which will not remain incorporated with such
spirits when the manufacture thereof is com-
P Sec. 14. That on and after the date when
this act shall take effect, the compensation
of internal revenue gaugers shall be by fees
dependent upon the quantity gauged, to be
prescribed by the Commissioner of internal
Revenue, which, together with their actual and
necessary travelling expenses, verified by the
oath of the gauger, and the compensation of
internal revenue gamers and stoiekeepcrs,
shall be paid by the United States mouthly,
without requiring reimbursement by distillers.
Sec. 15- That the Commissioner of internal
Revenue is hereby authorized, under regu-
lations to be by him prescribed, with we ap-
proval of the Secretary of tGe Treasury, to issue
tax-paid stamps for the restampmg oi disti.led
spirits upon which the tax shall have been duly
paid but from which the stamps have oeen lost
or destroyed by unavoidable accident.
Sec. 16. That every brewer shaU, before
commencing or continuing business, hie with
the assistant assessor of the assessment dis-
trict in which he shall design to carry on his
business, a notice m writing, staling therMR
the name of the person, conpam , eorpoia, ion,
or firm, and the names ot the members o. any ,,
such company or firm, iog'jrhe! s p -it j
or places of residence of m.c'.i person or per- j,
sons, and a description of the premises o.i ||
which the brewery is situated, and ot l..  oi I
their title thereto, and the name or names of
the owner or owners thereof.
Sec. 17. That every brewer shall execute a
bond to the U nited States, to be approved by
the collector of the district, in a sum equal to
twice the amount of tax which, in the opinion
of the assessor, said brewer will be liable to
pay during any one month, which bond shall
be renewed on the first day of May in each
year, and shall be conditioned that he will
pay, or cause to be paid, as herein provided,
the tax required by law on all beer, lager-beer,
ale, porter, and other fermented liquors afore-
said made by him, or for him, before the same
is sold or removed for consumption or sale,
except as hereinafter provided; and that he
will keep, or cause to be kept, a book in the
manner and for the purposes hereinafter speci-
fied, which shall be open to inspection by the
proper officers, as by law required; and that
he will in all respects faithfully comply, with-
out fraud or evasion, with all requirements of
law relating to the manufacture and sale of any
malt liquors before mentioned: Provided,
That no brewer shall be required to pay a
special tax as a wholesale dealer, by reason of
selling at wholesale, at a place other than his
brewery, malt liquors manufactured by him.
Sec."18. That there shall be paid on all beer,
lager-beer, ale, porter, and other similar fer-
mented liquors, by whatever name such liquors
i may be called, a tax of one dollar for every bar-
rel containing not more than thirty-one gallons;
and at a like rate for any other quantity, or for
any fractional part of a barrel, which shall be
brewed or manufactured and sold, or removed
for consumption or sale, within the United
States; which tax shall be paid by the owner,
agent, or superintendent of the brewery or
premises in whichsucli fermented liquors shall
be made, in the manner and at the time here-
inafter specified : Provided, That fractional
parts of" a barrel shall be halves, quarters,
sixths, and eighths; and any fractional part of
a barrel containing less than one eighth shall
be accouuted one eighth; more than one
eighth and not more than one sixth, shall be
accounted one six'li; more than one sixth
and not more than one quarter, shall be
accounted one quarter; more than one quar-
ter and not more than one halt, shall be
accounted one half; more than one half and
not more than one barrel, shall be accounted
one barrel ; and more than one barrel and
not more than sixty three gallons, shall be
accounted two barrels, or a hogshead.
Sec. 19. That every person owning or occu-
pying any brewery, or premises used or intended
to be used lor the purpose of brewing or mak-
ing such fermented liquors, or who shall ha.ve
such premises under his control or superin-
tendence, as agent for the owner or occupant,
or shall have in his possession or custody any
brewing mate-rials, utensils, or apparatus,
or intended to be used on said premises in the
manufacture of beer, lager-beer, ale, porter,
or other similar leuuented liquors, either as
owner, agent, or superintendent, shall, from
day to day. niter, oi cause to be entered, in
a book to be kept by him for that purpose,
the kind of -uth malt liquors, the estimated
quantity produced in barrels, and the actual
quantity sold or removed -for consumption or
sule in barrels or fractional parts of barrels,
and .-hall also, from day to day, enter, or car.se
to be entered, in a separate book to be kept
bv him tor thai, purpose, au account ot ah
mat.-1-tais by him purchased for the purpose
of producing such fermented liquors, includ-
in" "rani and malt; and shall render to said
assessor or assUant assessor, on or before th~
tent
i day of each month, a true statement, m
I:.-. from hi-, books, of the es<:-
■d qt:
wi'l!
iri'M
brew.-d, and
moved for
ily in barrels of: such malt liquois
d the actual quantity sold^ or re-
consumption or sale during the
