1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2613
enter upon a constitutional argument oil the
point that has been suggested; but my honor-
able friend from Wisconsin has stated so
broadly the powers of the Government in two
or three particulars, that I think it is hardly
worth while to allow the subject to go from the
Senate without noticing some of his positions.
My honorable friend seems to place some
emphasis on the fact that this is a Govern-
ment, and that the Constitution of the United
States provides for a Government. So it
does; but what sort of a Government? A
Government like England or Russia?
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a suggestion? I am
authorized by the committee to withdraw this
amendment, so as to obviate discussion and see
if we can vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That will relieve
me very much, for I have not the slighest idea
of making a speech. If my friend from Wis-
consin will withdraw his positions I shall be
satisfied. I agree with my friend from Wis-
consin that this is a Government, and that the
Constitution of the United States forms a Gov-
ernment ; but that it is a Government in any
sense either for commerce or post roads, or
anything except that of defense, such as Eng-
land and Russia, 1 deny altogether; and it is
because it is a Government with limited powers,
specific and delegated, that I deny the infer-
ences which the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin undertakes to draw in this behalt'; and
it is because it is that, that it cannot do these
things. That is it precisely. Of course I am
not going to argue that proposition any further.
My honorable friend to get this authority say.-,,
" Why, there is power to regulate commerce,
and to regulate is to facilitate." I deny that.
The whole history of that power contradicts it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Where do you get
vour light-houses?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will come to
that part of the subject when I get on light,
but the whole history of this Government con-
tradicts any such latitudmarian construction.
If you can. facilitate, you can what / You can
engage in commerce, can you not?
Mr. CARPENTER. No.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is it not "to
facilitate" to engage in? Does my honorable
friend mean to say that the phrase " regulate
among the States" is equivalent to facilitate I
One is an affirmative proposition and the other
is negative, and for that reasou they are not
alike, if for no other. The Constitution uses
negative language. Congress are to regulate.
Regulate what? Regulate "commerce among
the"States," and this power is limited. Ac-
cording to the interpretation of my honorable
friend, he says in this question of the regula-
tion of commerce we are just as omnipotent
as Russia or England. I deny that wholly.
We are just as omnipotent within our sphere.
What is that? To regulate commerce among
the States. If any one of these States or any
two or more of tbena undertake to obstruct
commeice among the States, then the prov-
ince of this Government is absolute; not other-
wise. It is to prevent that great obstruction ;
and in that this great provision of the Con-
stitution originated.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then the power of the
General Government to regulate commerce is
simply a power to prevent the States from
regulating it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To prevent the
States from obstructing it—that is it; and the
word '-facilitate" has no other meaning ap-
plied to this, except as it prevents the obstruc-
tion by the States. .
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me, it is just one of those powers
which may be exercised by the States unless
Congress has lirst exe:cised it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly, io
illustrate this thing, there is a commerce among
the States over which the United States is su-
preme and has exclusive jurisdiction, ihere
is a commerce in the States over which the
State jurisdiction is absolute, just as absolute
as that of the United States in the other case,
and the Government of the United States
neither by a railroad, nor by a canal, nor by
any other means can invade it. Where is that
province ? Everywhere in the State, and the
jurisdiction of the United States does not
begin to attach until you go beyond the limits
of the State. All the commerce that lies
within the limit of the State is domestic or
State commerce, and the Government of the
United States cannot invade it in its rivers or
its lakes, or by its railways.
Does anybody deny that proposition? The
books are full of that doctrine. Take the case
in my own State, with which I am familiar.
The Penobscot river is navigable to Bangor.
There it is obstructed; but above that it is
navigable. The State granted an exclusive
charter to one of its citizens for the navigation
of that river for twenty years. The constitu-
tionality of that charter came here, and in that
case this whole doctrine of commerce among
the States and commerce in the State, com-
merce domestic and belonging peculiarly to
the States, was discussed, and that charter was
held to be valid and within the power of the
State, simply because at Bangor the river be-
came unnavigable, not open to the sea, and
above that it was navigable and above that it
was held to be domestic commerce, because it
did not reach the Canadas and did not reach
any point outside ot the State.
Then what becomes of your doctrine of the
power of this Government to regulate com-
merce ? It is to extend, and to thatalone, to the
commerce among the States; and that is con-
strued, and has been from the beginning of
the Government down, by all the courts, not
to authorize this Government to enter the
States. The police power of the Government
is limited in the same way precisely, and to
the same end.
Now, passing from this, for I am not going to
detain the Senate five minutes, my honorable
friend seeks to draw power from that provision
of the Constitution which authorizes the estab-
lishment of post offices and post roads. My
honorable friend will allow me to say that is
novel. That never has been entertained by
any Congress that 1 know of since the lounda-
tion of the Government. Thatpower never has
been conceded in any single instance. What
is it to establish a post route, or a post office,
or a post road? Does that include the power
of building a road through a State? It is
simply the power of establishing what we call
a post route, a post office, a post road. It is
the authority of Congress to establish the
right to travel over the ways of the States,
either natural or artificial.
My honorable friend will find in the author-
ities I have at hand here, over all that ques-
tion. over that whole domain of objects, in-
spection laws, quarantine laws, health laws ot
every description, as well as laws regulating
the internal commerce of the State, and those
with respect to turnpike^ roads, ferries, &e.
Now, for my honorable friend to undertake to
say that it is within the power oi Congress
to interfere with the turnpikes exclusively
within the several States  _ _
Mr. CARPENTER. No ; I say it is within
the power of Congress to build a turnpike
through half a dozen Slates, or establish post
offices. If it has the power to build post
offices and establish post roads, that gives the
power to build post roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All I can say
about that is, that subject has been reported
upon repeatedly time and time again by both
branches of Congress; and I have never known
an instance—there may be one   _ _
Mr. HOWE. Let me ask my friend if
Congress has not authorized the establish-
ment ot a great many post roads in the States .
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The building of
roads ?
Mr. HOWE. Not built them, but author-
ized the building of post roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I instance the case of all the
bridges we have authorized the construction
of over the Ohio, the Missouri, aud the Mis-
sissippi rivers.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Those are navi-
gable waters.
Mr. HOWE. But they are within the States,
are they not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; but that
is done m the interest of commerce. It is
because Congress has jurisdiction over nil
navigable waters that it is necessary to do
that, and it is under that, authority. ^ That is
the case of the Wheeling bridge. That does
not come under this power at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. Congress lias no power
over the navigable waters except as an inci-
dent to the power to regulate commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Except as ail
incident to the regulation of commerce among
the States. Now, take the Wheeling bridge
case. That is a question of commerce among
the States, because it is between two States.
That is precisely the point, and that is the
principle under which that was allowed.
One other point. My honorable I'riend
called Oil me to draw a distinction, aud the
Senator from New York did also, between the
power to build a road in a State, which it is
assumed the Constitution grauts, and the
power by Congress to confer a right on a State
corporation. 1 think the distinction is obvious,
as I said before, and this illustration occurs to
me; nobody will doubt that a State has the
right to incorporate a private company for a
legitimate purpose, and it would be a legiti
mate purpose to incorporate a company to
build a railroad from one point to another
within its own jurisdiction. Nobody will
doubt that Congress could not interfere with
that right; that it is a right which the State
has under its constitution by virtue of its
Stateship, over which the Congress of the
United States would have no contiol to pre
vent. By reason of that fact it is that Con-
gress could not interfere either to restrict or
enlarge it. If that is the right of the State,
there is the end of it; Congress cannot niter-
fere to restrict or enlarge it; and that is the
obvious distinction. Whatever its power may
be to build a road in a State, the State having
authorized the building of a road by a corpor-
ation. I submit the Congress of the United
States cannot interfere either to enlarge or
restrict it. That statement is the obvious
distinction between the exercise of the two
powers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Feruy,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the amendment to the- amendment offered
by the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Clay-
ton.] , . ,
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Arkan-
sas withdraws the amendment to the amend-
ment, and I have the authority of the commit-
tee to withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unani-
mous consent that can bo done.
Mr. STEWART. I presume nohody will
°b^he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the amendment and
the amendment to the amendment are with-
drawn. The Senator from Texas [Mr. Ham-
ilton] sent up an amendment to the desk,
which will now be in order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I withdraw
that amendment. .
Mr. SCOTT. I have been 111 conference
with the Senator from Texas, and haveag'-eed
to offer an amendment which meets the view
he had in liis amendment. It is to insert on
.! page 4, section three, line thirteen, between
1 the words " ot" and " other," the word "the;
;j and to insert in the fourteenth line, after tho
[I word •'act," the words " aud specified therein,
