1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3509
pecessary to the continuance of the manufacture in
this country, respectfully submit to you the follow-
ing facts and reasons why such duties shall remain
unaltered.
Wo believe that tho present duty is beneficial to
the country for the following reasons:
jFirxt. The production of saltpeter hereis essential
to our independeneo of other countries in the ca e
of Wiir, and without this duty such production must
cease. The lnnnufticfure ot saltpeter in thi^country
■was commenced in 18G2, immediately after the diffi-
culties which arose from tho affiir of the Trent.
Great Britain* at that tune, furnished saltpeter to
the world. Immediately ou the occurrence of that
difficulty tho British Government prohibited the
exportation of saltpeter from all their ports, de-
tained large quantities which had been bought by our
Government,-and wore ready for delivery, or were
actually on board vessels; and.hadnotthatdifficulty
been adjusted, we should have been deprived, to a
great extent, of the principal material from which
gunpowder is mnde. The Uuited States Government
advertised then for saltpeter for the use of the Navy,
and manufactories for making it were tstablished.
These manufactories furnished to the Government
large quantitiesdurinj; the war, and havesince been
engaged in supplying, to a largo extent, the wants
of the country during peace. If the duties on salt-
peter are repealed the business must be abandoned,
88 we cannot compete with the cheap labor of the
East Iudie§ without it, and the country will then
become wholly dependent again on Great Britain
for this article.
jSecond. The continuance of the duty is important
for the commerce of the country. At present the
materials for the manufacture of saltpetor are ob-
tained most cheaply from abroad; these are, nitrate
of soda, imported from Peru, and muriate of pot-
ash, imported from Germany. Cue ton of each of
these materials is required to make one ton of
saltpeter. These materials are imported at full
rates of freight lrom the countries where they are
produced; while saltpeter, irom the East Indies, is
Drought principally as ballast, at one third or one
quarter oi the cost of the freight on nitrate of soda
only. If tho duty is repealed, tor every ton of salt-
peter imported, two tons of other freight lrom dis-
tant countries wilJ be lost, at a cost of five or six
times the si mount of treight gained.
Third. This manufacture is important in case of
war, tor the development of our national resources,
especially those of the West. If war should destroy
our foreign commerce, saltpeter can be manufac-
tured trouo ihunitrate of hme which is largely found
in caves or other places m tho valley of tho Missis-
sippi, and irom the common potash of commerce,
which is made from ashes in the foresis. In the war
of 1812 tins was almost the only resource of the
country tor the supply of saltpeter, and it is under-
stood that the South obtained in this way much of
thfir s ltpoter during the late war. The nitrate ot
soda from Peru can bo brought by the Paeilie rail-
roads to the E i&t, il commerce is obstructed by war.
jvurtlt. Thoeoutinuauoo of this manufacture, like
evejy othei manufacture, is desirable, frouit its
emplojment ot capital and labor at home, lrom
it  consumption ol domestic products, particularly
of coal, and hom the business which it furnishes to
schooners and railroads.
Fijth. The duty is desirable as a source of reve-
nue, because it affects very slightly the business of
the country. Beiore tho late war all powder was
made fiom saltpeter; nowiivesixthsof all the pow-
der used lor blasting is made from nitrate ot soda.
Powder made irom  altpeter is used principally tor
cannon, lor fire-arms, fire-works, and lor blasting,
where exposuretothe air prevents the use ot powder
made lrom nitrate of soda; which, though stronger,
Attracts moisture if exposed to the atmosphere.
For internal improvements, lor mines, or removal
of rodis, powder inside tiom nitrate ot soua, which
islieo liom dury, oi nitro-glyecrine, or duahno is
used, while saltpetei is not largely employed, either
lor the natural products or the manufactures ol the
country, and the revenue derived lrom it does not
seriously ulfect their cost. . .
Wealso believe that the duty now levied on salt-
peter is beneficial to the consumers of the article :
1. Because tew oi the powder-makers ot the coun-
try import saitpe'or themselves, the great majoiity
purchasing their supplies in the market hero. Most
of thepowder-makors scattered over New hn&land,
in Pcnusyhauxu, Ohio, or the AVest, and located
near the mines, or on the great railroads which con-
sumo or transpoit their products, buy saltpeter m
6inall quantities and do not have convenient means
for refinirg the crude saltpeter of the .hast inuies.
They are dependent, more or less, on ttie domestic
production, and if this is destroyed will be ooui-
pelled to purchusoat prices tixed by tl\e tew i in Pow-
ers of the article, in Boston and hew York, -t&ree
or four powder corporations, only, are accustomed,
to import saltpeter, being possessed oi ainpleeapi-
tal and extensive works, and these, with the im-
porters, will, if the duty on saltpeter is repealed,
contiol tho price of the article, and consequently
monopolize very much the manufacture p0.^9r*
2. The repeal oi this duty wil undouotedly be
followed by a rise in the price oi loreign saltpetei
heie, so as to cancel, to a great extent the reduc-
tion in prices winch would otherwise follow, thou„ii
this advance, not being based on actual cost, will
be too insecure to allow the manufacture of domestic
saltpeter to continue. Tho price ot foreign !saltpe.tor
is affected greatly by the price of
here, which is sold less than with the Present duty
the foieign article, it rphned, can ^   1^.
the extensive use of nitrate of soda
powder. If foreign saltpeter is freed from home
competition it must rise by the additional freight
and amount.of profit which those who control it
will add. This has been the case with other similar
articles. Nitrato of soda rose promptly after the
repeal of the duty, and has advanced thirty-three
and a third per cent, on its former cost in bond.
Muriate of potash, similarly made free, has risen
twenty per cent. When the duty on saltpetor was
fixed by Congress in 1864 at its present rate, Great
Britain took off her export duty of ono and a quar-
ter cents gold in India to retain bor mouopoly. If
our duty is repealed, an export duty there may bo
imposed again. Prussia imposed heavier duties on
the manufacture of muriate of potash when tho
duty on this article hero was ropoaled. If, as wo
believe, saltpeter willcertainlyrise upon the repeal
of the duty, and very considerably, tho only benefit
will be derived by the few large corporations who
import it, while the great majority of the powder-
makers will receive littloadvantage; and.awaro of
this probability, very many of tho powder-makers
are opposed to tho repeal of the duty.
3. The removal of tho duty on saltpetor will not
affect at all tho price of blasting powder, which is at
Least four fifths of the powder made. Tho price of
saltpeter in bond is now one and a half cents gold,
higher than the present nigh price of nitrato of
soda, and it will not certainly bo less if admitted
free. The powder mado from nitrato of soda- is
stronger for immediate use than th.it mado from
saltpeter. Nor will such repeal increase the for-
eign oxport of powder, because a drawback both on
tho sulphur and saltpeter used is now altowod on all
saltpeter exported, which is almost equivalent to tho
duty paid.
Wo further represent to your honorable commit-
tee that the repeal or reduction of tho duty upon
saltpeter would bo destructive to our business. Wo
have invested a largo amount in buildings and appa-
ratus, which aro not adapted to any other manufac-
ture, and the value of which, therefore, depends on
tho continuance of that business. At tho present
cost of materials, labor, fuel, and transportation,
the profit is small, but with tho present duty wo aro
enabled to manufacture it, and it it is continued,
shall bo able to increase our production. Wo can-
not do either if the duty is repealed or lessened.
We cannot believe that Congress will consider it
wise or important to destroy this industry by repeal-
ing the duty when such manufacture is important
for the national power, desirable for tho commerce
and for the dovclopmont of the resources of the
couutry, advantageous to its rovenue, to it^ indus-
trial interests generally, and especially to the con-
sumers ol its product; and when it forms thodepend-
ence and support of msiuy of its citizens.
Very resp ctfully submitted by tho Now llavcn
Chemical Company.^ ^ DWIGJIT> rmr.
March* 1872.
Mr. KELLOGG. I withdraw my pro forma
amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I presume it is in order to
move an amendment to the text of the bill
before the question is taken on the motionto
strike out. I therefore move to amend by in-
serting before "saltpeter" the word " artifi-
cial."
Sir, there seems to be no Difference of opin-
ion among the members oi this House in regard
to what is desirable with respect to saltpeter.
"Villainous saltpeter" itself is comity to be
regarded as a desirable thing; and all agri.e
in regard to what they want with respect to it,
except that one defines saltpeter to be one
thing, and another delines it to be a Oilier
ent thing. My friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] who desires all things to come in tree,
and to raise duties, God knows how, wants
saltpeter to come in free. But there is an
objection to manufactured or artificial salt-
peter being imported free ol duly. Hence I
have moved to amend the text ol the bill by
inserting "artificial" before "saltpeter.'
This will make a sufficient distinction between
natural saltpeter, which is imported from
India, and that which is manufactured i" our
own country from chemical ingredients, ihis
amendment will give protection to our domes-
tic manufacture, while at the same time tlio
natural saltpeter will be admitted free of duty.
I hope this amendment may be favorably con-
sidered. I think that, if adopted, it will re-
move all objections to this branch of the bill.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Conger, there were-—ayes eighteen, noes
not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring oil the motion ot
Mr. Starkweather, to strike out tho para-
graph, there were—ayes 73, noes 65.
Mr. CONGER called for tellers
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. oTARK-
WEATHER and Mr. Kellooo were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 53.
So the amendment of Mr. Starkweather
was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On sal-soda and soda-ash, ose quarter cent per
pound.
Mr. SYPHER. I move to amend by stick-
ing out the clause just read and inserting
'• Sal-soda and soda-ash shall ba exempt from
duty."
Mr. DAWES. I raise a point of order on
that amendment.
The GII A. Hi MAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Louis-
iana [Mr. Syphkr] can move that amendment
when we como to the free list.
Mr.'SYPHEIt. Mr. Chairman, I withdraw
my motion, and will now move to strike out
the paragraph.
The Olerk read the amendment as follows:
Striko out these words:
On sal-soda and soda-ash, ono fourth of a cent per
pound.
Mr. SYPHER. I make ihis motion, Mr.
Chairman, for the reason that sal-soda is one
of the principal elements which enter into the
composition of soap. It is an article which is
used by every man, woman, and child in the
couutry.
Mr. STEVENSON. Or ought to be.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SYPHER. I take it for granted it is,
and if any geniletnan here does not use it now
they ought hereafter to use it, or change their
company [Laughter.] We cannot now com-
pete with England in the manufacture of
•soaps. That country now undersells our man-
ufacturers in Cuba, Mexico, and Central
Ameiiea—countiies which geographically may
be considered part of this country.
We export rosin and grease, the elements
from which soap is made, to England ; she
manufactures it into soap, and sells it to our
neighboring countries, a market, which legiti-
mately belongs to our own citizens. The
West produces largo quantities of grease, and
the South of rosin and cotton-seed oil, enough,
if manufactured into soap, to wash all crea-
tion, including the " great unwashed." While
1 am on this question, I desire, Mr. Chairman,
to notice some remarks made yesterday by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Earns-
wokth.J Re'erring to the articles of coal, salt,
and lumber, lie goes on to say:
"You go to men of tho South, tho interest of
whoso constituent* in clearly ami dircctly in f.ivor
of rod acini? the tariff on some of thrsn articles, and
you will thom up and indiiec them to veto oven
to the prejudice of their constituents, and got them
into tlio siuuu ring."
If there is any fixing up of members on this
floor from the South ou this question, 1 do not
know it. If 1 have observed the votes of
southern Representatives correctly on the dif-
ferent interests involved in the pending bill,
they have not placed themselves under the
wouid-be leadership of either free-traders or
protectionists in this House or out of it, but
they have uniformly voted independently and
in the interest of their constituents. I repel
the charge that we belong to any ring. 1 do
not know what the gentleman means when
he makes that charge. Aside from that,
my colleagues from the South on this iloor
voted to reduce the duty on coal, salt, and
lumber. 1 make this motion now in the in-
terest of the whole people. 1 am in favor of
cheap soap, and we shall secure it by placing
soda-ash on the free list.
Mr. HAZELTON, of. New Jersey. Mr.
Chairman, 1 call the attention of the committee
to the fact that soda-ash is not an article pro-
duced in this couutry at all. To a great ex-
tent it enters into the manufacture of glaso,
an interest of great importance in this country,
and especially in my district. -Chat interest
is very much depressed, almost broken uown.
I hope soda-ash will be placed upon the free
list.
