1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
discrimination us to color in the matter of vot-
ing. bwau^e ltint is expressly conferred upon
th.s Ooveiiiment, and going a step further
and laying npon them an inhibition to make
no such legislation in filling offices. The right
to serve in the jury-box strikes me as a polit-
ical right like that of serving on the bench,
it is not, inherent in a citizen. If it was, a
woman would have as much right to serve in
the jury-box as a man. A woman is as much
a citizen as a man, and always has been under
this Government. The political right to be a
judge, the political right to be a sheriff, the
political right to bo the clerk of a court, the
political right to serve as a juror, seem to me
to fall into the same class and belong to those
political rights as to which the States always
have discriminated and may still discriminate.
The right to testify in court is undoubtedly
one of those inherent privileges that belong
to a citizen which the State cannot impair;
but that is different from the political right to
serve as a juror or judge; at least it seems so
to me.
Mr. NORWOOD. I ask the Senate to in-
dulge me for a moment in reference to the
remarks of the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Fhelixuiiuysen.] I should like to call
his attention to the fact that there is language
used here that does not apply to congres-
sional legislation; for instance the word "ordin-
ance" could not refer to any legislation of
Congress. It would refer to a constitutional
provision which would be higher than the
statutes, and this statute could not repeal any
ordinance of the Government of the United
States.
Again, the word "custom" being used
shows that it relates to the States, because
there is no such thing as a custom in United
States law; it is all positive law. Then come
in State statutes and State common law, which
shows clearly that the drawer of this amend-
ment, intended it should reach every State reg-
ulation which prohibited marriages between
whites and blacks.
Mr. POMEROY. I inquired of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin when he introduced this
amendment wherein it differed fiom the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and I understood him to state quite con-
cisely the difference. The Senator from
•Georgia replied more at length, in which he
said the difference among other things con-
si.-ted m this: that it repealed the law they
had in Georgia, against the intermarriage of
white and black people, l^did not know that
they had any such law in Georgia, but I have
known for many years since we commenced
the agitation of this anti-slavery struggle our
Democratic friends were always afraid that we
should bring about a state of things whereby
peopie o
f one color would be allowed to marry
those of another, and 1 have known them to
go so fur as to pass a law restraining them-
selves from marrjing black women. I have
never felt the necessity of any such statute,
[laughter,] and I think it is a sort of imposi-
tion upon a man to place him under any such
restraint. In any State or country that 1 ever
lived in men were in the habit ot choosing
their wives and marrying them. If anybody
wants a law to restrain him on that subject. 1
do not know that I should object to his hav-
ing it, and yet 1 never could see the necessity
for one.
Mr. NORWOOD. If the Senator from
Kansas will pardon me tor a moment. I will
say tlmt we have such a law, and all ^e ask is
to be "let alone. ' If had the extreme
virtue of the Senator, probably we should not
need it. [Laughter. J
Mr. POMKKOY. I did not, understand the
.Senator. My point, however, is simply this;
that if this amendment of the Senator Irom
Massachusetts repeals a law that they have in
Georgia, or any other State, on that, subject, i
do not think it should be opposed on tuat
ground, for I trust our friends there do not
need the restraining influences of any such
law, and they ought not to oppose this amend-
ment on that ground. If there are other rea-
sons, they may be good ones, but I cannot con-
ceive that such a reason should be a good one,
because they ought to have the largest liberty
in Georgia that they have in any other State,
and it is a question of taste and choice which
I think should not be regulated by law.
But, Mr. President, I noticed that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] in
his reply spoke about races of men and races
of women. I thought we had got beyond that
question long ago. I know of the human race,
but I do not know auything about races of
men as if it had come to pass now that men
had difi'erent origins, that there were divers
kinds of human beings, one descending from
above and the other ascending from beneath.
Why, Mr. President, I learned long since to
regard mankind as of the human race. I
learned in ray childhood that man was made
but a little lower than the angels, not that there
were any races of men. I hold that every in-
dividual, the poorest and the weakest, is a man
notwithstanding, allied to immortality, and that
in no sense can it be said that one is superior
to the other; certainly not in hia origin; cer-
tainly not in his destiny, and, if anything, only
in his attainments, only in the circumstances
that have surrounded him.
J trust, that in this country and under our
Government at least, where all power is de-
rived from the consent of the governed—and
we have introduced every human being into
the governing class among us—we shall not
now argue for a law to restrain men from asso-
ciating together whom God hath made of one
blood. I cannot conceive that this amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin can be open to
any such objection as has been made by the
Senator from Georgia ; but, if it is open, I
say then there should be no obstacle placed
to its passage, because if any one in Georgia
is suffering from a law of that kind it ought
to be repealed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not precisely under-
stand the shape of the two amendments that
are proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin
and the Senator from New Jersey. I am
desirous of voting for the principle of the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts. I did vote for it before, but I voted for
it inadvertently in one respect. You will
recollect, sir, that it was on the last day before
the recess when the Senate was in much con-
fusion. and I did not understand that there was
anything in it restricting it in any wa}", or
regulating public worship. If the amendment
of"the Senator, from New Jersey frees the
amendment of the Senator from IViassachu-
setts from that altogether, I am willing to
<ro for it; otherwise I shall vote for the
amendment of the Senator lrom Wisconsin,
and I was in hopes the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would accept so much of the amend-
ment at least as freed his proposition from
all religious restrictions. I say so, because
I am very anxious indeed to vote to give to
the colored people all their legal rights, but I
shall not vote to give any person any religious
rights, or to take from any person any religious
n°hts If there are white men so foolish as
, to believe that it is.not. right for negroes to
! worship with them, I pity them, but I shall
not vote to deprive them of their undoubted
right to worship so. If, on the other hand,
there are colored men who are so foolish as iO
be unwilling to worship with white people,_ I
pity the delusion, but 1 respect the rights in
each ca^e. I shall not vote for any bill that
contains any provision which interferes with
!j religious worshio, even if u compels me to vote
I; against the amnesty bill, which I should regret
!■ very much. We have just put m the ola House
i' of Representatives the statue ot the founder
ii of our State, and I think if I were to give a
vote of that kind the great apostle of religious
liberty would descend and animate the lifeless
stone and walk over here to rebuke me for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pat-
terson in the chair.) The pending question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. BO REMAN. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendmentto the
amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I inquire if it is in orde.
now to offer an amendment to the substitute
ofthe Senator from Wisconsin?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order to move to perfect the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
but it is not in order to amend the_ amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Wisconsin,
because that is an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. The amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin is offered as a substi-
tute. Will there be an opportunity, after it is
adopted as a substitute, to amend it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
in order to amend it, by way of addition.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would suggest to the
Senator from Wisconsin if it would not be bet-
ter to put his words in the exact language of
the constitutional amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. In what respect ?_
Mr. ANTHONY. "Race, color, or previous
condition of servitude." You have some other
words in it.
Mr. CARPENTER. If there is anything
else let it be stricken out.
Mr. ANTHONY. The word "nationality"
is used.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will strike that out.
I meant to follow the language of the consti-
tutional amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, and will do so if it is in order to amend it
afterward. In some respects I like it better
than the original amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think, if the Senator from
Indiana will give me his attention, I can sug-
gest how he can reach the object he has m
view. If the text of the amendment offered
by the Senator from Wisconsin be adopted it
will be the sense of the Senate in those words,
and will stand and cannot be amended : out a
new and distinct proposition, which may be
additional matter, can be offered by way of
addition, and the Senator, if he desires to
amend it in that way, will be in order to move
it after its adoption.
Mr. MORTON. I want to add the fourth
section of the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts. .
Mr. HAMLIN. That will be m order, it
the substitute shall be adopted, after its
adoption.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken,
I hope the Senate will pardon me if I explain
briefly the difference between the two amend-
ments. , . u ,,
First, let me say a word m regard to the way
in which the amendment moved by me comes
before the Senate. Even this circumstance
has been dwelt on in this debate, and 1 have
been criticised—I think not alwajs justh—on
that account. Here is a memorandum made
for me at the desk from the Journal of tne
Senate, which shows the history of this amend-
ment. I will read it:
"May 13.1S70. Mr. Sumxer asked and obtained
leave to bring in a bill! tf. No. 9115) supplementary ■ o
act entitled ;An act to Protect all pet.cn,, of he
Tinned States in their civil righto, anil to turn ,
the means of their vindication, pass^ /.I!' V01
which was read the tiisc. and seco. d nme, and 10
ie"rjuh^7^S"t)UaK^ported%^Mr. TuuMiiuLL. among
othe "bills, adversely, and the bill indefinitely post-
poned."
