3510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from Louisiana will not be adopted.
This sal soda duty has been reduced from one
half to one quarter of a cent, which I think is
a sufficient reduction at the present time in
connection with the revenue. I myself have
had no application from the soap manufac-
turers for any greater reduction. Therefore,
I take it for granted the committee, after full
conference with all parties interested in sal-
soda importation, have reached a point where
the Government and the soap manufacturers
will be best served I will therefore sustain
the committee in their recommendation.
Mr. BECK. Let me sav a word.
Mr. RANDALL. I will yield my time to
the gentleman.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, perhaps the
committee ought to know before this is voted
out what they are doing. Sal-soda is clearly
a revenue article. We import now soda-ash
to the value of $2,400,000, and the revenue
derived from it is $727,179 71. That is the
amount which at present goes into the Treas-
ury of the United States, and every dollar
that is collected from that article goes in there.
It is $200,000 more than is collected on coal,
about which so much fuss has been made, and
we have reduced it from one half of it cent to
one quarter of a cent, giving relief and taking
off revenue to the amount of $363,576, or fifty
per cent.
I merely wanted to let the House know
what ihe revenue from this article was; and,
so far ns I know, nobody appeared before the
committee wanting any greater reduction than
from one half of a cent to one quarter of a
cent.
Mr. BLATR, of Michigan. It is a mistake
to suppose that this article is not made in this
country. It is made to a considerable extent.
It is made in the town where I live. There is
an establishment for its manufacture there
which has about half a million of capital
invested, and it is making soda ash very suc-
cessfully. They complain, however, that the
protection is very slight as the law now stands.
A reduction of it one half is certainly severe
enough.
Theic is no reason why we cannot make
soda-ash in this country jusf as well as they
can make it anywhere. We have all the
materials out of which to make it, and it is
being made, as I have stated, in some quarters
of the country. It is an industry that I
think is growing somewhat.
And then, sir, 1 have an old-fashioned re-
spect for the idea of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] that after all the tariff has
a slight reference to revenue. I have thought
myself a pretty considerable protectionist some-
times, but I have been entirely out-Heroded
in the declarations substantially, in the course
of this discussion, that after all the revenue is
of no account at all in connection with the
taiiff. I had an idea that Ihe protection was
merely incidental, and that it grew out of the
nature of the case; that we needed revenue,
that we placed it upon an article from which
we can derive it; and if anybody should go
and manulaciure that article I have not been
able to see piecisely how the country was to
be harmed by it.
But it would seem now as if the question
was not altogether or mainly in regatd to the
revenue, but as to who shall get advantages out
of it. And from that stand-point I quite
entered into the idea of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] yesterday, when
he said that he thought there was in this dis-
cussion nothing but a bargaining back and
forth.
Now, I submit that upon this article of soda-
ash revenue may as welt be raised as upon
any article upon the list. There is none
better for that purpose. And if the people in
my part of the country, or in any other part of
the country, while we are raiding the revenue
upon this, should see fit to manufacture the
article, 1 really hope nobody will feel bad
about it. I hope, therefore, that the small duty
the committee have left here, the revenue they
have left, and the incidental benefit that may
accrue—-I do not know if any will or not—will
be allowed to remain.
Mr. COX. I do not know how the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Blair] voted on tea
and coffee.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I voted to make
them free.
Mr. COX. The gentleman voted to make
them free?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I did. .
Mr. COX. Now 1 have the gentleman.
[Laughter.] I rather suspected that the gen-
tleman voted to make tea and coffee free.
Every dollar of the tax on tea and coffee goes
into the Treasury; none of it goes into the
pockets of anybody in this country, because
the article is not raised here. If my honor-
able friend from Michigan [Mr. Blair] were
consistent he would vote to make this also free;
for there is a revenue of $727,000 from soda-
ash, and of $137,000 from sal-soda; and the
article is not made in this couiitry, and can-
not be made here.
I differ with the gentleman in one respect.
I want all these chemicals put on the fiee list.
I do not care whether it piotects the manu-
facturer or not. I am in favor of the largest
free list. In England they have only thirteen
articles which they tax; we have some thir-
teen hundred. It costs more here to collect
our revenue. My friend from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] corrects me. He says thirty-live hun-
dred articles are on the list, and I suppose
that is true, including all the particulars
instead of generalizing them.
Now, the gentleman lias said that nobody
asks lor this reduction on sal-soda and soda-
ash. The importers in the United States
perhaps might be regarded occasionally. 1
know that gentlemen on the other side, when
ever we speak for the importers, say '"Oh,
you people in New York handle all the mer-
chandise; you make the money; you make
the ten per cent, as importers." Sir, the
importers ask what they make without con-
sideration. When they handle the goods they
pay for them by their own labor; they do
not. ask bounties from the Government. 1
hold in uiy hand a letter fiotn one of these
importers. He says:
" I am an importer of soda-ash, sal-soda, bleach-
ing-powdcrs, madder cxtruct. Mr. Dawes's taritl' is
a reduction of ono fourth ot a ce.nt on ash and sod.i,
free on the rest. Is there any clianee of those being
the rates? Chemicals >-huul(l be free as they are
valuable to our manufactures—soap, glass, bleach-
ing. Washerwomen usolotsof sodaandare entitled
to some protection."
That comes right back to the argument of
my honorable and able friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth,] who spoke yesterday on
this question. These men, in this tariff, have
so made it, have included so many articles,
that they tax even the washerwoman that
cleans the bony linen ot Congressmen. They
tax thirty five hundred different articles, tax
ing even the soap which the washerwoman
ut>es to clean the delightful linen such as my
friend from Pennsylvania who is now on the
floor [.Mr. L Myers] wears.
Mr. L. MYERS. Allow me to say that there
is alarge manufacturing interest in this country
which requires soda-ash, and yet has protested
against any reduction of the duty on that
article. The glass and soap manufacturers
particularly have petitioned Congress to re-
tain it. It would reduce soap but one tenth
of a cent, or one eightieth of the price, to make
soda ash free, and it. would reduce the cost of
paper but one fourth of a cent per pound,
while to retain the present low rate of duty
would continue the protection to the manu-
facturing of soda-ash in this country, and give
us an annual revenue of $727,000.
Mr. KILLINGKR. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will ask an
intelligent one.
Mr. KILLINGER. It is, whether with the
views you express you will support a protec-
tionist candidate for President?
Mr. COX. I will answer the gentleman's
question by quoting further from the letter I
have read:
" Greeley is carrying everybody here. All parties
are for bim. Although a protectionist, Ac., ho is
considered an honest man, and is demoralizing tho
present Administration."
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Send that letter to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. COX. No, sir; it is strictly private
and confidential. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. Is the letter addressed to
Mr. Voorhees?
Mr. CROCKER. Mr. Chairman, I regret
exceedingly myself that the duty upon soda-
ash has been touched upon ; and let me give
my reasons in a single word. We have tried
in this country, over and over again, to man-
ufacture this article. Everybody within the
hearing of my voice knows that soda-ash and
bleaching-powder are kindred matters, and
generally go together; they are generally
made at the same woiks. Now, I have said
that we have made repeated efforts during the
hist thirty years to manufacture these ariicles
here, and every time we have made the effort
firms in Great Britain, when they have found
that, we were .-naking the article—and 1 under-
take to say that we made a better article ia
Maryland than is made anywhere el.-e— in-
structed their agents here to put down the
powders until you have broken down the
American manufacturers. Now, I use this
article by the ton every week, and I say that
they have done that over and over again when
we have attempted to manufacture the article,
and they have broken down the manufacture
here; and after they had broken down the
Baltimore works, where they made better
bleaching-powder than elsewhere, and have
broken down the manufacturer after he had
invested $100,000 in it, they then put up pow-
ders. Our friends in England are supremely
careful of their own interests.
What is the United States paying for this
article now? We are paying a hundred per
cent, more for them than they really are
worth. We are paj itig for bleaching-powders
to-day, or were the last time I had news liom
home irorn my own mills, and I have seven of
them, six cents a pound, when, if we extended
the shield of protection over these articles as
we did before, we should be paying no more
than three cents a pound in currency for a
better article. I said I bad seven mill-, but
do not, be alarmed. Paper is not the only thing
I make by any means I make more money
out of my farm than I do out of anything else.
[Here ihe hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Let us have a vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not yet; I want to
say something first.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we will have a vote
when the gentleman geis through.
Mr. FAttNSWORTH. My friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] occupies the floor
so little thatif lie warns to have the attention
of the Committee of the Whole for a time now
I will yield to him.
Mr. DAWES. No; I do not want to speak ;
I want a vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that soda- •
ash will he put upon the free list. By this bill
it is proposed to reduce the piesent duty one
half. I think it should be taken off_eniireIy.
Soda-ash is used very largely, perhaps tho
majoi'i'y of the article is used in the manufac-
ture of paper. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Crocker,] who has Just, ad
dressed the committee, I understand is a large
manufacturer of paper. If so, he undoubtedly
uses a large quantity of soda-ash iu its mauu-
