4406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
RIVBlt AND HARBOR BILL*
Mr., STEWART. I call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reg-
ular order is the unfinished business, which is
House bill No. 2247.
Mr. CHANDLER.- I desire to make a
report from a committee of conference.
Mr. STEWART. I call for ihe regular
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
of a conlerence committee at this period of the
session is considered rather a privileged ques-
tion, although it is not so strictly by rale.
Mr. SPENCER. I wish to state that this
morning a vote was taken on the bill to re-
move* the disabilities of two persons, which
disclosed the absence of %. quorum. It was
then generally understood ■ that leave was
granted by unanimous consent that the vote
should be taken on that bill on our reassem-
bling t.bis evening. The only thing wanting is
to take the yeas and naya. I hope we shall
now vot« upon it in accordance with the unan-
imous consent given this morning.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us first act upon
the conlerence report.
The PRESIDEN f pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the conference report, and it will
be read.
Mr. POMEROY. A conference committee's
report baa no privilege as against the unfinished
business. One objection puts over a confer-
ence report as well as the report of any other
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
•of a cimimiitee of conference is not strictly
under ihe rules a privileged question, butprac-
l ically at this period ot ihe session it h s alwitj s
been so regarded. The Chair will receive this
report, anil it. will be now read.
The Chief Cletk read the report, as follows :
Tho committee ot' eonforenco on tho disagreeing
volts ol ilu) iwo Houses on tho amcndmenis io the
bill (II. 11. No. £.08) making appropnatiooa loriho
lep.Hi, piesei va lion, and completion oloerlain pub-
lie. work* on. rivers and Inn burs, and lor other pur-
poses, havnig met, alter lull and free conlcrenoe
have agreed u> leeommenU, ami do'recommend to
their respyotive Houses, as follows :
That the Senate recede irom their amendments
numbered I, 33, 34, 35, SB, 37, 38,3S), 40, 41, 42 43, 40.
40, and 4ti,
.Timi. rtie Honso of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the uincmltneuls ot ihe Se"-
iito numbered 2 3, 0,7.11. 12. U 14,15,10. 20. 21, 22,
20. 27. 28, 211. 30, 31, and 32, and nfiiee to Ilio .same.
That tiie House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered 6, and
agiee lo the tonne with ilu amendment, us follows:
sirikeout ot .-aid lunoridnient the woitl "iilty," a,nd
insert in lieu tho word "thirty;" and tile Senate
iijrreo to the sumo.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the aiuendineiitot ibe Senate numbered8,and agieo
to the same with un amendment to substitute tor rlie
same Ihe loltowinf?: "l?oi iiuplovomeutot theMis-
si&sippi, Missouri, and Ai'Uans is rivers, ; tor
hupiovomeiit of the Lullo Missouti rivet, &IO.OJO;
tor improvement ot the Ouac'nta river in Arkansas,
$60,000; and tnr tile impioveuient of ihe Ouachita
liver in Louisiana, $40,000;" and tho Senate aijiee
tu the same.
That, the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment ot ihe Senate numbeicd 17, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows :
strikeout ot s.ud amendment the words "one hun-
dred," a.nd insert in lieu the words " seventy-five;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
'1 hat the House recedefrom their disagreement to
tho amendment ot the Semite numbered 40, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
etiikeoutof said auieudmentthe words proposed to
auieml the title ot the bill, and add at the end ot
said Senate amendment the following; "Provided,
That so much ol the amount herewith appropriated
lor ihe survey of rivers and harbors as is requisite
lor contingencies may be usetl for bald purpose
and the Senate agree to ttie same.
Z. CHANDLER.
WM. A. .BUCKINGHAM,
GbORUK VICKER3,
Managers on. the part of the Senate.
PHILETUS SAWYER,
L. A SHKLDON,
SAMT31SL J. RANDALL,
Manager* on the part oj the lioune.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
disagree to this conference report and ask for
a uew committee of conference. The reason
I ask the Senate to disagree is this: the com-
mittee of conference, as I understand, have
made but two amendments, one of which is
to reduce the appropriation for the Mobile
bay and harbor Irom $100,000 to $75,000.
Mobile bay and harbor is of national import-
ance. The commerce there is great and con-
stantly increasing. One fifth ot the cotton of
the country is shipped from there. This bill
is full of places where money is appropriated
that cannot be found on the map. Money is
appropriated in this bill for the improvement
ot rivers that were never navigable, and 1 insist
that, it is a shame and an outrage to reduce the
appropriation tor Mobile hay and harbor from
$100 000 to $75,000. 1 hope the Senate will
disagree to this report and that a new commit-
tee will be had.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It seems to me that
the Semite should agree to the report, ot' the
committee of conlerence. The committees of
the two Houses were very nearly agteed in
ihe bill as it passed. The conference com-
mittee were under the necessity of making
certain coropionuses. It is very possible that
the appropi lation is not large enough for Mo-
bile harbor; it is very possible and probable
thatamuch larger amount might be expended
justly, properly ; but the dilliculty is that the
Government cannot now appropriate all the
money which is necessary io improve ail the
harbors, and not being able to do all that is
essential, the committee reported in favor ot
going as far as possible, in order to meet the
views of" the two Houses and accommodate the
bill lo the amount of money at hand for this
purpose.
Mr. SPENCER. I would like to ask the
honorable Senator from Conneiticut a ques-
tion. There are appropriations in this bill for
his State that are of no earthly consequence.
There are $40,000, if my memory serves me,
appropriated for the Connecticut river north
ot Hartford, and the Senator from Connecti-
cut knows, and every other man in this coun-
try knows, that the Connecticut river north of
Hanfoid was never navigable.
Mr. liUCK I NGH A M. I am very much
snrpiised at ihe declaration of the Senator
froui Alabama. There are laige steamboats
running now between New York and the ci<y
of Hartford, as they have done for more than
twenty years. I beg leave to say another
thing 
Mr. SPENCER. I spoke of the Connecti-
cut, liver north of Ilartlord, above Hartford.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Small steamboats
have run above Hartford.
Mr. SPENCER. 'There are appropriations
in this bill of quite large amount for Otter
cieelc, in the State of Vermont. I never heard
of that, being a navigable stream.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, Mr. President, it,
is not very surprising that the honorable Sen-
ator from Alabama never heard of it as a nav-
igable stream. I do not, know that Otter creek
is lo blame for that. If he will go up there,
he will find that it is altogether too deep for
his swimming. Otter creek is much older
than the rose in Alabama, to use one of the
old poetical expressions. It was the place
where the fleet that beat the British in 1812, in
the battle of Lake Champlain, was built.
Steamboats regularly run from the New York
ports on Luke Champlain to Vergennes. I do
not blame my honorable friend for not know-
ing that, fact; but I repeat, Otter creek is not
to blame for that.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. T will say a single
word more in reply to the Senator from Ala-
bama, ftshe alludes to the Connecticut river.
Since the report of the engineers a vessel has
been sunk ot) the bar at the mouth of the
Connecticut river. It is now very difficult for
steamers to pass that bar in consequence of
the wreck, and it is very essential that an
appropriation should be used there for the
purpose of removing that wreck. I will say
still further that it is very probable that this
bill makes appropriations for the improve-
ment of places which are not yet of very great
importance. I do not know that, it is possible
to make appropriations so as to use the money
with perfect equity in accordance with ttie just
demands of the various places; I do not sup-
pose it is possible, but 1 believe that this bill
is as just and equitable, all things considered,
as can pass the two Houses of Congress at this
session, I hope the Seuate will concur.
Mr. SPENCER. 1 am not opposed to the
appropriation for the Connecticut, river. I am
not opposed to removing obstructions on the
bar at, the mouth of the Connecticut river. I
presume there is a bar there, and it interferes
with commerce largely. '1 here is a bar in
Mobile bay, which interferes with the com-
merce of the world, and we want it removed,
and here that appropiiation is largely i educed
in this bill, while laigeappropriations are made
for places of no importance whatever—I could
repeat them, to tiie amount of two or three
millions—while the paltry sum of $25,000 is
taken off the appropriation for Mobile buy and
harbor, as agreed to by the Senate. I think it
is an outrage, and 1 hope the Seuate will dis-
agree lo llie report.
Mr. EDMUiSDS. I have examined the In-
dian land bill, and have suggested to my friend
from Michigan an amendment to strikeout the
proviso to which attention was called, and to
insert a direct declaration that none of the
lands herein mentioned shall be subject to be
taken under any grants of lands for any pub-
lic works or improvements or by any railroad
company ; and that, being satisfactory to him,
if it is to the Senate, I have no objection to
the pas«age of the bill, because it then merely
leaves the Indians to make selection under
another section and have the lands the sub-
ject of piivate entry, and as I stopped the
passage ot the bill a moment since I ask unani-
mous consent, to 1 t it be acted on.
Mr. SAWYER. Let the conference report
be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the report of the committee of con-
ference on the river and harbor bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As this leads to some
little discussion, and as some remmks that I
made the other day it, seems did injustice to
the engineer corps, I wish to say a word in
regard to it. I off red an amendment the other
clay requiring the engineer corps to give in form-
ation as to the amount of tonnage and com-
merce upon the rivers and places they exam-
ined wi-h a view to their improvement. I am
informed that the officers of the engineer
corps are in the habit of doing that already.
It will also be recollected that I referred
the other day to a river in Louisiana that I
had not heard of. My attention has been
called to the report of the engineer corps
showing the character of that river and its
improvement, and I should like the attention
of the Senate for one moment that they may
see how the money of this people is being
squandered and for what purposes. There is
an appropriation in this bill for the improve-
ment of the Tangipahoa river.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir, those very sur-
veys that you are discussing were cut out by
the committee of conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very glad it in
stricken out, but it passed this body.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was struck out by
the committee of conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to knov!
how it was struck out. Both Houses agreed
to it. It was in the bill as it came from the
House.
Mr. WEST. I do not think it ought to be
struck ont.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator says it
