1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
of letters almost daily from the South, com-
plaining of the impossibility of obtaining jus-
tice in State courts because colored fellow-
citizens ate excluded from the juries. I say,
therefore, from the necessity of the case and
also from the analogy of witnesses, the courts
should be opened to colored jurors, i think
the Senator makes a mistake in striking his
blow in the very temple of justice. He strikes
down the safeguards of justice for the whole
colored race; and what is the excuse? That
to sit on the jury is a question of politics, that
it is a political right and not a civil right.
Sir, I cannot bring myself to make any ques-
tion whether it is a civil right or a political
right; it is a right. It is a right which those
men have by the law of nature and by the Con-
stitution of the United States, interpreted by
the Declaration of Independence. The Sen-
ator smiles. I know he smiles always when
the Declaration of Independence is mentioned.
Mr. CARPENTER. I smiled in approba-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, I am very glad
to have the Senator's approbation.
Mr. CARPENTER. I modify that and say
"assent."
Mr. SUMNER. "Assent" or "approba-
tion," itis welcome. But, sir, not content with
striking at the colored race even in the very j
temple of justice, the Senator goes further,
and finding an apology in the Constitution,
insists upon an exclusion from churches which
Petroleum V. Nasby had set up before. From
juries I now come to churches. The Senator
is not original; he copies, as I shall show
him, from a famous Democrat, who flourished
during the war. But before I come to his pro-
totype, let us consider the^constitutional ques-
tion'presented by the Senator with so much
gravity, without even the smile that piays.so
readily on his countenance. He seemed in
earnest when he read these words of the Con-
stitution :
" Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-
lishment of religion, or prohibiting thefree exercise
thereof."
And then without a smile he argued that the
application of the great political principles of
the Declaration of Independence and of the
recent constitutional amendments to p. church
organization incorpoiated by law was a viola-
tion of this provision, and he read from the
work of the much venerated friend of my early
life, and my master, the late Judge Story,
expounding that provision. I do not know if
the Senator read these words from the, com-
mentary of that great jurist :
"The real object of the amendment was not to
countenance, much less to advance Mahometanism,
or Judaism, or infidelity, by prostrating Christian-
ity ; bat to exclude all rivalry among Christian
sects"—
See, sir, what it is—
"but to exclude all rivalry among Christian sects,
and to prevent any national ecclesiastical establish-
ment, which should give to a hierarchy the exclusive
patronage of the national Government."
How plain and simple ! The real object was
to exclude all rivalry among Christian sects,
atid to prevent any national ecclesiastical estab-
lishment. This was the real object.
But  he Senator says if Congress declares
that the Declaration of Independence in its fun-
damental principles is applicable to a church
organization incorporated by State or national
authority, we violate this provision of the Con-
stitution ! You heard him, sir ; 1 do no injus-
tice to bis argument.
The great jurist, Judge Story, continues m
another place:
" It was under a solemn consciousness of the dan-
gcrs from ecclesiastical ambition, the bigotry ot
spiritual pride, and the intolerance of sects, thus
exemplified in our domestic as well as in toreign
nun.lis, that it was deemed advisable to cxcluriclroni
the national Government all power to act upon tho
subject."
To act upon what subject? The subject of
a religious establishment. No pretense here
of denying to Congress the establishment of
police regulations, if you please, or an enforce-
ment by law of the fundamental principles of
the Declaration of Independence. There is
nothing in this text inconsistent with such a
law. The Constitution forbids all interference
with religion. It does not forbid all effort
to carry out the primal principles of repub-
lican institutions. Now, sir, here is no inter-
ference with religion. I challenge the Sena-
tor to show it. There is simply the assertion
of a political rule, or, if you please, a rule of
political conduct. Why, sir, suppose the
manners and morals recently revealed to us
by the vivid pen of one of our best writers,
which prevailed in Virginia during the early
life of Mr. Jefferson, should find a home in the
churches of Washington. You may have read
Mr. Parton's account, that very ofien the cler-
gyman reeled from the door to the pulpit; he
reeled with intoxication while he was pronounc-
ing the benediction, sometimes at the funeral
service, sometimes at the marriage service.
You find the account in a late number of the
Atlantic Magazine. Suppose Congress, taking
into consideration the peculiar circumstances
of such misconduct, should give expression to
public sentiment and impose a penalty for
such intemperance here under our very eyes,
would that be setting up an established church ?
Would that be a violation of the Constitution,
in the provision which the Senator invokes,
" Congress .shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religion?" And yet in the
case I suppose, Congress would enter the
churches; it might be only in the District of
Columbia: but the case shows how untenable
is the position of the Senator, according to
which the effort of Congress to preserve
churches from the desecration of intemperance
would be kindred to setting up an established
religion. But there is a desecration as bad as
intemperance, which I now oppose. And I
introduce the case of intemperance only as ail
illustration.
And now, sir, I come to the question. Sup-
pose Corfgress declares that no person shall
be excluded from any church on account of
race, color, or previous condition, where is
the interference with the constitutional pro-
vision ? Is that setting up a church establish-
ment? Oh! no, sir. It is simply setting up
th.e Declaration of Independence in its primal
truths, and applying them to churches as to
other institutions.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me, not for the purpose of interrupting him,
but to come to the point? Suppose Congress
should pass a law that in no church in this
country should the Host be exalted duriug
divine service?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator knows very
well the difference. That is a religious ob-
servance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not the point at all.
Mr. CARPENTER, (to Mr. Edmunds.)
Give it to me.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator from
Wisconsin makes a mistake. Congress cannot
interfere with any religious observance. Con-
gress can do nothing to set up a religious estab-
lishment. It can make no law respecting an
establishment of religion. But the Senator
must see that in the case he puts the law
would be the very thing condemned. I thank
him for that case. I propose no interference
,! with any religious observance. Not in the least.
I; Far from it.
Sir, the case is as clear as day. All that 1
i| ask is that, in harmony with the Declaration
|! of Independence, there be complete equality
ij before the law everywhere, in the inn. on the
j! highway, in the common school, in the church;
'I av, sir, and in the last resting-place on earth.
|| The Senator steps forward and says " No; I
ij accent cqualitv everywhere except in the
church: there tiie Declaration of Independence
ji i.- powerless; there the idea of a white man s
i: Government shall prevail; a church orgamza-
li tion may be incorporated by national or State
il authority, and yet allowed to insult brothers ot
the human family on account of their skin.
Only in the church can this outrage be perpe-
trated; because to forbid it would interfere
with religion and set up an establishment."
Such, sir, is the argument of the Senator,
and he makes it in the name of religious lib-
erty ! Good God, sir ! Religions liberty 1 The
liberty to insult your fellow-man on account
of his skin! You listened to his eloquent
argument. I felt its eloquence, but I regretted
that such eloquence was employed in such a
cause. I said that he had consciously or uncon-
sciously copied from Petroleum Y. Nasby.
Here is a letter of that renowned character,
entitled "Goes on with his church," from
which I read a brief passage:
Church of St. Vallandtqum.
June the 10//',, 1863.
We hed a blessid and improvin time yisterday.
My little flock staggered in at the usual hour in the
mornin, every man in a heavenly frame uv mind,
hevin bin ingaged all nite in a work uv mercy, to
wit, a mobbin uv two enrollin officers. One uv era
resisted, and they smote him hip and thigh, even ez
Boh ash smote Jahcel. (Skriptooral, wich is nesaary,
bein in the ministry.) He wuz lefc for dead.
"VVe opened servis by singia a hym, wich I writ,
eommenein ez follows:
" Shel niggers black this land possess,
And mix with us up here?
Oh, no, my friends; we rayther guess
AVe'll never stand that 'ere."
[Laughter.]
S.ir, 1 ask you if that is not the Senator's
speech. [Laughter.] I know not whether it
is necessary for me to go further. Something
more I might say. Very well, I will; the
Senator rather invites me.
Mr. CARPENTER Oh, certainly, go ahead.
Mr..SUMNER. The Senator becomes here
the representative of caste; and where, sir?
In a Christian church; and while espousing
that cause he pleads the Constitution. Now,
sir, I have to repeat—and here I am determ-
ined not to be misunderstood—-we have no
right to enter the church and interfere in any
way with its religious ordinances, as with the
raising of the Host, according to the case put
by the Senator; but when a church organ-
ization asks the benefit of the law by an act
of incorporation, it must submit to the great
primal law of this Union—the Constitution of
the United States, interpreted by the Declara-
tion of Independence. The Senator smiles
again; I shall come to that by and by. When-
ever a church organization seeks incorporation
it must submit to the great political law of the
land. It can have the aid it seeks only by
submitting to this political law. Here is noth-
ing of religion—it is the political law, the law
of justice, the law of equal rights. The Sen-
ator says no ; they may do as they please in
churches because they are churches,^ because
they are homes of religion, of Christianity;
there they may insult on account of tho skin.
I call that a vindication of caste, and caste in
one of its most offensive forms. You all know,
sir, the history of caste. It is the distinction
of which we first have conspicuous record in
the East, though it has prevailed more or less
in ail countries: but it is in the East that it
showed itself in such forms as to constitute
the type by which we describe the abuse. It
is an offensive difference between persons
founded on birth, not unlike that maintained
among us on account of a skin received from
birth.
And now pardon me if I call attention to
the way in which that discriminut'.on hat, been
characterized by the most eminent peisons
familiar with it. I begin with the words of
an estimable character known in religion ana
also in poetry—Bishop Heber, of Calcutta,
who characterized caste in these forcible
" It is a system which tends, more than any else
the devil has yet invented, to destroy, the feelings
of general benevolence, and to make nine tenths of
mankind the hopeless slaves of tne remainder.
Then comes the testimony of Rev. Mr.
Rhenius, a zealous and successful missionary
in the East:
" I have found caste, both in theory and practice,
