1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1719
to make one line of road it will be a broken-
baclced railroad. They built the first line
because it was profitable to build it when they
did so ; and they did not build the other be-
cause it was not profitable at that time. They
have waited seventeen years, until by the
settlement of the country, by the industry
of others, these lands have been brought into
market and rendered valuable, almost in-
valuable. Now, they come and ask for a
resurrection of the grant. On what ground ?
Equity?
Sir, the first rule of equity is that he who
asks equity must de equity. The Govern-
ment had the right to the completion of this
line of road seven years ago. Had this been
done the alternate sections would have baen
sold at $'2 50 per acre long since, and thus
three or four million dollars would have been
added to our treasure, while the prosperity of
the country would have been enhanced. By
willful neglect the parties who should have
built this road have injured the nation to this
extent.
But they have broken faith in another form.
Having induced Government officers without
warrant of law to surrender the control of
these timber lands to them upon the promise
to account for the proceeds, they have refused
or neglected to account, and now conceal the
facts, so that while we know they have a large
amount of public money to which they have
no right, we do not know whether the sum is
fifty or one hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
Again, they have broken faith with the settlers
who, relying on their promises to build this
road, have taken up lands along the line.
If these parties were in a court of equity
they would be required to show due diligence
and good faith, which they could not pretend
to show, and then to make good the damage
to the Government by loss of sales of lands,
with interest on the proceeds, to account for
and pay over the public money they have un-
lawfully received and unlawfully hold, with
interest thereon, and then to compensate the
settlers whom they have deluded for whatever
losses they may have suffered by the want of
a road. Yet, such is the blindness of these
spoiled monopolists that with hands unclean,
and faith thrice broken, they have the assur-
ance to talk of equity, and demand a revival
of a grant they have twice forfeited, without
■making compensation for injuries inflicted by
their failure to perform their contract; and
they even arraign the Government for the
wrongs they themselves have done to the
settlers.
It is time the recipients of public bounty,
one and all, should know that favors con-
ferred for public ends impose duties, and that
they will be held to the performance of those
duties. They have been so long indulged that
they seem to consider that every favor granted
creates an obligation on the part of the Gov-
ernment to grant another, and another, when-
ever it may be asked ; and the obligations of
the Government seem to increase, while those
of its favored citizens decrease in a geometrical
ratio to favors granted, until these classes
begin to imagine they have a first mortgage
on the Government, with all its functions,
property, and treasures.
This occasion presents a fair opportunity to
dispel this delusion. Let us adopt and pass
the substitute offered by the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Ketcham,] restoring _ these
lands to actual settlement, and thus give all
subsidized corporations to understand that
when they fail to comply with the conditions
of grants they lose the grants, and that their
loss will be the people's gain.
This motion brings us face to face with the
people, who demand that the public lands
shall be reserved for actual settlers.
The people are unanimous in this demand;
all parties bow to their voice. Every party
platform announces the doctrine; every re-
spectable newspaper, partisan and independ-
ent, advocates it. This House, last Monday,
reaffirmed it without division, no man daring
to oppose it. This is the first application we
have been called on to make of what we then
professed, and the people will not fail to read
the record we make to-day. Wise men are
busy reading the news from New Hampshire.
Having taken an humble part in that struggle,
and felt the pulse of that gallant and loyal
people, as only a public speaker can, I testify
that if there be one thing on which the people
of New Hampshire agree without audible dis-
sent, and about which they are thoroughly in
earnest, it is that the remainder of the public
domain shall be secured to actual settlers. If
either party had offered this measure it would
have been condemned by the people for that
alone, but all parties emulated each other in
zeal for this reform, and the two old parties
sought to lay the abuses of the past at the
door of each other.
_ But we are told that this measure is excep-
tional, because these lands if not granted to
this company will go to the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company. If this be so, then, if we
take them from that company, it will get
others in lieu of them. And this is the point
which was concealed from this House for a
whole day by the advocates of this bill, when
it was first considered two weeks ago. They
would still, if they could, ignore the fact that
for every acre granted this company which the
North Pacific Company would otherwise get,
that company must have another acre, and
will take the best it can find within its limits.
When the five projected land-grant railroads
about Lake Superior are all done, every acre
of land within the region covered by their
influence, whether agricultural, mineral, or
pine land, will be of great value, and the
North Pacific Company will find enough good
land in Wisconsin or in Minnesota to make
up for this grant. So that in attempting to
take lands from that company by granting
them to this we are but increasing the total
grant of public lands by every acre thus given
away, and adding over a million acres of the
best lands hitherto ungranted in those two
States to the graud total of railroad grants.
But as a last appeal we are asked to pity a
few settlers along this line, and grant public
property, worth ten or fifteen million dollars,
to wealthy capitalists, in order to aid these set-
tlers. If we were under obligations to make
good to the settlers the broken promises of
others we could better do so by taking back
the lands and giving them others on other
lines with compensation for losses. And this
compensation could be made from the moneys
unlawfully received from the proceeds of the
timber on these lands and withheld from the
Treasury. But the claim of the settler is not
against the Government; it is against the
parties who were bound to build this road and
failed to do so. The fervent advocates of the
rights of these deluded citizens would do better
to declaim against the guilty parties.
The fact that they raise this hue and cry
against the Government shows that the names
of the settlers are used as a cover for this
attempt upon the public domain. And this
accounts for the singular spectacle presented
in this House where we see gentlemen from all
parts of the Union, North and South, East
and West, from the Atlantic and Pacific slopes
from the Mississippi valley, from the lakes,
and even from the Gulf States; gentlemen of
both parties in about equal proportion rising
up simultaneously in the name of the "set-
tlers" of St. Croix, of a few lumbermen of
northern Wisconsin. What is the bond of
sympathy which thus reconstructs the Union?
Is it indeed a common sympathy for distressed
fellow-citizens? Would that it were. But no,
Mr. Speaker, it is something more powerful
and less honorable than sympathy. It is inter-
est. It is common interest of capitalists and
large land-owners, at St. Paul, at Superior City,
in the East and the West, and at the South. Do
gentlemen suppose their outcry about settlers
can cover up the fact that distinguished men
in Kentucky and in Georgia and other southern
States are interested in this speculation, either
as stockholders in the corporation proposed,
or as land-owners along the line and at its term-
ini. What else could bring so many south-
ern gentlemen on the other side to support
such a measure?
Do its advocates suppose the people do not
know that eastern capitalists are interested both
in the corporation and in lands to be benefited ?
What else could move such men to oppose the
policy favored by the people of the eastern
States, and to advocate and support such a
project as this ? Do members of this House sup-
pose that the combination of all interests asking
lauds and subsidies to carry this measure,
escapes our eyes and ears ? Do not all intelli-
gent members and observers know that bargains
have been openly made, by which all such inter-
ests are in firm alliance to aid each other, and
to force this measure through this House in
order to make a breach iti the line of those who
feel it their duty to defend the public domain
against all comers, and ^preserve the public
lands for the people and their children ? The
advocates of this measure have gone so far as
to bargain to divide the lauds with another
railroad company not contemplated by Con-
gress, in order to get influence to pass this bill.
Certainly this measure has been well chosen
by the combination of subsidists, capitalists,
aud monopolists. There is no other on which
they can unite more power; but we meet thom
here on their own chosen ground and deliver
battle for the people, confident that the right
must prevail.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KETCHAM. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make an explanation of the action of
the Committee on the Public Lands—not to
say anything concerning the merits of the bill.
Mr. CONGER. I object, unless I can have
consent to occupy a minute or two.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Cogger] objects. The time
allowed for debate having expired, the ques-
tion is first upon the pending amendments.
The first amendment is that of the gentlemau
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldredge,] to strike
out in the second section, reported as an
amendment by the committee, the words which
will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Or as granting to said State any lands in lieu of
which other lands raijht be selected by said North-
ern Pacific Eailroad Company.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the whole sec-
tion may be reported, so that we may under-
stand the effect of this amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. That this act shall bo so construed as to
grant to the State of Wisconsin all the lands here-
tofore reserved and ombraeed in its provisions
which would inure to the Northern Pacific Eailroad
Company, under existing laws, by any location of
said Northern Pacific Railroad Company authorized
by existing laws, if this grant, or extension had not
been made to said State of Wisconsin, and as lim-
iting the grant to the lands which, in the absence
of further legislation, would, by fair interpretation
of existing laws, inure to the benefit of or might be
taken bv the Northern Pacific Eailroad Company:
Provided, That this act shall not be construed to
enlarge the grant of land to the Northern Pacific
Kailroad Company, or to authorizo said Northern
Pacific Kailroad Company to select lands elsewhere
in lieu of any lands embraced in this act, or as
el-anting to said State any lands in lieu of which
other lands might be selected by said Northern
Pacific Kailroad Company, or as granting any coal
lands.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to add at the end of the section just read the
following:
That before the provisions of this act shall ha%p
the effect of law there shall he paid by the author-
ities of the State of Wisconsin all moneys recoived
and held by said State, coming from the lands here-
tofore granted, for timber cut and sold, or from
sturupngo, or from penalties from trespassers.
Mr. RUSK. We have no objection to that
proposition. We will pay that money over at
any time.
