3512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
farther ; and I believe books and papers should
be imported free of duty in all cases, and the
■whole paragraph should be stricken out. I
believe there should be no tax on communica-
tion of thought from one man to another.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
if his amendment includes books printed in
foreign languages.
Mr. HOAR."It includes all books imported
for public libraries, or universities, or societies
incorporated for philosophical purposes. It
is the existing law except that the existing law
admits free books imported by the order of
such institutions, &c. This admits free books
imported by their order for their own use.
Mr. KE11R. I do not wish to antagonize
the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.] I am in favor of it.
But 1 rise to offer an amendment to the text
of the bill, to strike out '' twelve and a half"
and insert " ten."
Mr. Chairman, the duty on this kind of
imports is twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
It is the opinion of some that twelve and a
half cents per pound will be nearly equivalent
to twenty-five per cent, ad valorem. I think
it is a^ual to thirty per cent, at least, but a
specific duty will operate, as every gentleman
will see, upon an entirely different principle
from the ad valorem duty. _ It operates upon
a principle of necessary inequality. When
you impose a dutv by the pound on books, or
literature of any kind, it becomes of nec isity
an arbitrary duty; it has no relation to v.aue ;
and therefore gentlemen will see at a giance
that i he effect of this duty by the pound is to
discriminate in favor of the people in the
country who use high-priced books, and to
discriminate against tlie people who use cheap
books. And it holds out direct encourage-
ment to the producers of books abroad to
make them upon light, flimsy, trashy paper,
that will weigh as light as it is possible for
paper to weigh, and yet be heavy enough to
receive a fair and legible impression in ink.
It will readily be conceded by any gentleman
that such a policy cannot operate to the ad-
vantage of the people. The country needs
not only cheap literature, but also books that
are mechanically andariistically well executed.
It seems to me that if we adopt this policy
?,t all, we ought to carry it. so far as at least to
do approximate justice to the common people,
to the people who read the cheaper class of
books, and cheaper editions of books of value
all over the country. My own judgment is,
but in this 1 was overruled by the committee,
that a much better and fairer rule would be t.0
reduce the present ad valorem duty to some-
thing like twenty or fifteen per cent, instead
of twenty-five. I yielded, however, in that
matter, to the judgment of the committee,
and 1 am not now inclined to antagonize that
opinion, unless some other gentleman should
offer a motion to that effect.
The revenue tie if resulting from the duty of
twenty-five per ceut. ad valorem, is, I believe.
Borne four bundled and fourteen thousand
dollars. I believe the eff ct of this change in
the policj of the Government would not be
very material on the re> enue. Under any
ciicumstances ] t>>ink that, a duty of ten cents
will produce more to the revenueby many thou-
sands than a duty of twelve and a half cents a
pound. A duty of eight cents, I believe, would
produce a* much. If there is anything in the
world which comes within the uses of the
people evtrywhe.", and t.iat ought not to be
burdened with a tax which is a bounty to any-
body, ! am-surt. it is literature, it is books of
all kmus. I wou..1 apply this to everything in
the snape of literature, no matter how cheap
or how tra-by it may be. Let the people pro-
tect themselves in the qualities of the books
they will read. The Government can exer-
cise no rightful censorship in this respect.
But i say, in the name of civilization, it is our
duty to give to them the cheapest possible lit-
erature in price that it is in the power of the
Government to give. This can best be accom-
plished by taking off bounty.
I believe that the producers of books in tbis
country to-day will be most prosperous, and
can  arry on their industry with entire vigor
and energy and prosperity, if they had not one
penny of duty. I do not believe that for
prosperity they need protection at all. The
difference between the prices abroad and the
prices here is not so great as that protection
per se is necessary at all any longer. Indeed,
it is my most deliberate conviction that if
there had never been a penny of protection
on books, the manufacture in our country
would be more vigorous and prosperous to-
day than it is. The real interests of the trade
and of the people have been injured, not ad-
vanced, by the tariff. But even now there is
not much difference against our producers and
in favor of foreign producers. This extract
from a memorial placed in the hands of the
Ways and Means a few weeks ago by liver five
sixths of all the American publishers will
sustain my statement:
"I. Wo have carefully examined the comparative
cost of two editions of the same book, uniform in
every respect, one of which is imported, and the
other printed and bound in this country, and the
result is as follows :
"Say, a volume of Bohn'sLibrary, retailing at3«.
0(I. sterling:, wbich costs in sterling 1«. iW,. equal to
forty-two cents in gold, to which itdd, duties twen-
ty-fivo per cont.: charges live per cent., and ex-
change, with gold at one hundred and ten per cent.,
making tho cost of this book, delivered in the Uni-
ted States, sixty cents in currency.
The actual cost of raanufacuturing samobook in this
country,paper, printing, and binding uniform in
every respect, is at present tirao at most $0 40
And supposing this book to be an American
work, an addition of fifteen cents should be
mado for author's copyright  15
Making a total of.  55
for an American copyright work, against sixty cents
for the imported book, at present rates of duty and
gold,  fee.
" Supposing this book to be a reprint of the Eng-
lish publication manufactured in this country, the
American copyright would not enter into the cost,
and tho expense of production would in this case be
only forty cents for the Americann edition, against
sixty cents for tho Knglish.
" From which it is apparent thatthe present duty
yields more protection than is really necessary."
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me, sir, that
books of all kinds should be put upon the free
list. I therefore make the motion to strike
out this paragraph, with a view to putting
books of all kinds on the free list.
I present this motion with the greater confi-
dence from tlie fact that if the duty is imposed
as is proposed to be done kere, by the pound,
the injustice is manifest. The expensive and
costly book purchased by the citizen of leisure
and wealth pays no more tax than is imposed
upon the book which the mechanic must have
in order to become intelligent in bis pursuit.
By the pending proposition of a duty of
twelve and a half cents per pound the elegant
volume and the cheap book are taxed alike.
If, on tho other hand, you impose this tax on
the basis of an ad valorem duty, you open up
a wide field for fraud that cannot possibly be
avoided, for, in the nature of things, books
are not subjects of exact, or even very near
approximate valuation. On both grounds this
is an impracticable subject of taxation. I do
not think this should bo regretted, for there is
no form in which such a tax should be imposed.
You cannot adjust a tax on intelligence and
learning, because it ought not to be taxed at
all unless the public exigencies imperatively
demand it. Books should be placed on the
free list—free as the air, free as God's glorious
sunlight. Sir, it is lemaikable that at this
time this tax is suggested, when even during
the war a tax was imposed on books with reluc-
tance. It is remarkable that now, when we
are relieving even some of the conveniences of
life, some of the articles that approach to the
luxuries of life, and can do so and ought to
do it, from taxation, that still we should leave
the source of learning and intelligence subject
to taxation. We have very properly relieved
tea and coffee from taxation, and made them
free as the common and necessary luxury of
all. We ought not, therefore, to tax that
better kind of luxury, the food of the mind,
the luxury of intelligence, that by wbich all
the relations of life are to be elevated and en-
nobled, by which free government itself is to
be _ sustained, by which enlightenment and
civilization are to be carried on, and by which
all that is pure and good and excellent in life,
in time and hereafter, is to be adorned and
elevated. To impose a tax upon this is to my
mind unworthy of the American Congress,
and to do it in the interests of protection, that
some men may grow richer, is mean and
sordid—an unworthy motive side by side with
a noble and unselfish object.
I say sir, to talk of taxation on an .agent of
intelligence as an element of protection is in-
conceivably wicked. _ It is a proposition to
protect a comparatively small number of
people at the expense of the whole people,
and not of the whole people only, but of the
generations who press upon us, and upon whose
shoulders are to rest the duty of carrying
on tho principles of enlightened government.
Can sordid motives find any resting-place here?
I trust that, with unanimity, tho House will
make books, these sources of intelligence and
means of learning, absolutely free.
Let us not humiliate our country by con-
tinuing this tax; it is not needed. Let us
place books on the free list, and if the monop-
olist must have protection to increase his
gains, let him seize upon something less pre-
cious.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] although proceeding in the
right direction, is too radical to claim justly
the assent of the committee to his proposition.
My opinion is that the amendment proposed
by another gentleman representing the same
State [Mr. Ivekr] is much nearer the truth,
and is that the duty shall be as low as it can
be made without placing books on the free
list. I think a reduction of twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem to twelve and a half or fifteen
per cent, would be a proper adjustment under
the circumstances.
Mr. KERR. The proposition of tho bill is
to reduce the tax of twenty-fiye per cent, ad
valorem to twelve cents a pound.
Mr. BANKS. I had not observed that, but
I was speaking of the duty under the existing
law. I am for making the tax an ad valorem
one if it can be done, or at least as low as it
can be made consistently with the publishing
interests of tho country. Now, I believe, of
the two classes interested in books, the pub-
lishers may be regarded as the most prosper-
ous. As a general thing they are prosperous
beyond those engaged in other pursuits, but
those, who use the books are, to a great extent,
among the poorest people of the country, and
although I would be glad to support the prop-
osition of my colleague [Mr. Hoar] to except
books for colleges and schools, yet I must say
that those who use them are not so limited in
means as many other classes of citizens who
are subject to the same necessity, and ought
to be entitled to the same privileges.
Mr. HOAK. My amendment also includes
public libraries.
Mr. BANKS. Very well, but still it does
not except all the classes that have a just
claim to our favor. As a general rule those
who have the means to get books do not want
them, and those who most thirst for t.hem are
often without means to gratify their laudable
aspirations.
The men who want books and maps, in the
first instance, are the poor men of the country,
students, journalists, men entering the learned
professions—the ministry, thepractice of medi-
cine or the law, engineers, draughtsmen, archi-
tects, mechanics, artists, merchants, scientists,
the pursuits of general literature—all these want
