1720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a question of order.
I understood the amendment I offered last
evening was received and pending, but I have
not heard it read by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was not in his
seat yesterday; bat he is informed that the
gentleman's amendment was objected to and
not received.
Mr. BANKS. I did not so understand it.
Mr. KING. My understanding was that
the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was received. '
Mr. HOLMAN. I understood tho amend-
ment was offered to tho substitute of the gen-
tleman from New York, and was received
without objection.
The SPEAKER. According to that under-
standing, the Chair will rule it as being re-
ceived and now pending. Is there objection to
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Raxdall] being received and
pending?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I should like to have that
amendment again read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. BUSK. We accepted that, and are
ready.
Mr. COX. Was my motion to lay upon the
table received?
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on that motion now.
Tho SPEAKER. The motion is in order,
if it be made.
There was no objection to Mr. Randall's
amendment being received, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The question first recurs
oil the amendment of tho gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldeedge,] to strike out of
the proviso in the second section of the report
of tUe committee the words, " or as granting
to said State any lands in lieu of which other
lands might be selected by said Northern
Pacific Railroad Company."
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope we will have the
section read.
The Clerk read the second section, as follows:
Skc. 2. That this act, shall bo so construed as to
grant to the State of Wisconsin all the lands hereto-
iore reserved and embraced in its provisions which
would inure to tho Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, under existing- laws, by any location of said
.Northern Pacific Railroad Company authorized by
existing laws, if this grantor extension had not been
made to said State of Wisconsin, and as limiting tho
Krant to the lands which, in the absenco of further
legislation, would, by fair interpretation of existing
laws, inure to the benefit of or might betaken by
the Northern Pacific liailroad Company: Provided,
That this act shall not be construed to enlarge tho
grant of land to the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, or to authorize said Northern Pacific Railroad
Company to select lands elsewhere in lieu of any
lands embraced in this act, or as granting to said
State any lands in lieu of which other lands might
bo selected by said Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, or as granting any coal lands.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
03, noes 01.
Mr. STEVENSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldredge
and Mr. Stevensox were appointed.
Tbe House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes 57.
!Mr. AMBLER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
message frojl the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Simpson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 895) granting a pension to Hannah Gray,
without amendment.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 491) placing
tho name of Theodore S. Comparel on the
pension-roll; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 10G0) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending Jubc SO, 1873, with sundry amende
ments ; in which the concurrence of the House
v/as requested.
st. croix and lake superior. railroad.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 88, not voting
73 ; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Averill, Barber, Beek, Beveridge,
Bigby, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Burehard. Caldwell, William 'X. Clark, Comingo,
Conger, Conner, Cotton, Crocker, Darrall. Dawes.
Donnan, Dox, Du Bose, Duell, Duke, Bunnell,
Eames, Eldredge, i'arnsworth. Wilder I). Poster,
3?rye, Garfield, Garrett, Goodrich, Ilale, Handley,
Harper, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Hooper, Houghton, Lansing, Leach, McCormick,
McJunkm, Merriam, Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Orr,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Eli Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Price, Ritchie, Rogers, Rusk,
bargent. Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley, Sheldon, Sher-
wood, Slater, Stoeum, Sloss, John A. Smith, Worth-
lngton C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer,
Stoughton, Sutherland, 'L'affe, Thomas, Washington
lownscnd, Twichell. Waddell, Waldron, Warren,
Wells, and Young—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Beatty, Biggs, Bingham, Braxton, Butlinton, Coburn,
Coghlan, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Davis, Dickey,
Finketnburg, Eorker, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Hal-
deman, Hancoek, Hanks, Harmer. John T. Harris,
Havens, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Herndon, Holman,
Kelley, Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, Killingcr, King,
Lewis, Lowe, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, Mo-
Crary, McGrew, McKinney, Mercur, Merrick, Mor-
gan, Niblack, Packard, Packer. Aaron P. Perry,
Porter, Prindle, Randall. Read, John M. Rice, Ellis
H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Shanks,
Shoemaker, It. Milton Speer, Sprague, Stevens,
Stevenson, Storm, Strong, Terry, Turner, Tyner,
Upson, van irump, Voorhees, Wakeman, Walden,
Whiteley, Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
, J ehn T.Wilson, and Winchester—83.
NOl VOTING—Messrs, Acker. Ames. Banks, Bar-
num, Barry. Bell, Bird, James G. Blair, Boles,Bright,
James Brooks, Burdett, Benjamin J?. Butler, Roder-
ick R. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Cox, Creely, De Large, Elliott, Ely, Farwell,
Charles Poster, Henry D. Foster,Halsey, Hambleton,
George L. Harris, Hereford, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar,
Kellogg Ivinsella. Lamison, Lamport, Lynch, May-
nard, MeHenry, Mclntyre, McKee, McNeely, Ben-
jamin b\ Meyers, Monroe, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Hosea W. Parker, Peck, Perce, Potter,
Ilainey, Edward Y.Rice, Roosevelt. Sessions, Shella-
barger, Shober, II. Boardman Smith, Starkweather,
Stowell.St. John, Swann, Sypher, Dwight Town-
send, Tuthill, Vaughan, Wallace, Walls, Wheeler,
Willard, Williams of New York, and Wood—";!.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. COX stated that he was paired with his
colleague, Mr. Williams.
Mr. McCLELLAND stated that his col-
league, Mr. Acker, was paired with Mr.
Tutiiill, who would vote for, while his col-
league would vote against the, amendment.
Mr. BIIiD stated that he was paired with his
colleague, Mr. Halses:, who would vote in the
affirmative, while he would vote in the negative.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, stated that he was
paired with Mr. Boles, who would vote "ay,"
while he would vote in the negative.
Mr. PECK stated that he was paired with
his colleague, Mr. Monroe, who would vote
in the negative, while he would vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, stated that
he was paired with his colleague, Mr. Ames,
who if present would vote "ay," while he
would vote l'no."
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to announce
that on this question Mr. Farwell, of Illinois,
has paired with Mr. Ely, of New York. Mr.
Farewell would vote for this proposition, and
Mr. Ely against it.
I he result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
order op business.
Ihe SPEAKER. When the hour of two
o'clock arrived the Chair did not call the
attention of the House to the fact, tho call of
the roll being then in progress. He now
announces that the remainder of to-day after
two o'clock, being the third Friday of the
month, belongs to the Committee for'the Dis-
trict of Columbia. But the Chair is advised
privately that the Committee for the District
do not wish to report business to-day, but to
make a statement.
Mr. POLAND. The Committee for the
District of.Columbia ask unanimous consertt
that they may have Friday of next week in-
stead of to-day. 1 will state that the reason
for this request is, .that our time has been
wholly occupied by our investigation in rela-
tion to the government of the District, so that
we have had no time to consider the ordinary
business coming before the committee. I
would state also that the chairman of our com-
mittee, the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Starkweather,] is sick in bed. We there-
fore ask unanimous consent that we may have
Friday of next week.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from. Ver-
mont [Mr. Polaxd] asks that by unanimous
consent the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia may have Friday of next week, after
two o'clock, instead of to day, assigned for
the business of that committee. Is there
objection ?
Mr. HOAR. I object.
Mr. POLAND. 1 give notice that on Mon-
day I will move to suspend the rules so as to
assign Friday of next week, after two o'clock,
to the Committee for the District.
The SPEAKER. It will be the duty of the
Chair on Monday to recognize the gentleman
from "Vermont for that purpose.
st. croix and lake superior railroad.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 565) to extend the time to the
State of Wisconsin to complete a road from
Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior.
The SPEAKER. The amendment moved
by the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
redge] having been agreed to, the question
recurs upon the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Public Land Sj as thus
amended.
The amendment of the committee.
amended, was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is next on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Killinger,] which iha
Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the first section the following:
J'rovided, That in tho construction of tho >«mcl
railroad there shall bo used none other than rails
manufactured from American iron.
Mr. COX. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 52, nays llo, not voting
75 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Bigby, Bingham.
William T. Clark, Cobb, Coghlan, Crocker, Darrall,
Dickey, Duell, Wilder D. Foster, Getz, Goodrich,
Griffith, Harmer, Mays, John W. Hazelton, Hooper.
Ketcham, Killingcr, Lowe, McClelland, McGretf,
McJunkin, Mercur, Merriara, Morey, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Packer, Eli Perry, Randall, Saw-
yer, Scofield, Sheldon, Shoemaker, Worthington
C. Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague, Stoughton, Stowell. Strong. Swann, Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Upson, Whiteley, Wil-
liams of Indiana, and John T, Wilson—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Averill, Beatty".
Beck, Beveridge, Austin Blair, James U. Blair,
Braxton, George M. Brooks, Bufiinton, Burehard.
Caldwell, freeman Clarke, Coburn, Comingo, Con-
Scr, Conner, Cotton, Cox^Critcher,Crossland, Davi?,
•awes, Donnan, Dox, Du Bose, Duke, Dunneli,
Eames. Eldredge, Earnsworth, Finkelnburg, Porker,
Erye, Garfield, Garrett, Golladay, Haldeman, Ilam-
bleton, Hancock, Handloy, Hanks, Harper, John
T. Harris, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton, Heru-
don, Hoar, Holman, Kerr, King, Lansing-, Leach.
Lewis, Manson,Marshall, McCormick, McCrary, Mc-
lntyre, McKinney, Merrick, Moore, Morgan, Orr,
Packard, Palmer, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perrv,
Peters. Porter, Price, Prindle, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts,
William It. Roberts, Robinson, Rusk, Sargent, See-
ley, febanks, Sherwo.od, Shober, Slater, Slocum,
feloss, Snapp, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Taffe,
j i oma8, Tyner, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wad-
trT?ll' y'akeman, Walden, Waldron, Warren, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitthorne, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Win-
Chester, Wood, and Young—113.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Acker, Aines, Bank?,
Barber, Barnum, Barry, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Boles,
fright, James Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Benjamin
h. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Carroll,
U-ebs, Creely, De Large. Elliott, Ely, Earwclh
Charles Jboster, Henry D. Foster, Hale, Halsey,
(xcorge E.Harris,Havens, Hereford, Hibbard, Hill.
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Kinseila, Latn-
ison, Lamport, Lynch. Maynard, MeHenry, McKee,
McNeely, Benjamin F. Meyers,-Mitchell, Monroe,
