824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
to he diametrically opposed to the gospel, which
inculcates love, humility, and union; whereas casta
teaches the contrary. It is a fact, in those entire
congregations where caste is allowed, the spirit of
the gospel does not enter; whereas in those from
which it is excluded we see the fruits of the gospel
spirit."
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him to ask whether these com-
mentaries are read for the purpose of con-
struing the Constitution of the United States?
That is the only point of difference between us.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will learn
before I am through. I shall apply them. I
am not speaking against time, the Senator
well knows. Another missionary, Rev. C.
Mault, follows in similar strain :
" Caste must be entirely renounced, for it is anox-
ious plant, by the side of which the graces cannot
grow; for facts demonstrate that where it has been
allowed Christianity has never flourished."
And now, sir, let me ask you to hear the
voice of a Hindoo convert to Christianity:
"Caste is the stronghold of that principle of pride
which makes a man think of himself more highly
than he ought to think. Caste infuses itself into and
forms the very essence of pride itself."
Another native expresses himself as follows:
"When God made man his intention was, not that
they should be divided and hate one another, and
showcontempt. and think more highly of themselves
than others. Caste makes a man think that he is
holier than another, and that he has some inherent
virtue which another has not. It makes him despise
all those that are lower than himself in regard to
caste, which is not the design of God."
And another native uses this language:
"Yes, we regard caste as part and parcel of idola-
try and of all heathen abominations, because it is
in many ways contrary to God's word, and directly
contrary to God himself."
I shall conclude these extracts with a sum-
mary by the Rev. Joseph Roberts, from whose
work on caste I have gathered them:
" We must, in every place, witness against it, and
show that even Governmeutitselfisnurturingatre-
mendous evil, that through its heathen managers it
is beguiled into a course which obstructs the pro-
gress ol civilization, which keeps in repulsion our
kindlier feelings, which creates and nurses distinc-
tion'! the most alien to all the coidialities of life;
and which, more than any other thing, makes the
distance so immense betwixt the governed and gov-
ernors."
These witnesses are strong and unimpeach-
able. In caste government is nurturing a tre-
mendous evil, a noxious plant by the side of
which the graces cannot flourish; part and
parcel of idolatry, a system which, more than
anything else the devil has yet invented, tends
to destroy the feelings of general benevolence.
Such is caste—odious, impious, accursed,
wherever it shows itself.
Now, sir, I am ready to answer the inquiry
of the Senator whether 1 read these as an
interpretation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Not precisely that 5 but I do read
them to exhibit the outiage which seems to
find a vindicator in the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. in thirf respect at least, that he can look
at the Constitution interpreted by the Decla-
ration of Independence, proclaiming the equal
rights of all. and find no word empowering Con-
gress to provide that in churches organized by
law this hideous outrage shall cease. I think
I do 110 injustice to the Senator. He finds no
power. He tells us that if we exercise this
power we shall hive an established church,
and he invokes the Constitution. Sir, 1, too,
invoke the Constitution; not in one solitary
provision as the Senator does, but troin its
preamble to its last amendment, and I invoke
the Declaration of Independence, The Sen-
ator may smile. I know how he treats that
great charter. I know how in other days he
has treated it. But, sir, the Declaration still
lives. It has been trifled with, derided,
insulted often on this floor, but it is more
triumphant now than ever. Its primal tiuths,
announced as self-evident, are more command-
ing and more beaming now than when first
uttered. They are like the sun in the heavens,
with light and warmth.
Before 1 proceed further with the Declara-
tion (which I shall in a moment) allow me to
call attention to an answer by a colored fellow-
citizen to this whole objection of the Senator
from Wisconsin. It is not I who speak. I
should like to have said or written what I am
about to read, and I think there is 110 Senator
who might not be proud to be the author of it:
"Mr. Morton, we know, is a man of sterling worth,
a lover of justice to all men, and the indefatigable
supporter of the Government; yet we think his
amendment to the civil rights bill is unnecessary.
If churches and cemeteries are to be excluded from
the amendment, only partial justicewill be donethe
cause. Partial justice is injustice as partial right is
wrong. They are absolute terms. Churches and
cemeteries when incorporated ,by law should be
governed by law, and in such instances the whim
and caprice of a people cannot be entertained."
Sir, I am not. saying this; it is a colored
fellow-citizen who speaks. He proceeds:
"It is a baneful thing to create invidious distinc-
tions in any government; but more especially in a
free ftopublio. The nearness with which one man
sits to another in a church has nothing more to do
with his conscience"—
The Senator from Wisconsin seems to think
otherwise—
"than the sitting in the same seat in a toeater
forms like opinions of the drama, or its actors. or
sitting at the same table in a hotel affects tho judg-
ment or the taste. Matters in font camtcietdke are
not the business of the law. The negro sits in .the
Senate, inthell use of Kepresentatives, in the judi-
cial chair, in the jury-box, side by side the white man,
vying with his associates. What is tho basis of any
argument which justifies a distinction or difference
made between him and his white brother in churches
or cemeteries? To make a distinction in this latter
place is the highest type of barbarism."
I do not say that. It is a colored fellow-
citizen who thus answers the objection of the
Senator—
" Distinction in graveyards, justified by consoience,
which can as easily make a fiend of a man as a God.
It is to be feared that ere the amendments to the
civil rights bill aro through, it wilt be so distorted
that we shall scarcely be able to identify it."
Sir, is not the Senatoranswered ? Is not the
distinction clear as noonday between what is
prohibited by the Constitution and what is
proposed by my amendment? The difference
between the two is as wide as between the sky
and the earth. They cannot be mingled. There
is'no likeness, similitude, or anything by which
they can be brought together. 'The Senator
opposes a religious establishment. I assert
that there shall be no political distinction, and
that is my answer to his argument on churches.
And now, sir, may I say, in no unkindness,
and not even in the spirit of criticism, but
simply according to the exigencies ot this
debate, that the Senator from Wisconsin has
erred? If you will listen. I think you will see
the origin of his eiror. I do not introduce it
here, nor should I refer to it if he had not
introduced it himself. The Senator has never
had an adequate idea of the great Declaration,
Tho Senator smiles. Very well. I have been
in this Chamber long enough to witness the
vicissitudes of opinion on our Magna Charta.
I have seen it derided by others more than it
ever was by the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to ask
the Senator from Massachusetts when he ever
heard me deride it?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon
me; I am coming to that. The Senator shall
know. The person who first in this Chamber
opened assault upon the Declaration was John
C. Calhoun in his speech ou the Oregon bill.
June 27, 1848. He denounced the claim of
equality as " the most false and dangerous of
all political errorsand he proceeded to say
that it " has done more to retard the cause of
liberty and civilization, and is doing more at
present, than all other causes combined." He
then added that- " for a long time it lay dor-
mant. but in the process of time it began to
germinate and produce its poisonous fruits/
These poisonous fruits being that public senti-
ment against slavery which was beginning to
make itself felt.
This extravagance naturally found echo from
his followers. Mr. Peitit, a Senator Irom Indi-
ana, after quoting the words " we hold these
truths to be self evident, that ali men aro cre-
ated equal " proceeded to say :
" I hold it to be a self-evident lio. There is no
such thing. Sir, tell me that tho imbecile, the de-
formed, the weak, the blurred intellect in man is
my equal, physically, mentally, or morally, and you
tell mo a lie. Tel I me, sir, that the slave in tho
South, who is born asiave, and with but little oyer
one half the volume of brain attaches to the northern
European race, is his equal, and you tell what is
physically a falsehood. There is no truth in it at
nil."
This was said in the Senate February 20,
1854. Of course it proceeded 011 a wretched
misconstruction of the Declaration, which an-
nounced equality of rights and not any other
equality, physical, intellectual; ormoral. It was
a Declaration of rights: nor more, 1101- less.
Then, in the order of assault, followed a re-
markable utterance from a much valued friend
of my own and of the Senator, the late Rufns
Choate, who, without descending into the same
particularity, seems to have reached the same
conclusion, when, in addressing political asso-
ciates,he characterizes the Declaration oflnde-
pendcnce as "that passionate and eloquent
manifesto of a revolutionary war,'! and then
again spoke of its self evident truths as "the
glittering and sounding generalities of natural
right." This was iu his letter to the Maine
Whig State central committee, August 9, 1856.
In my friendship for this remarkable orator, I
can never think of these too famous words
without a pang of regret.
Th;s great question became a hinge in the
memorable debate between Mr. Douglas and
Mr. Lincoln in the contest for the Senatorship
of Illinois, when the former said, iu various
forms of speech, that, " the Declaration of In-
dependence only included the white people of
the United States;" and Abraham Lincoln
replied that " the entire records of the world,
from the date of the Declaration of Independ-
ence up to within three years ago.^ may be
searched iu vain for one single affirmation,
from one single man, that the negro was not
included in the Declaration." This was in
Mr. Lincoln's speech' at Galesburg, October
7, 1858. Elsewhere he repeated the same
sentiment,
Andrew Johnson took up the strain. After
quoting the great words of the Declaration he
said in this Chamber, December 12, 1859:
"Is there an intelligent man throughoutthe whole
country, is there a Senator, when he has snipped
himself of all party prejudice, who will come tor-
ward and say that he believes that Mr. Jefter.-on,
when he penned that paragraph ot' the Xloclaration
ot Independence, intended itio embrace the African
population? Is there a gentleman in tho Senate
who believes any such thing?", f * ,
"There is not a man of respectable intelligence who
will hazard his reputation upon such an assertion. '
-All this is characteristic of the author, as
afterward revealed to us.
Then, sir, in the list we skip to April 5, 1870,
when the Senator from Wisconsin ranges him-
self in line characterizing the great truths of
the Declaration as " the generalities of that
revolutionary pronuiiciarnento." In reply to
myself he rebuked me and said that it was my
disposition, if I could not find a thing in the
Constitution, to seek for it ill the Declaration
of Independence, and if it were not embodied
in the generalities of that revolutionary pro-
nunciametito, then to go still further.
That is not all, sir. I present this exposition
with infinite reluctance, but the Senator makes
it necessary. In his speech the other day he
undertook to state himself anew with regard
to the Declaration. He complained of me
because I mr.de the Constitution and the Dec-
laration coequal, and that I added that if
preference must be given to one it must be to
the Declaration. To that he replied:
"Kow, the true theory is plain"—
Mr. President, you are to have the "true
theory" 011 this important question—
"If the Senator from Massachusetts says that in
doubtful case* it is tho duty of a court or the duty
of the Senate or the duty of any public oflitcr to
consider the Declaration of Independence, ho is
right. So he must consider thewhole history ot ihis
country; ho must consider the history of the col-
onies, the Articles of Confederation, all anterior his-
tory. That is a principle of municipal law. Acon-
traet entered into between two individuals, m the
of the eases, must be read in tins light 01
