1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1721
Morphia, Niblack, Ilosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Par-
ker, Peck, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Rainey, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Sessions, Shellabarger, II. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Starkweather, St. John,
Sutherland, Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill,
T.-viehell, Vaughan, Wallace. Walls, Willard, and
Williams of New York—75.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The amendments to the
original bill having now been disposed of, the
Clerk will report the substitute offered yester-
day by the chairman of tho Committee on the
Public Lands, [Mr. Ketcham.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That all the lands which -were granted by Congress
in the year 1856 and the year 1864 to the State of
Wisconsin to aid in the construction of a railroad
from St. Croix river or lake to Lake Superior, with
a branch road to Bayfield, the said grant having
expired by limitation, be, and hereby are, forfeited
to tho United States, and shall henceforward be
subject to homestead entry and settlement under
the act of Congress approved May 20, 1662, " to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain," and shall be disposed of according to the
provisions of said act. Rut no part of said lands
shall beseleetedby or inure to the benefit of any rail-
road company under any assumed grant from the
United States; and said lands are expressly reserved
for the benefit of actual settlers under the provisions
of the said homestead act.
Mr. DUNNELL. I hope I may be allowed
to state that an impression prevails among
some members that this substitute has in some
way received the sanction of the Committee
on the Public Lands. That is not the case.
Sir. HOLMAN. I object to debate.
Mr. KETCHAM. I offered it on my own
responsibility.
Mr. DUNNELL. I so understood, but
other members supposed that it was sanctioned
by the committee.
The first question was on the amendment
to the substitute ©ffered yesterday by Mr.
Basks, which is as follows:
Provided, That no lands embraced in the grant to
the St. Croix railroad shall in any case revert to the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company; and all acts
or parts of acts inconsistent with this provision are
hereby repealed.
Mr. BANKS. That was intended to apply
to the original bill, and if there is no objection
I will withdraw it, as I intend to vote against
the substitute.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
leave it here. It certainly belongs properly
to the substitute. It was understood on this
side of the House that it was to come in as
part of the substitute.
Mr. BANKS. Very well; let it stand.
•The question was put, and there were—ayes
OJ. noes 45; no quorum voting.
tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldredge
aud Mr. Banks were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes 04.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
substitute as amended; and being put, there
were—a}-es 71, noes 09.
Mr. BUSK. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 85, not voting
00 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Beatty, Biggs, Bingham, Braxton, Buffinton, Bur-
chard, Burdett, Carroll, Freeman Clarke, Coburn,
Coghlan, Crebs, Criteher, Crossland, Darrall, Davis,
Dickey. Finkelnburg, Forker, Garfield, Getz, Gol-
laday, Griffith, Haldeman, Hanks, Harmer, John 1.
Harris, Havens, Ilawley, Ilay, Hays, Herndon,
Holman. Kelley, Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, Kil-
linger. King, Lewis, Lowe, Manson. Marshall, Mc-
Clelland, McGrew, Mclntyre, McKinney, Mercur,
Merriam. Merrick, Monroe, Morgan, Niblack, Pack-
ard. Packer. Aaron F. Perry, Porter, Prindle Ran-
dall, Bead, John M. Bice, Ellis H. Roberts, William
R. Roberts, Robinson, Rusk, Shanks, Shoemaker,
John A. Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Sprague,
Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stoweil, Strong. Sypher,
Terry, Turner, Tyner. Gpson, Van lrunip, Voorhees,
Wakeman,Whiteley,Whitthorne,Williams of Indi-
ana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Win-
chester, and Wood—95.
NAYS —Messrs. Averill, Banks, Barber, Beck,
Beveridge, Bigby, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Caldwell, William T.
Clark, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Crocker,
Dawes, Donnan, Dox, Du Bose, Duel], Duke, Dun-
nell, Eldredge, Farnsworth. Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Garrett, Goodrich, Hale, Hancock, Handley, Har-
per, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hoar.
Hooper, Houghton, Lamport, Lansing, Leach,
Lynch, McCormick, McCrary, Mitchell, Moore, Neg-
ley, Orr, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Price, Edward Y.
Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley,
Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Worthing-
ton C. Smith. Snapp. Thomas J. Speer. Stouehton,
Sutherland, Taffe, Thomas,DwightTownsend, Wash-
ington Townsend, Twichell, Waddell, Walden, Wal-
dron, Warren, Wheeler, and Young—85.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Barnum,
Barry, Bell, Bird, Boles, Bright, James Brooks,
Benjamin ll\ Butter, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell,
Cobb, Cox, Creely, De Large, Fames, Elliott, Ely,
Farwell, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, 'Halse.v,
Ilambleton, George B. Harris, Hereford, Hibbard,
Hill, Kellogg, Kinselin., Lamison, Maynard, Mc-
Henry, McJunkin, McKee, McNeely, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Hosea W.
Parker, Perce, Potter, Rainey, Ritchie, Roosevelt,
Sessions, Sheldon, Shell ab:tr^er, H. Hoard man Smith,
Starkweather. St. John, Swann, Tuthill, Vaughan,
Wallace, Walls, AVells, Willard, and Williams of
New York—60.
So the substitute was agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made :
Mr. BIRD. On this vote I am paired with
my colleague, Mr. Halset. If here he would
vote "no," and I should vote "ay."
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I am paired on
this vote with Mr. Boles. lie would have
voted " no," and I would have voted "ay."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
paired on all votes on this bill with Mr. Ames.
On this question he would vote "no," and I
would vote " ay."
Mr. CREBS. My colleague, Mr. McNeely,
is absent by leave of the House. If here he
would vote " ay."
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. RUSK said: I ask unanimous consent
before the result of this vole is announced to
have a letter read.
Mr. HOLMAN and others objected.
Mr. STEyENSON. Yon have had all the
debate that is necessary.
Mr. RUSK. Then I will change my vote
from the negative to the affirmative, for the
purpose of moving a reconsideration.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the substitute moved by Mr.
Ketcham was adopted ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
message from the president.
A message in writing, from the President of
the United States, was communicated to the
House, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary.
session of saturday.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I rise to a privi-
leged motion, and move that when the House
shall adjourn to-day it be to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw that motion and ask that
unanimous consent be given for a session to-
morrow for general debate only, no business
whatever to be transacted.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I have no objec-
tion to that, and will ask that consent be given
for that purpose.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia, moved to recon-
sider the order just made ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
st. croix and laics! superior railroad.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holmax,] to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House has
agreed to the substitute moved by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Ketoham] for tho
Senate bill in relation to the St. Croix and
Lake Superior railroad.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Pending that motion, J
move that the House now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope not.
Let us dispose of this matter now.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. RUSK. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I now renew the motion
to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to, upon a
division—ayes 57, noes 74.
The SPEAKER. The question again recurs
upon the motion to lay on the.table the motion
to reconsider, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question was then taken; a,nd there
were—yeas 91, nays 82, not voting 67; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Arthur, Beatty.
Biggs, Bingham, Braxton, Buffinton, Burchard.
Burdett, Coburn, Coghlan, Crebs, Criteher, Cross-
land, Darrall, Davis, Finkelnburg, Forker, Garfield,
Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, Hanks, Harmer,
John X. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Hern-
don, Holman, Kelley. Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, Kil-
linger, King, Lewis, Lowe, Manson, Marshall, Mc-
Clelland, MoCrary, McGrew, Molntyre, McJunkin,
McKinney, Mercur, Merrick, Monroe, Morgan,
Niblack, Packard, Packer, Aaron F. Perry. Poster,
Prindle, Randall, Read, John M. Rice, Ellis H.
Roberts, William 11. Roberts, Robinson, Shan-ks.
Shoemaker, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Sprague, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Storm, Stoweil, Strong, Sypher,
Terry. Dwight Townsend, Turner. Tyner, Upson,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Wakeman, Whiteley. Whit-
thorne, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M.Wilson,
John T. Wilson. Winchester, and Wood—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Banks, Barber, Beck,
Beveridge. Bigby, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks.
Buckley, Caldwell, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Cot-
ton, Crocker, Dawes, Dickey,Donnan, Dox. Du Bose,
Duell, Duke, Bunnell, Eames, Eldredge, Wilder D.
Foster, Frye, Garrett. Goodrich, Hancock, Handley,
Harper, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Lansing, Lynch, McCor-
mick, Mitchell, Moore. Orr, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Perce. Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt.
Poland, Price, Edward Y. Rice, Rogers, Rusk, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley, Sheldon, Sherwood,
Slater. Slocum, Sloss. Snapp, Stoughton, Suther-
land. TafFe, Thomas^ Washington Townsend, Twich-
ell, Waddell, Walden, Waldron, Warren, -Wells,
Wheeler, Willard. and Young—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Archer,
Barnum, Barry. Bell, Bird, James G. Blair, Boles,
Bright, James Brooks, Benjamin F. Bntler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, William T. Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cox, Creely, De Large,
Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth. Farwell, Charles Foster,
Henry D. Foster, Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, George
E. Harris, Hereford, Hibbard, Hill, Kellogg, Kin-
sella. Lamison, Lamport, Leaoh, Mfrynard, Mc-
Henry, McKee, McNeely, Merriam, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Hosea W. Parker, Potter, Rainey, Ritohie, Roose-
velt, Sessions, Shellabarger, Shober, H. Boardman
Smith. John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith.
Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather, St. John, Swann,
Tuthill, Vaughan, Wallace, Walls, and Williams of
New York—67.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon ordering the bill, as amended, to be read
tho third time.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to move to
amend the title?
The SPEAKER. The Chair had anticipated
a motion of that kind, as the present title does
not correspond with the provisions of the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman from
Now York [Mr. Ketoham] sent up yesterday
an amendment to the title.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was not advised
of that. The amendment to the title, as pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ketcham,] will be read.
