2618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Mr. BLAIR. I do not see myself why we
cannot provide for this line in this bill as well
as for the various interests the Senator from
Pennsylvania desires to subserve in the present
bill. Itdoes not refer to a subject so entirely
different and distinct. It refers to a Pacific
railroad, and it is quite as germane to this bill
as many other subjects which have been
drawn into this bill. On that point I do not
think the Senator's objection is well taken.
The amendment is not offered in any spirit
of hostility to his bill, but on the contrary I
desire to support his measure.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope this amendment will
not be pressed.
Mr. BLAIR. As the Senator having the
bill in charge objects, I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
bill on the third page, tenth line, in the print
1 have, by inserting before the word "con-
tracts" the word "lawful;" so that it will
read, " under lawful contracts with such par-
ties, and on such terms and conditions as said
company may deem needful." As it now
stands it looks as if it might be construed into
an affirmance or conferring of power to these
persons to let a contract to the whole body of
directors hy the whole body of directors. I
presume that is not the intention, and there-
fore there can be no objection to inserting the
word " lawful" before "contracts," so that
no misconstruction can be had. As I said a
little while ago, I understood that was satis-
factory to the gentleman in charge of the bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I accept that amendment.
The company does not. propose to make any
unlawful contracts.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCO TT. I desire to reserve for a sep-
arate vote the amendment in relation to the
power of taxation.
Mr. CASSERLY. As I understand this to
be the right time, I renew my amendment to
the committee's amendment as to commen-
cing work from San Diego eastward. I move
to stiike out from line nineteen, on page 4 of
the second printed bill, the words " after the
second year," and insert "within two yeais
twenty miles, and thereafter not less than
twenty-live." I explained that very fully
when the bill was in committee. I will not
repeat what I then said, or renew the discus-
sion. I hope the Senate will accept my amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe that that amendment will be re-
served together with the amendment, upon
taxation, when the Senator can renew his
amendment. The question will first be on
concurring in the other amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment to which the
Senator from California moves his amendment.
It will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment on page 4 of the bill, section
five, by striking out m line nineteen the words
"after the second year," and in lieu ot' those
words to insert "within two years twenty
miles, and theieafterso that if amended
the amendment made as iu Committee of the
Whole will read;
That the said company shall commcncc the con-
struction of salt! road from San Diego eastward
within one year from the passage of this act, and
construct within two years twenty miles, anil there-
after not lebs than fcwonty-fivc miles per annum in
continuous line, &c.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. I do not wish to renew the
discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator froin
California to the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now will be on concurring in the last
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole relative to taxation, which the Secre-
tary will read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert as an additional section the following:
That nothing in this act, or the act to which it is
a supplement, shall be so construed as to exempt the
property of the said company from taxation by any
State or States through which their said railroad
may pass, but no such taxes shall be greater "than
those impose'd by the State on the property of rail-
road companies chartered by such State.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that amendment
perhaps ought to be added to it, " or other
similar property within the State."
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose there is no
similar property in those new States?
Mr. CASSERLY. Then it will have to be
approximated. There must be some prop-
erty that bears some resemblauee to railroad
coaches and to railroad engines.
Mr. CONKLING. That, I think, is the
best reason for voting against this amendment.
And now, as I am making a suggestion in be-
half of the measure to the Senator from Cali-
fornia, he will pardon me for occupying his
time for a moment. There was an express
company which the Senator from Pennsylvania
will remember something about, and that ex-
press company with its property was taxed in
some of the States in a way that was intol-
erable; that would have driven them out
entirely; and a bill was reported, which the
Senator from Pennsylvania will remember, to
correct the very thing which 1 suggest to the
Senator from California may arise here. To
declare that the States shall have the power to
tax is, as the Senator from Nevada said, a sort
of invitation and advertisement that they are
to exercise that power and make laws accord-
ingly. Then you say that the rate of taxation
shall be no higher than it is upon other similar
property. Now, it may be, and we know that
it probably will be the case for a long time to
come, that there will be no other railroads in
existence chartered by these States, and no
other similar properly. Then if they tax this
property invidiously, you must come here
again to cure the n aiter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would like to ask my
friend from New York if there are not other
railroads already chartered and in operation
in the State of Texas and also in the State of
California, the only two States, as I understand,
in which this railroad now would operate if it
were built to-day? So that as to those two
States there can he no difficulty.
Mr. CONKLING. Bat the Senator will see
that that suggestion does not satisfy the amend-
ment if I heard it aright. It is that, this shall
be in other States which may come in.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to ask the Senator
what, will be the case if we do not put this
amendment on ; will the States be able to tax
the road or not?
Mr. CONKLING. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. HOWE. Then how may they tax them?
Mr. CONKLING. Just m the way they
tax now the Kansas Pacific railroad in the
State of Kansas, rating it at $22,500 a mile,
and taxing it regularly, and it passes its tax,
and yet there is no provision in the Kansas
Pacific railroad charter on the subject.
Mr. HOWE. Then what hurt will this
amendment do ?
Mr. CONKLING. It may do a good deal
9Charm. It may change the rights of those
parties. In place of all being remitted to the
geueial rights which tax-payers and the power
to levy taxes have, it may get up some real or
supposed distinction, and may lead to a con-
troversy which we may just as well avoid as
not. If I did not suppose there was power in
the States to tax these roads, I would vote for
something to give that power; but I certainly
supposed the power to exist, and this is tam-
pering with it in an unnecessary way and prob-
ably in a dangerous way.
Mr. MORTON. In most of the States they
have constitutional provisions requ-.ring taxa-
tion to be equal upon all kinds of property.
In a few of the States there is no such provis-
ion. There was not in the old constitution of
Indiana. Now, if a new State should come
into the Union carved out of any of this ter-
ritory, without a provision of that kind in its
constitution, under the operation of this clause
it would be at liberty to fix a tax of one half
per cent, upon the general property of the
State, real and • personal, and of three per
cent, upon this railroad property.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What would they be at
liberty to do without this clause if they should
come in without such an equal provision in the
constitution ?
Mr. MORTON. I think they would not be
at liberty under the Constitution of the United
States to fix an unequal tax.
Mr. CARPENTER. This, then, will not
enable them to do it.
Mr. MORTON. What is the use of putting
in a provision that may carry that impression ?
The object is to build this road, and to have
the charter in that form which will invite men
to invest their money iu it. We do not want
a provision in it which stands in the na'ure
of a threat, and which may deter men from
investing their money. Here is a proposition
to build a road across the continent without a
dollar of subsidy. I do not know whether
this road can be built or not; I hope it can ;
but it ought to be encouraged. A land grant
is made by the United States; but the most
of that land now is not worth three cents an
acre, and will not be until this road is built,
if, however, men are willing to invest their
money and take the chances upon the char-
acter of the land grant, they ought to be
encouraged, and there ought to be no piovis-
ion iu this charter that will stand in the nature
of a threat. But this provision would give to
a State that has no constitutional provision
forbidding it the power to tax unequally the
road that runs through it, and they might
think it was fair game to do so.
I am willing to vote for this provision if it
is made equal; in other words, that these
new States shall not have the power to tax
the property of this railroad higher than they
tax other property. In the absence of that
provision, 1 do not know whether the State
would have the right to tax the railroad. The
Senator says yes. I do not know. The
Supreme Court of the United States have
decided that the States have no right to tax
a bond ot the United States. Why? Because
if they have that power, they can tax it out
of existence. They have no right to tax the
stock in a national bank without the consent
of the national Government, because they can
tax the bank out of existence. Now, if the
Government of the United States has the right
to establish railroad companies in the Terri-
tories, and the States afterward have a right
to come in and tax them ad libitum, they may
tax them out of existence. In other words,
ths.same reason which prevents a State from
taxing United States bonds or from taxing
stock in a United States bank, without the
consent of the nation, would be a good reason
why they should not tax property of a corpora-
tion like this created by the laws of the Uni-
ted States._ Now, 1 am willing to see the gen-
eral provision go in that they may tax, but that
they shall not tax it higher than they tax other
property.
Mr. BAYARD. My only objection to voting
lor the amendment now under consideration is
that the implication might seem to lurk in it
that Congress was undertaking to control the
right of the States in regard to the taxation oi
