114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United Slates.
visions of this act, or of any act to which this
is an amendment," and inserting in lieu there-
of the words " under the provisions of any
internal revenue act."
Sec. 41. Thatsection one hundred and sixty-
one of the act entitled " An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be ameuded
by striking out the words "this act," occur-
ring after the words "stamps issued under
the provisions of," and inserting in lieu there-
of the words "any internal revenue act."
Sec. 42. That all internal taxes now assessed
or liable to be assessed against, but not col-
lected from, ship-builders as manufacturers,
under section four of the act of March thirty-
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, enti-
tled " An act to exempt certain manufactures
from internal tax, and for other purposes,"
for sales of vessels, be, and the same are
hereby, remitted, and no further assessments
shall be made on account thereof.
Sec. 43. That prior to the first day of Janu-
ary, eighteen hundred and seventy-three, it
shall be the duty of the President, and he is
hereby authorized and directed, to reduce the
internal revenue districts in the United States
to not exceeding eighty in number, and for
that purpose he may unite two or more dis-
tricts, or States, or Territories, into one dis-
trict, and he shall designate from among the
existing revenue officers one collector and
one assessor for each new district, or at his
discretion he may, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, nominate and appoint
new officers for such new district; and the col-
lector and assessorso designated or appointed
shall give bond according to law, and the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and required, prior to the first day of Janu-
uary, eighteen hundred and seventy three, to
reduce the number of internal revenue assist-
ant assessors, inspectors, gaugers, store-keep-
era, and the clerks and employees in the inter-
nal Revenue Bureau to as small a number
as is consistent with the performance of the
reduced duties of the service, and that he
report to Congress at its next session the re-
duction made under this act, and such further
changes in the organization of the internal
revenue service as will promote its efficiency
and economy.
Sec. 44. That all suits and proceedings for
the recovery of any internal tax alleged to
have been erroneously assessed or collected,
or any penalty claimed to have been collected
without authority, or for any sum which it is
alleged was excessive, or in any manner
wrongfully collected, shall be brought within
two years next after the cause of action ac-
cuied and not after; and all claims for the
refunding of any internal tax or penalty shall
be presented to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue within two years next after the cause
of action accrued and not after: Provided,
That actions for claims, which have accrued
ptior to the passage of this act, shall be com-
menced in the courts or presented to the
Commissionerof Internal Revenue within one
year from the date of said passage: And pro-
vided further, That where a claim shall be
pending before said Commissioner the claim-
ant may bring his action within one year after
such decision and not after: And provided
jurther, That no right of action barred by
any statute now in force shall be revived by
anything herein contained.
Sec. 45. That the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized and directed carefully to
revise and prepare tor publication the internal
revenue laws in force after the passage of this
act, with amendments incorporated in their
proper places, conveniently arranged for refer-
ence, and wiih a proper index; and that the
same be printed as soon as practicable by the
Congressional Printer. That ten thousand
copies be printed, five thousand for the use of
the House of Representatives, two thousand
for the use of the Senate, and thre° thousand
for the use of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
Sec. 46. That all acts and parts of acts in-
consistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed: Provided, That all the pro
visions of said act shall be in force for levying
and collecting all taxes properly assessed, or
liable to be assessed, or accruing under the
provisions of former acts, the right to which
has has already accrued, or which may here-
after accrue, under said acts, and for main-
taining, continuing, and enforcing liens, fines,
penalties, and forfeitures incurred under and
by virtue thereof. And this act shall not be
construed to affect any act done, right accrued,
or penalty incurred under former acts, but
eveiy such right is hereby saved ; and all suits
and prosecutions for acts already done in vio-
lation of any former act or acts of Congress
relating to the subjects embraced in this act
may be commenced or proceeded with in like
manner as if this act liad not been passed :
Provided, That whenever the duty imposed
by any existing law shall cease in consequence
of any limitation'therein contained before the
respective provisions of this act shall take
effect, the same duty or tax shall be, and is
hereby, continued until such provisions of this
act shall take effect; and where any act is
hereby repealed, no duty or tax imposed
thereby shall be held to cease in consequence
of such repeal until the respective correspond-
ing provisions of this act shall take effect.
Sec. 47. That, this act shall take effect on
the first day of August, eighteen hundred and
seventy tivo, except where otherwise provided.
And the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
hereby authorized to make, with the approval
of the Secretary of I he Treasury, all such regu-
lations not in conflict with any provision of
law as may become necessary by reason of any
changes in the internal revenue laws made by
this act.
Approved, June 6, 1872.
Chap. CCCXVT.—An Act making Appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and seventy-three, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the support of the Army for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy three :
For expenses of the Commanding General's
office, five thousand dollars.
For expenses of recruiting and transporta-
tion of recruits, one hundred and twenty thou-
sand five hundred and eighty dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Adjutant
General's department at the headquarters of
military divisions and departments, five thou-
sand dollars.
For the expenses of the signal service of
the Army, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For pay of the Army, and for payment to
discharged soldiers for clothing not drawn,
twelve million one hundred and five thousand
five hundred and ninety-one dollars and thirty-
two cents.
For allowances to officers of the Army for
transportation of themselves and their baggage,
when travelling on duty, without troops,
escorts or supplies, two hundred and forty
thousand dollars.
For general expenses, such as compensation
of witnesses while on court-martial service,
and travelling expenses of paymasters' clerks,
and postage on letters and packages, and
telegrams received and sent, by officers of the
Army on public business, military commissions
and courts of inquiry, one hundred thousand
dollars.
Porsubsistence of regular troops, engineers,
and Indian scouts, two million seven hundred
and seventy thousand nine hundred and forty-
four dollars.
For regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, to wit: for the regular supplies
of the quartermaster's department, consisting
of fuel for officers, enlisted men, guards, hos-
pitals, storehouses, and offices; of forage in
kind for the horses, mules, and oxen of the
quartermaster's department, at the several
posts and stations, and with the armies in the
field; for the horses of the several regiments
of cavalry, the b-itteries of artillery, and such
companies of infantry and scouts as may
be mounted, and for the authorized number
of officers' horses, including bedding for the
animals; of straw for soldiers' bedding ; and
of stationery, including blank-books for the
quartermaster's department,, certificates for
discharged soldiers, blank forms for the pay
and quartermaster's departments, and lor
printing of division and department orders
and reports, four million dollars.
For incidental expenses, viz: for postage
and telegrams or dispatches ; extra pay to sol-
diers employed, under the direction of the
quartermaster's department, in the erection
of barracks, quarters, storehouse, and hos-
pitals, in the construction of roads, and other
constant labor, for periods of not, less than ten
days, under the acts of March second, eighieen
hundred and nineteen, and August fourth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, including
those employed sis clerks at division and de-
partment headquarters; expenses of expresses
to and from the frontier posts and armies in
the field ; of escorts to paymasters and other
disbursing officers, and to trains where mili-
tary escorts cannot, be furnished ; expenses of
the interment of officers killed in action, or
who die when on duly in the field, or at posts
on the frontiers, or at posts and other places
wheihOrdered by ihe Secretary of War, and
of non-commissioned officers and soldiers;
authorized office furniture, hire of laborers in
the quartermaster's department, including the
hire of interpreters, spies, and guides for the
Army; compensation of clerks to officers of
the quartermaster's department; compensa-
tion of forage and wagon masters authorized
by the act of July fifth, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eight; for the apptehension of deserters,
and the expense incident to their pursuit ;
and for the following expenditures required
for the several regimen's of cavalry, the bat-
teries of light artillery, and such companies
of infantry and scouts as may be mounted,
namely: the purchase of travelling forges,
blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse and
mule shoes and nails, iron and steel for shoe-
ing, hire of veterinary surgeons, medicines for
horses and mules, picket ropes, and for shoe-
ing the horses of the corps named ; also, gen-
erally, the proper and authorized expenses for
the movement and operations of an army not
expressly assigned to any other department,
one million two hundred thousand dollars.
For purchase of horses for the cavalry and
artillery, and for Indian scouts and for such
infantry as may be mounted, three hundred
thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including
baggage of the troops when moving either by
land or water; of clothing, camp, and garri-
son equipage from the depots of Philade phia
and Jeffersonville to the several p <sts and
Army depots, and from those depots to the
troops in the field; of horse equipments and
of subsistence stores from the places of pur-
