1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the title so as to read:
A bill to declare forfeited to the United States
certain lands granted to the State of Wisconsin to
aid in the construction of a railroad and branch
therein.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the title will be so amended.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object.
Mr. COX. I thought I had the floor to
move an amendment to the title.
The SfEAKER. The gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Ketcham] was entitled to the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. COX. That gentleman lost the floor
by the vote of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not un-
derstand how a gentleman whose amendment
is adopted loses the control of the bill.
Mr. COX. I want to move to amend the
title so as to express what is in fact the sub-
stance of the bill. It should be entitled "A
bill to reserve lauds to actual settlers under
the homestead law." That is the real gist
of the measure.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move to amend the
title by striking out what the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] has proposed, and add-
ing to the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from New- York [Mr. Ketcham] the
words "and to give these lands directly to
the Northern Pacific railroad." That is the
real effect of the measure.
Mr. COX. That is not so.
The SPEAKER. This discussion is entirely
premature, if there is to be discussion on the
title of the bill, it must be after the bill has
passed. The Chair entertained the question
at this point because he supposed there would
be no dispute. The bill having been read
three times, the question is now on its passage.
The bill was passed.
Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on
the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Ketcham,] to amend the title of the bill
so as to read, "a bill to declare forfeited to
the United States certain lands granted to the
State of Wisconsin to aid in constructing a
railroad and branch therein."
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amendment
so as to add to the title the words "and to
reserve the same under the homestead law to
actual settlers." That will express the-real
purport of the bill.
Mr. KETCHAM. I have no objection to
that; 1 accept it as part of my amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. KETCHAM mtived to reconsider the
vote by which the title was amended; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc , appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill, which has been returned from the
Senate with amendments, may be taken from
the Speaker's table and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and that the amend-
ments be ordered to be printed by numbers.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
that order will be made.
There was no objection.
distuict of columbia business.
Mr. POLAND. On behalf of the.Committee
for the District of Columbia, I desire again to
ask unanimous consent that Friday next after
two o'clock be assigned to the business of
that committee. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoar] withdraws his objection.
The SPEAKER. If there be no further
objection, Friday next after two o'clock will
be assigned to business reported from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, the
committee not having exercised its privilege
to-day.
There was no objection.
reorganization of patent office.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Striate and House of Representatives :
I have the honor herewith to transmit to Congress
a recommendation from Hon. M. I>. Leggett, Com-
missioner of Patents, for the reorganization of his
office, and also a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior accompanying it. I concur with the Sec-
retary of the Interior in the views expressed in his
letter, and recommend the careful consideration of
Congress to the subject of this communication and
action which will secure a more efficient perform-
ance of the dutios of tho Patent Office than is prac-
ticable under present legislation.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, March 15,1872.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 623) granting a pension
to Joseph Bryant;
An act (H. R. No. 1056) authorizing the
survey and marking of the boundary between
the territory of the United States and the pos-
sessions of Great Britain, from the Lake of the
Woods to the summit of the Rocky mountains ;
An act (H. R. No. 1021) for the relief of
preemption settlers in the State of California ;
An act (H. R. No. 1550) for the relief of
the estate of Dr. John F. Hanks; and
An act (H. R. No. 610) appropriating money
for the purchase of a suitable site, and erect-
ing a building thereon, in the city of St. Louis,
Missouri, to be used for the purposes of a
custom-house, post office, and other Federal
offices.
margaret coggins.
Mr. MOORE. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the amendment
of the Senate to House bill No. 1058, grant-
ing a pension to Margaret Coggins, widow of
William Coggins, in order that it may be
concurred in.
There was no objection; and the bill and
amendment were taken from the Speaker's
table.
The Clerk read the Senate amendment as
follows:
Strike out all after the word " volunteers," in line
five to the end of the bill, as follows: " and pay her
a pension from the date of the passage of this act
and during her widowhood, at the rate of eight dol-
lars a month.
Mr. MOORE. The amendment of the Sen-
ate merely strikes out superfluous words,
making no actual change in the House bill,
and I therefore move the amendment be con-
curred in.
The motion was agreed to.
abigail ryan.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, by unanimous
consent, tho bill (S. No. 805) granting a
pension to Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas
H. Ryan, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
margaret beeker,
On motion of Mr. MOORE, by unanimous
consent, a bill (S. No. 804) granting a pension
to Margaret Beeker, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
theodore s. comparet.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, by unanimous
consent, a bill (S. No. 494) placing the name
of Theodore S. Comparet on the pension-roll
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
capture of the albemarle. . "
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask"unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table a bill (S. No.
715) relating to the capture of the Albemarle.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object, and
call for the regular order of business.
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being called for, the morning hour
now begins at twenty-five minutes to four
o'clock, and reports of a private nature are
in order, beginning with the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
j. sewall.
Mr. McGREW, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back the peti-
tion of J. Sewall; and the same was laid upon
the table.
charles f. sibbald.
Mr. MERCUR, from the same committee,
reported back the memorial of the heirs of
Charles F. Sibbald, in relation to damages
sustained by reason of said Sibbald being dis-
possessed of lands by the United States au-
thorities; and the same was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
john boyer.
Mr. MERCUR, from the same committee,
also reported back a bill (H. R. No. 1720) to
confirm the title of John Boyer to certain
lands therein described with amendments.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
title of John Boyer to the south half of north-
west quarter and northeast quarter of south-
west quarter of section thirty-four, township
thirty-three, range twenty-eight west, one hun-
dred and twenty acres, in the district of lands
subject to location at Springfield, Missouri,
be confirmed, and the Secretary of the Interior
shall cause to be issued to the said John Boyer
a patent on bounty-land warrant location No.
39526, one hundred and twenty acres, act
March 3 1855.
The amendments reported by the committee
were as follows:
In line nine, after the word "patent," insert the
words " for said lands."
At the end of the bill add the words "first correct-
ing the location papers and records to cover tho
aforesaid tracts."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
capture of the albemarle.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent that
the* bill (S. No. 715) relative to the capture
of the Albemarle, in regard to which the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Coghlan] rose a
few moments ago, be taken from the Speaker's
table, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
There was no objection, and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. FARNSVVORTH. I hope not. Let us
have the morning hour.
Mr. HALDEMAN. The Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, which is now on call, has a
great deal of business before it, and is not now
prepared to make farther reports. ' We do not
