1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
Laws of the United States.
4 2d Cong...2d Sess.
chase, and from the places of delivery under
contract to Pitch places as the circumstances
of the service may require them to be sent;
of ordnance, ordnance stores, and smill-aruas
from the founderies and armories to the arse-
nals, tori ifieat ions, frontier posts, and Army
depots ; freight, wharfage, tolls, and ferriages ;
the purchase and hire of horses, m'lles, oxen,
and harness, and the purchase and repair of
wagons, carts, and drays, and of thips and
other sea-going vessels, and boats required for
the transportation of supplies and for garrison
purposes; for drayage and cartage at the sev-
eral posts, hire of teamsters, transportation of
funds for the pay and other disbursing depart-
ments ; the expense of sailing public transports
on the various rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and
the Atlantic and Pacific; for procuring wafer
at such posts as, from their situation, require
it to be brought from a distance; and for clear-
ing roads and removing obstructions from
roads, harbors, and rivers to the extent which
may be required for the actual operations of
the troops in the field, four million dollars.
For hire of quarters for officers ou military
duty, hire of quarters for troops, of storehouses
for Hie safe-keeping of military stores, of offices,
and of grounds forcarups and for summer can-
tonments, and for temporary frontier stations;
(or the construction of temporary huts and
stables ; and lor repairing public builumgs at
established posts, one million two hundred and
fjtiy thousand dollars.
For construction and repairs of hospitals,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For heating and cooking stoves,-ten thou-
sand dollars.
Fur purchase and manufacture of clothing,
camp and garrison equipage, and for preserv-
ing and repacking stock of clothing, camp and
garrison equipage, and materials on band at
ttie Schuylkill arsenal and other depots, seven
hundred and seventy thousand dollars.
For the necessary expeuses of such sales of
stores or material belonging to the Army estab-
lishment as may be authorized by Uw, ten
thousand dollars.
For es ablishing and maintaining national
military cemeteries, two hundred and fitty
thousand dollars.
For Army contingencies, namely, such ex-
penses as are not provided for by other esti-
mates, embracing all branches of the miiitary
service, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For purchase of medical and hospital sup-
plies, pay of private physicians employed in
emergencies, hire of hospital attendants, ex-
penses of purveying depots, of medical exam-
ining boaids, and incidental expenses of the
medical department, three hundred thousand
dollars.
For providing surgical apparatus or appli-
ances lor the relief of persons disabled in the
military and naval serviceof the United States
and not included within the terms of any law
giautuig artificial limbs or other special relief,
ten thousand dollars, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War: Pro-
vided, That a report shall be made to Congress
at lis next annual session, showing the name
and residence of each person relieved, and the
naiure and cost of the apparatus provided.
For the Army Medical Museum and medical
ami other necessary works for the library of the
Surgeon General's office, ten thousand dollars.
Engineer department at Willett s point:
For protection of ponton boats, remodelling
ponton material, and for current expenses of
depot, five thousand dollars.
For modification and repair of buildings,
five thousand dollars.
For erection of new chapel, five thousand
dollars.
For repairs of instruments for general ser-
vice of the corps of engineers, ten thousand
dollars.
For purchase of siege and mining material,
and for simple photographic apparatus for
copying maps, one thousand dollars.
For expenses of trials with torpedoes for
harbor and land defence, and material for
same, ten thousand dollars.
For the ordnance seivice required to defray
the current expenses at the arsenals ; of re-
ceiving stores and issuing arms and other ord-
nance supplies; of police and office duties;
of rents, tolls, fuel, and lights; of stationery
and office fHrniture ; of tools and instruments
for use ; of public animals, forage, and vehi-
cles ; incidental expenses of the ordnance ser- I
vice, including those attending practical trials |
and tests of ordnance, small-arms, and other
ordnance supplies, two hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For manufacturing metallic ammunition for
small-arms, one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For overhauling, preserving, and cleaning
new ordnance stores on band in the arsenals,
seventy five thousand dollars.
For sea coast, cannon, and carriages for the
same, oue hundred and twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For experiments and tests of heavy rifled
ordnance, two hundred and seventy thousand
dollars: Provided, that this approp-iation
shall be applied to at least three models of
heavy ordnance, to be designated by a board
of officers to he appointed by the Secretary
of War. which report shall include both
classes, breech and muzzle loading cannon,
and the powder and projectiles necessary for
testing the same shall be supplied from stores
on hand.
For constructing and testing Moffat's breech-
loading field pieces, eight thousand dollars ;
and for testing James Crocket's graduating and
accelerating cartridge, and for experimenting
with patent metallic cartridge of Willis E.
Moore, and other improvements in ammunition,
five thousand dollars.
For purchase and manufacture of other ord
nance stores to fill requisition of troops, fiity
thousand dollars.
For manufacture of arms at the national
armory, one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars : Provided, That no part of this appro-
priation shail be expended until a breech-
loading system for muskets and carbines shall
have been adopted for the military service
upon the recommendation of the board to be
appointed by the Secretary of War, which
board shall consist of not less than five offi-
cers, as follows : one general officer, one ord-
nance officer, and three officers ot the line,
one to be taken from the cavalry, one from
the infantry, and one from the artillery : And
provided further, That the system, when so
adopted, shall be the only one to be used by
the ordnance department in the manufacture
of muskets and carbines for the military ser-
vice, and 110 royalty shall be paid by the Gov-
ernment of the United States lor the use of
said patent to any of its officers or employees,
or tor any patent in which said officers or
employees may be directly or indirectly inter-
ested.
Sec. 2. That hereafter it shall be illegal to
brand, mark, or tattoo on the body of any sol-
dier by sentence of court-martial, and the word
"corporeal" shall be stricken from the forty-
{Jitli of the rules and articles for the govern-
ment of the armies of the United States.
Approved, June 6, 1872.
the settlement of the accounts of the officers
of the Army and Navy, approved June twenty-
third, eighteen hundred and seventy, shall
eontinue and be in force for two years from
June twenty third, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-two, and no longer.
Approved^ June 7, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXI.—An Act to continue the Act
to authorize the Settlement ot the Accounts
of Officers of the Army and Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, I hat the act to authorize
Chap.CCCXXH.—-An Act to authorize the
Appointment of Shipping Commissioners by
the several Circuit Courts of the Uniied
States, to supeiintend the shipping and dis-
charge of Seamen engaged in Merchant
Ships belonging to the United States, and
for the fuither protection of Seamen.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the several circuit
couits of the United States, in which circuits
there is a sea-port or sea-ports for which there
is a collector of customs, or in which there is
a port of entry, shall appoint a commissioner
for such sea-port within their respective cir-
cuits as in their judgment may require the same,
and which shall also be ports of ocean navi-
gation ; such commissioners to be termed
"shipping commissioners ;and may, from
time to time, remove trom office any of the
said commissioners whom it may have reason
to believe does not properly perform his duties;
and shall provide for the proper performance
of such duties until another person is duly
appointed in his place; shall regulate the mode
of conducting business in the shipping offices
to be established by the shipping commission-
ers as hereinafter provided ; and shall have
full and complete control over the same, sub-
ject to the provisions herein contained.
Seo. 2. That every shipping commissioner
so appointed shall enter into bonds to the Uni-
ted States, conditioned for the faithful per-
formance of the duties required in his office,
for a sum, in the discretion of the circuit judge,
of not less than five thousand dollars, with two
good and sufficient securities therefor, to be
approved by said judge; and shall take and
subscribe* the following oath before entering
upon the duties ot his office: " I do solemnly
swear (or affirm, as the case may be) that I
will support the Constitution of the United
States; and that I will truly and faithfully dis-
charge the duties of a shipping commissioner
to the best of my ability, and according to
law." Said oath shall be indorsed on the com-
mission or certificate of appointment, and
signed by him, and certified by the officer be-
fore whom such oath or affirmation shall have
been taken.
Seo. 3. That any shipping commissioner
may engage a clerk or clerks to assist him in
the transaction of the business of the shipping
office, at his own proper cost, and may, in
case of necessity, depute such clerk or clerks
to act for him in hi* official capacity ; but the
shipping commissioner shall be held responsi-
ble tor the acts of every such clerk or deputy,
and will be personally liable for any penalties
such clerk or deputy may incur by the viola-
tion of any of the provisions of this act; and
all acts done by a clerk, as such deputy, shall
be as valid and binding as if done by the ship-
ping commissioner. Each shipping commis-
sioner shall provide a seal with which he shall
authenticate all his official acts, on which seal
shall be engraved the arms of the United States
and the name of the sea-port or'district for
which he is commissions 1 Any instrument,
either printed or written, purporting to be the
official act of a shipping commissioner, and
purporting to be under the seal and signature
of such shipping commissioner, shall be re-
ceived as prima facie evidence of the official
character of such instrument, and of the truth
of the facts therein set forth.
Seo. 4. That every shipping commissioner
