1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3515
are enjoying the same improved condition. I
will print the letter with my remarks. It is
proper that I should say that the writer tells
me that he thinks thatastoone fact I was mis-
taken, which was in sayingthat the better class
of English workmen get meat but once a week.
He tbinks the better class get meat on an
average five times a week. In all the rest of
my statements I was, however, accurate. Sir,
to reduce the duty on books to eight cents per
pound will be to close the paper-mills, the
printing offices, and the book-binderies of the
country and to throw us at the mercy of Eng-
lish and Belgian book makers; I say Belgian,
for it is a fact that paper can be made so much
cheaperin Belgium, typeset, and books printed
and bound so much more cheaply there than
in England, that free trade with Belgium is
uprooting the book-making trade of England,
and it is highly probable that the book of my
friend from New York, [Mr. Cox,] though he
believes it was made in England, was the pro-
duct of the cheap labor employed in Belgium,
and not that of England. The proposition to
reduce this duty is, 1 repeat, a blow not only
at the labor but at the authorship of this
country. Without publishers who may pro-
duce their books upon our own soil, paying
wages that will secure them purchasers and
readers, our authors will be brought to the
feet of the great publishing houses of England.
The way to make literature cheap here would
be to impose such a duty as would gi've ade-
quate protection to the paper-maker, the type-
founder, and the book-maker in all and every
department of the several trades it involves.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say only a word
against the motion made by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. IIolmax,] and in favor of
that made by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr.] I should like, of course, to see
books free. A great deal can be s-aid, and has
been very well said, both by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holmax] and the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cox,] in regard to
that; and it may go out, to the country that we
are taxing the family Bible, the school books,
and books of every kind. That is all very
well, but this fact exists, that you have either
to keep some tax upon books, or you have to
depend for books altogether on England. Jdie
further factexists that books published in Eng-
land, and sold there to their own people, cost
more than the samebooks published here and
sold in this country ; while they can sell them
cheaper they do not do it, and whenever you
destroy the competition the booksellers, like
everybody else, put their articles to the highest
price. It was demonstrated two years ago
that the manufacture of pig iron cost but
twenty dollars a ton ; it then sold at thirty-
seven dollars a ton, and now at fifty-one dol-
lars, and whenever the English manufacturer
gets control of this market he will sell hi3
books as high as he can.
The duty of twenty per cent, ad valorem
was thought to work badly by many membeis
bank. This has be<-n done in less than eight years.
You mention Hon. H. 0. Houghton speaking of the
compositors of England not being ab.o to pay tit
passage; there were about twenty m tho same - in
with me and not one married man better ott tti^n
mIince I have been liere several trade societies
have passed laws for the payra'-nt of mens passage
to this country, as so tew can do so. V on speak ot
the children of the brick-yards in Leicester. 1li.ive
seen them. I woikcd at the hosiery m X.eicc^er.
had to sew three dozen pairs of children s sock,, per
day, when only about seven years of age. -bxcii. o
me for coriectmg you, but I. think 1
taken i.i *.,51115 that mechanics do not often taUe
meat there. I have been in Nottingham, Le^ta,,
London, and Derby, and from what I m
the mass of the people have meat about fii b times a
week. Allow me to wish you success in jour tflorts
to beep the American public from such "yn-ei-its:is
the Iree-trade policy ot England has brought upon
thu Eu^hsh people. YVTT 90N"
llesneettulJy, yours, JAML& u
P. S.—I worked with a book-binder who had a large
fiirniw and only c-ighteen shillings per week, who
told me lie only tasted beef about once in three
months ; but this is an exception.
Hon. Xf. D. Kelley.
pf the committee because- of frauds in the
invoices. It was demonstrated, for instance,
that in relation to the tax on old books frauds
were perpetrated by putting an old title-page
to tfie book while all the rest was new.
The committee believing that a duty at so
much a pound was better, fixed the rate at
twelve and a half cents per pound. I have
always believed that ten cents per pound would
be the true ameunt, not twelve and a half. A
duty of twelve and a half per pound would in-
crease the price of the cheaper class of books,
while it would cheapen the higher class of
books which are only bought by the few.
Therefore I favor the duty of ten cents pro-
posed by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr.] The effect of making books free
would be to destroy the business of book-mak-
ing in this country. So long as a man pays
fifty per cent, more for the clothes he wears,
for the food he eats, and for everything else
he uses, more than is paid in other countries,
he cannot manufacture as cheaply as men in
other countries, and until you make free trade
in everything you cannot make it in books
without destroying the whole business. My
judgment is, taking an average duty and giv-
ing the benefit to the cheaper books instead
0!' to the more costly ones, that ten per cent,
will more effectually accomplish the purpose
than twelve and a half per cent. And I think,
from the proofs we had before us, it is better
also on account of the frauds that weie per-
petrated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The committee rose informally ; and Mr.
Sawyer took the cha ir as Speaker pro tempore.
MKSSAOK FH051 Till! SKXATK.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one ot their clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a bill
of the House of the following title:
A bill (U. li. No. 2187) to confirm the action
of the board of aldermen and common council
of the city ol Washington, designating a depot,
site for the Baltimore and Potomac llaiiroad
Company, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had di.-agreed to the amendment of the
House to the bill of the Senate, No. 4G8, to
regulate criminal practice in the Federal courts,
and requested a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed, as the conferees on the par t,
of the Senate, Mr. Thuiman, Mr. Freunghuy-
sen, and Mr. Conelixg.
TAlltFK AND TAX BILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make it eleven instead of ten per
cent. I am sure it is not the purpose of the
Committee of the Whole to vote ior the ad-
mission of books free of duty, however ben-
eficial it might be to 11s. What we want to
know of the chaiiman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [.Mr. DaWES] is what is the
lowest amount of duty that will afford a pro-
tection to book-making in this country.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will state to my col-
' Mr. BANKS. After I get through I will
be very btief. The gentleman has not given
us thatinformation. What is the lowestumount
that will enable us to makeliooks in this coun-
try, putting as little burdens upon the pur-
chasers of books as possible? That what we
want to know. My impression is that there
are other things besides tiie duty on books that
en'er into this question.
The other day, in some general remaiks
upon the taiiff, 1 mentioned the fact to the
House that in 1860 it cost one of the great
hotels in the city of New York just twice as
much to supply its tallies ns it did m 186b and
1864 when gold was 260 to 280. And that is
a consideration that enters into this matter.
What I want to find out is what is the least
rate of duty that will protect this interest and
give the people the greatest advantages that
can be had. I think that is all that, is wanted
by the members of this committee, and espe-
cially I think that is what is wanted by the
gentleman to whom reference was made by
my colleague. He wants to krtow what is the
lowest duty at which paper that is used for
the country newspapers m this country can be
imported without detriment or disaster to the
paper-manufacturing interests of this country.
I'hat is what I want to know also. The fact
that the gentleman to whom reference has
been made was born in England is not in ques-
tion at all. He came to this couutiy more
than twenty five years ago. lie was employed
as an aitistupon a pictoiial paper in Boston as
early as 1850. He was then employed upon
Gleason's Pictorial, and has been the pioneer
in illustrated journalism in this country, lie
now publishes eight or ten illustrated jour-
nals—English, German, and Spanish. His
weekly pay-roll amounts to nearly eight thou-
sand dollars, and his annual expendituiG for
American paper is S600.000, white he itnpints
not more than §100,000 wonh IVom England.
It is not cxactly light to speak ol such a man as
an Englishman, He has carried that branch
of the profession to a degree of peifectiou not
surpassed by England, ['"ranee, or any oilier
country oi Europe. If itcoiitinues to advance
as it has* hitherto, at no distant day the art, of
illustration will be extended to ihe daily jour-
nals of this Country, and they will be printed
witli illustrations as we now sec in our weekly
pictorial papers.
I now ask my colleague [Mr. Dawes] why
it is, when the taritf of 18Iti was but. tea per
cent., the taiiff of 1857 but, eight per cent.,
and the tariff under existing law but twenty-
live per cent , it is necessary at this period to
charge veiy nearly the tardf rates of 1812,
when the duty upon paper and bonks was from
fifteen to twenty-live andlhmy cents a pound?
How is it that with all the improvements in
uianulacturc, all the advances in science, with
all the improvements that, luve been made in
every art, we are obliged to pay a du'y very
nearly equal to that of the tariff ol 1812, and
which lasted only two or three years, in order
to protect the book-maker.-, ot this count'y and
prevent the importation ol hooks Iroin foreign
countries?
Mr. DAWES. I will state to my colleague
[Mr. Banks] that the Committee of U ays
and Means had a very ihoiou^h investigation
of this subject, and gave a hearing to tlin im-
porters and publishers of books. 1 he im-
porters, up to this Session, have been oppoS> d
to a change fiom theyci valorem duty on hooks
to a duly per pound. Ihe honest importers
of the country have been driven from the
market, and their place has been taken by for-
eigners, v/hoimpoit books in the manner 1
have illustrated. The impoiters therclo.' c say
that they can no longer continue horn s ly the
business of iinpotling under an ad valorem
duty which enables dishonest men by mi aus
of undervaluations to push them from the
market. '1 lierelore, looking the matter all
over, counting all the cost, the publisher* ot
this country and ihe impoiters, all the Urge
houses, have signed a papet which has been
sent to the committee, asking a dutv ol litteoa
cents a pound oil book's. e have fixed tho
duty at twelve' and a half cuts a pouod. My
fiiend from New Yotk, [Mr. Buooks.J in
whom upon this subject the committee had
great confidence, labored with me and with the
committee; and he and I, and indeed the
whole committee, agreed upon twelve anil a
half cents as the limit, not to shut out foreign
publications, but as the living limit lor Amer-
ican publishers and importers.
One word about the allusion which 1 maue
to an "Englishman." Which f regret, to • avu
made, so far as it may have implied any idea
that it is any fault or disgrace !'• V an Jingusa-
man. The humiliation which I endeavored
