1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1723
desire to lose our place, and I therefore move
that the House do now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
ciiippewas on lake superior.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior, in answer to a resolution of
the House of December 20, 1871, in relation
to the issuance of scrip to the half-breeds or
mixed bloods belonging to the Chippewas of
Lake Superior; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
treaty with spain.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of State, in relation to an alleged delin-
quency on the part of the United States in
carrying into effect the concluding paragraph
of the niuth article of the treaty of 1819 be-
tween the United States and Spain; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
john heberer.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the alleged services
of John Heberer a3 an enrolling officer in the
fourth congressional district of Illinois in the
years 1864 and 1865; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
marcos radish.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of State, in relation to the seizure
by officers of the United States in Texas, in
the course of the late rebellion, of property
belonging to Marcos Radish, a subject of the
Porte ; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
registration of foreign-built vessels.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting the draft
of a bill entitled "A bill to provide for the
registration of foreign-built vessels owned by
citizens of the United States;" which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
yeiiba buena.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting copies
of telegrams addressed to the Attorney Gen-
eral from San Francisco, concerning Yerba
Buena or Goat Island ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
commercial agents at belize.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of State, relating to the compensa-
tion of the commercial agents at Belize, Brit-
ish Honduras ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed. .
protection op american seamen.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of State, transmitting a communi-
cation from the examiner of claims and sta-
tistical clerk of his Department in relation to
the annual report, known as the report on the
relief and protection of American seamen;
which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
cornelius daly.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the contract of Cor-
nelius Daly in reference to dredging the har-
bor of Ogdensburg, New York; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
contested election.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House additional papers in
the contested-election case of Whittemore vs.
Herndon, from the first congressional district
of Texas ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Porter until Monday, on ac-
count of sickness in his family; to Mr. Smith,
of New York, for six days; and to Mr. Here-
ford for ten days.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. STOUGHTON, by unani-
mous consent,. leave was given to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers in the
case of E. T. Brossman; also the papers in
the case of David Sargent.
public building at philadelphia.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1947) authorizing the
construction of a public building at Philadel-
phia, in the State of Pennsylvania, for the use
of the post office and United States courts ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
land quants to mississippi and alabama.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be, and he is hereby, requested to fur-
nish to this House all the information in his office in
regard to the lands granted to the States of Missis-
sippi and Alabama, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from the mouth of the Ohio river to the
city of Mobile, in the State of Alabama, by the sev-
eral sections of an act entitled "An act granting the
right of way and making a grant of lands to the
States of Illinois, Mississippi, and Alabama, in aid
of the construction of a railroad from Chicago to
Mobile."
american express company.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1948) for the relief
of the American Express Company; which
was read a first and second time, and, with
the accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee of Claims.
william j?. barker.
Mr. CARROLL. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads the bill (H. R.
No. 1564) for the relief of William F. Barker,
postmaster at Northville, Fulton county, New
York.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Haldeman,] that the House
do now adjourn. The House will be in ses-
sion to-morrow as in Committee of the Whole
for debate only, no business whatever to be
transacted, and Mr. Smith, of Ohio, will be in
the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
The question was taken on Mr. Haldeman's
motion, and it was agreed to; and the House
(at three o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned. "   
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CROCKER: The petition of S. S.
Eastman and 175 others, in favor of a new
post route from Greenfield to Conway.
Also, the petition of W. W. Billings and 94
others, in aid of said petition.
Also, the petition of Daniel Low and 33
others, of Fitchburg and Lunenburg, Massa-
chusetts, asking the inviolate preservation in
the Constitution of the United States of the
great guarantees of religious liberty.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The petition
of Jedediah Grey, for increase of pension for
services in the war of 1812.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of James
W. Cooper, of Cherokee county, North Caro-
lina, asking the removal of his political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of William Perkins and others, mer-
chants and ship-owners, of Boston, Massachu-
setts, praying a reduction of the duty on un-
eleaned rice to one and a half eentp, and on
paddy to one cent per pound, and protest-
ing against any reduction of the present duty
on cleaned rice.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petifion of James
E. Montett, of Baltimore, praying Congress to
allow him to stamp certain packages of snuff,
and to refund to him the amount of money
paid for said stamps.
By Mr. PACKER: Additional papers re-
lating to the application of David L. McDer-
mott, of Pennsylvania, for a pension.
By Mr. SHERWOOD : The petition of John
L. Guinter and 84 others, workers in various
industries, citizens of Lycoming county, Penn-
sylvania, praying the repeal of the duties on
tea, coffee, and such other articles as cannot
be produced in the United States, and remon-
strating against any change in the tariff laws
abating duties on articles successfully produced
in this country.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petition
of Joseph C. Beckham, ofPike county,Georgia,
asking the removal of his political disabilities.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 16, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m., Mr.
Smith, of Ohio, occupyingthe chair as Speaker
pro tempore. Prayer by the Chaplain, Kev. J.
G. Butler, D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. BECK. I ask unanimous consent that
the further reading of the Journal be dispensed
with.
There was no objection ; and the further
reading of the Journal was dispensed with.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
meets to-day as in Committee of the Whole
for debate only, and no business is in order.
fox and wisconsin rivers.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. If you
examine the map of Wisconsin, Mr. Speaker,
you will be struck with the course of two im-
portant rivers, which, after approaching each
other as if to form a junction, abruptly change
their courses and move off in almost ex-
actly opposite directions. The Wisconsin,
taking its rise in the magnificent pine forests
of the North, and running southerly a hun-
dred and fifty miles to Portage City, just mid-
way between the east and west boundaries
of the State, makes an abrupt angle and
courses westerly and southerly to the Missis-
sippi. The Fox, rising in the southern half
of the State, approaches almost within sight of
the Wisconsin at the poiut of this angle, and
then makes a detour easterly and northerly
until it loses itself in an arm of Lake Michi-
gan known as Green bay.
At the city of Portage, before mentioned,
these rivers are scarcely more than a mile apart,
while their mouths are separated by the width
of a great State, the eastern by way of the lakes
being more than two thousand miles nearer
the markets of the Atlantic sea-board than the
western by way of the Gulf. These facts, early
in the history of Wisconsin, suggested a water
communication by aid of these rivers across
Wisconsin from the Mississippi to Green bay.
And now, in view of the growth and develop-
ment of the West, and the vast increase of the
volume of trade and commerce between the
West and the East, still augmenting with mar-
velous rapidity, the suggestion has all the force
of an argument.
