1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
me? Why, sir, if the Senator can show me |
the power, I am ready to go with him to the '
utmost limit of his amendment; and so I have j
assured him over and over again. He lias
made my doubts the subject of ridicule, but
has not condescended to dispel them.
The Senator has done me the honor to say
that Petroleum V. Nasby is my prototype in
this constitutional discussion. In this respect
the Senator has the advantage of me; he has ,
touched me upon a point where I cannot give .
him a Roland for his Oliver. I cannot men- I
tion hi.s prototype in constitutional discussion, j
because he has none. He is the first, and as ■
I love the Constitution, I trust the last of a
Bchool of constitutional debaters who begin 1
by asserting that the Constitution has nothing
to do with the subject; that it means something j
or nothing as shall be determined by the Dec- ;
laration of Independence. j
Why are Senators not required on coming '
to their seats in this Chamber to take an oath
to observe the Declaration of Independence?
Senators arc required to take an oath to sup-
port the Constitution, which indicates that m
all their official conduct the Constitution is to
be the supreme rule of their action.
Now, sir, to bring the real issue between the
Senator and myself down to the comprehen-
sion of the commonest understanding, take this
case: suppose afteravailing yourself of all the
means of information which can shed a light
upon the Constitution, you are satisfied tnat
the Constitution forbids you to do a certain
thing, and yet you believe that the geneial
principles of the Declaration of Independence
■would authorize its being done ; now the ques-
tion is whether you are bound to obey the Con-
stitution which you have sworn to support, or
are at liberty to follow the general principles
of the Declaration of Independence, though in
conflict with what your conscience tells you
the Constitution requires? This is the pre-
cise question between the Senator and myself.
Its clear statement is a sufficient argument;
and I am willing to refer this question to an
intelligent people. The Declaration of Inde-
pendence was adopted July 4, 1776. It had
all the force and efficacy from that time which
it has to-day. It is well known that in the
Convention which adopted the Constitution
there was great contrariety of opinion. Many
favored, but a majority opposed a government
modeled upon the British monarchy; atid yer,
upon the theory of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. that the Declaration of Independence
was and is a supreme rule of construction, it
was wholly immaterial what form of govern-
ment that Convention adopted. The Declara-
tion was before them a consummated fact,
controlling the Constitution itself.
Again, it is conceded on all_ bands that
under the articles of Confederation the Con-
gress possessed no powers except those which
were expressly granted. And the deficiency
of the Articles of Confederation ni this respect
led to the adoption of the Constitution. II the
Declaration of Independence furnishes a su-
preme rule of construction for the present
Constitution, then, of course, it did the same
thing for the Articles of Confederation; and
the Constitution giving enlarged powers to the
General Government was wholly unnecessary ;
because the Declaration of Independence must
have enlarged the Articles of Confederation
as much as it does the provisions of the Con-
stitution. I cannot forbear expressing my
astonishment that any man laying the slightest
claim to being a lawyer or a statesman should
contend for a doctrine which is condemned by
the whole history of the country not less than
by the express provisions of the Constitution.
If the Senator does not mean to say thn
when the provisions of the Constitution ate in
conflict with the expressions of natural rigiit
found in the Declaration of Independence t lie
Constitution is to he disregarded, and those
general expressions are to be heeded, then the
greater portion of his speech to-day is wholly
irrelevant, to the question before us.
The second provision in the Senator's amend-
ment, as to the constitutionality of which I
expressed a doubt, relates to the qualification
of jurors in the State courts. We have already
provided that in selecting jurors for the Fed-
eral courts no distinction of color shall be ob-
served. Therefore, as regards those courts,
the Senator's amendment is wholly unneces-
sary. Now the question is whether Congress
has the power to prescribe qualifications for
the jurors m the State courts, or to provide
that the States shall not, in this particular,
discriminate between races and colors. This
is another point presented by the Senator's
amendment as to which I doubt the power of
Congress.
Upon this point the Senator refers to the
civil rights bill, which provides that colored
men may be witnesses m courts of justice;
and the Senator challenges me to point out
the difference between the power of Congress
to provide who shall be witnesses and who
shall be jurymen.
It is manifest from the Constitution, and
especially from the late amendments of that
instrument, that a broad distinction is made
between the privileges which belong to every
citizen as a citizen, whether male or female,
and those political rights as to which the Con-
stitution recognizes the right of a State to dis-
criminate between its citizens. By the laws
of some of the States a juror must be a citizen,
a witness need not be ; a juror must be a male
citizen, twenty-one years of age, a witness need
be neither. Thus the distinction between a
juror and a witness may be extended ad
infinitum.
Now, sir, the present inclination of my judg-
ment is that Congress has no more power to
determine the qualification of a juror in a
State court, than it has to determine the qualifi-
cation of a judge for the bench of a State
court. To call a witness is the right of a
party to a cause pending; and to swear in
one's own behalf in the proper case is, in my
judgment, one of those privileges of a citizen
which a State may not, under the fourteenth
amendment, abridge. The Senator seeks^ to
ignore the distinction which I think exists
between those privileges which are incident
to American citizenship, which no State under
the fourteenth amendment, may abridge^ and
those political rights or franchises which a
State, even since the fourteenth amendment,
may grant or deny to its citizens at pleasure.
Turn to the fifteenth amendment, which pro-
vides—
"The right of citizen* of the Tnited States to vote
shall not be dsmcd or abridged by the tinited Sra.tes,
or by any State, on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude."
I am not positive, but my recollection is that
when this amendment was originally intro-
duced m Congress it read that "the right
of citizens of the United States to vote and
hold office shall not be denied," &c.; but on
that, point I am not certain.
Mr. SUMNER. It did.
Mr. CARPKNTER. That is my recollec-
tion. If so, the provision securing the right
to hold office was stricken out of the amend-
ment. Congress at that time was not pre-
pared to say by an amendment; of the Cousti-
1 ration that" the States might not deprive a
! citizen of the right to hold office for such rea-
sons or upon such grounds as might seem
satisfactory to the State.
Now. Mr. President, my highest ambition is
to imitate the Senator from Massachusetts ;
! and 1 intend to be as untau* toward him as he
! has been toward me. He and I disagree in
! regard to the power of Congress to prevent the
I observance of color anil easte oy a so-called
i Christian church; and thereupon he has de-
I aounced me as tiie champion and vindicator
I of caste in the churches. Now, sir, by way of
illustrating to that Senator the injustice of his
remarks toward myself, let me demand of him
to know why he does not shape his amendment
so as to provide that colored citizens may sit
upon the bench as well as in the jury-box of
the State courts ; and in humble imitation of
the justice and fairness which he has exhibited
to me, I charge him with being the colored
man's enemy in omitting to provide by his
amendment that colored men may sit upou the
benches of the State courts.
I could not vote for such a provision, be-
cause I do not believe the Constitution con-
fers any such power upon Congress. But, sir,
the Senator from Massachusetts is not tram-
meled by the Constitution. He ascends into
the higher, serener, more general atmosphere
of the Declaration of Independence. "As a
man thinketh in his heart, so is he.'' As I
recognize the Constitution *'a guide unto my
steps," I am excused from voting for a pro-
vision which I think the Constitution does not
authorize me to vote for. But the Senator
from Massachusetts acknowledges no such
vulgar limitation. With him the Declaration
of Independence is a supreme rule for constru-
ing the Constitution. It declares "all men
are created equal." ^Therefore all men have
an equal right to be judges of State courts
of justice.
This principle, which, according to the Sen-
ator, and quoting from his former speech, is
" written between th.e lines of the Constitu-
tion," overrules all State constitutions and
statutes, and opens the bench of the Stat'",
courts to colored as well as white citizens. J
therefore charge the Senator from Massachu-
setts with being the colored citizen's enemy,
in this, namely, that he does not by his amend-
ment provide that the colored citizen may sit
upon the bench of the State court as well as
in its jury-box. It may be said this is injus-
tice toward the Senator from Massachusetts.
I admit it. I am trying to imitate that Sena-
tor, and to be as unjust toward him as he
has been toward me, hoping thus and thereby
to open his eyes to the injustice he has done
me.
it may be said that the Constitution does not
confer upon Congress the power to prescribe
the qualifications of State judges, orprescritie
who shall sit upon the benches of the State
courts. I admit this ; but the Senator from
Massachusetts recognizes no such limitations
upon the powers of Congress. No such vulgar
scruples are felt by him. He basks in the
sublimer light cf the Declaration, which recog-
nizes no artificial distinctions such as those
between judges and jurymen. And I state the
case thus strongly and unjustly against, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, hoping to inspire in
him a slight sense of justice when speaking of
other aieu.
The fourteenth amendment recognizes a dis-
tinction between the privileges of a citizen
which a State may not abridge, and the polit-
ical right of a citizen to vote which a State may
not deny on account of '• race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude," but may deny
on all other grounds, and the political right to
hold office, which the State may deny upon
such grounds as to it may seem fit.
Turn to the fourteenth amendment, to illus-
trate :
"JTo State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities ot a citi-
zen of the United States."
Now turn to the second section of that
amendment: " Representatives shall ^appor-
tioned among the several States according to
their respective numbers, &c., jjut when the
right to vote, &c., shall be denied, &c., ' tne
basis ©''representation shall be reduced accord-
ingly. Here, m the text of the fourteenth
amendment, the distinction is drawn between
those privileges which pertain to every citizen,
and which no Stats may abridge, and the polit-
ical right to vote which may be abridged by a
