2620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
want anybody to be deceived about this.
Of eourae not; nobody wants to be deceived
any more than those two Senators do. But
let me ask, why is it that people have not been
deceived about these other bonds? You have
chartered transcontinental railway lines, and
they have put their bonds on the market and
sold them, and no such thing as this ever was
in them. One of those lines traverses Kansas,
and here is the Senator from Kansas who
knows that $22,600 a mile is the assessed valu-
ation of that road, that the taxes are laid and
paid, nobody disputing it now. They did dis-
pute it and went before the court, and the court
said the State had the right to tax it. Now, I
want to know what the occasion is for putting
in here a special provision doubtful in charac-
ter, in order to insure what nobody doubts
now?
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator. Does he say that nobody doubts
it now?
Mr. CONKLING. Nobody that I have
heard.
Mr. THURMAN. TheSenatorfrom Indiana
has made an argument here this very day 
Mr. EDMUNDS. And a pretty strong
one, too.
Mr. THUR.MAN. And I defy any member
on this floor to make as strong an argument
in favor of the exemption from State taxation
of the Bank of tQe United States, or bonds of
the United States, as can be made in favor of
exempting a railroad chartered by Congress
if Congress has the power to charter it. The
Senate will bear in mind that the Supreme
Court has never decided this question.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Indi-
ana did allude—1 do not know precisely why,
for I did not follow closely all his remarks—
to the very familiar doctrine stated in McCul-
loch vs. Maryland, and Weston us. The City
of Charleston, that a State cannot, tax the in-
strumentalities of the General Government;
it cannot tax the fiscal agencies, the Mint, ttie
Post Office, the stages which run on a post
road, for that is one case which came from
the State of Pennsylvania.
The Senator from Indiana alluded to that
doctrine, I know. I did not understand him
to argue, very far from it, that this railroad
company or the other railroad companies and
express companies cannot be taxed by the
States. We have chartered them, and they are
taxed, and nobody has disputed it, because
Congress has not interposed, as Congress did
in the ease of the five-twenty bonds and the
other bonds, to say expressly that they should
be exempt from taxation. 1 know what, the
Supreme Court of the United States has said
as to the necessity of Congress consenting to
national bank stock being taxed. I did not
understand the Senator from 1 ndiana to make
any suggestion to the contrary, and he will
not, although he did allude to this general
familiar doctrine which has been staled over
and over again.
Mr. HOWB. Do I understand the Senator
from New York to say that the Supreme Court
held that bonds could not be taxed because
the law under which the bonds were issued
forbade their taxation?
Mr. CONKLING. No, I did not say that.
Mr. HOWE. I so understood.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 did not mean to say
that. Now, I will state on that point that the
Supreme Court held that the credits of the
Government, the bonds put afloat wherewith
to obtain the money to defray the expenses
of the Government, were instrumentalities
of the Government, and that, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, not an act of
Congress, they were exempt; and then it
was aigued whether Congress should, and also
whether Congress could, delegate to the States
the power to tax them. We all understand
tow that question is. But the Senator from
Indiana for some reason or other alluded to
that doctrine. I have heard nobody contend,
and we have history to assure us that nobody
does contend, in other similar cases that the
States may not impose taxes upon thi3 prop-
erty like other property resident in the States.
If that is so, I see not why we should not
"let well enough alone;" but if we are not
content to do that, but we want a specific,
directory clause to the States as to what they
may do and what they shall do, which I con-
sider worse than surplusage, as has been
stated by two Senators on the other side, then
I think it is quite right that we should see to
it that the Senator from Ohio does not pro-
pose language which may be a threat as the
Senator from Indiana said, which may be an
invitation, as I said, to somebody to impose
taxation in some special and invidious or im-
proper way. I say, too, that when the Sen-
ator undertakes to tie up the States by saying
that the rate of taxation or percentage of im-
position, and that only, shall conform to the
other percentages and rates in the States, he
leaves the door wide open, and does more
than that, points the finger of the Legislature
to that door as being open, which will enable
the States to rate this property, not fraudu-
lently, but, in the language of the last Demo-
cratic national platform, at its full leal value,
although real estate and every other species of
property is not so rated.
Mr. MORTON. Does the Senator mean
the full real value of the Democratic platform?
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLTNG. It turned out to be the
full real value of the Democratic platform ; but
they said there that all property was to be
taxed alike and taxed at its real value. What
I am pointing out is that it is in my judgment,
an opportunity, and I think I may almost say
an invitation to the States to treat this prop-
erty as they please as to valuation, charging it
at a hundred cents on the dollar as it stands at
its par value on the books of the company,
imposing two and a half per cent, if that is
the rate of taxation, while all other property
in the State assessed by assessors may be
assessed at one third or one fifth or one fourth
its real value.
The Supreme Court have said a great many
times that, people are all bound to know the
law, and never can get relief because they do
not; and now if any Senator will show me
that the people of this country, especially
thuse who have money in their pockets to buy
bonds with, need a guardian and are likely to
advance their money without taking notice of
the fact, that the investment is liable tp taxa-
tion, or will show me that there is any doubt
of the power of the States which we can aid,
then I will vote for any prudent amendment;
but I do not want any Senator to impute to
me the idea that somebody is going to commit
a fraud, or that some overgrown monopoly is
to be established by the votes of those who
vote as" I do, and that there is some special
righteousness to be attained here by a great,
deal of activity on this subject of taxation.
If it is necessary let us vote it, if it is not
necessary, let us accept the law as we know it
to be, and leave the bill as it will be when we
have so left it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to say to the
Senator from New York that if this railroad
when completed be not an instrumentality of
the General Government to carry into execu-
tion some one of its powers, I do notknow what
authority we have even to build it or aid it,
any way whatever ; and for that reason I think
there is very grave doubt about the power cf
the States to tax it without permission of the
General Government. But if the Senator from
New York is right, and there is no doubt of the
power of the States to tax it, then this provis-
ion, instead of being against the interest of
the company in the sale of its bonds, is in favor
of it, because the power as it exists now is an
unlimited power, and this certainly as far it
goes is a restriction ; they can commit greater
injustice without the amendment than they
can with it.
Mr. CONKLING. Although I will take a
moment in doing it, I will make an observation
in respect of both the ideas advanced by the
Senator. In the first place, he says that if you
argue that Congress has the power under
either provision of the Constitution to charter
this road you imply that the property of the
road when chartered becomes an instrument-
ality of the Government, and therefore is
clothed with immunity from State taxation.
As I sav, I will take but a moment upon that
proposition, and therefore, of course, I am
not going to argue it; but I say to the Sen-
ator that his proposition implies thai if we
established a post road, if we build a straight
line road from here to New York, or if we
authorize somebody to go on and do it and
own the franchise and traverse States in order
to do it, then in every State through which it
passes all the track and all the business trans-
acted on that road, which is incidentally, or,
as the Senator pleases, primarily a post road,
is exempt from taxation. No such thing has
ever been claimed On the contrary, the case
going farthest which lean now remember is a
case that arose in the State of Pennsylvania,
where it was held that the post-coaches laden
with the mail, the vehicles in which the mail
passed from one place to another, were instru-
mentalities and were exempt from taxation.
I think thf case went as far as that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not from taxation as
property, but, from license taxes.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ver-
mont reminds me, and he is right about that,
that even there it was not held that they were
exempt from taxation as to property, but from
license tax. We have chartered other rail-
roads, the one I have referred to two or three
times ; every one has had his rights and inter-
ests ; every one has been interested in with-
holding the taxation if he could. They can-
not. ; they do not. They attempted it and they
failed. I close that point with the Senator
from Wisconsin by saying that whenever it, is
successfully denied and any court holds that
the assent of Congress is necessary to confer
that power upon the States, then we want not
this amendment in this bill, but one general
amendment which shall sweep over all bills
and remove the vast and wide spread injustice
wh'ch will then exist.
Now, Mr. President, as to the other point
that if we do not say something here the men
who are going to buy the bonds will be afraid
that this State power will be exercised to the
extent of destruction or improper aud invidi-
ous injury. That is the Senator's second
suggestion. History again answers him oil
that point; but a better answer is that if such
a case shall present itself the remedy is here.
Such a case has presented itself in the instance
of another corporation, namely, the Southern
Express Company, where certain States, Geor-
gia for example, did go on and load them
down with such a burden of taxation that
they could not stand up under it, and they
came here to Congress and received relief by
an act of Congress.
Mr. MORTON. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator that the same thing was done in regard
to the insurance companies of other States m
several States. They were taxed out of those
States.
Mr. CONKLING. The case of insurance
companies is another instance. Therefore I
suggest to the Senator from Wisconsin that in
that regard, too, he is espousing the negative
side of this ; ho is taking an empty way to get
at it. Whenever this grievance arises, we shall
need, in my judgment, something much more
efficient than this provision under which in
strict conformity to which they can tax.this
railtoad fourfold over any other property in
the State.
