1724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
The proposition under consideration involves
two inquiries: one as to the feasibility, and the
other as to the importance of the project.
These questions I shall examine in their order,
not deeming it necessary to spend a moment
in discussing the question of constitutional
power to deal with the subject—a power which
long since ceased to be questionable.
There are, however, some matters of history
pertinent to the subject which seem to precede
the consideration of the above-named questions,
and to these I invite a moment's attention.
On the 8th day of August, 1846, Congress,
after a full consideration of the subject, real-
izing the importance of making the Pox and
Wisconsin rivers available as a water commu-
nication, enacted as follows:
"That there be, and hereby is. granted to the
State of Wisconsin, on the admission of said State
into tho Union, for the purpose of improving the
navigation of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers in the
ierritory of Wisconsin, and of constructing tho
canal to unite the said rivers at or near the portage
a quantity of land equal to one half of three sections
in width on eaoh side of the said Fox river and the
lakes through which it passes, from its month to tho
point where the portage canal shall enter the same,
and on each side of said canal from one stream to
the other, reserving the alternate sections to the Uni-
ted btates, to bo selected under the direction of the
(governor of said State, and such selection to be ap-
proved by tho President of the United States. The
riversi when improved, and the said canal when
nnisned, shall be and forever remain a public high-
way for the use of tho Government of the United
Btates, Iroo from any toll or other chargo whatever,
lor the transportation of the mails or lor any prop-
erty oi tho United States or persons in their service
passing upon or along the same: Provided, That
said alternate sections reserved to the United States
Shan not be sold at a less rate than $2 50 the acre :
Provided also, That no preemptive claim to the
lands so reserved shall give the occupant, or any
other person claiming through or under him, a right
to said lands at any price less than the price fixedin
tins act at the time of tho settlement on said lands."
By the terms of this act the State of Wis-
consin was to commence said improvement
within three years afcer the admission of the
State into the Union, and to complete it within
twenty years.
In pursuance of this act the State, by suit-
able legislation, assumed the trust, and through
its agents entered upon the contemplated work.
By an act of the Legislature approved July 6,
1853, the State placed the improvement in the
hands of an association incorporated under
and by the name of the Fox and Wisconsin
Improvement Company, vesting all the rights,
franchises, and property of the State inland
to said improvement in the aforesaid company,
and requiring that said company should com-
plete the improvement within three years,
according to the plan reported by tho chief
engineer, so as to enable boats with a draught
of two feet and breadth of thirty feet, drawing
ordinary stages of water, to pass with facility
from Green bay into the Wisconsin river, to
pay all the outstanding indebtedness incurred
on account of the said improvement, and to
save the State harmless on account of the
same.
The act also provides that the surrender of
the improvement to the company and their
management of the fund should be subject to
the conditions of the act of Congress making
the grant, aud that tho State might at any time
becomo the owner of the improvement after
twenty years by paying to the company what
they may have expended on it over and above
the avails of the grant.
Subsequently the improvement company, by
by an act approved March 31, 1855, obtained
the right to increase its capital stock $250,000.
Jjy this act the company was required to com-
plete the improvement according to the plan
ot the engineer, Captain Cram, so as to allow
boats drawing not less than three feet to pass
irom Lake WinDebago to the "Wisconsin river
and lands belonging to the State along the
line of the improvement were given to the
company, and are now held and owned by the
present company, but which are to pass to the
United States under the arbitration to which I
shall refer.
In 1856 another act was passed requiring the
reconstruction and enlargement of the works
according to a plan prepared and submitted by
the engineer, I). C. Jeune, so that steamboats
drawing four feet of water may pass during
the ordinary stage, of water from Green bay
to Lake Winnebago, and boats' drawing three
and a half feet of water may pass from Lake
Winnebago to the Wisconsin river.
The act also provides for the appointment
of three trustees, to whom the "improvement
company should execute a deed of trust of the
entire property, upon conditions therein speci-
fied.
In April, 1861,anotheract was passed author-
izing a sale of the lands and property of the
company by the trustees under the trust deed,
and providing for the organization of a new
company by the purchasers, which company
might own the improvement and carry on the
work to completion.
_ In February, 1866, the Green Bay and Mis-
sissippi Canal Company, a new organization,
became the owner of this valuable property,
and has so remained since that date.
Such in brief is the history of the improve-
ment and the legislation following the first
grant made by the General Government in
1846, above mentioned.
It is easy to see that the legislation obtained
from the State since 1853 has been altogether
friendly to the parties owning and controlling
the property, rights, and franchises hereinbe-
fore mentioned ; nor will it be denied that these
parties have been naturally more concerned in
making the improvement subservient to their
own interests than to the wants of commerce
between the West and the East.
_ After the_ closc of the recent war the atten-
tion of leading men in the Northwest was nat-
urally drawn anew to the importance of this
improvement as a great national enterprise,
and the subject, in the light of the statistics
brought out in the_ progress of discussion
through the press, in popular conventions,
ana otherwise, speedily assumed a magni-
tude challenging the attention of the country.
And through the same means it became ap-
parent that before the Government could take
hold of this enterprise with a spirit and vigor
commensurate with its great importance, it
must acquire the control of the franchises and
property of the-Green Bay and Mississippi
Canal Company. This was the first step to be
taken.
_ Accordingly Congress, after due considera-
tion of the subject, by a law approved July 7,
1870, cnacted as follows:
An act for the improvement of wa.ter communica-
tion between the Mississippi river andLakeMich-
lfran, by the Wisconsin and Fox rivers.
V,e it enacted by the Senate and, House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
aasenibled, That the Secretary of Wftr is hereby
authorized to adopt for the improvement of tho
navigation of the Wisconsin river such plan as may
be recommended by the chief of the Bureau of
Logmeers.
Sec. 2. And bo it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary aforesaid is hereby authorized to ascertain at
any time he shall deem proper within three years
irom the passage of this act, the sumwhich ought in
justice to be paid to the Green Bay and Mississippi
tanal Company, a corporation existing under the
laws of Wisconsin,, as an equivalent for the transfer
ol all and singular its property and rights of property
lu a?ir-t0 "n.e °f water communication between
the Wisconsin river aforesaid and the mouth of the
|ox river, including its locks, dams, canals, and
franchises, or so much of tho samo as shall, in the
judgment of said Secretary, be needed; and to that
end is authorized to join with said company in
appointing a board of disinterested and impartial
arbitrators, one of whom shall be selected by tho
+tfc*u-a!?u^aforesaid, another by said company, and
the third by the two arbitratorsso selected. The Sec-
retary aforesaid i&-authorized to employ a competent
T^LV^to.MpreBWit the interests of the
united States upon the hearing before such board:
Provided, That in making their award the said arbi-
trates snail take into consideration tho amount
realized from the sale of lands heretofore granted
by Congress to the State of Wisconsin to aia in the
construction of said water communication, which
amount shall bo deducted from the actual value
thereof as found by said arbitrators.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no money
shall be expended on the improvement of tho Pox
or Wisconsin river until the Green Bay and Missis-
sippi Canal Company shall make and file with tho
Secretary of War an agreement in writing, whereby
it shall agree to grant and convey to the United
btates the property and franchises mentioned in the
foregoing section, upon the terms awarded by the
arbitrators. It is hereby made the duty of the Sec-
retary of War to transmit to Congress a copy of the
report of the arbitrators, upon which Congress may,
at its then present session, elect to take such prop-
erty upon making an appropriation to pay the
amount awarded; Provided. That if the Secretary
ot War shall not transmit to Congress a copy of the
report of the arbitrators at least sixty days before
the close of its session, Congress may at its next ses-
sion make such election and appropriation.
fcEC. i. And be %t further enacted, That all tolls and
revenues derived from the improvements made or
acqun-ed under the provisions of this act, after pro-
viding for the current expenses of operating and
keeping the same in repair, shall be paid into the
Ireasury of the United States, and whenever tho
United btates shall be reimbursed for all sums ad-
vanced for the same, -with interest thereon, then tho
tolls aforesaid shall be reduced to the least sum
which, together with other revenues properly appli-
cable thereto, if any, shajl be sufficient to operate
and Keep the improvements in repair.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War shall annually report to Congress the
progress made in tho completion of said improve-
ments, the amount expened thereon, the amount,
if any, required for the succeeding fiscal year, and
the amount of revenue derived therefrom-.
Approved, July 7,1870.
The agreement mentioned in section three
having been filed, arbitrators were duly chosen 5
the investigation made, and the award, in sub-
stance as follows, has been transmitted to Con-
gress :
Value of locks, dams, franchises, &e  $S6S 070
Ya ue of water-power  mo/jOO
v aluc of personal property  40,000
Total     1 Q£8 0K0
From which deduct for proceeds of lands  '72i'ofo
Balance  §325,000
It will be observed that under this-award
the Government has the opportunity to acquiro
this great franchise, including all tho rights,
interests, and property of the company, (per-
sonal property alone excepted,) at an expense
of only $285,000 or less than one third (he
sum at which it has always been held by the
company—an opportunity which will not be
likely to present itself again.
.The precise point to which my remarks are
directed is, therefore, to urge most earnestly
the acceptance of the award as to all excep't
the personal property, and the necessary ap-
propriation to carry our action into effect; but
1 have another object in view, which, how-
ever, embraces this,_ to wit, to set forth the
claims of the enterprise upon the attention of
Congress and the country.
This brings me to the question of the feasi-
bility of the proposed improvement, because
if it be not dearly practicable, and moreover
within the limits of a reasonable expenditure,
then no adequate reason exists for making the
election " contemplated in the act of July 7,
18(0. ^ But if it can be demonstrated that the
work is not only feasible, but ean be accom-
plished at a cost, compared with its import-
ance, altogether trifling and insignificant, then
we are prepared to urge that the Gover nment
at once take hold of the enterprise and push it
to completion.
Upon this question I might content myself
with simply referring the House to the reports
of th"e several engineers, heretofore made on
careful examinations and surveys. These re-
ports concur in affirming the entire practica-
bility of the work. The estimates of expenso
are moreover so exceedingly moderate as to
plead powerfully for the proposition. Gen-
eral W arren says, in speaking of this improve-
ment, it—
."Will afforda thoroughly reliable water commu-
Sr £r®m tho Mississippi to Lake Michigan,
capable ot transporting millions of tons annually
at comparatively small coat. It will be seen, also!
tnat aside from the item of expense, this route wilt
anora facilities for the transportation especially of
heavy freights, unequal ed by any existing or pro-
posed routo. . North of the Rock Island rapids, in the
Mississippi river, the boats to be used should bo of
Sv?lass4that can be loaded at any elevator on tho
Mississippi, or its navigable tributaries, below the
talis of St. Anthony, and go through the lake with-
out breaking bulk.
A comparison of tariffs bv various lines of trans-
