776
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
42d Cong.,..*2d Sess.
Laws of ihe United States.
shall lease, rent, or procure at his own cost,
suitable premises for the transaction of busi-
ness, and tor the preservation of the books and
other documents connected therewith, and
which premises shall be styled " the shipping
commissioner's office." And the general busi-
ness of a shipping commissioner shall be,
first, to afford facilities for enga'ging seamen
by keeping a register of their names andchar-
acters; secondly, to superintend their engage-
ment and discharge, in manner hereinafter
mentioned; thirdly, to provide means for se-
curing the presence on board at the proper
times of men who are so engaged ; fourthly,
to facilitate the making of apprenticeships
to the sea service ; and to perform such other
duties relating to merchant seamen and mer-
chant ships as are hereby, or may hereafter,
under the powers herein contained, be commit-
ted to him.
Sec. 5. That such fees, not exceeding the
sums specified in the table marked "A" in the
sche_dule hereto annexed, shall be payable
upon all engagements and discharges effected
before shipping commissioners as hereinafter
mentioned, and such shipping commissioners
shall cause a scale of the fees payable to be
prepared, and to be.conspicuously placed in the
shipping office; and the shipping commis-
sioner may refuse to proceed with any engage-
ment or discharge unless the fees .payable
thereon are first paid.
Sec. 6. That every owner, consignee, agent,
or master of a ship engaging or dischai-ging
any seamen or seaman m a shipping office, or
before a shipping commissioner, shall pay to
the shipping commissioner the whole of the
fees hereby made payable iu respect of such
engagement or discharge, and may, for the
purpose of in part reimbursing himself, deduct
in respect of each such engagement or dis-
charg, from the wages of aU persons (except
apprentices) so engaged or discharged, and
reiain any sums not exceeding the sums speci-
fied in that behalf in the table marked " B"
in the schedule hereto annexed.
Sec. 7. That any shipping commissioner,
or any clerk or employee iu any' shipping
office, who shall demand or receive any re-
muneration whatever, either directly or indi-
rectly, for hiring or supplying any seaman for
any merchant ships,- excepting the lawful fees
payable under this act, shall, for every such
offence, incur a penalty not exceeding two
hundred dollars.
Sec. 8. That in the case of any place or port
in which no shipping commissioner shall have
been appointed, then the whole or any part
of the business of a shipping commissioner
shall be conducted by the collector or deputy
collector of customs of such place or port; and
iu respect of such business such custom-house
shall be deemed a shipping office, and the col-
lector or deputy collector of customs to whom
such business shall be committed shall for all
purposes be deemed a shipping commissioner
within the meaning of this act; aud any per-
son other than a commissioner under this act
who shall perform, or attempt to perform,
either directly or indirectly, the duties which
are by this act set forth as pertaining to a " ship-
ping commissioner," shall incur'a penalty not
exceeding five hundred dollars: Provided,
That nothing in thisact shall be [so] construed
as to prevent the owner or consignee, or master
of any ship, except such as are described in
section twelve of this act, from performing
himself, so far as the said ships are concerned,
the duties of shipping commissioner under this
act.
Sec. 9. That every shipping commissioner
appointed under this act shall, if applied to
for the purpose of apprenticing boys to the
sea service by any masters or owners of ships,
or by any person or persons legally qualified,
give such assistance as is in their power for
facilitating the making of such apprentice-
ships; but the shipping commissioner shall
ascertain that the boy has voluntarily consented
to be bound, and that the parents or guardian
of said boy have consented to said apprentice-
ship, and [that he] has attained the age of
twelve years, and is of sufficient health and
strength, and that the master to whom the
"boy is to be bound is a proper person for the
purpose: Provided, That said apprenticeship
shall terminate when the apprentice becomes
eighteen years of age. And the shipping
commissioner may receive from the persons
availing themselves of such assistance the fees
contained in table " C" in the schedule hereto
annexed. Aud the shipping commissioner
shall keep a register of all indentures of
apprenticeship made before him.
Sec. 10. That the master of every foreign-
going ship shall, before carrying any appren-
tice to sea from any place in the United States,
cause such apprentice to appear before the
shipping commissioner before whom the crew
is engaged, and shall produce to him the in-
denture by which such apprentice is bound,
and the assignment or assignments thereof (if
any), and the name of such apprentice, with
the date of the indenture and the assignment
or assignments thereof (if any) shall be en-
tered on the agreement;-and no such assign-
ment shall be made without the approval of a
commissioner, the apprentice, his parents, or
his guardian. And for any default in obeying
the provisions of this section, the master shall,
for each offence, incur a penalty not exceed-
ing one hundred dollars.
Sec. 11. That if any person shall demand
or receive, either directly or indirectly, from
any seaman seeking employment as a seaman,
or from any other person seeking employment
as a seaman, or from any person on his behalf,
any remuneration whatever, other than the
fees hereby authorized, for providing him with
employment, he shall, for every such offence,
incur a penalty not exceeding one hundred
dollars.
Sec. 12. That the master of every ship
bound from a port in the United States to any
foreign port, or of any ship of the burden of
sevsnty-five tons or upward, bound from a
port on the Atlantic to a port on ihe Pacific,
or vicc versa, shall, before he proceeds on
such voyage, make an agreement, in writing
or in print, with every seaman whom he car-
ries to sea as one of the crew, in the manner
hereinafter mentioned; and every such agree-
ment shall be in the form, as near as may be,
as hereunto in table " D," in the schedule an-
nexed, and shall be dated at the time of the
first signature thereof, and shall be signed by
the master before any seaman signs the same,
and shall contain the following particulars,
that is to say : first, the nature, and, as far as
practicable, the duration of the intended voy-
age or engagement, and the port or country
at which the voyage is to terminate; secondly,
the number and description of the crew, speci-
fying their respective employments; thirdly,
the time at which each seaman is to be on
board to begin work ; fourthly, the capacity in
which each seaman is to serve; fifthly, the
amount of wages each seaman is to receive;
sixthly, a scale of the provisions which are to
be furnished to each seaman ; seventhly, any
regulations as to conduct on board, and as to
fines, shoit allowance of provisions, or other
lawful punishments for misconduct as may be
sanctioned by Congress as regulations proper
to be adopted, and which the parties agree to
adopt; eighthly, any stipulations in reterence
to advance and allotment of wages, or other
matters not coutrary to law: Provided, That
whenever the master of any vessel shall en-
gage his crew, or any part of the same, in any
customs district where no shipping commis-
sioner shall have been appointed under section
one of this act, he may perform for himself
the duties of such commissioner, in like man-
ner as is provided by the proviso of section
ei&ht of this act: Provided further, That this
sectioa shall not apply to masters of vessels
where the seamen are by custom or agreement
entitled to participate in the profits or result
of a cruise or voyage, nor to masters of coast-
wise nor to masters of lake-going vessels that
touch at foreign ports; but seamen may, by
agreement, serve on board such vessels a defi-
nite time, or on the return of any vessel to a
port iu the United States may reship and sail
in the same vessel on another voyage without
the payment of additional fees to the shipping
commissioner by either the seaman or the
master.
Seo. 13. That the following rules shall be
observed with respect to agreements: first,
every agreement (except in such cases of agree-
ments as are hereinafter specially provided for)
shall be signed by each seaman in the pres-
ence of a shipping commissioner; secondly,
when the crew is first engaged the agreement
shall be signed in duplicate, and one part shall
be retained by the shipping commissioner,
and the other part shall contain a specialplace
or form for the description and signatures of
persons engaged subsequently to the first
departure of the ship, and shall be delivered
to the master; thirdly, every agreement en-
tered into before a shipping commissioner shall
be acknowledged and certified under the hand
and official seal of such commissioner, and
shall be indorsed on or annexed to such agree-
ment, and such certificate of acknowledgment
shall be in form aud mannerfollowing, to wit:
" State of , county of :
'"On this   day of  , personally
appeared before me, a shipping commissioner
in and for the said county, A. B., C. D., and
E, F., severally known to me to be the same
persons who executed the foregoing instru-
ment, who each for himself acknowledged to
me that he had read or had heard read the
same ; that he was by me made acquainted
with the conditions thereof, and understood
the same ; and that, while sober and- not in a
state of intoxication, he signed it freely and
voluntarily, for the uses and purposes therein
mentioned.''
Sec. 14. Tbat, first, if any person shall be
carried to sea as one of the crew on board of
any ship making a voyage as hereinbefore
specified without entering into an agreement
wit,lube master of said ship, in the form and
manner and at the place and times hereby in
such cases required, the ship shall be held
liable, and for each such offence shall incur a
penalty not exceeding two hundred dollars:
Provided always, That the ship shall not be
held liable for any person carried to sea who
shall have secretly stowed away himself with-
out the knowledge of captain, mate, or of
any of the officers of the ship, or who shall
have falsely personated himself to the captain,
mate, or officers of the ship for the purpose of
being carried to sea; secondly, if any master,
mate, or other officer, of a ship knowingly
receives, or accepts to be entered on boaid of
any merchant ship, any seaman who has been
engaged or supplied contrary to the provisions
of this act, the ship on board of which such
seaman shall be found shall, for every such
seaman, be liable to and incur a penalty of a
sum not exceeding two hundred dollai s: Pro-
vided further, Tbat in case of deseitmn, or
of casualty resulting iu the loss of one or more
seamen, the master may ship a number equal
to the number of whose services he has been
deprived by desertion Or casualty, and n port
the same to the United States consul at the
first port at which he shall arrive, without
incurring such penalty.
Seo. 15, That every master of a merchant
ship of the United States who engages any
