1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4415
amendment, more particularly if it is to be
adopted, I should like to understand more
than I do of the ground upon which it pro-
ceeds. We have been reminded this evening
very properly, by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and Oil a previous occasion I ventured
to call the attention of the Senate to the nee.d
that exists of determining the rights of parties
who have invested money, possibly upon a
mistaken conception of their rights, and who
have laid a track upon I street in one place,
and are left now uncertain in regard to their fate.
If this proposition is confined to remedial
legislation in that regard, I have no hesita-
tion in voting for it, assuming as I do that it
is a proper remedy or cure for the difficulty
and uncertainty existing. But, I am told by
Senators who understand this much better than
I do, upon the spur of the occasion in refer-
ence to settling the disputed rights of these
parties we are about to enter upon a grand
combination scheme to gridiron the city, to
what extent I do not know, although I have
been listening to obtain as much inlormation
as I could.
Now, I beg one of the gentleman having
charge of this amendment to inform us, if he
can without inconvenience, as to the number
of the streets, naming them, that are to be
traversed by street railroads if this amendment
prevails. It seems to me that is a very mod-
erate request. I would like to hear stated once
distinctly, so that we may understand in the
midst of all these conflicting propositions, to
how many s'reets this amendment applies,
what streets they are and the length of the track,
double and single, which is to be imposed upon
those streets if we enact it. I want to inquire as
to the totality of the measure. I want to know
how much the amendment upon which we are
to vote embraces, and what it is which it does
embrace.
Mr. SAWYER. It will be impossible for
nie to state exactly the number of rods in
length of each road, or the number of miles;
but if the Senator had listened to the reading
of the bill, with his familiarity with the streets
of this city, he would have drawn in his own
mind a picture of the routes which would have
been very definite. The bill originally was for
the Anacostia and Potomac River Railroad
Company. The road to be built under that
begins, as I said before, on the south side of
Pennsylvania avenue, opposite to Willard's
Hotel.
Mr. WEST. Let me ask the Senator from
South Carolina a question.
Mr. SAWYER. I will answer one question
first, if the Senator pleases. 1 am speaking
of tliis bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the entire bill a pro-
posed amendment?
Mr. SAWYER. Not entirely. It is a sub-
stitute ingrafted upon the bill which was be-
fore us the other day.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. This, then, is a substi-
tute for that bill?
Mr. SAWYER. Yes ; but it includes what
was in that bill. As I say, the Anacostia and
Potomac Railroad Company propose to build
their road from the south side of Pennsylvania
avenue opposite Willard's Hotel, to pass down
Fourteenth street a block or two to Ohio ave-
nue; Ohio avenue runs southeast for about
two blocks. The road goes on Ohio avenue
to Twelfth street, and then it goes on Twelfth
street to the Potomac river, to Water street,
which is the street bordering the river. It
passes along Water street to N street south ;
along N street south to Third street east;
along Third street east to M street south ;
along M street south to Eleventh street east
and then down Eleventh street to the Anacostia
or Untontowti bridge, as it is calltd. That is
the route of the Anacostia Railroad Company.
The Senator can follow in his mind that track.
It is in a part of the town absolutely unsupplied
with any facilities of the kind.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend has now com-
pleted his statement as to one railroad. Let
me ask what is the length of that?
Mr SAWYER. It is about three miles, I
should think.
Mr. CONKLING. With a double or single
tr&ck ?
Mr. SAWYER. Double track.
Mr. WEST. Will the Senator 
Mr. SAWYER. I trust the Senator will
allow me to answer the question of the Sen-
ator from New York first.
Mr. WEST. Certainly. I do not wish to
interrupt the Senator.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senat&r will oblige
me if he will allow me to answer one question
at a time.
Mr. WEST. I wanted to facilitate the
Senator.
Mr. SAWYER. Another proposition is
to build a road from the northern bound-
ary line of Georgetown through several streets
in Georgetown to P street bridge.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the name of
that railroad ?
Mr. SAWYER. The Union Railroad Com-
pany, to build a road from the northern bound-
ary of Georgetown through High street to Pay-
ette street, along Payette street to Second and
Third streets, and along those streets to High
street, West street, aud Beall street, along
Montgomery, Beall, and West streets, George-
town, to P street bridge over Rock creek.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not that thelinewhich
has been mentioned here as having had part
of its track laid on I street?
Mr. SAWYER. Yes, sir. Then from P
street bridge along P street to New Jersey
avenue, aud along New Jersey avenue to First
street west, and along First street to the north
line of Pennsylvania avenue. That terminates
that portion of that road. Then it is to run
along Connecticut avenue from P street to L
street north, and along Lstreet north to Tenth
street west, along Tenth street west to I street
north, and on 1 street north down to Fifth
street west, and along Fifth street by Judiciary
square to Louisiana avenue, and along Louis-
iana avenue to Sixth street.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the length of
that road ?
Mr. SAWYER. I think about the same
length as the other.
Mr. CONKLING. Double or single track?
Mr. SAWYER. Double track, except at
one place. Now, the Boundary and Silver
Spring railroad, which is the third branch of
the gridiron scheme, as it is called, begins
where the northern boundary of the Distiict
of Columbia is intercepted by the Seventh
street road, passes down the Seventh street
road until it gets to Boundary street, then
turns in a northwesterly direction to Ninth
street, a short distance, one or two blocks,
down Ninth street west across Pennsylvania
avenuetoB street north, just west of the mar-
ket, and down B street north to Sixth street,
where the proposed depot of the Baltimore
and Potomac railroad is. That is the whole
scheme. The Metropolitan railroad is also
extended at this end of the town.
Mr. SPENCER. -I should like to inquire
if an amendment is in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at this
time. There are two amendments pending.
Mr. SPENCER. I give notice that at the
proper time I wish to offer an amendment
to provide for amending the charter of the
Columbia Railway Company.
Mr. SPENCER. What is the pending
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Kei,ls\]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that
amendment is a judicious one. Perhaps it
may not be known to all Senators that East
Capitol street is the street that goes from the
center of the Capitol out to Lincoln square. If
seems to me that ought to be preserved from
any disfigurement of a railroad.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment reported by the
Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. KELLY. I move further to amend
the committees substitute in section seven,
page (5, by striking out in line four the word
•'second" and inserting "ninth," and by
striking out, commencing in line five, the
words "and in lieu thereof the said company
is hereby authorized to lay a single or double
track along A street north, between Fiist and
Second streets east, and along Second street
east, between A street north and East Capitol
street;" so that the section, if amended, will
read :
That all right of the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany to lay a railway track on First street east,
between A street north and East Capitol street, and
on East Capitol street between First and Ninth
streets east, is hereby repealed: Provided, That said
East Capitol street shall be parked on each side and
not in the middle thereof, and the side-walks con-
structed outside the park.
The previous amendment offered by me
having been adopted, it is necessary to adopt
this to make it consistent, because the Met-
ropolitan Railroad Company has already the
right to construct a railway along East Capi-
tol street. I am told there will be no objec-
tion to the amendment; if so, I will not de-
tain the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer a new
section, to come in at the end of the bill :
That each of the said street railroad companies
authorized by this act shall annually pay into the
treasury of the District of Columbia a sum equal to
one per cent, of the capital expended or invested
by such company.
I think it is usual, and whether upual or
not it would be just, to make any corpora-
tion of this kind, which is a vast money-mak-
ing corporation, pay something for the fran-
chise.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish yon would add to
the amendment "for the support of public
. schools."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I accept that
suggestion. It is a very great privilege for a
railroad company to have the bed of their road
already constructed with no other expense for
them to be at except laying their rails. And
it is certainly a very great disadvantage to the
public to have these railroad tracks laid, which
ought to be compensated in some form beyond
the mere right of taxation of the property laid
down. This franchise or privilege that is given
is a valuable one. We all know that one of
these corporations already have watered their
stock to an immense amount, and yet it pays
dividends. The last one that has been put in
running order is paying a very extravagant
amount of dividends already, although it has
not been in operation over six months. Now,
all that I propose is that they shall pay a very
moderate sum for the right to lay their tracks
upon these streets that are already constructed
at hand without a doilar of expense on their
part, and I have placed the sum at the very
inconsiderable amount of merely one percent.,
and will add, on the suggestion of the Senator
from Kansas, that it shall be paid into the
Treasury for the support of public schools.
One of these large railroads, I am told, will
cost about sixty thousand dollars, and it would
be required to pay, therefore, $600 a year into
the Treasury for this purpose. I think that is
a very reasonable requisition, and I trust the
