1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
Lawn of the United States.
42d Cqng....2d Sess.
charge of all moneys, clothes, and eflVcts i;
wliicii he leaves on board, and shall, if he |
think-1 tit, cause ail or any of the said clothes !
ami effects to Ix- sold by auction at the mast or |
other public auction, and shall thereupon sign !
an enirv in the official fog-book, containing |
the following particulars, that is to say : (irst, 1
shall pay and deliver the same accordingly:
and such master shall, in addition for every
such offence, incur a penalty not exceeding
treble the j.ilae of the money or effects, or if
such value is not ascertained, not exceeding
two hundred dollars ; and if any such money,
wages, or effects are not duly paid, delivered.
a statement ot the amount of money so left, ji and accounted for by the master, the owner
by the deceas-d ; secondly, in case of a sale,
defCripiion of each article sold, and the sum
received for each; thirdly, a statement of the
sum due to deceased as wages, and the total
amount of deductions, if any, to be made
therefrom ; and shall cause such entry to be
attested by the mate and one of the crew.
Sec. 44. That in cases provided for by the
last preceding section, the following rules shall
be observed: first, if the ship proceeds at
once to any port in United States, the master
shall, within forty eight hours after his arrival,
deliver any such effects as aforesaid remain-
ing unsold, and pay any money wbieh he has
taken charge of, or received from such sale as
aforesaid, and also the balance of wages due
to the deceased, to the shipping commissioner
at the port of destination in the United States ;
secondly, if the sh-p touches and remains at
some foreign port before coming to any port in
the United States, the master shall report the
case to the United Mates congularofticer there,
and shall give to such officer any inlormation
he requires as to the destination of the ship
and probable length of the voyage ; and such
officer may, if he considers it expedient so to
do, requite the said effects, money, and wages
to ue delivered and paid to him, and shall,
upon such delivery and payment, give to the
master a receipt; and the master shall within
forty-eight hours alter bis arrival at his port
of destination in the United States produce
the same to the shipping commissioner there;
and such consular officer shall in such case
indorse and certify upon the agreement with
the ciew the particulars with respect to such
delivery and payment; tnirdly, if such officer
as aforesaid does not require such payment
and delivery to be made to him, the master
shall take charge of the said effects, money,
and wages, and shall, within forty eight hours
after hts arrival at his poit of destination in
the United States, deliver and pay the same
to the shipping eommi-siouer there ; fourthly,
the master shall in all cases in which any sea-
man or apprentice dies during the progress of
the voyage or engagement, give lo such officer
or shipping commissioner as aforesaid an ae-
cotini. m such form as they may respectively
require, ot the efJVcts, money, and wages so
to be delivered and oaid, and no deductions
of the ship shall pay, deliver, and account for
the same, and such money and wages and the
value of such effects shall be recoverable from
him accordingly ; and if he fails to account for
I and pay the same, he shall, in addition to his
j liability for the said money and value, incur
the same penalty which is hereinbefore men-
tioned as incurred by the master for a like
offence; and all money, wages, and effects of
any seaman or apprentice dying during a voy-
age shall be recoverable in the same courts and
by the same modes of proceeding by which
seamen are enabled to recover wages due to
them.
Sec. 46. That if any such seaman or appren-
tice as last aforesaid dies at any place out of
the United States, leaving any money or effects
not on board of his ship, the United States
consul or commercial agent at or nearest the
place shall claim and take charge of such money
and effects ; and such officer shall, if he thinks
fit, sell all or any of such effects, or any effects j
of anydeceased seaman orapprentice delivered |
to him under the provisions of this act, and |
i shall quarterly remit to the judge of the district
court of the port from which such ship sailed,
or the port where the voyage terminates, all
moneys belonging to or arising from the sale
1 of the effects or paid as the wages of any de-
i ceased seamen or apprentices which havecome
' to his hands under the provisions hereinbefore j;
; contained, and shall render such accounts h
j thereof as the district judge requires. j!
: Sec. 47. That whenever any seaman or ap- j;
j prentice dies in the United States, and is at
| the time of his death entitled to claim from
I the master or owner of any ship in which he
j has served any unpaid wages or effects, such
: master or owner shall pay and deliver, or
; account for the same, to the shipping commis-
i sioner at the port where the seaman or appren-
!' tice was discharged, or was to have been
i; discharged. _ . .
M Sec. 48. That every shipping commissioner i
in the United States" shall, within one week j
from the date of receiving any such money, j
wages, or effects of any deceased seaman or !
apprentice, pay, remit, or deliver to the circuit ;
court of the circuit in which he resides, the ;
said money, wages, or effects, subject to such ,
deductions as may be allowed by the circuit j
or at common law, or to be entitled to procure
probate, or take out letters of administra'ioti
or confirmation, although no probate or letters
of administration or confirmation have been
taken out, and shall be thereby discharged
from all further liability in respect of the
money and effeeta .so paid and delivered, or
may, if it thinks fit so to do, require probate,
or letters of administration or confirmation, to
be taken out, and thereupon pay and deliver
the said money and effects to the legal per-
sonal representatives of the deceased; and if
such money and effects exceed in value the
sum of three hundred dollars, then, subject to
deduction for expenses, the court shall pay
and deliver the same to the legal personal
representatives of the deceased.
Sec. 50. That in cases of wages or effects
of deceased seamen or apprentices received
by the circuit courts, to which ho claim is
substantiated within six years after the receipt
thereof by any of the said courts, it shall be
in the absolute discretion of any of such courts,
if any subsequent claim is made, either to
allow or refuse the same ; and each of the
respective couits shall, from time to lime, pay
any moneys arising from the unclaimed wage3
and effects of deceased seamen, which, m the
Opinion of such court, it is not necessary to
retain for the purpose of satisfying claims,
into the Treasury of the United States, which
moneys shall form a fund for, and be appro-
r^'mnr-r^^alUed. on- {j -rt^— ntctirred m res^t tcisatd
less venfu-d, it' there is any official log-book,
by such entry diet em as hereinbefore required :
and aUo by such other ^ vouchers (if any) as
may be reasonably required by the officer or
shipping commissioner 10 whom the account
is rendered ; Hiihly; upon due compliance Willi
suchofiiie provisions ot kins section as relates
to acts to lie done at the port of destination
in the United States, the shipping commts
sioner shall grant to the master a certificate to
that pflect, and no officer of customs shall
clear inward any foreign-going ship without
the production ot such certificate.
St,c. 45. f'nat if any masttT lulls to take such
charge of. the money or other effects ot a sea-
man or apprentice during a voyage, or to make
such entries in respect thereof, or to procure
such attostaiimi to such entries, or to make
such pa) mentor delivery of any money, wages,
or eliects of any seaman or apprentice dying
during a voyage, or to give such account m
resp.fl thei'eo! hs hereinbefore respectively
directed, hesimll be accountable tor the money,
wages, and elk-CIS ot the seaman or apprentice
to the judicial circuit com t m whose junsdic
tion such port of destination is situate, ami
money and effects ; and should any commis-
sioner- fail to pav, remit, and deliver to the ;
circuit court witniti the time hereinbefore men- ;
tioned, he shall incur a penalty not exceeding
treble the amount of the value of such money ;
and effects. j
Sec. 49. That if the money and effects of j
any seaman or apprentice paid, reunited, or .
delivered to the circuit court, including the
moneys received for any part ot said effects j
which have been sold, either before delivery j
to the circuit court, or by its directions, do [
not exceed ill value the stun of three hundred ,
dollars, then,subject to the provisions herein- ,
alter contained and to all such deductions tor ,
expenses incurred m respect to the seaman or j
apprentice, or of his said money and effects, ;
as the said court thinks fit to allow, the said ,
court may, if it thinks fit so to do, pay and |
deliver the said money and effects eithei to i
any claimants who can prove tnemselves to ,
the satisfaction of the court either to be his
widow or children, or to be entu ed to the j
effects of the deceased under his will (if any ), ,
or under the statute for the distribution o the
effects of intestates, or under any other statute,
. priated to, the relief of s'ck and disabled .mil
destituteseamen belonging to the United States
merchant marine service.
discipline of seamen".
Sec. 51. That, whenever any seaman who
has been lawfully engaged, or any apprentice
to the sea service, commits any of the follow-
ing offences, he shall be liable to be punished
as°follows, that is to say : first, for desertion,
he shall be liable to imprisonment for any
period not exceeding three months, and also
to forfeit all or any part of the clothes or effect?
he leaves on board, and all or any pan of the
wages or emoluments which he has then earned;
secondly, for neglecting and refusing, without
reasonable cause, to join his ship, or to pro-
ceed to sea in his ship, or for abscence wittiout
leave at any time within twenty-four hours of
the ship's sailing from any port, either at the
commencement or during the progress of any
voyage, or for abscence at any time without
leave" and without sufficient reason, from his
ship, or from his duty, not amounting to deser-
tion, or not treated as such by the master, he
shall be liable to imprisonment for any period
not exceeding one month, and also, at the
discretion of the court, to forfeit out of his
wages a sum not exceeding the amount of two
days' pay, and, in addition, for every twenty-
four hours of abscence, cither a sum not ex-
ceeding six days' pay, or any expenses which
have been properly incurred in hiring a sub-
!' stitute ; thirdly, for qui.ting the ship without
j; leave after her arrival at her port ot delivery,
i' and before she is placed in security, lie shall
be liable to forfeit out of his wages a sum not
:> exceeding one month's pay; fourthly, for
I wiUiul disobedience to any lawful command,
he shall be liable to imprisonment for any
! period not exceeding two months, and also, at
II the discretion ot the court, to forfeit out of
'* his wages a sum not exceeding four days pay ;
!. fiithly, for continued wiiful disobedience to
■! lawful commands, or continued wiiZtul neglect
j. of duty, he shall be liable to imprisonment for
I any period not exceeding six months, and also,
|| at the discretion of the couit, to forfeit, lor
|j every twenty four hours' continuance of such
jl disobedience or neglect, either a sum not ex-
ll ceediug twelve days' pay, or any expenses
j, winch have been properly incurred in hiring a
,< substitute: sixthly, for assaulting any master
i! or mate, he shall be liable to impiisoument
