2624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
in the light in which the members of that com-
pany consider them ; and when a proposition
is made to grant the same kind of favor as to
extension of time and rate of speed of com-
pletion to the other road, we are told that it
is an entirely new proposition and ought to
stand on its own merits, when certainly no
member of this body can be ignorant of the
fact that one of these companies desires to
cot the other out.
I had hoped not to be compelled to go into
this subject at length. I had supposed that
the reasonableness of the proposition was so
perfectly obvious to every one that it would
not encounter a single opposingvote. I had
supposed that every member of this body would
be willing to grant the same kind of terms pre-
cisely to one of these three companies that
have been granted to each of the others, or
which any member of this body requests to
have granted to either of the others.
Now, as to the objection suggested by the
honorable Senator from New York, that the
original charter provides that Congress shall,
as soon as the public necessity may justify it,
with the consent of the Indians, extinguish
the Indian title to lands over which the line
of road may lie, I apprehend the passage of
the amendment proposed by the honorable
Senator from Missouri will not impose on the
Government any stronger obligation to extin-
guish the Indian title than already exists.
There is not one word or syllable in the amend-
ment that makes any such suggestion. It is
clear, therefore, I think, that there is nothing
in that objection which ought to influence the
vote of a single member of this body.
There are reasons connected with the wel-
fare of the Indiana why this amendment should
be adopted. This road has been built across
the western part of Missouri, and has extended
into the Indian territory about forty miles.
Its present terminus is within the limits, I be-
lieve, of the lands owned by the Cherokee
Indians—Indians who are tolerably well civil-
ized, who can take eare of themselves, perhaps,
as well in contact with civilized society as any
tribe of Indians in that territory. Lying im-
mediately west of this, and on the line of the
road, the Government has located a great
many thousands of Indians, collected from the
plains, the Kiowas and Comanches and Arra-
pahoes, and some other of the wild tribes,
Every one conversant with the subject will
perceive, as soon as it is suggested, that if
you compel this company to build their road
through the lands now being but recently
occupied by these comparatively wild Indians,
you bring them into contact with the very
worst population that ever hovers on a fron-
tier. You render it next to impossible to
locate them and start them off in civilized
pursuits. I have a letter in my desk from the
Attorney General of the United States saying
that since the construction of the road from
Kansas down through the Indian country
toward Fort Gibson, the crimes thathave been
committed in that territory have been aug
mented many fold, and that it will cost theUni-
ted States to prosecute those crimes during the
current fiscal year not less than $100,000 in
excess of that which these suits have cost the
Government in preceding years.
When this is the case, why should you com-
pel this company, to build its road through the
territory of Indians less settled, less civilized,
than are the Cherokees and the Choctaws
and the Chickasaws? If they do not wish to
do so, why not allow them to linger? Why
not allow them to suspend the work in the
Indian territory if they are willing to do
so ? All that the amendment proposes is not
to compel them to build that road through
the country of these Indians at the rate of
fifty miles a year. Any one who has the wel-
fare of the Indians at heart, as it seems to me,
would be in favor of the amendment.
It is true in connection with that proposi-
tion is the further proposition that the total
length of time in which the entire line may be
built shall be extended three years. There is
nothing unjust in this, unless you desire to
punish that company for some reason of which
I have not been informed. If for good public
reasons, connected with the civilization of these
wards of the Government, it is desirable that
the construction of that road should not be
pushed forward mor# rapidly than the wants
of commerce require, then why not grant them
the only additional request they make, that
the total period of time in which they may
complete their road shall be extended, so that
they shall not lose the right to build, shall not
lose their franchise by making the delay which
the policy of the Government demands. Un-
less it is desirable to hasten these railroads
and the population that always follows new
roads among these recently collected Indian
tribes, unless you want these Indians wiped
out by this harsh contact with the worst class
of men, then you ought not to compel this
company to build the road at the rate sug-
gested in the old law-
There is no reason of the strength of the one
I have named in favor of extending the time
for the completion of the Texas and Pacific
railroad. It may be a convenience to the men
who propose to build it; it may be a means
of enabling' them to economize their re-
sources; but there is no grave reason con-
nected with the civilization of a weak and
dependent people demanding it; there is in
favor of the amendment proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri.
For these reasons, I had hoped there would
be no serious objection to the adoption of this
amendment on the pending bill. It is ger-
mane. The subjects are kindred. The thing
proposed in the body of the bill is the same
in character precisely that is proposed in this
amendment. The one applies to one of the
great through lines of railroad, and the other
applies to its rival.
I need not observe to the Senate of the United
States that the construction of great through
rival roads would not be adverse to the develop-
ment of the great agricultural and commercial
interests of this country. Heretofore it has
been the policy of the Government to foster
the construction of rival roads; and in the
charter of the Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany there is a provision prohibiting that
company from consolidating with any parallel
road. The theory adopted by Congress was
that there should be more than one independ-
ent line of railroad across this continent—that
there should be competition between the own-
ers of capital invested in these different lines.
If this is the policy of the Government and in
harmony with the great commercial and agri-
cultural interests of the nation, then we ought
to treat these two railroad companies precisely
alike. We should notg'ant a favor to the one
that would be withheld from the other, and
especially when there are interests affecting
the civilization of a weak race of people under
our fostering care which require the applica-
tion of the same provision to the second road
that you propose to grant to the first.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it is the de-
sire of the Senate to adjourn I have no objec-
tion ; but I wish to say a word or two on this
subject.
Mr. STEWART. I do not believe in the
way this discussion is going on that we shall
get through this bill in any reasonable hour
to-night; and I have no doubt the Senate, after
hearing all the discussion we have already had,
will let us have a vofe on the bill early next
week.^ I should like to inquire of the Chair
what is assigned for Monday?
Mr. BLAIR. If a vote cannot be taken
upon this amendment without a long discus-
sion upon it, I shall not press it. I do not desire
to defeat the action of the Senate on the adop-
tion of the Texas Pacific railroad bill by in-
terposing this amendment. I did not suppose
it would provoke any elaborate debate. I
thought the proposition was very simple, and
would commend itself to the Senate ; but it
seems gentlemen are desirous to consider it in
connection with other matters that they pro-
pose to draw into the debate. I therefore
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I am very glad the Sen-
ator has withdrawn it.
Mr. HARLAN. I feel it to be my duty to
renew the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa renews the amendment that
was offered by the Senator from Missouri.
Several Senators. Let us vote upon it.
Mr. IIAllLAN. Mr. President 
Mr. TIPTON, (at seven o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) By permission of the Senator
from Iowa, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr ANTHONY. For the purpose of test-
ing whether there is a quorum present, I ask
for a division on that motion. There is no
use of staying here if we have not a quorum.
Mr. CONKLING. If I may be allowed
to make a statement, I think it will not be
objected to. Several Senators who were here
a moment ago have gone below to lunch. I
think. If the Senator from Rhode Island really
wants to know whether there is a quorum pres-
ent or not, we had better send down and let
them come in.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then we had better
have the yeas and nays. My single object is
to test whether there is a quorum present.
Mr. SPENCER. We have got forty-three
or forty-tour Senators here.
Mr. ANTHONY. There were only thirty-
seven on the last vote, and four have left since
to my knowledge.
Mr. SPENCER. And seven or eight have
come in to my knowledge.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Nebraska, that the Senate do now adjourn, on
which the Senator from Rhode Island calls for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the
roll.
The call having been concluded, pending
the announcement of the result,
Mr. STEWART. We can undoubtedly finish
this bill on Monday in a little while. Suppose
we have an understanding that we take the
vote on Monday at three o'clock? I propose
that we adjourn now and take the vote on this
bill and all the amendments on Monday at
three o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot entertain the proposition during the
roll-call. There is not a quorum voting.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 move a call of the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not in order
until the result of the vote is declared.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask permission to say a
word in reply to the chairman of the Pacific
Railroad Committee. He makes a proposi-
tion to take up this bill on Monday. He will
understand that the North Carolina election
case comes up on Monday, and I think a priv-
ileged question is a littie ahead of a railroad
bill, and I shall certainly call it up. If the
Senate vote me down, they have a right to do
so; but I shall certainly insist on taking up
that case.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senate will vote
you down.
Mr. LOGAN. That you have a right to do ;
but I give notice that if you do not get a vole
on this bill to-night, on Monday you will have
a contest with the election case.
Mr. MORTON. I hope we shall stav here
to-night and finish this bill. There is a very
important matter set for Monday. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. ScottJ gave
notice that he would call up a very important
Monday, which I hope he will.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
