780
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 1,
4 2d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
for any period not exceeding two years; sev-
enthly, for combining with any other or others
of the crew to disobey lawful commands or to
neglect duty, or to impede navigation of the
ship, or the progress of the voyage, he shall
be liable to imprisonment for any period not
exceeding twelve months; eighthly, for willfully
damaging the ship or embezzling or wilifully
damaging any of the stores or cargo, he shall
be liable to forfeit out of his wages a sum
equal in amount to the loss thereby sustained,
and also, at the discretion of the court, to
imprisonment for any period not exceeding
twelve months ; ninthly, for any act of smug-
gling of which he is convicted, and whereby
loss or damage is occasioned to the master or
owner, he shall be liable to pay such master
or owner such a sum as is sufficient to reim-
burse the master or owner for such loss or
damage, and the whole or any part of his wages
may be retained in satisfaction or on account
of such liability, and shall also be liable to
imprisonment for a period not exceeding
twelve mouths.
Sec. 52. That upon the commission of any
of the offences enumerated in the last preced-
ing section, an entry thereof shall be made in
the official log-bo'ok, and shall be signed by
the master, and also by the mate or one of the
crew; and the offender, if still in the ship,
shall, before the next subsequent arrival of
the ship at any port, or if she is at the time
in port, before her departure therefrom,
either be furnished with a copy of such entry,
or have the same read over distinctly and
audibly to him, and may thereupon make such
reply thereto as he thinks fit; and a statement
that a copy of the said entry had been so fur-
nished or that the same has beeu so read over
as aforesaid, and the reply (if any) made by
the offender, shall likewise be entered and
signed in manner aforesaid ; and in any sub-
sequent legal proceedings thei entries herein-
belore required shall,- if practicable, be pro-
duced or proved, and in default of such pro-
duction or proof, the court hearing the case
may, at its discretion, refuse to receive evi-
dence of the offence.
Sec. 53. That whenever, either at the com-
mencement or during the progress of any
voyage, any seaman or apprentice ncglects or
refuses to join, or deserts from or refuses to
proceed to sea, in any ship in which he is duly
engaged to serve, or is found otherwise absent-
ing himself therefrom withoutleave, the master,
or any mate, or the owner, or consignee, or
shipping commissioner, may, in any place in
the United States, with or without the assist-
ance of the local public officers or constables,
who are hereby directed to give their assistance
if required, and also at any place out of the
United States, if and so far as the laws in
force at such [place] will permit, apprehend
him without Erst procuring a warrant, and
may thereupon, in any case, and shall in case
he so requires, and it is practicable, convey
him before any court of justice or justices of
any State, city, town, or county, within the
United States capable of taking cognizance
of offences of like degree and kind of the
matter, to be dealt with according to the pro-
visions hereinbefore contained in reference to
such cases ; and may, for the purpose of con-
vening him before such court of justice, detain
him in custody for a peiiod not exceeding
twenty-four hours, or shorter time, as may be
necessary, or may, if he does not so requite,
or it there is no such court at or near the
place, at once convey him on board; and if
such apprehension appears to the court of
justice before which the case is brought to have
been made on improper or on insufficient
grounds, the master, mate, consignee, or ship-
ping commissioner who makes the same, or
causes the same to be made, shall incur a
penally not exceeding one hundred dollars ;
but such penalty, if inflicted, shall be a bar to
any action for false imprisonment.
Sec. 54. That any master of, or any seaman
or apprentice belonging to, any merchant
ship who, by wilZful breach of duty, or who,
by reason of drunkenness does any act tend-
ing to the immediate loss, destruction, or
serious damage to such ship, or tending im-
mediately to endanger the life or limb of any
person belonging to or on board of such ship,
or who, by wilZful breach of duty, or by
neglect of duty, or by reason of drunkenness,
refuses or omits to do any lawful act proper
and requisite to be done by him for preserving
such ship from immediate loss, destruction,
or serious damage, or for preserving any per-
son belonging to or on board of such ship
from immediate danger to life or limb, shall,
for every such offence, be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and shall be liable to imprison-
ment for a period not exceeding twelve months.
Sec. 55. That all clothes, effects, and wages
which, under the provisions of this act, are
forfeited for desertion, shall be applied, in the
first instance, in payment of the expenses
occasioned by such desertion to the master or
owner of the ship from which the desertion
has taken place, and the balance (if any) shall
be paid by the master or owner to any ship-
ping commissioner resident at the port at which
the voyage of such ship terminates; aud the
shipping commissioner shall account to and
pay over such balance to the judge of the cir-
cuit court within one month after said com-
missioner receives the same, to be disposed
of by him in the same manner as is herein-
before provided for the disposal of the money,
effects, and wages of deceased seamen; in all
other cases of forfeiture of wages, under the
provisions hereinbefore contained, the forfeit-
ure shall be for the benefit of the master or
owner by whom the wages are payable ; and
in case any master or owner neglects or refuses
to pay over to the shipping commissioner such
balance aforesaid, he shall incur a penalty of
double the araouut of such balance, which
shall be recoverable by the commissioner in
the same manner that seamen's wages are
recovered.
Sec. 56. That any question concerning the
forfeiture of, or deductions from, the wages
of any seaman or apprentice may be determ-
ined in any proceeding lawfully instituted with
respect to such wages, notwithstanding that
the offence in respect of which such question
arises, though hereby made punishable by im-
prisonment as well as forfeiture, has not been
made the subject of any criminal proceeding.
Sec. 57. That whenever in any proceeding
relating to seamen's wages, it is shown that
any seaman or apprentice has, in the course
of the voyage, been convicted of any offence
by any competent tribunal, and rightfully pun-
ished theretor by imprisonment or otherwise,
the court heating the case may direct a part
of the wages due to such seaman, not exceed-
ing fifteen dollars, to be applied in reimburs-
ing any costs properly incurred by the master
iu procuring such conviction and punishment.
Sec. 58. That every ship making voyages
as described in section twelve of this act shall
have an "official log-book;" aud every mas-
ter of such ship shall make, or cause to be
made therein, entriesof the following matters,
that is to say: first, every legal conviction of
any member of his crew, and the punishment
inflicted; secondly, every offence committed
by any member of his crew for which it is
intended to prosecute, or to enforce a forfeit-
ure, together with such statement concerning
the reading over such entry, and concerning
the x'eply, if any, made to the charge, as here-
inbefore required; thirdly, every offence for
which punishment is inflicted on board, and
the punishment inflicted ; fourthly, a state-
ment of the conduct, character, and qualifica-
tions of each of his crew, or a statement that
he declines to give an opinion of such partic-
ulars; fifthly, every case of illness or injury
happening to any member of the crew, with
the nature thereof, and the medical treatment
(if any); sixthly, every case of death hap-
pening on board, with the cause thereof; sev-
enthly, every birth happening on board, with
the sex of the infant, and the names of the
parents; eighthly, every marriage taken place
on board, with the names and ages of the par-
ties; ninthly, the name of every seaman or
apprentice who ceases to be a member of the
crew otherwise than by death, with the place,
time, manner, and cause thereof; tenthly, the
wages due to any seaman or apprentice who
dies during the voyage, and the gross amount
of all deductions to be made therefrom ; elev-
enthly, the sale of the effects of any seaman
or apprentice who dies during the voyage,
including a statement of each article sold, and
the sum received for it.
Sec. 59. That every entry hereby required
to be made in the official log-book shall be
signed by the master and by the mate, or some
other one of the crew, and every entry in the
official log-book shall be made as soon as pos-
sible after the occurrence to which it relates,
and, if not made on the same day as the occur-
rence to which it relates, shall be made and
dated so as to show the date of the occurrence,
and of the entry respecting it; and in no case
shall any entry therein in respectof any occur-
rence happening previously to the arrival of
the ship at her final port be made more than
twenty-four hours after such arrival.
Sec. 60. That if iu any case the official log-
book is not kept in the manner hereby required,
or if any entry hereby directed to be made m
any such log-book is not made at the time
and iu the manner hereby directed, the mas-
ter shall, for each such offence, incur a pen-
alty not exceeding twenty-five dollars; and
every person who makes, or procures to be
made, or assists in making, any entry in any
official log-book in respect of any occurrence
happening previously to the arrival of the ship
at her final portof discharge, more than twenty-
four hours after such arrival, shall, for each
offence, incur a penalty not exceeding one
hundred and fifty dollars.
protection of seamen.
Sec. 61. That no wages due or accruing to
any seaman or apprentice shall be subject to
attachment or arrestment from any court; and
every payment of wages to a seaman or appren-
tice shall be valid in law, notwithstanding any
previous sale or assignment of such wages, or
of any attachment, incumbrance, or arrestment
thereon; and no assignment or sale of such
wages, or of salvage made prior to the accru-
ing thereof, shall bind the party making the
same, except such advanced securities as are
provided for in this act.
Sec. 62. That every person who, not being
in the United States service, and not being
duly authorized by law for the purpose, goes
on board any ship about to arrive at the place
of her destination before her actual arrival,
and before she has been completely moored,
without permission of the master, shall, for
every such offence, incur a penalty not exceed-
ing two hundred dollars, and shall be liable to
imprisonment for any period not exceeding six
months; and the master or person in charge
of said ship maytake any such person so going
on boardas aforesaid into custody, and deliver
him up forthwith to any constable or police
officer, to be by him taken before any justice
of the peace, and to be dealt with accoiding
to the provisions of this act.
Sec. 63. That if, within twentj-foui hours
after the arrival of any ship at an_v port in the
United States, any person, then being on board
such ship, solicits any seaman to become a
