1728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Samp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment bills
of the House of the following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 624) granting a pension
to Elizabeth H. Morgan;
A bill (H. It. No. 1209) granting a pension
to George J. St. Louis; and
A bill (H. It. No. 1761) extending the time
for the completion of the Portage Lake and
Lake Superior ship-canal.
The message farther announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 451) for the relief of Jefferson
W. Davis;
A bill (S. No. 463) to enable the President
to appoint a Paymaster General of the Army ;
and
A bill (S. No. 770) to erect two new land
districts in the State of Nebraska.
MELieiBiLiTy or the executive.
Mr._ DONNAN. Mr. Speaker, since the
organization of the present Congress several
propositions have been submitted in one or
both Houses for additional amendments to the
Constitution of the United States. To the
one, favoring such change as will render the
Executive ineligible for a second term of office,
I desire for a few minutes to call the atten-
tion of the House.
It is not strange, Mr. Speaker, that the ever-
expanding area, the ever-increasing popula-
tion, the ever-progressing civilization, and
the ever-changing circumstances of a Repub-
lic like our own, have, from time to time,
prompted her people to ingraft amendments
upon the fundamental law of Government
suited to such changed circumstances and
relations. It is not strange that the complete
overthrow of the recent attempt to tear asun-
der our grand Union of States, and to build
upon its ruins and within its limits another
government with the avowed object and for
the especial purpose of protecting and perpetu-
ating the odious system of human bondage, has
resulted, through sense of justice and proper
appreciation of the long-since declared prin-
ciples of American freedom, in prompting, yes,
in impelling, the statesmen to suggest, and
the citizens of this country to adopt, such con-
stitutional amendments as recognize the uni-
versality of human rights and guaranty to
those millions of our people thus uplifted i'rom
the darkness of serfdom into the sunlight of
citizenship_ the full enjoyment of all those
precious rights secured to us in the formation
of this Government, and for the establishment
and maintenance of which we justly do not
cease to revere the wisdom and to laud the
patrioticdevotion of the fathers oftheltepub-
lic. It is not strange if thoroughly earnest,
thinking men believe that still other provisions
of the Constitution may yet be so amended as
will render more harmonious, more perfect,
the working of our whole system of govern-
ment.
While •we do not forget that religion, the
most precious of interests, has more than opce
sought proselytes by fire rather than by the
persuasive teachings of the Saviour, and that
politics, next in value, as embracing the tem-
poral well-being and happiness of man, is
oftentimes nourished by prejudice and pas-
sion rather than by appeals to the better judg-
ment, and that particular measures are not
unfrequently urged with sinister or selfish ends
in view, yet let us believe that the consider-
ation of this amendment is pressed, not at all
because of the present peculiar juncture of
political affairs; not at ail because there are
those sufficiently illiberal to suggest that either
of those zealous advocates of the "one-term
principle," the philosopher of the Senate, of
the press, or of the rostrum, would not abso-
lutely refuse to serve for a single term only, as
President, if the people should insist upon it!
Bather let us infer that it arises from the best
of motives, a sincere desire for the most judi-
cious organization of the executive power, and
that to prohibit the reelection of that officer
would attain the proposed object.
QUESTION STATED.
The public mind is sensitive to proposed
changes of organic law. Eager to approve
and adopt any amendment which enlarges the
rights and privileges of the great body of the
people, it is equally timid, jealous, and sus-
picious of any proposition an examination of
which justifies the belief that its adoption
would practically result in the deprivation of
any just right already enjoyed by them, or in
the restriction of a privilege to which, through
time and experience, the people may have
become accustomed and attached. To my
mind this is conclusively substantiated by the
action of the different States in the various
revisions of their respective State constitu-
tions, as also by their action upon the amend-
ments of the Federal Constitution which have
been heretofore submitted for ratification. To
such a standard of liberality in thought, in
speech, and in action have the citizens of this
country attained, however, in these closing
years of our first century of national existence,
that any proposition put forth professedly as
a means of fortifying this edifice of liberty,
reared and preserved at such nameless ex-
pense of treasure, blood, and life, will receive
ready attention, and candid, if not favorable,
consideration. With this professed purpose
comes this proposed amendment to place a
ban in the Constitution against any retention
whatever, under any circumstances, of the
Executive beyond a single term of office,
which, as I hope in some measure to eluci-
date, is neither m accord with the spirit of our
past history, not advantageous to a more steady
and faithful administration of public affairs,
nor at all necessary to the continued security
of constitutional government.
Probably the germ of political parties in this
country was developed in Jefferson and Ham-
ilton. I do not question that the cause of
free government, to which they alike had
devoted so much of their labor and care, was
equally dear to them; but they early took
widely different views of the dangers by which
it was in the future likely to be assailed. The
former feared in the possible degeneracy of
future generations a return to aristocracy and
monarchy, a form of government which expe-
rience had taught him thoroughly to detest.
The latter dreaded through weakness of civil
authority the prospect of the dissolution of
order and the disintegration of the Republic.
Possibly both of them magnified their appre-
hensions ; yet it is quite likely their very anxiety
for the existence of our governmental fabric,
while it gave proof of their sincerity and zeal,
may also by reciprocal action have essentially
contributed to its preservation.
These eminent and primitive statesmen of
our country were prototypes of individuals and
of parties. The same apprehensions have been
entertained by earnest, patriotic men from
that time to the present. And although our
more recent history may, and in my judgment
must, logically compel the conclusion that the
greater danger to our institutions lies largely
in relaxation of necessary authority, and con-
sequent irretrievable confusion and anarchy,
yet I do not now question that some of the
diatribes with which the Hall# of Congress
resounds against real or imaginary accumu-
lations of patronage, concentration of polit-
ical power, centralization of government, and
assumption of dictatorial authority on the part
of the Executive, may arise not wholly from
partisan acerbity or from personal vindic-
tiveness and animosity, but at least partially,
lei us hope largely, from_ apprehensions of
which I have spoken, and from a laudable and
earnest desire for the best possible govern-
ment.
The Constitution went into effect on the
4th of March, 1789. There was wisely placed
among its provisions an alternative method
of securing amendments to that Constitution,
namely: ^
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both
Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose
amendments, or, on the application of the Legis-
latures of two thirds of the several States, shall
call a convention for proposing amendments, which,
in either case, shall be valid ag part of this Consti-
tution when ratified by the Legislatures of three
fourths of the several States," &c.
Under this provision fifteen amendments
have been made, one of which relates to the
Executive—only, however, to the manner of his
election—which was added in 1804. The term
of service and reeligibility of the President
have therefore remained unchanged since the
formation of the Government. That the want
of the present proposed limitation has not
been seriously or practically felt in our past
history appears evident from the fact that I
discover but one proposition submitted which
reached a final affirmative vote in either House
of Congress from the time of the Federal Con-
vention to the assembling of this Congress,
that in 1826, and the amendment then pro-
posed was that no person should be elected
President a third time.
ACTION OF FEDERAL COiN'VBJTTrOX.
If, however, this question of limitation of the
Executive to a single term of office is com-
paratively new at this date, it is not by any
means unknown to our history. The organ-
ization of the executive department caused
more agitation in the Federal Convention, and
in the conventions of some of the States called
to consider the adoption of the proposed Con-
stitution, than perhaps any other subject which
came before them. The power to be con-
ferred upon that officer; the length of his offi-
cial term, with and without limitation as to
subsequent terms; his election mediately or
immediately by the people; and his appoint-
ment by the national Legislature, were fully
argued and carefully considered. From thu
following abstracts from the proceedings it
will be perceived that sentiment ranged all
the way from an Executive appointed by
Congress for a period as brief as three years,
and not eligible thereafter, to a President
elected by the people, reeligible for a rea-
sonable length of official term, or even, as
twice proposed," elected for life or during good
behavior.
On June 1, 1787, Governor Randolph intro-
duced a resolution that the national Execu-
tive be chosen by the Legislature for a term
of years, to be ineligible a second time, &e.
The term was fixed at seven years, and the
ineligibility clause and the mode of appoint-
ment were adopted, and the consideration of
other clauses of the resolution was postponed.
On the loth of June Mr. Patterson submit-
ted a similar proposition in connection with
several others, which, on motion of Mr. Madi-
son, were referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
Three days later, Mr. -Hamilton subm'tted
a plan of government which included a Presi-
dent to be elected by electors chosen by the
people, to serve during good behavior, vith
functions similar to those now devolved upon
the Executive.
On the next day thereafter Mr. Gorham sub-
mitted Mr. Randolph's resolution, as altered
and amended in the Committee of the Whole
House, which report provided for an Execu-
tive to consist of a single person, to be chosen
by the national Legislature for the term of
seven years, to be ineligible a second time.
This resolution came up for consideration on
the 17th of July, when it was moved to strike
out the words "national Legislature" and
insert "the citizens of the United States,"
thus rendering the Executive independent of
Congress and elective by the people; but the
motion was defeated. It was then moved to
agree to the words "to be ineligible a second
