1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1726
timewhich was carried by a majority of two,
counting by States. A motion was then made
to strike out the words ''seven years;" which
was defeated. It was then agreed to recon-
sider the clause relating to ineligibility a sec-
ond time.
On the 19rh of the same month, on motion
of Mr. Ellsworth, the mode of selection was
changed, so as to render the Executive
" chosen by electors appointed for that pur-
po.e.' It was directly afterward moved to
restore the words ''to be ineligible a second
term," and it was defeated, only two States
voting affirmatively.
On the 2oih of July, Mr. Pinkney moved
that no perr-on be capable of holding the office
of President more than six in any twelve
years, which was defeated. On the next day
the Committee of the Whole agreed to report
to the Convention the whole resolution insti-
tuting an Executive, to consist of a single
person chosen by Congress for a term of
seven years, ineligible a second term, and it
was on the same day so reported to the Con-
vention.
This and other resolutions were referred to
acommittee consisting ot Rutledge, Randolph,
Gorliatn, Ellsworth, and Wilson, who, on the
6th of August, reported a draft of a Constitu-
tion, one of the provisions of which was that
the President ''shall be elected by ballot by
the Legislature, shall hold his office during
the term of seven years, but shall not be
eligible a second tune."
On the 31st of August, this, with other parts
of the Constitution, was referred to a commit-
tee consisting of one member from each State.
On the 4th day of September, Mr. Breasly,
from that committee, reported alterations and
amendments, among which was one removing
the election of the President from the national
Legislature, and providing for such election
indirectly by the people, fixing his term of
office at four years, and without any limitation
whatever as to ineligibility. On the next day
an eifort was made to substitute an Executive
elected by joint ballot of the Legislature for
the term of seven years, not. to be elected a
second time. It was largely negatived, only
two Stales voting favorably, and one divided.
This appears to have been the last eifort made
in the Convention in favor of limitation to a
single term.
When the Constitution was submitted for rati-
fication to conventions of the several States,
some of lliem saw this question warmly dis-
cussed, and the conventions of Virginia and
North Carolina proposed amendments that no
person should be capable of being President
more than eight years in sixteen: and that of
New York proposed that no peison should be
elected President a third time. But the article
of the Constitution was ratified without amend-
ment, and has remained unchanged except as
to the mode of election above referred to
A careful examination of the proceedings
of the Federal Convention must, 1 think, con-
vince almost any one that, the original idea of
many, probably of a majority of its members,
was to create an executive department, with
the power of selecting its officer vested in the
legislative department. The limitation to a
single term followed as a natural if not an
almost inevitable consequence, as a necessary
mean s of preventing, through improper motives
on the part of Congress, the promotion of un-
worthy men to this most responsible station;
as well, also, the danger on the part of the
Executive of accomplishing reappointment
through subserviency and intrigue.
The anticipated and evident evils of this sys-
tem caused it to be finally abandoned, although
it had been twice adopted by the Convention.
Gradually the idea of trusting the election of
this highest officer of the Republic to the peo-
ple gained ground, until it was adopted by a
decisive vote of the Convention, No subse-
quent effort was made to render a President II
42d Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 109.
elected by the people for four years ineligible
for a second t«rm, and the only attempt to
reach the limitation to a single term was by
proposing the longer term of seven years, and
as a noticeable fact linked with it was a return
to a President appointed by Congress. Those,
therefore, who would compel a change of ad-
ministration every four years, no matter what
the circumstances or what the desire of the
people, find little encouragement for their pro-
posed innovation from the opinions of the
framers of our Government.
ACTION OF THE STATES.
It may not be amiss, sir, to call attention
for a few moments to the history of the differ-
ent States of the Union, touching this ques-
tion, as developed by their action relative to
their own more immediate Executives, the
Governors of the States. At the time of the
adoption of the Constitution, in a majority of
the original thirteen States, the period was
limited in which the State Executive could
hold office; and in at least five of the thirteen
States that officer was elected by the State
Legislature. That, this pratice, in so large a
number of the States, had much to do with the
propSsition of a national Executive chosen by
Congress, in the early history of the Federal
Convention, may be readily conceived. This
limitation, however little occa.-ion they had
found for its use, was deemed salutary iu prin-
ciple and safe in practice. So recently sepa-
rated from a* Government where hereditary
succession obtained, il is not strange if the
principle of a different succession were almost
irresistible.
But what, sir, has been the action of the
States iu this regard since that time ? At the
present time there is not a single Slate among
the entire thirty-seven which does not com-
mit the election of her Executive to the people.
There are but few which deprive the Exec-
utive of a second or third term, and twenty-
six of them, or more than two thirds of the
entire number, have 110 restrictions whatever
as to the reeiigibility of this officer. Of the
States which originally made their Governor
ineligible after a first, second, or third term,
and which have revised their constitutions
within the last twenty-five years, nine of them
have removed ihis limitation clause. Of the
thirteen States which have been admitted to
the Union since the admission of .Missouri,
not one of them has any limitation of eligi-
bility to the executive office, save Oregon,
which was admitted fifteen 3>ears since, and
has not revised her constitution since she
came into the Union.
Thus has the recommendation of those pru-
dent and able men who framed the funda-
mental law for the infant Republic not only
been followed by the people through eighty-
seven intervening years, varied by general
prosperity and by public distress, bjt, peace
and by war, by sectional animostity and by
most bitter political commotions, with com-
paratively nothing of dissent and dissatisfac-
tion ; but it has been approved, with a con-
tinually advancing sentiment toward unanimity
by the separate sovereign States.
PERMISSIBLE. REELECTION.
It has been urged by the claimants for no
reelection that a great fundamental principle
in republicanism is sapped by election of
the President without compulsory rotation
attached; that the inevitable tendency of
reeligible Executives would lead to an elective
monarchy, and thence to an hereditary oiie.
It was said, if rotation is not absolutely re-
quired, the President once elected will be
reelected time after time, and will be continued
in office for life. But what has been our ex-
perience in this respect? Have these appre-
hensions been confirmed? Have they not
rather been shown wholly groundless? With
fifteen years of the future still requisite to
complete our first century under the Constitu-
tion, we have seen not one. or two, but eigM-
oeti difierent Presidents ih occupancy of tllfe
executive chair. Six of those have filled that
high station a second time. Others of them
have sought a reelection with all the political
appliances known to their times ahd pkftteS:
but the people in their absolute right-, fetid
sovereign choice, have preferred a change of
men or measures. None of the whole list t)f
Presidents have been elected a third' time,
nor has one of them eVef sought for such
election. .
Nor do I believe that daiiger to our free
institutions, if come it ever does, from the
executive department, will be hastened or
induced by the maintenance of the principle
of permissible reelection at the hands Of the
people. I know not but somewhere, fardottn
the vista of the coming ages, stands a future
Cato to mourn the loss of liberty to America.
If that sad event is in store for our posterity,
and is to be accomplished by some individual
who shall use the influence, the patronage, and
the political power of the presidential office
to overturn our governmental fabric and estab-
lish beneath this Liberty-surmounted dome
a royal throne and scepter. I ask gentlemen
to consider, from past experience and from
their knowledge of the incentives to human
action, whether we shall be likely to find that
execrable personage in one who is permitted
to preside over the grandest nation upon the
face of the earth, so long as he merits and
maintains the support and confidence of its
jieople? Or whether we should not be much
more likely to find liim in an ambitious Presi-
dent, who, having been crowned with his couti-
try's highest honors, and because of constitu-
tional inhibition, seeing before him only inev-
itable descent from that high eminence, and
considering that rio measure of desert past or
present, no confidence on the part ot the peo-
ple, however well and largely bestowed, could
save him from unwelcome reverse, would be
extremely tempted to seize an opportune junc-
ture of affairs to subserve his ambition at every
personal risk, and the sacrifice of the Govern-
ment we so greatly love and so justly revere?
ADVANTAGES OF EXPERIENCE.
Again, sir, it will be readily admitted that
the duties of the presidential Office are equally
if not more difficult than those of any other
office in the country.
It follows that the same advantages are
to be reaped from ability and experience
in this as in any other posifldn of public re-
sponsibility. There is ho position Of triist in
which the occupant may not prove faithless;
no position of power which may not be mis-
used ; no place of emolument which tnaynot
be made a source of corruption. There is in
my judgment, therefore, no logical reason why
if it be wise to apply this limitation to one
office, it should not be made to apply to ail.
Vet who now or ever has proposed such bar
to reflections tor positions less difficult and
less important? Who of the people propose
that they shall be denied the benefit of ability
and experience gained by prior occupancy in
places of public trust? Or what legislator, in
State or nation, proposes it for them? Let
me illustrate from my preseht surroundings.
There have been and there still are men
whose voices have echoed from the walls of
this Capitol who have made their services of
incalculable valueto the countryas legislators.
How was this attained? All will admit by
continued service. Suppose iiuitation fbrthe
congressional office had been obtained, (for it
was also submitted by Mr. Randolph 111 the
Federal Convention as one of the resolutions
accompanying the one I lliiVe bef ire referred
to, that members of the national Legislature
should be ineligible for a number of years,)
should we ever have had our Websters and
Clays and Bentons and Crittendens, whose
words of wisdom so brightly illumine the pages
of our legislative history? Or to speak of time
