"1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
833
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me it
■would be better the House should come to an
understanding about this matter. It is now
before the House, and if the drawing be ordered
it would be entirely unfair to have it take place
to-day, because no notice has been given mem-
bers of the House who are absent so that they
might be present when the drawing does take
place. It is very evident that many members
are absent, and therefore I suggest we let the
matter of drawing for seats go over until to-
morrow, and then the House to-day may pro-
ceed to some other business.
Mr. PETERS. Let the gentleman move
his amendment so as to require the drawing
to take place oa Wednesday or Thursday.
Mr. PLATT. Let me call the attention of
the gentleman to the language of the resolu-
tion 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am willing to fix
the day, but it is unfair to have the drawing
to-day when so many members are absent.
Mr. DICKEY. If gentlemen will agree that
a new drawing shall take place, the House will
consent, I have no doubt, that the drawing
shall take place on Monday next.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object to de-
bate.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker,
there are as many members present to-day as
there are likely to be on any other day. I am a
man of frail constitution, yet I am here in my
seat to-day, and those who are not present to-
day would not be present on any other day,
save and except those on the select committee
which lias gone to New Orleans. This ques-
tion is now before the House, and it had better
be settled at once.
Mr. BIGGS. It is apparent that the mem-
bers of the committee which has gone to New
Orleans would be unfairly dealt with by having
the drawing take place to-day.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes; and we must not
forget the members of the House on that com-
mittee have gone to New Orleans by order of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth]
to suggest as a compromise that the question
be postponed till Wednesday next.
Mr. BANKS. I agree to that. I have a
resolution here calling on the Secretary ot
State  ,
Mr. STARKWEATHER, 1 object to de-
bate. , ...
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Has it been decided
that the drawing for seats shall take place?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. We want that de-
cided. If it is decided that this drawing for
seats shall take place, then I take it those in
favor of it will consent to an adjournment of
the question till Wednesday next, or some day
next week. But we waut it settled definitely
to-day whether we are to have a drawing or
not, and that has not yet been done.
Mr. KILLINGER. I call for the regular
order. . ,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to pass a
little bill. . , i j
Mr. SHELDON. I wish to inquire whether
the Seageant-at-Arms can be instructed to keep
the members on the outside tier of desks pres- j
ent until this question is decided? I
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the rules be
suspended.
The SPEAKER. That is not m order, as
there is one motion pending to suspend the
rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the gen-
tleman from Maine will withdraw that motion.
Mr. PETERS. Oh, no ; you can make your
motion afterward.
Mr. COX. With the consent of the House,
I should like to make a brief explanation. I
offered this resolution this morning "without
intending to take up the time of the House.
A Or* fmn 9n f>3.
Mr. STRONG. I object to debate; and call
for the regular order.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. We must settle this
question in some way, and it is better for us to
settle it to-day.
Mr. PETERS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
when the House adjourns to-day it be to meet
to-morrow at eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. There has been one motion
to adjourn, and under the rules it is not in order
to entertain another motion to adjourn until
the House has decided the question on the
motion to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 125, nays 57, not voting 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Beatty. Bell, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Austin
Blair, George M. Brooks. Buckley. Buffinton, Burch-
ard, Burdett.Benjamin F.Butler,Roderick R.Butler,
William T. Clarke. Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Coghlan, Conger. Cotton, Cox, Darrall, Dickey. Don-
nan. Duell, Bunnell, Eamcs, Farnswortb, I'arwell,
Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Garfield, Goodrieh, Griffith, Hale, Harmer. George
Ti* TT-- TlA«*AMn ITftml ATT XT n TT W af nil
iftaynara, muvyitsiiaim, mwicw, uuam,
Merriam, Monroe* Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Oris Packard, Packer, Palmer, Hosea
"W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prindle, Ramey, LI lis
H. Roberts, Husk, Sargent, Sawyer, Sceley, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood, John A.
Smith. Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Thomas J.
Speer. Sprague. Starkweather, Stevenson, Stough-
ton, Stowell, Strong, Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe,
Thomae, Washington Townsend, Turner, Tyner,
Upson, Wakeman, Walden.Waldron.T* allace,Walls,
"W ells, Wheeler.WhUeley.Willard.Williamsof Indi-
ana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—]2o.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Barnum,
Beck, Biggs, Bright, Caldwell, Campbell, Commgo,
Conner, Critclier, Crossland, Davis. Dox. Du Bose,
Duke, Eldridge, Garrett, Getz. Goiladay. Haldeman,
Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harper,
Herndon. Holman, King, Lamison, Lewis, Manson,
Marshall, McHenry, Mclntyre, Melseely, Merrick,
Xiblack. Price, Read, Edward Y. Bice, J ohn M. Bice,
Ritchie, Slater, Sloss, Storm, Swann, terry, \ an
Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, addell, v\ arren,
Whitthorne. Winchester, and Young—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.. Ames, Archer. Barry,
Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, James Brooks, Car-
roll, Crebs.Creely,Dawes, De Large, EdwardJ.El.iott.
Ely, Forker, Henry D. Poster. Halsey, JohnTvHarris,
Hays, Hereford, Hibbard. Hill, .^ellogg. kendall,
Kerr, Kinsella, Leach, McCormick, MoCrary, Mc-
Kinney. Mercur, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitehe ,
Morgan, Aaron F. Perry, Mi Perry, Potter. Randall,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers. Roosevelt,
Scofield. Shober, Shoemaker, Slocutn, H. Boardman
Smith, Snyder. R. Milton Speer. Stevens, St. John,
Dwight Townsend, Tutbill, Xwichell, Williams of
New York, andWood—57. ,
So (two-thirds having voted in favor thereof) ;
the rules were suspended, and the resolution
was adopted.
During the call of the roll.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS stated that he had
paired with his colleague from Pennsylvania.
Mr. Shoemaker.
The result of the vote was theu announced
as above recorded.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
suspend the rules and pass the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That we recognize the last three amend-
ments to the Constitution as valid parts tneieot.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me 
Mr COX. I object to debate. We have
had enough of this sort of foolery already.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] state in his resolution
what those amendments are ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to suggest that
he shall name them as the thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth amendments.
Mr. COX. X object to debate. \Ve ha\e
had a lot of demagoguery on this subject, ana
I want no more of it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New \orif. I have no
objection to modifying the resolution as sug-
gested.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
resolution as modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That we recognize the thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth amendments to the Constitu-
tion as valid parts thereof.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it be in order
to inquire if we recognize other parts of the
Constitution as valid? [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I object to debate.
The question was on suspending the rules
and passing the resolution offered by Mr.
Brooks, of New York.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 166, nays 22, not voting 51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks. Barber,
Barnum, Beatty, Beck, Bell, Beveridge, Bigby, Bing-
ham, Bird, J ames G. Blair, Bright, George M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard. Bur-
dett, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Camp-
bell, Carroll, William T. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Co-
mingo, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Dickey,
Donnan, Dox, Duell, Duke, Bunnell, Eames, Ed-
wards, Eldridge, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Fink-
elnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder 1). Foster, Frye,
Garrett, Getz. Goiladay, Goodrieh. Griffith, Halde-
man. Hale, Hancock, Handley, Harmer, Harper.
George E. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay, Hays.
Gerry W. JIazleton, John W. Hazleton, Herndon,
Hibbard, floar, Holman, Hooper, Honghton, Kelley,
Kerr.Keteham, Killinger, King, Lamison, Lamport,
Leach, Lowe. Lynch, Manson, Marshall, Maynard,
McClelland, McCormick. McGrew, Mclntyre. Mc-
Junkin, MeNecly, Mercur, Merriam, Merrick, Mon-
roe, Moore, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Pack-
ard, Packer, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C.
Parker. Peck. Pendleton. Perce, Eli Perry, Peters,
Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Randall,
Edward Y. Rice, Ellis II. Roberts, William R. Rob-
erts. Robinson, Roosevelt. Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley,
Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Slocum, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather, Stevens.
Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton. Stowell, Strong. Suth-
erland, Swann, Sypher, Thomas, Washington lown-
send, Turner. Twichell. Tyn«r, Upson, Waddell,
Wakeman, Walden, Walilron, Wallace, Walls.
Warren. Wells, Wheeler. Whiteley, Willard, Wil-
liams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John i.
Wilson, and Wood—168.
NAYS—Messrs. Anker. Adams, Arthur, Biggs,
Conner, Critcher, Crossland, Davis. Du Bose, Ham-
bleton, Hanks. Hereford, Lewis, McHenry, Niblack,
Read, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Terry. Voorhees,
Winchester, and Young—22.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Barry,
Austin Blair, Braxton, Caldwell, Freeman Clarke,
Coghlan, Darrall, Dawes, De Large, Elliott, I orker,
Henry D. Foster, Garfield, Halsey, J ohn 1. Harris,
Hill, Kellogg, Kendall, Kinsella.Lansing, MoCrary,
McKee, McKinney, Benjamin F. Meyers. Mitchell,
Morey, Morgan. Orr, Aaron F. Perry, Potter, Price,
Rogers. Rusk, Scofield, Shober, Shoemaker, Slater,
Sloss,II. Boardman Smith, Snyder,R. Milton bpeei,
Sprague, St. John, Taffe, DwightTownsend.luthill,
Van Trump. Vaughan, Whitthorne, and W llliams
ofNew York—51.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereoi) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BROOKS, of New 1 ork, said: My col-
league, Mr. Potter, is absenton account of the
detrth of one of his relatives. If present he
would have voted " ay."
Mr. LAMISON said: My colleague, Mr.
McKixney, is absent. If present he would
have voted "ay."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, Mr. Maynakd obtained the
floor.
SURETIES OF JESSE .T. SIMPKIXS.
Mr BCTLBR, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1390)
for the relief of the sureties of the late Jesse
J. Simpkins, deceased; which was read a farst
and second time, recommitted to the com-
mittee, and, with the accompanying' memorial,
ordered to be printed.
DRAWING FOlt SB ATS.
' Mr. MAYNARD. 1 offer the resolution
which I send to the Clerk's desk, and shall
move that the rules be suspended and the res-
olution adopted. Before doing so I would
like, by the permission of the House, to say a
single word.
Mr. STRONG. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let us have a vote on
%',eg5!i™D. Then 1  «. tot lb.
