1730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
present, let gentlemen look around them
here and tell me who most leave their impress
upon the legislation of the country to-day?
Whose counsel is sought? Whose judgment
is relied on in these questions, at once so
intricate and so important, which you here en-
counter? The men just from private station ?
Ah, no, sir. They, like he who now for the
first time addresses this House, are only too
well pleased to sit at the feet of our legistative
Gamaliels, and learn of them the difficult les-
sons of practical and prudent legislation,
which they have largely attained by long
experience.
Imagine this House, from Speaker to Dele-
gate, to have been organized without a single
member of the last or of any preceding Con-
gress among the number; the next and all
succeeding Congresses composed solely of new
comers, with no past experience to assist us
or them. What hesitation, in intricate but
necessary legislation, would ensue! What in-
stability and incongruity of laws would result!
What lack of confidence by the people would
follow!
tendency to change op officers.
Do not understand me as condemning rota-
tion of official position, or of claiming that the
"Executive ought to be reflected many times
or for life. That jealousy of power and of the
infiuenceof patronage, which has been so long
a distinguishing feature in the American char-
acter, gives quite a sufficient tendency toward
the displacement of officers, especially so as
to the Executive. And we have accordingly
seen in all our past history, since Washing-
ton, no general desire manifested by the peo-
ple for the retention, beyond a second term,
of a single Chief Magistrate, uo matter how
pure his conduct, how exalted his political
virtues, or how unswerving his integrity. Why
should we, therefore, fetter their action ? We
all concede that political power is an inherent
right of the people. They seldom err in con-
ferring it. When, therefore, any officer, from
a town magistrate to a President, so acquits
himself in his position as not only to justify
the selection, but also to prompt the desire for
his retention, it is, and ought to remain, the
right and the privilege of the people to reelect
him to such office.
Does any one assert that those Presidents
who have held that position for eight years
gave to the country administrations less pure,
less safe, less promotive of peace and pros-
perity than those whom the people retired
at the end of a single term? Undeniably, I
think, history establishes the reverse. Can it
be successfully disputed that the administra-
tions of the reehosen Executives were more
acceptable daring the second than during the
first term? Certainly not. Wisely and well
the people have hitherto discriminated in this
matter. If they have not reelected all the
worthy Presidents, they have, at least, never
reehosen a bad one. I am not of those who
believe they are deteriorating in intelligence, in
political virtue, or in their ability to judge of
the merits and demerits of candidates, from the
lowest to the highest. During his term a
President, from whatever political party he
comes, isi'ulsomely adulated by some, sharply,
if not unkindly, criticised by others of his party
friends, vilified by his political enemies, but
his acts and administrative policy are more
fairly, yet closely^ scrutinized by the people.
Be he wise as Jefferson, patriotic as Jackson,
or pure as Lincoln, he shall not escape the
abuse of politicians ; but he may receive the
plaudit of "well done, good and faithful ser-
vant," from a just and appreciative people.
limitation effective in wrono direction.
So long, therefore, and only so long, as a
President commends himself to the country
in the faithful performance of public duty and
fulfillment of public trust, does the probability
remain of his being reehosen for that position.
The proposed amendment would thus affect,
not those who have shown themselves incom-
petent and unworthy, but would only raise a
constitutional barrier against those Executives
who during their first term might so demon-
strate their capability for this high trust, and
their acceptability to the people, as to produce
a manifest desire for their continuance, and
hence their reelection probable. The amend-
ment, if adopted, would be effective in pre-
cisely the wrong direction.
patronage.
Again, it was originally urged as an argu-
ment in favor of this limitation that it would
be necessary to a proper independence of
action on the part of the executive branch
of Government. Hamilton assures us in the
Federalist, No. 48, that—
"The tendency of republican governments is to
an aggrandizement of the legislative at the expense
of the other departments."
But just now the argument is all reversed.
We are assured that, the Executive is entirely
too independent; thattoo much political power
is within his control; that through improper
useof patrouageaPresidentmay operate on the
motives of the other departments, may attain a
dangerous personal influence, may compass his
own reelection. Accordingly, to remove any
ground of suspicion in this regard, we have
recent enactments by which it is intended the
individual will of this officer is to be suspended
in the matter of appointments, and recommend-
ations for positions by memb&rs of Congress
also rendered nugatory. Lest this may fail to
be completely effectual, we have before us pro-
posed legislation rendering it an unlawful act
for a member of either branch of Congress to
recommend any person for appointment to
civil office, and another proposition by which
the great mass of Federal officers are to be
wholly withdrawn from any appointing power
and made elective by the people. While it is
hardly possible that all improper use of pat-
ronage can or will be eliminated from Gov-
ernment and from politics, yet these means
to which I have referred must remove any
dangers, real or supposed, in the method of
appointment. If this be the argument against
reelection, and the objection is thus removed,
why shall we then decree that there shall be
no reelection ?
But, sir, has patronage, its proper or im-
proper use, been the cause or means of reelec-
tions? '
During the first forty years immediately
succeeding the adoption of the Constitution
very little use was made of the appointing
power in a partisan sense ; yet during thirty-
two of those forty years the executive office
was filled by Presidents who were reelected.
One fifth of that period only was it filled by
the two Adamses, neither of whom were re-
chosen. Then came the Democratic regime.
which inaugurated the system of appointing
political friends of the Administration to the
Federal offices. This practice has been fol-
lowed more or less closely by the Democratic,
Whig, and Republican parties, when in power,
up to the present time. If the bad use of
patronage elects Presidents, we have certainly
had splendid opportunities to test, it during the
intervening forty years. I will not deny that
Jackson may have thus aided to a second term,
but from Jackson to the present time but one
only of the eleven Presidents have been re-
chosen; and who will say that any spot of cor-
ruption was everfound ouLincoln's official gar-
ments? No, sir, it is fidelity that wins. Grati-
tude to a great, generous people, and a high
sense of duty, are strong cords which bind a
President to fidelity in the discharge of his trust;
yet who that stops a moment to consider the
springs of' human action will not agree that
should he desire-to obtain a continuance of this
highest honor among men, and is not debarred
the hope by legal prohibition, then will interest
and ambition itself combine to prompt him,
not to corrupt, but to faithful, honest, earnest
administration for the public' benefit, with a
sympathy which will seek " to enforce no
policy against the will of the people?"
executive and senate.
In addition to this, sir, circumscribed as is
the executive power, less danger is evinced
from unauthorized action on the part of the
President than from virtual control of that
officer by the other branch of the national
Legislature. Let me briefly draw a compari-
son between their respective powers. The
President is elected for four years; is Com-
mander-in-Chief of Army and Navy ; has the
exclusive power of nominating Federal offi-
cers, but the concurrence of the Senate is
necessary to their appointment. He has the
power to negotiate treaties, but two thirds of
the Senate is necessary to their ratification.
He has a veto upon legislation, but two thirds
of the Legislature may render that inoperative.
The Senate is elected for six years; has the
exclusive right of trying impeachments, except
in case of impeachment of the President, when
the Chief Justice presides ; has equal power
with the other branch in legislation, except
in originating revenue bills; has concurrent
power with the President in appointment of
public officers, and the affirmative vote of two
thirds of the number present is necessary to
render a treaty valid. It is apermanent body;
only one third of its membership being liable
to change once in two years. Its members
share largely in recommendations for appoint-
ments. and a majority contribute equally with
the President in conferring the patronage of
the Government.
The President is liable to impeachment, to
be tried by the Senate; its members are not
liable to impeachment at all. The President
is responsible to the great body of the people;
the members of the Senate are responsible only
to their respective State Legislatures, yet not
even subject to be recalled by those Legisla-
tures. The President may form our foreign
connections, yet a minority of the Senate may
embarrass negotiations ami control the validity
of all treaties with other nations. The Senate
is I he superior power of the Constitution. In
that body are vested legislative, executive,
and judicial powers. Permanent in its char-
acter, it will exert its full powers. In his His-
tory of Charles V, Dr. Robertson affirms that
"history has furnished no instance of a relin-
quishment of power by an organized body
unless compelled so to do by a foreign force."
What security has me country for the proper
exercise of these vast powers conferred upon
the Senate'! Little, beyond the personal char-
acter of its members and such rules as it may
adopt for its own honor and self-respect.
If it has not already been, a disposition to
control the executive department will be
more likely to show itself from this direction
than from any other. Now, imbed in the
fundamental law that the Executive, no mat-
ter what his capabilities or his deserts, what
the circumstances of the country, or what the
desires of the people, shall be a creature of a
single term, thus decrease the inducements to
good behavior, with a certain disinclination to
hazard censure or perplexity through independ-
ent exertion of his proper powers ; how much
more easily might'a predominant faction of
the Senate debase his fortitude and render
him pliant to their will? Is it then strange
that we see Senators, clothed with this vast
authority, and without limitation as to reeli-
gibility themselves, occupying their seats in
that body through consecutive reflections for
nearly a quarter of a century, a,mong the fore-
most advocates of an unqualified retirement
of the President at the end of a single term ?
stability op administration.
Little observation is necessary to convince
one that in very many instances the successor
seems to deem it the very best proof he can
offer of his capability to undo so far as is possible
what has been done by his predecessor. Whether
