3522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
they got some new notion into their heads. I
do not know that I am violating any confidence
when I say that a duty of twenty per cent,
on all printing-paper seemed to be the unan-
imous determination of the committee until
another idea got possession of some gentle-
men. The word " sized," as we were advised,
ought never to have been in the bill, and its
meaning was not understood nor its effect
anticipated when the act of 1870 was passed.
My amendment will make this correspond
with what was the action of the committee
the other day.
Sized paper, I understand, costs more than
unsized because made out of better material,
and therefore it will be subject to an ad valorem
duty. The cost of sizing paper is not more
than three eighths of a cent per pound, some
say not more than one eighth of a cent, and
yet by some sort of management sized paper
was put into the existing law at thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem, while all other paper is
only taxed twenty per cent, ad valorem. There
is no sense in this except to put money into
the pockets of two or three manufacturers.
And I did not know that there was a member
of the committee who ventured to say a word
against striking out the word "sized" until
it was found that a certain paper in this coun-
try, which published certain caricatures which
some gentlemen do not like, was printed on
sized paper, and perhaps they wish to punish
it in this way.
Mr. SHELLABARGER asked and obtained
leave to print some remarks on the subject of
the tariff. [See Appendix.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] to have the same ad valorem
duty upon all kinds of printing paper; and
twenty per cent, is high enough. It is high
enough as a protection for the manufacturer
of unsized paper, and it is high enough for the
manufacturer of sized paper.
Now, the paragraph the committee has just
adopted admits newspapers, periodicals, and
magazines at six cents a pound. That is no
more than equivalent to seventeen or eighteen
per cent, ad valorem. I think if you admit
printed papers and periodicals at as low a rate
of duty as seventeen or eighteen per cent, ad
valorem, you ought to admit the paper on
which they are printed at as low a rate.
We ought not to discriminate in favor of
the foreign type-setter. We ought not to dis-
criminate in favor of the foreign printing-press.
This is in the interest of printing. We have
had petitions here this winter and spring from
the presses all over the country asking us to
put all printing materials on the free list. I
do not ask for that. I think that is going too
far. I would not do anything to shut up a
paper-mill. I would not do a single thing to
reduce the paper manufacture in this country.
There are paper-mills in my district, some very
large ones in the West, where they make but
little sized paper it is true.
Mr. DICKEY. Does the gentleman say
that there are large mills that make unsized
paper ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do say that there
are mills that make unsized paper.
Mr. DICKEY. I never heard of that, and
I know something about this matter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentlemen is
very much mistaken if he supposes there are
no mills in my district that make -unsized
paper.
Mr. DICKEY. I think not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I can show the gen-
tleman some of the daily papers of Chicago
printed on unsized paper manufactured right
m my county.
Mr. CONGER. I would like to see one.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They manufacture
paper which is not sized, with part straw and
part rags. It is of course an inferior kind of
paper; it is a brittle paper, but it receives the
impress, although the ink is likel/ to spread,
and the type requires to be washed more fre-
quently.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CROCKER obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Allow me a word
further. I have right here on my desk maga-
zines published in Germany, which are im-
ported, and they are superior to Harper's or
Frank Leslie's illustrated papers, or any of
these illustrated papers, and they are imported
and actually undersell the American magazines
at the present rates. We have already reduced
that duty, and now the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, in the interest of the paper-makers
of Massachusetts, desires to take.ofF ten per
cent. more.
Mr. HOAR. I call the gentleman to order.
My colleague [Mr. Crocker] is entitled to the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
that the gentleman from Massachusetts yielded
to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. CROCKER. No, sir; I have not. I
have but a moment, and I am quite aware of
it, while the subject ought to consume an hour
at least. Sir, this is one of the industries of
the country that has never had its fair chance
in every part of it. I am one of those who
believe that any manufacture, or almost any
manufacture, when it has been protected in
this country, will in the end by our skill and
industry and enterprise come down to alower
level than it, will by your free-trade notions
and sophistries.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
a question ?
Mr. CROCKER. No, sir; I cannot yield.
I did not interrupt the gentleman. I never
interrupt anybody.
Mr. BECK. I only want to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. CROCKER. I have not time.
Mr. BECK. Are you not a manufacturer
of sized paper?
Mr. CROCKER. Yes, sir, and of unsized.
Mr. BECK. Then you get thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem for your sized paper, and
twenty per cent, ad valorem for the unsized,
and the difference between the cost of the two
is less than a cent.
Mr. CROCKER. Sixty-two years ago next
month I went into a paper-mill as an oper-
ative at the early age of eight years, working
twelve hours a day for twenty-live cents a day,
without board. That is the way I began. I
was a Massachusetts laborer, and was a Mas-
sachusetts laborer for years and years. I know
all about this matter. I know that the effect
of your tariff has been to more than double the
wages of labor 
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask if it costs you
a dollar more for sized paper than for unsized.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I will occupy the
attention of the committee for but a minute or
two.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. E. H. Roberts] has the floor
and will proceed.
Mr. CONGER. Does the Chair refuse to
entertain the point of order which I make?
Mr. Bx\NKS. You have not made it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York will proceed.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I ask the Clerk to
read an extract from the New York World,
which I send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The tariff bill recently reported to the House
contains this paragraph: . , .
" ' On sized printing paper, used exclusively for
books other than blank-books, and for magazines
and newspapers, twenty-eight per cent, ad valorem:
Provided, That alt paper imported under this actto
be usedfor any purpose whatsoever, exceptas above
stated, shall be forfeited to the Government or the
United States, and a fine not exceeding SI,000 shall
be imposed in each case of violation oi the pro-
visions of this paragraph.'
" The careless reader will very likely tail to
observe what this phraseology covers. So we trans-
late. By these fivo or six lines of proviso it ismade
a crime, punishable by forfeitures and fines, to im-
port any blotting-paper, packing-paper, writing-
papor, or paper to be used for any other purpose
than printing. We are not aware whether this
monstrous provision is altogether a blunder or not.
Of course the whole committee would nev.er have
consented to report it if all of them had seen its
purport. But they certainly failed to scrutinize it,
or it never would have got reported at all. And it
is hardly possible that the man who drew it should
not have foreseen and meant its enormous applica-
tion. There aro rascals, no doubt, who declaim
against smuggling, and who would be perfectly
willing to see such a swindle smuggled into the
tariff of a nation by the moanest of all smuggling,
trusting that it would pass Congress as it passed the
most important committee of Congress, through
sheer oversight. It is discreditable to the diligence
of the members of that committee to have over-
looked it or to have reported it. Anil it is impos-
sible to believe that in the head, whosesoever that
was. that conceived it. it was anything but a juggle,
intended to delude Congress into granting, in tho
shape of an absolutely and specifically prohibitory
duty, tho most monstrous monopoly ever thought
of in modern times."
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The hour of three
o'clock having arrived, by order of the House
all debate upon the pending bill and amend-
ments thereto must cease. The gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Conger] will now state
his point of order.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to call the atten-
tion of members to the fact that this is the first
time in the history of Congress, I think, when
the Chair has refused to recognize a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state bis point of order if he has one.
Mr. CONGER. My point of order is that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Crocker]
denied that he yielded any portion of his tunc
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
w0rth,J and therefore the time taken by the
gentleman from Illinois should not be taken
from that of the gentleman from Massaelm-
Mr. CROCKER. I did not yield.
Mr. CONGER. I endeavored to make that
point in season to prolect ihe gentleman from
Massachusetts from losing any portion of the
time to which he was entitled.
Mr. PETERS. I ask unanimous consent
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Crocker J may have five minntes more.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state,
in reply to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Conger,] that there was but a minute or two
left of the time allowed by the House for de-
bate when the gentleman from New York
[Mr. E. H. Roberts] took the floor. The
Chair supposed the point of order would keep
until the time for debate had closed. _ That
is the reason the Chair did not recognize tho
gentleman from Michigan just at that instant.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Crocker] was recognized by the Chair at the
expiration of the time to which the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] who had
been speaking, was entitled. The gentleman
from Illinois appealed to the gentleman from
Massachusetts for a little more time._ Ihe
gentleman from Massachusetts turned his back
upon ihe Chair and looked toward the gen-
tleman from Illinois; whether he said any-
thing or not the Chair could not hear. _As
the gentleman from Illinois proceeded with-
out interruption by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, the Chair took it for granted that
the gentleman had yielded to him a portion of
his time. The gentleman from Massachusetts
then took the floor, and used up the remainder
of the five minutes, afier which the Chair
recognized the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. E. II. Roberts.] Is there objection to
allowing the gentleman from Massachusetts
to address the committee?
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. Can that be done
except by order of the House ?
The CHAIRMAN. It cannot be done
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope there will
be no objection.
