2626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Mr. SCOTT. That is my desire. I would
not ask the Senate to stay and act upon it to-
night, but I desire that we may have action on
it early.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Caldwell, Carpenter,
Clayton, Conkling, Corbetc, Eerry of Michigan,
Frelinshuysen, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Kel-
logg, Logan, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Robertson, Scott,
Spender, Stewart, "West and Wright—22,
NAYb — Messrs. Blair, Oasserly, Goldthwaite,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, and Sawyer—7.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Bore-
man, Brown low, Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of
West Virginia, Edmunds, i'enton, Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Flanagan. Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Ilamlin, Johnston, Kelly,
Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Nye, Patter-
son, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sher-
man, Sprague. Stevenson. Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Wilson, and Win-
dom—44.
Mr. CONKLING. If there is no quorum I
wish to make a motion. Is there a deficiency
of a quorum ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
not a quorum.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I move that the
absentees be called.
Mr. BLAIR. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on tlie motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Now let the absentees
be called.
Mr. CASSERLY. That motion is debata-
ble, I believe. I submit at least on behalf of
those who have staid here and made a quorum
to pass the bill which has just been disposed
of, that it is rather hard, if not unreasonable,
to undertake to institute a proceeding of this
kind at this hour of night on the mere ques-
tion of getting up a bill.
The result will ba the great consumption of
time by which the officers of the Seuate and
those of us who are here will be punished by
detention, while those who have gone away
will not be punished, because the worst that
can happen to them is to be brought back. I
think it is very little encouragement to Sen-
ators to stay here and dispose of a bill that has
dragged as heavily as the bill which has just
passed after so many hours. I hope, Mr. Pres-
ident, Ihat the Scnale will adjourn and let us
go home.
Mr. CONKLING. That motion has just
been voted down, and I wish to say one word
to the honorable Senator from California.
I do not know whether he intends to imply
that the rest of us, I, for example, are under
obligations to him for remaining here to act
upon the bill; or whether if there be any ob-
ligation, it is on the part of Senators of whom
he is one more immediately interested in that
bill to the others who have staid here. Cer-
tainly my constituents had no particular inter-
est m that bill, and I have not staid here to
promote any local interest in that regard, and
I did not suppose I had incurred any obliga-
tion due to other Senators who had remained.
But, Air. President, my constituents are
very largely interested in the question of tea
and coffee, and the duties upon tea and coffee;
and I do not think it is unreasonable; I do
not think it would be even if certain members
of the Senate had not conveniently stepped
out who were here when this motion was
made, and whose names do not appear upon
the record—I do not think it would be very
unreasonable to make a fair effort to get a
quorum present to take up this very import-
ant bill, to the end that it may be the unfin-
ished business, to be laid aside on Monday if
need be in behalf of the question of privilege
in the hands of my friend from Illinois, and
then be ready for action.
I believe it to be the most urgent measure !
before the Senate; and! do not think it would j
be asking a great deal of our friends on either I
side to peimit it to be taken up subject to |
the consent of the Senate on Monday. But
inasmuch as an objection is made, and the
Senate is called upon to divide and we are
found without a quorum, several Senators
being in the Capitol, as I have no doubt, I
think it is a very reasonable request that the
names of the absentees should be called, and
that the Sergeant-at-Arms should be directed
to request such as may be in the building or
in the immediate neighborhood to step in and
make a quorum, to the end that the will, if it
be the will of the majority, as to the order of
business may not be defeated.
Now, I repeat that I think I might appeal
to my honorable friend from Missouri [Mr.-
Blair] to allow this bill to be taken up subject
to his disposition along with the majority of
the Senate on Monday morning.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not think it is a very
proper thing for the Senate to take up this bill
at this hour of the night with so few persons
here. If a majority of the Senate choose to
take it up on Monday when the Senate is full,
they can very well do so, and their judgment
upon the matter is much moie proper than for
the small number here now to take up this bill
and require the Senate to put it aside on Mon-
day. Theie is nothing gained by this, in my
judgment.
The Senator talks about bis distressed con-
stituents. The only distress that his constit-
uents or anybody else have on the subject of
the tea and coffee duty is that this bill will be
passed while many of them have a large
amount of tea and coffee in their hands upon
which they have paid the duty, and the Sen-
ator and others desire to bring in free tea and
coffee in competition with them. That is the
only disttess anybody has on this subject.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
will allow me, as he is in quest of facts, I can
tell him that lie is totally mistaken, and I think
I can convince him of it in one minute.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not think the Senator can.
Mr. CONKLING. I think I can if the
Senator will hear me for one minute. I do
not know that the Senator is in a condition to
be convinced of anything by me; but I call his
attention to this : aside entirely from the ques-
tion which he makes is the general question
whether this bill is to pass or not. Does the
Senator see that? So that beyond the ques-
tion of the time when it may take effect is a
question alfeetmg eveiybody in the trade
whether hereafter there are or are not to be
duties upon tea and coffee.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 rise to a point of
order.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator will
not interfere with me for a moment.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 withdraw the point.
Mr. CONKLING. This morning when the
Senate was very full this bill was taken up by
a large vote ; it fell at the end of the morning
hour; and the day having been assigned to
theposlal code, and the railroad bill being the
unfinished business, the question arose between
those two bills, and the tea and coffee bill was
lost sight of in that way.
Now, the Senate will see that we have had to-
day a large majority of a full Senatein favorof
takingupthis bill to consider it, and the Senate
will remember that at that time my friend
from Pennsylvania gave notice that as soon as
he had the opportunity he would renew the
motion. Therefore Senators who have gone
and left a thin Senate have not gone without
knowing that this question was to be made,
so that it is not the ordinary case of taking up
unexpected bills in the absence of a quorum.
Mr. CASSERLY. Ailow me to interrupt
the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does the Senator believe
that ten per cetii. of the Senate supposed that
the Senator from Pennsylvania intended at
this late hour, at the end of such a session as
we have had to-day, to make a motion to take
up this bill? |
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator puts a
question which is not easily answered. I will
answer the substance of it. I have no doubt
one hundred per cent, of the Senate who were
here expected the Senator from Pennsylvania
to move to take up this bill as soon as the
railroad bill was disposed of. Whether they
knew or expected that the railroad bill would
last until eight o'clock is a part of the question
which I am not prepared to answer.
Mr. CASSERLY. I must say for myself
that 1 heard the Senator from Pennsylvania
give that notice, but I am as much astonished
by his motion to take it up now as I ever was
by anything that has ever happened to me in
the Senate. Of course, I do not intend to
reflect upon the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator may have
been surprised. Certainly the Senator from
Pennsylvania made it very plain to every-
body ; the Senate at large understood that this
motion was to follow at once upon the disposi-
tion of the railroad bill, I think. Now, I do
not want to put anybodyto inconvenience, but
I do want to insist on my motion that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be directed to step about the
neighborhood of the Capitol and ask so many
Senators to come in here as may be necessary
to make a quorum ; and pending that motion
I trust the Senate will not adjourn, but that we
shall show that we can sacrifice our conven-
ience in the slight degree of waiting ten or
fifteen minutes in order to exempt from the
intolerable inflictions which this suspense im-
poses upon them, agreatand meritoiious body
of men in the country.
I forbear to continue this discussion, in the
hope that we may have the motion put after
the absenteeshavebeen called and see whether
we cannot get them.
Mr. ANTHONY. We do not need to do
more than send for the absentees.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Rhode
Island did not attend to what I said. I have
asked that the names of the absentees be read,
or, if that readmg is not necessary, I will sub-
mit a motion at once that the Sex-geant-at-Arms
be directed to request the attendance of absent
Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe to the Senator from New York
that the motion in order will be to dispatch
the Sergeant-at-Arms for absentees.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pendingthat
motion the Senator from California moves that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. Ibegpardon. The Sena-
tor did not submit that motion, and if he had
it would not have been in order, no business
having intervened.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from New
York observed that I had not made a motion
to adjourn, and if I had it would not have
heen in order. I suggest to that, Senator that
as he was quite clear, and properly so, that I
had not made a motion to adjourn, it was not
worth his while to suggest that I would have
been disorderly had I made it. .
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon. I did
not suggest it would have been disorderly. I
simply called the attention of the Chair to the
fact that that motion submitted at that time by
anybody would not have been in order, no
business having intervened.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
j will observe to the Senator froyi New York
that he made a motion, and the Senator
from California moved that the Senate adjourn.
The discussion upon that motion was out of
order, but by common consent it was allowed,
and therefore business intervened since the
prior motion of adjournment, and therefore
the motion of the Senator from California ia
in order.
Mr. CONKLING. But the Senator has
just declared himself that he made no suc,h
motion, and so I declare. What the Senator
said was an expression of hope that the Sen-
