834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
rules be suspended, and the following resolu-
tion be adopted :
Resolved, That the consideration of the question
of drawing seats shall bo postponed until two o'clock
oil Thursday next, at which hour a vote shall be
taken without dilatory motions on the proposed
rule and the amendments now ponding.
Mr. KILLINGER. I desire to offer an
amendment to that resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that one fifth of
the members at least are absent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order has
been demanded so often that the Chair must
decline to recognize any member except the
one regularly entitled to the floor.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to modify his resolu-
tion, so that when the names of those members
who are absent by order of the House, as is
the ease with the committee at New Orleans,
are drawn seats may be selected for them by
their friends.
Mr. FA EN SW ORTH. That is right.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has the right to modify his resolution.
Mr. PLATT. I object to that modification.
Mr. KILLINGER. Will the gentleman
from Tennessee allow me to offer an amend-
ment to his resolution?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
yield for an amendment, as a motion to suspend
the rules is not amendable; but he can modify
bis resolution before a vote is taken.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am willing to yield to
let the amendment be read.
Mr. STRONG. • I object to the gentleman
yielding for that purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 agree to the suggestion
ofthegentlemanfromlllionis, [Mr.McNuuLY,]
and will modify my resolution so that when the
name of any member who is absent by order
of the House shall be drawn a friend shall be
pennittpd to select a seat for him.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Is it understood
that if this resolution is adopted wo are to
proceed to draw for seats on Thursday?
Mr. PLATT. I object to debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. The terms of the reso-
lution are very plain.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York asks a very projier parliamentary ques-
tion as to the effect ot t.he resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. The eft'eet of the reso-
lution, as I contemplate it, will be that without
dilatory motions wo shall proceed to vote upon
the amendments and upon the report of the
Committee on the Rules on Thursday next at
two o'clock.
Mr. LYNCII. The modification to which
the gentleman has assented assumes that there
is to be a drawing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. This resolution only
proposes that we shall proceed lo vote, and
not that we shall proceed to draw for seats.
The SPEAKER. The effect of the resolu-
tion would be that all further consideration of
the pending rule and the amendments thereto
would be postponed until Thursday at two
o'clock, at which hour, the House would pro-
ceed to vote without dilatory motions of any
kind whatever.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope 110 such thing- as
that will be agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It is not a prop-
osition to postpone the drawing, but to post-
pone the rote.
Mr. COX. I hope there will be some reg-
ularity about this matter out of regard to the
public business.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My friend from New
\ork [Mr. Cox] is responsible for the public
business being interfered with. He brought
this resolution in here ; he has got his tail iu a
trap and is now trying to get it out. [Laughter. J
Mr. COX. 1 desire to make a personal
explanation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot now
hear tho gentleman on a personal explana-
tion.
Mr. COX. After the remark of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld judge] I ought
to be allowed to say something.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. STRONG. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Connecticut. [Mr. Strong] will allow the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] to make
an explanation. I did charge him with getting
us into this scrape.
Mr. COX. I beg to say in behalf of this
House and of the business of this House, and
I beg to say it against any objection, that at
the request of the Speaker, and at the request
of the Committee on Rules, for the purpose
of stopping this reading of bills at length dur-
ing tho morning hour of'Monday, and in order
to facilitate the transaction of the public busi-
ness I have brought in a resolution perfectly
justand fair, and one which should be adopted.
And my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
ridge,] for the first time in his life, is unjust
tome in imputing a design to me which I never
intended. Tt is time this puerility during the
morning hour of Monday and in regard to tha
drawing of seats should eea.se. I want it
ended. Lot anyday befixed and I am content.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. A word in reply to my
friend from New York, [Mr. Cox.] I made no
imputation against the gentleman, except that
when be appealed lo the House to allow this
resolution with reference to a reselection of
seats to go over in the interest of public busi-
ness, I did say that he was responsible for all
this. I did not know anything about what
had occurred between him and tho Speaker, or
between him and the Committee on Rules.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis
cousin [Mr. Eldridgk] has no right to allude
to the Speaker in that way. Tho gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] more than a month
ago introduced this resolution, and had it reg-
ularly referred to the Committee 011 Rules.
That eommitteo held a meeting and recom-
mended the passage of the resolution. The
gentleman from Wisconsin, who is very familiar
with the rules, the Chair trusts will see the
impropriety of referring to the Speaker in that
way.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Iain not.responsible for
having done that; my friend from New York
[Mr. Cox] is responsible for the reference to
the Speaker.
Mr. COX. I sjioke of the Speaker as chair-
man of the Committee on Rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I only referred to the
Speaker because the gentleman from New
York had done so, and in the spirit in which
lie made the reference, and not in any other
spirit. Tho gentleman appealed to the House
in the interest of public business, which is al-
ways a strong appeal lo gentlemen who desire
to facilitate legislation and to act in the interest
of public business. His appeal had a strong
influence upon mc. But the gentleman him-
self is responsible for all this trouble to-day.
I have been upon the outside here ; I have been
away over in Alaska and around there, and I
dp not know but 1 have been going around the
circle all the time here, so far as seats in this
Hall are concerned. I am very anxious for a
new draw ; 1 think we should have another
chance. My friend from New York [Mr. Cox]
is opposed to it. I simply referred to his ac-
tion in this matter in that connection; I made
110 imputation whatever against him. I say let
us have a draw; give us another chance.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The gentleman has j
had one draw, and now he wants a second, '
because he was not successful the first time, i
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do, and for that reason !
alone. The gentleman himself was so much j
divided on this qu estion that some of his friends i
had to vote him the first time bv force, i
[Laughter.] " j|
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to say
a word. I offered an amendment to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cos.]
Mr. CONGER. I object to debate on this
subject.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. That is nothing
singular ; the gentleman objects to everything.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. When we get
an amendment by a fair vote the gentlemen
against us speak of our taking up the time of
the House, yet we have been ready ever since
any amendment was offered to vote. If they
were ready to bring in their proposition from
the Committee on Rules and have us vote on it,
we have a right to have a vote on our prop-
osition also, and to have it now.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
resolution of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Matnabp,] with a modification that has
been proposed.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the consideration of the question
of drawing seats shall be postponed until two o'clock
on Thursday next, at which hour the vote shall be
taken without dilatory motion on the proposed rule
and amendments now pending; and that Messrs.
Archkr of Maryland, Soofield of Pennsylvania,
Smiiu of New York, SpEER of Pennsylvania, and
McCr.vry of Iowa, now absent at Now Orleans by
order of the House for the purpose of investigating
the political affairs of Louisiana, be, and are hereby,
authorized to transmit their respective votes by
telegraph [laughter] upon the resolution for tha
redistribution of tho seats of the House to the Clerk
of the House. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Oh no ; not that.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. That is "too
thin.'' We do not want any postponement.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the proposition just read, which is wholly
inadmissible under the rules, to be the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. My proposition was that
if a drawing should take place those gentlemen
absent at New Orleans on business of the
House should be permitted to draw by proxy.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. All this matter
is "too thin" to deserve to occupy time.
Mr. PLATT. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I would like to know whether a
motion to adjourn would now be in order?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. PLATT. I move, then, that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. iV. R. ROBERTS. I think that is very
unfair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee was understood to modify his resolution
so as to provide that when the names of tha
gentlemen absent at New Orleans are drawn,
some other gentleman may select seats for
them.
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The same thing has been
done in previous instances w.hen gentlemen
have been absent by order of the House.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman to
include all absentees on leave.
Mr. MAYNARD. I limit it to those absent
by order of the House.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Absentees ought
to be here.
The SPEAKER. There are numerous pre-
cedents in favor of seats being drawn by some
friend for those who are absent by order of
the House. Of course such an arrangement
is merely just, because the gentlemen are not
here to protect their rights, and are not on the
same basis as other absentees.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If the drawing
is ordered to-day we will let those who are
absent by order of the House have seats
selected for them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not 1 vised
of any other gentlemen absent by order of the
House than those on the committee at New
Orleans.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It seems that gentlemen
who have eligible seats here stick to them
closer than the Administration clings to its
political power.
