1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3523
Mr. COX. I will make no objection if the
gentleman will refrain from voting on this sub-
ject in which he has a direct personal interest.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
allowing the gentleman from Massachusetts to
proceed ?
No objection was made.
Mr. CROCKER then addressed the com-
mittee. [His remarks will be published in
the Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN. The first question is
upon the amendment of the gentleman'from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] to strike out the word
"seized," in line ninety two of the pending
paragraph, and the word "eight," in line
ninety-four; so that the clause will read:
On printing paper used exclusively for books
other than blank-books, and for magazines and
newspapers, twenty per cent, ad valorem, &o.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Beck, there were—ayes 80, noes 73.
Mr. DAWES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beck and
Mr. Crocker were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes ninety, noes not counted.
So the amendment of Mr. Beck was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now re-
curs on the substitute proposed by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That will make
the duty thirty-two and a half per cent.
Mr. DAWES. It proposes to apply to
these articles, like all the rest, a ten per cent,
reduction.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend the pending
clause by striking out the words " for books
other than blank books and ;" so that it will
read:
On printing paper used exclusively for magazines
and newspapers, twenty per cent, ad valorem, &o.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend the clause by
striking out the words "books otherthan;" so
that the clause will read:
On printing paper used exclusively for blank
books and for magazines and newspapers, tweuty
percent, ad valorem, &c.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by inserting
at the end of the pending paragraph the
following:
A.nd provided further. That importations of paper
brought in by travelers for their own use shall
be exempt from all such forfeiture and punishment.
If a man brings into the country a bunch
of envelopes, the provision of the bill would
subject him to a heavy penalty.
Mr. DICKEY and others objected to debate.
Theamendmentof Mr. Coxwasnotagreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend the
pending clause by striking out the proviso and
inserting in lieu thereof the words " and on
all other paper ninety per cent, of the duties
now imposed by law;" so that the paragraph
will read :
On printing paper used exclusively for books other
than blank-books, and for magazines and news-
papers, twenty per cent, ad valorem / and on all
other paper ninety percent, of the duties now im-
posed by law.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Stevenson, there were—ayes 60,
noes 73.
Mr. KERR called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Stevenson
and Mr. Dawes weie appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 75, noes 80.
So the amendment of Mr. Stevexsox was
not agreed to. ,
Mr. CARROLL. i move to amend the pend-
ing paragraph by striking out the proviso.
The amendment was not agreed to, there
being—ayes 45, noes 78.
The question again recurred on the motion
of Mr. Dawes to strike out the paragraph and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
On all paper ninety per cent, of the duties and
rates of duty now imposed by law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. _ Dawes] by striking out his proposed
substitute and inserting in lieu thereof the
following :
On printing paperused exclusively for books other
than blank books, and for magazines and newspa-
pers, fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
The question beingtaken on the amendment
of_ Mr. Holman, it was not agreed to; there
being—ayes 60, noes 73.
The question again recurred on. the substi-
tute offered by Mr. Dawes ; and the question
being taken, there were—ayes 80, noes 68.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kerb and
Mr. Dawes wereappointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 84, noes 78.
So the substitute proposed by Mr. Dawes
was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that, the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
field reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, having had
under consideration the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (II. R. No. 2322) to re-
duce duties on imports, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, had come to no
resolution thereon.
PROPOSED ItECESS OP CONQHESS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of privilege, and submit the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Spoaker of the House of
Representatives be, and hereby are. authorized to
adjourn this session of their respective llousen on
the 3d day of June next, at twelve o'clock m„ until
the last Thursday of November next, at twelve
o'clock m.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to state to the House
with all frankness the exact scope of this reso-
lution, because I do not mean to do that by in-
direction which 1 would not do directly, or that
any one should be deceived. As _we all know
the law which suspends the writ of habeas
corpus for the protection of loyal citizens in
the South expires when this session of Con-
gress expires. Therefore I have introduced
this resolution providing, not for a final ad-
journment of the session, but for a recess until
the last Thursday of November, four days be-
fore the next regular session, for the purpose
of keeping in existence that beneficent meas-
ure. i have done it in the interest of public
peace, and in the interest of us all. We all
desire to go home, and it is best we should do
so. Now, why should we wait here to attempt
to pass a new law, or to make provision for
extending the present law, when the views of
men in this House.on the one side and the
other can be as well expressed upon this ques-
tion and in this way as any other? I desire to
bring the House to a direct vote on this ques-
tion : adjournment and the extension of the
Ku Klux law.
Sir, let no man say this law ought not to be
extended. I hold in my hand the sworn testi-
mony given in a court of justice in the trial
of some eighty or ninety  _
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of
order. I make the point of order that the
gentleman from Massachusetts has no rignt on
the pending resolution for adjournment to dis-
cuss the question of Ku Klux or any other
nuestion but that which is before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The remarks of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts are beyond the fair
limit of the discussion allowed on the pend-
ing resolution for adjournment.
Air BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
showing why we should take a recess until
November next rather than have a final ad-
journment of this session.
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts permit me to move an amend-
ment fixing the time when - the recess is to
begin 1
Sir. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pray
not to be interrupted foe a moment.
Mr. COBURN. I should like to offer an
amendment at the proper time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
come to it directly. I was about saying, with
this testimony before me, with the fact before
the country of murder 
Mr. GOLLADAY. Mr. Speaker, is a dis-
cussion about murder in order on the resolu-
tion to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts are beyond the
fair discussion of the resolution for adjourn-
ment.
Mr. BROOKS. That was my point; and
now 1 hope the gentleman from Massachusetts
will keep his remarks in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is really of
opinion that a resolution for final adjournment
or for a recess ought not to be open for debate,
and for the reason, that being a question of
high privilege it may be obtruded on the
House at any time; and if obtruded on the
House, it may seriously interfere with other
business. When the resolution of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] for
final adjournment was before the House the
Chair endeavored to restrain the debute
within the narrow limits of how it would affect
the pending business, not, allowing the discus-
sion to run into the merits of the public busi-
ness.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speak-
er, while we have the direct and positive evi-
dence of this 
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The Chair has decided
that the gentleman is out of order, and 1 object
to his continuing in the same strain.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I called the gentleman
from Massachusetts to order.
The SPEAKER, The remarks of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts are not in order.
Mr. DICKEY. Now let us have the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Shall I
go 011?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can pro-
ceed in order. The fair limit of debate on a
resolution for final adjournment or for a recess
of this character is the mode in which it will
affect the disposition of the public business,
the transaction of business, and not the merits
of any particular business whatever.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
going into any business before the country;
but I wish to show why we should take a recess
rather than a final adjournment, because of
the public necessity to which I have referred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
decided that the merits of legislation cannot
be discussed upon a motion of this character.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was not
aware that my friends were so sensitive lest I
speak of murder, arson, whippings, and rapes.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I object.
Mr. BECK. Is the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts in order?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
yield the floor for these interruptions, which
are out of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order. Membeis should be m their seats.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is
well taken. Gentlemen will resume their
Mr. BROOKS. I now insist on my point
of order that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] has to take bis seat. Ho
cannot proceed but in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated
that he cannot proceed except in order.
Mr. BROOKS. But he loses the floor
when the Chair decides he is out of order.
The SPEAKER. He wul lose the floor
unless he proceeds in order.
