442Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
voted, in favor thereof,) and the bill (H. B.
No, 298®) wa$ passed,
: MBTOOtlOI.OGIGAL OBSEllVATJQNS.
Mr. TERRY. I offer a bill to take atid
report meteorological observations in' aid. of
commence 'and agriculture, and I njove that
the rules be suspended and th4t the- bill be
passed. , . .
,'riip bill, was ,r,e^d,._ , It authorizes apd re
quires the Secretary of War to provide in tlie
sys.tenj pf observation^ aad reports, in charge
oi the 'chief, signal,officer <?f ttie Army, lor,
such'stations, reports, and signals as may
be foupd necessary for the benefit of tigricul-
ttyal.an,d commercial interests.
, $lr. GARFIELD, of;Ohio. Th,^t has been
pijo-videdi for in the sundry civil appropria-
tion ij.ilt, ,in,$lmo9t t.h.e satne words. It, is not
nece^ai'J to pass it iti a separate bill.
Mr. TERftY. We do not , know that the
bill to lybicli the geutlemau from Ohio, refers
will pass.
Mr. GAliFlELD, of Ohio. It must pass.
The appropriations must be made any way.
< Mr. TERRY. The signal department de-
sirga this -bill, and it is .recommended by the
Secretary of War. The provision for tbis
service ought to be made by a separate and
distinct act, rather than by a clause in an
appropriation bill.
Al|i-. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
had better wait until lie sees whether the sun-
dry, civil appropriation bill passes. There is
no use _in cumbering our records with extra
legislatipr^
The Question being taken on suspending the
rules and passing the, bill, there were ayes OG,
i oe§ 32 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, upder the rule, ordered
tellers, aqd appointed, Mr. Tmusx and Mr.
HoAli.
' Mr. TERRY. ' I ask that the letter of the
Secretary of War he read.
, The letter was read, as follows;
, WAR .Dtil'AKTMK.VT,
WA3III.N«ion- City, Juw 5.1872.
Sib? Xti ret>Ty'to your lettdr of Juno 5,1872, sub-
JBittiiMf i'orthe vi&ws of the Department it proviso in
refcrtsu^e, tqjthe stignal service, Uivrewith ro turned,)
X have the> lienor to hielose the accotiu'iinyuiK ytun-
muriioiituin froin thkfeliicfxiKnal officer of the Arniv,
iiiinl tffsny tlioviewstheroin expressed nro approved.
The authorixntiun will bout lit tlio sikjiuI service
without inoiejsniK the tlppi opj lutiun, nm.1 will en-
able the Department to recognize tho interests of
the forming, inland, ami river populations, us it is
only right K Uioulil Uo.
Very respectfully, W. W. BELKNAP,
tiecrtiary uj War,
Hon. F, A. Sawyer, United States Venule,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That letter
was'sent to the Committeeon Appropriations,
and it was in accordance with the views there
expressed that the clause was iu&eued in the
sundry civil appropriation biil.
.Mr, BUTLER, pf Massachusetts. The ob-
ject of urging this as a separate bill is to give
gentlemen a chance of filibustering against the
sundry civil bill.
The SPEAKER. The tellers will take their
plaqes.
The. House'again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 65,, noes 5j,
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended, and the
bill was not passed.
M1SSSAQK FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gou-
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No.
2705) making appropiiations for sundry civil
expenses-of the fcrovernment for tHeyear end-
ing June 30,. 1S578, and .for other purposes,
with sundry amendments; in which the con-
cairence o< the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on its amendments to savdbiil,
(H. iv. &o. %7Vo,) asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and bad appointed Mr. Coi.e, Mr. Edmunds,
and Mr. Stevensost, managers of the confer-
ence on the part of the Senate,'
HOMESTEADS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
move that the rules be suspended .so as to take
from the Speaker's table and pass at this time
Senate bill No. .450, to secure homesteads to
actual settlers on the public domain. This
bill, when reached yesterday, was laid aside
informally for examination. It has since been'
examined by the Committee on the Public
Lands, and they recommend its passage. It
was read at length yesterday; and upless some
gentleman desires it to be read again 
Mr. ELDREDGE. Let it be read.
MISCELLANEOUS A.PP110PJUATIQN BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House, No. 2705, ip$kii>g appropriations for
sundry t;ivil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June,30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, be referred to the Committee, on Ap-
propriations. I make this suggestion to the
House; the Senate ordered this bill, with
their amendments numbered, to be printed.
It has been in the hands of the Printer for the
last hour. Probably in the course of an hour
or an hour and a half the Printed, biil and
amendments will be in the possession of mem-
bers, so that they can examine them. I ask
that the bill and amendments be now referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, in order
that we may retire to our room and consider
the various items, and be able to report to the
House such recommendations in regard to
them as we may deem advisable.
Mr. BROOKS. We want to see what the
Committee on Appropriations will have to
w.ork upon before we refer it to them. As
for considering these items, the Committee on
Appropriations can do so informally without
any order of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make that
motion, and if necessary I move that the rules
be suspended so as to take up the Senate
amendments and refer them to the committee.
1 am sure the House will not fail to treat the
Committee on Appropriations with the usual
courtesy, by referring the Senate amendments
to this bill to them. Tliat course will give uo
one an advantage, and is simply to facilitate
our getting at the items of this bill. Whatever
course any gentleman may desire to take witli
regard lo these items or any of them, he cau
do so after the reference ns well as before.
Mr. BROOKS. This bill passed the Senate
at a late hour last night, or rather at all early
hour this, morning. What has been acted on,
or not acted on, is utterly unknown to the
members of the House on either side. As to
the character of the appt opriations, or the
number of them made by the Senate, or any
of the principles ingrafted upon this bill by
the Senate, we are entirely ignorant. Befiire
we shall officially trust this bill to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations I think we have, at
least, the right to have it read and know what
is in it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to
say that, it would be a very remarkable course
for this House to pursue, to refuse 16 refer a
bill of this kind to the appropriate committee.
Mr. BROOKS. It will be proper to so refer
it when we have seen what it is. Let the re-
mark that the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. .Garifeid] is one of the most ex-
traordinary that I ever heard—a motion to
refer a bill with amendments none of which
have been read, and the character of which
the House knows nothing of. In all my long
expedience I have never known a bill to be
referred in that way to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I beg the gen-
tleman's pardon'; 1 have fliade precisely this
same motion in reference-to every 6ther ap-
propriation bill this session, I do not want
the House to disagree to these amendments and
throw the whole work into the hands of a com-
mittee of conference. The Committee on
Appropriations have uniformly instructed me,
whenever it"could be done, to have bills with
the Senate' amendments referred to them for
consideration.
Mr. BROOKS. Have we not acted on, the
details before that has been done?
" Mr.''GARFIELD, of Ohio. No, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. We did with the last one
on yesterday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In reference
to that bill, knoHOi 83 the river and harbor
appropriation bill, the Committee on Com-
merce had informally considered the amend-
ments of the Senate. That hill was not in
thehands ofthe Committee on Appropriations.
But every bill tfyu has:been in the hands of
the Appropriation" Committee proper has
been referred, with the amendments of the
Senate, from the Speaker's table without
objection, taken to the room of the Committee
on Appropriations^ there considered, and then
brought back into the House for its consider-
ation. That is the usual course.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to make au
inquiry. How can this bill be reached now,
ana by what vote'j if it is not referred as re-
quested, to the Committee on Appropriations?
The SPEAKER. By a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Only by a suspension
of the rules, which requires a two-thirds vote.
But if it goes into the bands of the committee
they will be able to report it back to the House,
where it can b? "disposed of by a majority
vote ?
The SPEAKER. That is uniformly the case
with every appropriation bill.. This bill is not
in any peculiar situation; it is in the situation
that every appropriation bill is that is returned
from the Senate with amendments,
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to know for the
benefit of gentlemen around me as well as
myself, what the ruling of thfe Chair would' be
upon that question,: whether if the bill goes to
the committee and the committee report it
back, It wi)l then be before the House for con:
sideration'ati'd bah be passed by a 'majority
vote 1
The SPEAKER. ' When the committee
shall report the bill brick, if the point of oider
bo made, it must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, because it
contains new appropriations.
Mr. RANDALL. What takes it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the slate of the Union,
a Wiajirity vote ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.'
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And in Com-
mittee of ihe Whole, it can be debated just as
16ng as gentlemen please.
Mr. ELDilEDGE. The chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations has told us that
no a'dvdritage is gained over this side of the
House by referring the bill to the committee;
yet acfcordirtg to the answ-r of the Chair 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I say no ad-
vantage is gained in this case as distinguished
from every "other appropriation bill that we
have considered.
The SPEAKER, No bill on the Speaker's
table can be reached except by a two-thirds
vote. '■ " '
Mr. ELDREDGE. That is precisely what
I supposed was the condition of the bill; and
therefore the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations was not correct in the state-
ment that no advantage will be gained by a
reference til the bill to his committee.
1 he SPEAKER. No advantage will be
gained more than by'takingit upi*h theHouse.
Mr. ELDREDGE. But it cannot be taken
up now without, a two-thirds vote ; it must be
done under a suspension of the rules. Those
of us who are opposed to some of the "amend-
ments which I believe have been attached to
