2628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Mr. TRUMBULL.. We have no way of
forcing,the attendance of Senators; we can
only request them to attend; and that has
always- been supposed in the history of the
•Senate to be a sufficient summons for a Sen-
' ator to attend. It has always been supposed
that a Senator acting upon his honor would
report himself when his attendance was re-
quested by the Senate. Such a thing as for-
cing the attendance of a member of the Senate
■was never known, nor have we any rule pro-
viding for it excepting at the commencement
of a session. That matter has been dis-
CttSS6(j—"11 "
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to inquire, what
is the motion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion was to force
the attendance of Senators. We cannot do
that.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will now stats that since he decided that this
motion was out of order, the Sergeant-at,-Arms
has reported that he has called on all the Sen-
ators who are at present in the city and exe-
cuted the order of the Senate ; and there still
appears, so far as the Chair is informed, to be
three lacking a quorum. What is the further
pleasure of the Senate?
Mr. HOWE. With that report before us,
and with a view of ascertaining what the con-
dition of the Senate really is m point of law,
I renew the motion to direct the Sergeant-at-
Arms to bring in enough absent Senators to
constitute with those present a quorum of the
body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no law for that.
Mr. HOWE. The Constitution provides
thaf—
" Each House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications ot its own members, and
a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do
business; but a smaller number may adjourn from
day to day. and may be authorized to compel the
attendance ot' absent members in such manner and
under such penalties aa each House may provide."
Mr. TRUMBULL. It takes a House to
authoiize it.
Mr. HOWE. There is a constitutional au-
thority in the Senate to provide by rule for
compelling the attendance of absent members.
I am reminded out of the mouth of quite a
number ot' Senators about me that that au-
thority lias never been exercised by a Senate.
What the Senate has done is to provide this
rule
"No Senator shall absent himself from the ser-
vice of the Senate without leave of the Senate first
obtained. And in case a less number than a quorum
ot the Senate shall convene, they are hereby author-
ized to send tile Sergeant-at-Arms, or any other per-
son or persons by tnem authorized, for any or all
absent Senators, as the majority of such Senators
present shall agree, at the expense of such absent
Senators, respectively, unless such excuse for non-
attendance shall be made as the Senate, when a
quorum is convened, shall judge sulhcient." .
The suggestion may be made that that rule
applies Qttiy to the first meeting of the session
ot the Senate. I thiakit a strained construc-
tion ; I think it an unnatural and irrational
construction. Considering that this body is
expressly clothed with the power to provide
by rule for compelling the attendance of ab-
sent members, I should have supposed that
that rule was intended for that purpose. I
believe it was intended for that purpose. I
believe it ought to be used for that purpose.
But I am reminded by Senators a great deal
older than mjself, in legislative experience at
all events, that such has not been the con-
struction placed upon the rule by the Senate.
I have never happened to be here when any
construction was put upon it by the authori
tative action of the Senate. I submit the mo-
tion now, and we can have the decision of the
body upon it. If these Senators shall declare
that this body, now less than a quorum, has
no authority to compel the attendance of ab-
sentees, if, since it is reported by the Sergeant-
at-Arms that he has exhausted all the author-
ity we have reposed in him, the Senate will
follow that up with the decision that we have
reposed in the Sergeant at-Arms all the au-
thority we have, then I shall very promptly
acquiesce in the wish of those who desire to
adjourn this body. I think that will be the
only sensible step to take after this question
is so settled.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have been invited to-
night from "my room here for the first time in
my life during a period of twenty-five years to
meet the Senate; and in pursuance of that
invitation I deemed it my duty to come, and
I am here. The matter of compelling the
attendance of Senators has been a question
which has been often discussed during the
period within which I have been a member of
this body. It is undoubtedly clear that the Sen-
ate may adopt rules by which absent Senators
may be compelled to make their appearance.
It has not done that; and that is a sufficient
answer to the motion which the Senator from
Wisconsin has made. The rule which he has
read he thinks may, and indeed does, apply to
the present condition of things. The con-
struction given to that rule from the formation
of the Government to the present time hap-
pens to be precisely the opposite of that con-
struction which the Senator seeks to day to
give it by the motion he makes, and it would
be enforcing the rule directly in contravention
to what has been the uniform understanding of
the Senate on all occasions. We are not a
Senate; we'are Senators constituting a num-
ber now here less than a quorum; and any
vote which we may pass, I think, save that to
adjourn would be a nuiliiy.
Mr. POMEROY. We can call the absentees.
Mr. HAMLIN. We have a right to call the
absent Senators because the rules prescribe
that That, I think, you have done. 1 sup-
pose you may order another call of the Sen-
ate. I suppose less than a quorum may do
anything that is prescribed by the rules which
the Senate lias adopted ; nothing beyond that.
We have no earthly power beyond that, and
it would seem to me unwise to press such a
vote directly in the face of the settled prece-
dents of this body for long years. It would
be unwise for a body here less than a quorum
to undertaketo compel theattendanee of Sena-
tors ; when a body here less than a quorum
undertake to exercise that authority, as one
Senator I shall exercise the right which I
believe I possess under the Constitution, and
I do not think they will bring me here under
such a rule.
1 think it is a most unwise proceeding, and
I think the Senator himself, on a more cool
reflection and on a more careful consideration
of the question, will not ask us here even to
vote upon his motion.
The very object in connection with which
the rule is sought to be enforced renders the
proceeding doubly objectionable. I do not
think it would be a wise proceeding, I do not
think it would be a proceeding that would
meet the approbation of the country, if we
could force by any process just thirty-seven
Senators, and at ten o'clock at night, or after
that hour, force a vote upon this bill which is
intimately connected with all the matters of
your revenue. 1 think the whole proceeding
is ill-advised; and it was for that reason, tbat
we might consider it candidly and carefully
with a Senate, and not by Senators who are
not in attendance, that I have voted, as I shall
continue to vote, to adjourn. I hope the
Senator from Wisconsin will withdraw his
motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I have not heard what
report was made by the officer of the Senate
who proceeded to execute the order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms reported that he called upon
all the Senators at present in the city, request-
ing their attendance in the Senate ; and the
Senate, from all the information the Chair
has, appears without a quorum still.
Mr. HARLAN. I concur in the observa-
tions made by the honorable Senator from
Maine. This is all the power the Senate lias
ever attempted to exercise since 1 have had the
honor of' occupying a seat here. An invita-
tion by the Senate itself to attend exhausts all
the power we have ever attempted heretofore
to exercise, on the presumption that every
Senator upon his own sense of duty would obey
this request, if it were at all convenient for hi in
to do so ; and under that view of the case 
Mr. CONKL1NG. Now, if the Senator will
allow me to interrupthim long enough, 1 should
like to know what that part of the report is in
relation to the attendance of Senators, if they
expressed any intentions to come, or if they
are on their way, or whatever it may be in that
respect. Doubtless the Senator from Iowa
would like to know as well as myself. The
Chair simply announced that the Sergeant-
at-Arms had called upon Senators. I should
like to know whether he found them, or what
members be found, and whether they are to
appear or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms, reports, in answer to the Sen-
ator from New York, that some Senators afc-
whose houses he called were ascertained to be-
absent. Of those who were found most said
that they would be present; and the others did
not answer.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that most
of them stated that they would be present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Stated that
they would be preseut.
Mr. CONKLING. Then they are on their
way here, probably.
Mr. HARLAN. That does not affect the
view of the case I have attempted to present.
The Senate has heretofore done no more than
request the attendance of absent members, pre-
suming that every Senator on his sense of duty
would comply with such a request from the
bod} of which he is a member. That having
been done in this case, doubtless all the Sen-
ators who could comply with propriety with
this request of the Senate have appeared and
answered to their names, and still the Senate
is without a quorum. That being the case, I
feel it to be niy duty to move tliat the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion for a moment ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to .say one word in
reply to the remarks of the Senator from
Maine. I know he has been a long time a
member of the Senate, and for many years pre-
sided over its deliberations. What he says
about the past usage of the Senate is undoubt-
edly correct. He cannot be mistaken about
it. Besides that he is confirmed by the testi-
mony of many other Senators. The usage of
the Senate I am bouud to believe has been
what he states it to be. In reply to that usage
I read you the Constitution, which, as I said
before, clothes the Senate with the authority
to make a rule; and I say the. Senate has m
pursuance of that authority made a rule, and
here is the rule; and 1 read it, and the rule
authorizes the Senate, not when there is a
majority here, but when there is less than a
quorum, *' to send the Sergeant-at-Arms or any
other person or persons by them authorized lor
any or all absent Senators, as the majority
of such Senators present shall agre°, at the
expense of such absent Senators respectively."
Now, Mr. President, I find this language,
which seems tome tolerably plain, amongyour
rules. I think fairly construed it auihorizes just
such action as that to which i moved the Sen-
ate. I may be mistaken in my construction uf
the rule. I hardly think, however, that I am so
broadly mistaken. The Senator advised me
that the rule applies only to the first meeting
of the Senate. I beg iiis pardon; he is un-
questionably mistaken upon tbat point. I did
not read the last clause of the rule, and that
declares:
" And this rule shall apply as well to the iirst eon-
