784
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
42d Con0....2d Sess.
Laws of the United Slates.
Sec. 8. That the Postmaster General shall
make the following reports to Congress at each
annual session :
A report of all contracts for carrying the
mail made within the preceding year, giving
in each case the name of the contractor; the
date and duration of the contract; the routes
embraced therein, with the length of each;
the times of arrival and departure at the ends
of each route; the mode of transportation;
and the price to be paid, together with a copy
of the recorded abstracts of all proposals for
carrying the mail, as provided by section two
hundred and forty-eight.
A report of all land and water mails estab-
lished or ordered within the preceding year,
other than those let to contract at the annual
letting, giving in each case the route or water-
course on which the mail is established, the
name of the person employed to transport it,
the mode of transportation, the price to be
paid, and the duration of the order or con-
tract.
A report pf all allowances made to contract-
ors within the preceding year above the sums
originally stipulated in their respective eon-
tracts, and the reasons for the same, and of all
orders made whereby additional expense is
incurred on any route beyond the original con-
tract price ; giving in each case the route, the
name of the contractor, the original service
provided for by the contract, the original price,
the additional service required, and the addi-
tional allowance therefor.
A report of all curtailments of expenses
effected within the preceding year, giving in
each case the same particulars as in the pre-
ceding report.
A report of the finances of the Department
for the preceding year, showing the amount
of balance due the Department at the begin-
ning of the year; the amount of postage which
accrued within the year; the amount of engage-
ment and liabilities; and the amount actually
paid during the year for carrying the mail,
showing how much of said amount was for car-
rying the mail in preceding years.
A report of the fines imposed on, and the
deductions from the pay of contractors, made
during the preceding year ; stating the name
of the contractor, the nature of the delin-
quency, the route on which it occurred, when
the fine was imposed, and whether the fine or
deduction has been remitted, and for what
reason.
A copy of each contract for carrying the mail
between the United States and foreign coun-
tries, with a statement of the amount of post-
age derived under the same, so far as the
returns of the Department will enable it to
be done.
A report showing all contracts which have
been made by the Department, other than for
carrying the mail; giving the name of the con-
tractor, the article or thing contracted for, the
place where the article was to be delivered or
the thing performed, the amount paid there-
for, and the date and duration of the contract.
A report of the clerks and other persons
employed in the Department during the year,
or any part thereof; giving the names of the
persons, the time tbey were actually employed,
and the sum paid each ; whether they have
been usefully employed ; whether the services
of any can be dispensed with without detriment
to the public service ; and whether the removal
of any, and the appointment of others in their
stead, is required for the better despatch of
business.
A report on the postal business and agencies
in foreign countries.
And the Postmaster General shall cause all
of such reports to be printed at the Public
P'intit.g Office. either together or separately,
and m_ such numbers as may be required by ;
the exigencies of the service or by law.
Sec. 9. That the Postmaster General shall
submit to Congress at each annual session a
statement of the amount expended during the
preceding fiscal year, and an estimate of the
amount that will be required for the ensuing
fiscal year, under each of the following heads:
"transportation of the*mails ;" "compensa-
tion of postmasters;" "compensation of
clerks in post offices;" "compensation of
letter-6arriers;" "compensation of blank
agents and assistants;" "mail depredations
and special agents;" "postage-stamps and
envelopes;" " ship, steamboat, and way let-
ters ;" " dead letters;" "mail-bags;" "mail
locks, keys, and stamps"wrapping paper
"office furniture;" "advertising;" "bal-
ances to foreign countries;" "rent, light,
and fuel for post offices;" " stationery ;" and
"miscellaneous;" showingthe sumspaid under
each head, and the names of the persons to
whom payments are m^de out of the miscel-
laneous fund; but the names of persons em-
ployed in detecting depredations on the mail,
and of other confidential agents, need not be
disclosed.
Sec. 10. That the Postmaster General shall
lay before Congress, during the first week in
each annual session, detailed statements of
the expenditures made from the contingent
fund of his Department. He shall also make
out and keep, in proper books, full and com-
plete inventories and accounts of all the prop-
erty belonging to the United States in the
buildings, rooms, offices, and grounds occu-
pied by him and under his charge, and to add
thereto from time to time an account of such
property as may be procured subsequently to
the taking of the same, and also an account
of the sale or disposal of any such property,
and to report the same to Congress as afore-
said : Provided, That this section shall not
apply to the supplies of stationery and fuel
which shall be accounted for <is now provided
by law.
Sec. 11. That all persons employed in any
branch of the postal service shall be exempt
from militia duty, and from serving on juries,
or from any penalty for neglect thereof.
Sec. 12. That no person employed in the
Post Office Department shall become inter-
ested in any contract for carrying the mail, or
act as agent, with or without compensation, for
any contractor or person offering to become a
contractor, in any business before the Depart-
ment; and any person so offending shall be
immediately dismissed from office, and shall
be liable to pay so much money as would have
been realized from said contract, to be recov-
ered in an action of debt, for the use of the
Post Office Department.
Sec. 13. That all bonds taken and contracts
entered into by the Post Office Department
shall be made to and with the United States
of America.
Sec. 14. That no person employed in the
postal service shall receive any fees or per-
quisites on account of the duties to be per-
formed by virtue of his appointment.
Sec. 15. That before entering upo.n the
duties, and before they shall receive any sal-
ary, the Postmaster General and all persons
employed in the postal service, shall respect-
ively take and subscribe, before some magis-
trate or other competent officer, the following
oath or affirmation: "I, A. B., do solemnly
swear (or affirm, as the ease may be) that 1
will faithfully perform all the duties required
of me, and abstain from everything forbidden
by the laws m ie!atiou to the establishment of
post offices and post roads within the United
States ;_and that 1 will honestly and truly ac-
count for and pay over any money belong.ng
to the said United States which may come
into my possession or control: so help mu,
God." And this oath or affirmation may be
taken before any officer, civil or military, hold- I
ing a commission under the United States,
and such officer is hereby authorized to ad-
minister and certify such oath or affirmation.
Sec. 16. That every person employed in the
postal service shall be subject to all the pains,
penalties, and forfeitures for violation of the
laws relating to such service, whether he has
taken the oath or affirmation prescribed in the
preceding section or not.
Sec". -17. That telegrams between the several
Departments of the Government and their
officers and agents, in their transmission over
the lines of any company to which has been
given the right of way, timber, or station
lands from the public domain, shall have pri-
ority over all other business, at such rates as
the Postmaster General shall annually fix.
Sec. 18. That every order, entry, or mem-
orandum whatever, on which any action is to
be based, allowance made, or money paid,
and every contract, paper, or obligation made
by or with the Post Office Department, shall
have its true date affixed to it; and every
paper relating to contracts or allowances filed
m the Department shall have the date when it
was filed indorsed upon it.
Sec. 19. That the Postmaster General shall
furnish a copy of his annual estimates to the
Secretary of the Treasury prior to-the first of
November in each year, which shall be re-
ported to Congress by the latter in his regular
printed estimates.
Sec. 20. That the Postmaster General shall
transmit a copy of each postal convention con-
cluded with foreign Governments to the Sec-
retary of State, who shall furnish a copy of the
same to the Congressional Printer, for public-
ation ; and the printed proof-sheets of all such
conventions shall be revised at the Post Office
Department.
Sec. 21. That there shall be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, an Auditor of the Treasury
for the Post Office Department.
Sec. 22. That the said Auditor shall receive
all accounts arising in the Post Office Depart-
ment, or relative thereto, with the vouchers
necessary to a correct adjustment thereof, and
shall audit and settle the same and certify the
balances thereon to the Postmaster General.
He shall keep and preserve all accounts and
vouchers after settlement. He shall close the
accounts of the Department quarterly, and
transmit to the Secretary of the Treasury
quarterly statements of its receipts and ex-
penditures. He shall report to the Post-
master General, when required to do so, the
manner and form of keeping and stating the
accounts of the Department, and the official
forms of papers to be used in connection with
its receipts and expenditures. He shall report
to the Postmaster General all delinquencies
of postmasters in rendering their accounts and
returns, or in paying over money-order funds
and other receipts at their offices. He shall
register, charge, and countersign all warrants
upon the Treasury for receipts and payments
issued by the Postmaster General, when war-
ranted by law. And he shall perform such
other duties in relation to the financial con-
cerns of the Department, as may be assigned
to him by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
make to said Secretary, or to the Postmaster
General, such reports respecting the same as
either of them may require.
Sec. S3. That the said Auditor shall super-
intend the collection of all debts due the De-
partment, and all penalties and forfeitures
imposed for any violation of the postal laws,
and take all such other measures as may be
authorized by law to enforce the payment of
such debts a d tile recovery of such penalties
!ind forfeitures. He shall also superintend the
collection of all penalties and torl'eituies ans-
ing under other statutes, where such penalties
and forfeitures are the consequcnce of unlaw-
