1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2629
vent&em of the Senate at the legal time of meeting,
as to each day of the session aftor the hour has
-arrived to which the Senate stood adjourned."
As I was about saying, I may be mistaken
nn my construction ^of this rule, but I hardly
i think I am so broadly mistaken as to authorize
' the Senator frem Maine to declare my motion
mnwise.
Mr. HASSLIN. In my judgment.
Mr. 'B-OWE. A great many motions may
'be submitted to the Senate which the Senate
'will'flotagree to, and which perhaps they ought
•not to agree to, and yet which we do not ordi-
aiaJily characterize as unwise.
The Senator from Iowa is waiting for the
floor to move an adjournment. I shall vote
against that motion to adjourn, because I want
to get the decision of the Senate upon the
motion which I have submitted. It they vote,
as I have but little doubt from the intimations
1 hear about me they will vote, that this body
as now constituted has exhausted its author*
ity, then 1 shall vote very cheerfully for the
motion of the Senator from Iowa, for I have
no idea that it is a matter of duty 'Or a matter
■of propriety for us to sit here with our fingers
in our mouths, having requested the attend-
ance of abseat members and being told that
absent members will not attend.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
bj« to make one suggestion ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. While the Senator from
^Wisconsin was on his feet, during the last
'moment or two, I saw one member of the Sen-
■ate who has not been here before for an hour
■or two enter the Chamber. I do not suppose
the Sergeant-at-Arms has been in person, but
some messengers, of whom several were sent,
having just, returned, they say that they in-
termed a certain number of Senators of the
order of the Senate, many of whom said they
would come. That being the case, I do not
fthink any of us have a right to assume that
•those Senators will not be here. On the con-
trary, I think it would be rather unreasonable
'to assume that they should be here as soon as
a messenger who may have been sent and
come back has anived. I have seen several
Senators who within the last twenty minutes
have reached the Capitol who had been
absent.
Therefore, I think in any view that may be
taken, unless sending a request is to be con-
sidered as a mere matter of empty form, unless
we are to send a request and then disperse so
■•soon that reasonable diligence on the part of
Senators could not bring them here, is to be
■held to satisfy the rule, we might with great
^propriety continue here long enough to enable
•the Senators who have been sent tor to arrive.
We have been here two hours since this pro-
ceeding commenced. We have been here,
however, just long enough to hear the first re-
port we liave heard of any returning messen-
ger who had been sent for Senators. The Chair
announced not more than seven or eight min-
utes ago the first report we have heard. Why,
'sir, here comes another Senator entering the
■Chamber, [pointing to Mr. Chandler.] I
think for us to adjourn upon the idea that
Senators will not be here when messengers
just returned say they will be, would certainly
be a very strange proceeding. My impression
5S that there is a quorum here now. On the
last vote I think we lacked but three, and I
have seen myself two Senators enter the
Chamber since that time. I really hope we
shall not adjourn.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President—-
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me
one word in relation to the report of the Ser-
geant-at-Anns?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not know how formal
the Sergeant,-at,-Anns' messenger was with
other Senators, but I know precisely what his
communication was to myself. He found me
in my room. I think these were his precise
words: "I am directed by the Sergeant-at
Arms to request your attendance a t the Sen-
ate." I had no opportunity to tell him whether
I would come or not, and he left my room in a
great hurry, I suppose to summon other Sen-
ators. I made no reply to him, although,
believing it to be my duty to answer the reque'st
of the Senate, in obedience to that request I
came here. But I think it would have been
wiser and better to have adjourned long ago,
and I hope the Senator from Iowa will make
his motion, and that the Senate will adjourn.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to make one obser-
vation in reply to the suggestion made by the
Senator from Wisconsin. I have no wish to
test the power of the Senate to compel the
attendance of Senators. A request heretofore
has always been sufficient to bring a quorum of
the Senate, and I have no doubt it would now
if there were any public necessity requiring it.
I do not perceive any public exigency, any
crisis in public affairs, that requires the Senate
to depart from its former usage. If-any Sen-
ator supposes there is a quorum here pres-
ent and desires to have the-roll called again, I
have no objection to that, but unless some
Senator makes such a request, I  
Mr. CONKLING. Let us do that. I think
there is a quorum.
Mr. HARLAN. It is suggested that on the
motion to adjourn the question of the pres-
ence of a quorum will bo tested.
Mr. CONKLING. Except that Senators
might vote for a motion to adjourn with the
idea that there was not a quorum who if there
was a quorum would not so vote.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well; I will yield to
the Senator to make a request to have the
roll called if he wishes, in order to test the
question whether there is now a quorum.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to have
that done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin withdraw his motion ?
The Chair will be obliged to rule on the motion
unless the Senator withdraws it.
Mr. HOWE. I do not withdraw the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the motion is r pot
withdrawn, I will say one word upon it. This
question has often been up before and has
been decided 
Mr. HARLAN. As the Senator from Wis-
consin insists on another question being de-
cided by the Senate, which is very unusual in
this body, I will now make a motion that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will allow me,
I will withdraw my motion to allow the Sen-
ate to be called.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin withdraws his motion, and
the Senator from New York now moves that
the roll be called.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was only going to
say a word which I will say now on the -other
motion. The rule which the Senator from
Wisconsin refers to applies to the convening
of the Senate, either its first convening at the
commencement of a session or its convening
on each day. If we adjourn now, and to-
morrow, at the time when the Senate is to
assemble, there is no quorum, the Senate then
has the power under this rule to send for its
absent members, but it only applies to the
convening of the Seriate at the commencement
of the session, or on each day, and such is its
language:
" And in ease a less number than a quorum of the
Senate shall convene, they are hereby authorized to
send the Sergeant-a,t-Arms," &e.
Then the latter part of the rule:
"And this rule shall apply as well to the flrst con-
vention of the Senate, at the legal time ot ineetinsr,
as to each day of the session, after tho hour lias
arrived to which the Senate stood adjourned.
It applies to the convention of the Senate
each day after the hour has arrived. If there
is not at its convening a quorum, then mem-
bers may be sent for ; but it has always been
held that you could not compel the attendance
of Senators. I have heard it decided several
times since T have been a member of the Sen-
ate by the Vice President. The construction
has been uniform.
Mr. TIPTON. Does a motion to adjourn
take precedence of a motion to call the roll ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does.
Mr. TIPTON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask Tor the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Boreman, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Goldthwnite, Hamilton ol'Texas, Ilamlin,
Hitchcock, Kelly,Logan, Morrill of Minne, Ramsey.
Siu-vyer, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull, Wmdom, and
Wright,—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Carpen-
ter. Chandler, Conklinjr, Corbcil, Ciagin, Fciry of
Michigan, I'Velinghuysen, Harlan. Howe, Kellogg,
Lewis, Osborn, Pouieroy, Pratt, Scott, and Speu-
ooi—18.
AOriENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Amos, Blair, Brown-
low, Caldwell. Cameron. Casserly. Clayton. Cole.
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Hdmunds, Fenton, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland. Hill, Johnston, Morrill ot Vermont,
Morton,Norwood, Nye, Patterson,Pool, ltieo, Rob-
ertson, SauUburv. Sohur/.. Sherman, hprague. bte-
venson, Stewart, Sumner, Thurman, V ichors, West,
and Wilson—88.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn, but the vote still discloses
the fact that there is no quorum present.
Mr. HOWE. I renew my motion,
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a question of
order. The point of order is simply that that
motion is out of order. The Senate not, hav-
ing previously made any rule on the subject
when they had a quorum here, and could have
made one, it is not in order now, and it is out
of the power of those present, to make a rule
which the body only has the power to make
when it, has a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will rule upon the motion made by the Senator
from Wisconsin, and will read the article ot
the Constitution to the Senate:
" Each House shall be the judge ,,f the elections,
returns, nn<i qualifications of its i>wu member.*, and
a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do
business; but a smaller number may adjourn from
day to day, and maybe authorized to compel the
attendance of absent % members. in such manner,
and under such penalties as cach liouse may pro-
vide."
There can be no House, in the judgment of
the Chair, without a quorum, and the House,
when in a quorum, not having made provision
by any rule, and in the absence of a rule, the
Sergeant-at-Arms having exhausted his power
under rule eight, and in accordance with the
practice of the Senate as understood by the
Chair, the Chair sustains the point of order,
and holds that the motion made by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is not in order.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at ten
o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
. Monday, April 22, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, I). D. ,
The Journal of the proceedings of Saturday
last was read and approved.
house bills rbfebbed.
The bill (H. R. No. 620) for the relief of
Thomas C. Martin, Emilia E. Martin, Jane
G Martin, and Leonor Martin, children of J.
E Martin, dec-ased, was read twice, by its
title, and referred to the Committee on loreign
Relations. ,, , .
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia: ,
A bill (H. R. No. 1910) to authorize the
