3526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
san francisco land association.
Mr. KETCHAM, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported back the petition
of the San Francisco Land Association, and
moved that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the petition was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
additional land district in kansas.
Mr. KETCHAM, from the same committee,
also reported back a bill (S. No. 877) to cre-
ate an additional land district in Kansas, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, constitutes in the
first section all that portion of the Republican
land district in the State of Kansas lying and
being situated west of the first guide meridian
west of the sixth principal meridian a new land
district, to be called the Northwestern land
district. The second section authorizes the
President, by and with the advice and cou-
sent of the Senate, to appoint a register and a
receiver for the district, who shall discharge
like and similar duties, and receive the same
amount of compensation allowed to other offi-
cers discharging like duties in the other land
offices of said State.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on the Public
Lands how many land districts and how
many registers there are already in the State
of Kansas?
Mr. KETCHAM. I am not able to say.
Mr. RANDALL. It is a pertinent ques-
tion, and the gentleman ought to be able to
answer.
Mr. KETCHAM. This is a question in ref-
erence to which the committee are controlled
by the information from the General Land
Office. I ask to have a letter read from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. HOLM AN. I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from New York to the fact
that at the very last session of Congress a
new land district was organized in the State
of Kansas.
Mr. KETCHAM. I ask that the letter of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Intebioh,
General Land Office,
Washington, D. 0., May 15,1872.
Sir : In reply to your oral inquiry respecting the
inolosed bill to create a new land district in the
State of Kansas, (Senate bill 877.) I have to state
that from the best information received at this
office I am of opinion that the lands in the eastern
part of the present Republican district have to a
great extent been disposed of, and that settlement
and sales are now increasing in that portion em-
braced in the limits of the distriot proposed in this
bill. It is a necessity, therefore, that the proper
facilities should be given to persons taking home-
steads or desiring to enter lands in that locality,
which can only be done by the creation of a new
district. The removal of the local officer, now at
Concordia, to a point further west, while it would
meet the case, would cause great inconvenience
to the very large number who have entered under
the homestead law in the eastern portion of the
district, and who have not yet consummated their
entry by proving up.
The convenience of the settlers in all parts of the
present district can be best subserved by dividing
the district, and as the bill submitted seems free
from other objections, I recommend that it be made
law.
I have the honor to be. very respectfully.
WILLIS DRUMMOIID.
Oommiesioner.
Hon. S. C. p0mer0y, United States Senate.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
erection of new land districts.
Mr. KETCHAM, from the same committee,
reported back the bill (S. No. 998) relating to
the erection of new land districts, with a sub-
stitute.
;i'he bill was read. It provides that when-
ever any land district shall be created by act
of Congress, where the land embraced therein,
or any part thereof, at the time of such enact-
ment shall be taken from an existing land
district, the sales of such lands may, uuless
otherwise specially provided for by law, be
continued at the district office of the former
district until the receipt by the officers of
such district of the formal order of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office for the
suspension of said sales preliminary to the
transfer of the books and archieves pertaining
to the new district ; and all sales or disposals
of public lands heretofore regularly made at
any land office where those lands have been
made part of another district by any act of
Congress are confirmed if the same are free
from conflict with prior valid rights.
The Clerk read the substitute reported by
the committee, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
as follows:
That hereafter in case of the division of exist-
ing land districts by the erection of new ones, and
by a change of boundaries, by the President of the
United States, all business in such original districts
shall be entertained and transacted without preju-
dice or change until the offices in the new districts
shall be duly opened by public announcement
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all sales
or disposals of the public lands heretofore regularly
made at any land office, after the said lands have
been made part of another district by any act of Con-
gress or by the act of the President are heroby con-
firmed. Provided, The same are free from conflict
with prior valid rights.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, wasordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
dakota grand trunk railway company.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back, with amendments, the bill (H. R. No.
2592) granting the right of way to the Dakota
Grand Trunk Railway Company.
The bill was read. It provides that for the
purpose of enabling the Dakota Grand Trunk
Railway Company, a corporation organized
under the laws of Dakota, to extend its road and
branches by the most advantageous and prac-
ticable lines, in accordance with its charters,
the right of way through the public lands in
the Territory of Dakota is granted to said
company. Said right of way is to the extent
of one hundred feet in width on each side
of said road and branches where they may
pass over the public lands; and there is also
hereby granted to said company all neces-
sary ground, not to exceed forty acres at
each station, for station-buildings, workshops,
depots, machine-shops, switches, side-tracks,
tnrn-tahles, water-stations, &c. And when
it may be necessary to use material from
the public lands for the construction of said
road it may be done; but no private property
shall be taken for the use of said company in
said Territory except in the manner now pro-
vided by the laws thereof relative to the taking
of such property for like uses, and in whicH
manner it may be done, with compensation to
the owners as therein provided.
The bill in its second section provides that
the said company shall have power to mort-
gage, in the usual manner, its franchise, road-
bed, and all property of every kind belonging
to said company, to an amount not exceeding
$25,000 per mile for the entire length of said
road, upon such terms as may to said company
seem best; but in no case shall the United
States be liable, in any manner whatever, for
any act or thing done by said company.
The amendments reported by the commit-
tee were read, as follows :
After the word "of" in line eleven insert the
words " the central line of;" so it will read: " on
eaoh sido of the central line of said road and
branches."
t In line thirteen strike out the word " forty," and
insert in lieu thereof the word "twenty;'1 and
strike out tho words " at each station " and insert
for each ten miles in length of the main line of
said road; ' so it will read:" and there is also here-
by granted to said company all necessary ground not
to excoed twenty acres for each ten miles in length
of the main line of said road for station buildings,
workshops," &c.
Add the following as additional sections :
Sec. 3. The rights herein granted shall not pre-
clude the construction of otner roads through any
cation, defile, or pass on the route of said road.
Sec. 4. That said railway company shall locate
the route of said railroad and file a map of such
location within two years, in tho office of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and shall build its railroad
within ten years after the passage of this act; and
nothing herein contained shall be construed as
recognizing or denying the right of the Legislature
of Dakota, Territory to croate railroad corporations.
Sec. 5. The Congress reserves the right to after,
amend, or repeal this act, whenever in its judgment
tho interests of the people may require it.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 move to amend section
four by striking out the word "two," and
inserting the word "one so that it will read :
Tho said railway company shall locate the route
of said railroad and filo a map of such location
within one year in the office of tho Secretary of the
Interior.
I think my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Townsend] who has charge of this bill will
agree to this amendment as being an absolute
necessity. The reason for this amendment is
that until there is an actual location of the
road it is iinposible for the settler to settle
upon the public lands with safety to himself.
He may desire to locate upon a line upon which
the railroad may not pass. He may desire to
locate his land where it will not be affected by
the grant of twenty acres for depot purposes,
and I insist that he shall have that right.
If the Government grants this extraordinary
privilege, giving I believe $25,000 for every
twenty miles 
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. On
every mile.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very great power is con-
ferred here, valuable franchises; and the Gov-
ernment, in consideration of making such
grant may well say to this corporation that
the citizens who want to enter this vacant
country to settle it shall know where the road
shall run. It ought not to be postponed for
two years.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Let
me say to the gentleman from Indiana that I
think he will come to the conclusion that hia
request is unreasonable when I state the fact
that the road is four hundred miles long, and
it wouid perhaps be impossible to locate the
road within that time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Here is a valuable fran-
chise, worth millions of dollars, granted to
this company, and I insist that their powers
shall be exercised in such a manner as that
every citizen who desires to enter this vacant
country for settlement may understand in
advance where these great franchises are to
be enjoyed. I do not care whether the road
be four hundred miles long or longer still.
I do not propose that it shall be allowed to
suspend its operation until it finds where
the emigrants are going, and where the set-
tlements will be. I insist that it shall make
its location and stand there.
Mr. STORM. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania admit an amendment changing
the time within which the road must be com-
pleted from ten to five years? Ten years is a
long time.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. No,
sir, I cannot; but I will admit the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana for a vote, and
I now demand the previous question.
