2630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
Washington City and Point Lookout Railroad
Company to extend a railroad into and within
the District of Columbia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2240) authorizing the
extension of the railway of the Metropolitan
Railroad Company in the District of Colum-
bia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2833) to aid in maintain-
ing the fire department in the District of
Columbia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the-Legislature of Ohio, relating to
the construction of a ship-canal_ around the
falls of Niagara within the territory of the
United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
Margaret Nelson, praying to be allowed a
pension ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented three petitions of
citizens of the United States, asking Congress,
by appropriate legislation, to hereafter pro-
hibit, within the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Government of the United States, the manu-
facture, importation, and sale of all intoxicat-
ing liquors to be used as a beverage; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON. I also present three peti-
tions of citizens of the District of Columbia,
asking Congress to enact such a law as will
suppress the sale of intoxicating liquors as a
beverage in the District of Columbia. I move
that these petitions also be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Those petitions with
regard to temperance in the District of Colum-
bia I suppose ought to be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and I
think they had better go to that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on the Judieiary having the larger subject
before them of prohibiting the sale of liquors
throughout the country, probably that would
include this subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would not em-
brace the District.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois desires the petitions in relation
to the District of Columbia referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILSON. I supposed they should go
to the Committee on the Judiciary ; and one
special reason I had in making the motion was
that the chairman of that committee is always
in favor ot reforms, and this is a reformatory
measure. [Laughter.] However, I move
thattbey be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented three petitions of
late soldiers and sailors of the United States
volunteer Army and Navy, praying that indus
trial homes and training schools may be pro-
vided for the orphans of soldiers and sailors
of the war of the rebellion ; which were
ordered to lie on the table, the subject having
been reported upon by the Committee on Mili-
tary AffUits.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition from
citizens of Boston, fixty-three hundred in
number, asking Congress to preserve inviolate
the great guarantees of religious liberty now
contained in the Constitution of the United
States, and protesting against any proposed
amendments to revolutionize the Government
of the United S'ates, to overthrow the great
principles of complete religious liberty and
the complete separation of Church and State,
which amendments, this petition sets forth,
are now urged upon Congress. I move its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a memorial
of the board of managers of the National
Temperance Society and Publication House,
asking for appropriate legislation to prohibit
the manufacture, importation, and sale of
intoxicating liquois as a beverage in the Ter-
ritories of the United States and in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial and
other papers of Mary Johnson and the heirs
of Alpha Brown for compensation for dam-
ages sustained by Indian depredations; which
were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT. I also present a petition
of one hundred and sixty-two citizens of Iowa,
including the Governor of the State, the State
officers, and every member of the General As-
sembly, in favor of the passage of the bill (H.
R. No. 1738) in relation to pensions to totally
and partially disabled soldiers. I move its
reference to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of South Carolina, praying that the light-
house at the entrance of St. Helena sound
may be rebuilt; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLAYTON presented resolutions of
the jennyLind and Salem Railroad Company,
in favor of the passage of an act, giving that
company the right to build a bridge over the
Arkansas river at Fort Smith; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of
citizens of Johnson county, Iowa, in favor of
granting land, &c., for a home for the treed
people about Washington who are dependent
on the Government for support; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of Lawrie
Tatum, agent for the Comanches, Kiowas, and
Apaches, and Brinton Darlington, agent for
the Cheyennes and Arapahoes, praying the
enactment of a law regulating intermarriages
of white persons with Indians outside of any
State or organized Territory; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a memorial of mer-
chants of New York and Brooklyn, remonstrat-
ing against the extension of A. B. Wilson's
paten ton sewing-machines; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. KELLY presented a petition of citizens
of Oregon, praying an examination of Coquille
river, in Oregon, with the view of improving
its navigation ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Dr.
B. A. Selles, of Randolph county, North Car-
olina, praying for indemnification for fifteen
bales of cotton, valued at $3,200, taken from
him on or about June 30, 1865 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. OSBORN presented the memorial of
the Board of Trade and the city council of
Jacksousville, Florida, asking an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the St. John's
bar ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of J. \V.
Atwiil, praying that the records of the War
Department may be so corrected as to show
the true rank attained by certain officers of
the first North Carolina volunteers ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petitiou of
Michael llcUami, praying that his claim for
compensation for breach of contract by the
quartermaster's department may be consid-
ered; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented the memorial of the Phil-
adelphia Board of Trade on the subject of re-
storing American ocean commerce; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a letter of the Secretary
of State, transmitting a request from the min-
ister of the German empire thatcertain United
States bonds burned in Spitzendorf may be
reissued in duplicate to the executors of the
owner, who was burned with his property and
dwelling April 5, 1870; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of "Vermont, presented a
petition of citizens of Washington, District of
Columbia, praying Congress to define and limit
the tax which the District government may
impose on articles offered for sale in the mar-
kets of the city; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
OKDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask unanimous
consent to take up Senate bill No. 944, to pro-
vide for the claims of the Pottawatomie Indi-
ans residing in Michigan and Indiana, sub-
ject to the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the request of the Senator from Con-
necticut?
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a bill which
has been made a special order, but the Senator
from Conneeticut supposes it might be consid-
ered in the morning hour.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask whether that
had better not take its place as a special
order? There is another bill which I hope to
cail up this morning, the bill to secure equal
rights 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, and objection is made.
EVENING SESSION FOR POSTAL CODH BILL.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that by unanimous
consent an order be entered that the Senate
take a recess at half past four o'clock to-day,
that what remains the unfinished business
at that time shall be the unfinished business
forto-morrow, and that this evening, at half
past seven o'clock, we shall have a session
devoted exclusively to the consideration of the
postal code bill. I propose that the unfin-
ished business of the day's session shall go
over as the business in order for to-morrow;
but this evening shall be assigned to the postal
code bill, and nothing else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Kansas? Saturday was given to thePostOthce
Committee for the postal code bill, but was
absorbed in other business. The Senator from
Kansas now asks that a session he held this
evening at half past seven o'clock for the con-
sideration of the postal code bill exclusively,
and that whatever remains unfinished at half
past four o'clock shall be the unfinished busi-
ness for fo-tnorrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it understood that the
bill is to be passed this evening ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to know whether it
is to be finally acted upon to-night.
Mr. POMEROY. If that is objected to; let
it be understood that we shall take no final
action upon it to-night, but read it through.
Mr. SUMNER. It, may be that some amend-
ments may be moved.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us get through with
the bill in Committee of the Whole and get it
into the Senate on its third reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But not read the third
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is proposed
that the bill shall remain in the Senate, with
the third reading pending, and shall not be
advanced beyond that stage.
Mr. SUMNER. Will it then be still open
to amendment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Of course, if not
read the third time, it will be still open to
amendment. If there be no objection, then,
the unfinished business at half past four o'clock
to day will be regarded as the unfinished busi
ness,"to come up at one o'clock to-morrow, and
the evening session, commencing at half past
seven o'clock, will be devoted to the consider-
ation of the postal code bill, not to be pro-
