838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February" 6,
branch of the subject has been considered by
that committee, it is more proper that this
petition should be referred there. The gen-
eral subject of civil service reform is under
consideration in the Judiciary Committee. * I
am indifferent as to which committee this peti-
tion shall be referred to; but it strikes me, as
the Committee on Finance have been consid-
ering this particular matter, it might just as
well take the direction indicated by the Sen-
ator from New York.
, Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from New York that as the Com-
mittee on Finance have reported, and the sub-
ject is now before the Senate, the petition had
better be laid on the table.
Mr FENfTON. I stated in my remarks
that the petition embraced other matters be-
sides that which related to customs regula-
tions, and as that portion of the petition not
embiaced in the bill reported by the Commit-
tee 011 Finance is under consideration by the
Judiciary Committee, I think it would be quite
as well to refer it to that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, in response to the inquiry of the Senator
from Massachusetts, that it is not remembered
at the desk nor by the Chair that any petitions
on the subjectof civil service reform, so called,
have been specially introduced. Bills on that
subject have been introduced, one by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, and perhaps by other Sen-
ators, and the bill of the Senator from Vermont
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. X-'etitiona on tho subjoct, within the
recollection of the Secretary and of the Chair,
have not been presented until the Senator
from New York presented this one, to which
he has drawn the attention of the Senate. It
is now for the Senate to determine to which
committee this subject shall be referred.
Mr. FENTON. Let it go to tho Judiciary
Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Now York first suggested the Finance
Committee, arid now moves the reference of
the petition to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
its going to tho Committee on tho Judiciary.
Like tho Senator from Massachusetts, I am in
favor of doiugall that we can to purify and
correct abuses in tho civil service; and so far
as I am concerned, if the petition is Bent to
the Judiciary Committee, 1 will promise to
give it such attontion as I can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
dissent, tho petition will he referred to the
Committee on tho Judiciary. It is so referred.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of mem-
bers of the Society of Friends, of Long Island,
praying theiidoption of a constitutional amend-
ment rendering ineligible to Federal office per-
sons who use intoxicating drinks as a bever-
age, and making tho use of such drinks by
persons now in office a cause for impeachment
and removal; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented tho petition of Lysander
Wilson, late private of company B, one hun-
dred and eighteenth New York volunteers,
praying the passage of an act that will enable
him to receive a pension from the date of his
discharge j which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr.. PQMEROY presented a petition of citi-
tt"-8 °f ^aneas< 'ate soldiers and sailors in the
United Stales Army and Navy, praying that a
bounty of $8 38J a month bo granted to all
honorably discharged soldiers and sailors for
the entire time served, and that the twenty-fifth
section of the a.ctof July 15, 1870, be amended
so as to permit soldiers or sailors to enter tho
amount of land therein allowed without the
requirements of settlement and cultivation;
■which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
He also presented concurrent resolutions
trom the Legislature of the State of Kansas,
aakincf for the passage of an act granting a
bounty of $8 3SJ a month to all honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors for the entire time
served, and for an amendment to the twenty-
fifth section of the act approved July 15,1870,
so as to permit soldiers or sailors to enter the
amount of land therein allowed without tho
requirements of settlement and cultivation ;
which were referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I am also charged with
a memorial from the American Temperance
Commission, a large and respectable organ-
ization in this country, in which they set forth
the necessity of some legislation, wherever the
United States has jurisdiction, in regard to this
matter. This subject has been presented in
several forms to the Senate previously, but as
this memorial is something new and emanating
from apublic body, signed by Mr. A. M. Powell
as the president of the commission, and the
other officers, I content myself now by moving
that the memorial be printed and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of
citizens, residents and property-holders in
the District of Columbia, some two hundred in
number, every oneof whom, I understand, lives
in his own house, in which they set forth the
anxiety and alarm with which they regard the
large increase of debt on the part of the Dis-
trict government. They say that the property
of the memorialists will be held accountable
for these debts ; they will be mortgages upon
thdr property, and worse than mortgagee, in ,
this: that they will take priority over all other I
mortgages of however old a date. They ask I
permission to call the attention of tlie Senate j
to the acts and resolutions of tho Legislative I
Assembly at its first eorfsion, which accompany
the memorial, and which show the extent to
which theproperty of the District, as they say.
has been mortgaged—indeed to the amount of
$13,000,000, constituting onesixthof the value
of the whole District of Columbia. Thesn
memorialists set forth these important facts,
and invoke the assistance of Congress to pro-
tect them against what they regard as an abuse.
They do not suggest any special remedy, but
they state their case, and ask for it the earnest
attention of Congress. Tliev would like to
have their memorial at least printed in the
Globe, so that Senators may see at once the
facts which it contains and also the moderation
of the statement. I ask its reference to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
dosires that this memorial be printed in the
Globe. Is there objection ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I object simply bee ause
it is setting a bad example, which, if once
opened, will lead to others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. J have no objection to
its reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial
will be referred to tho Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of
C. B. Knight, president of the Worcester
Young Men's Christian Association, and other
citizens of Massachusetts, praying an amend-
ment to the Constitution providing that no .
candidate shall hereafter be eligible to any 1
Federal office who is addicted to the use of j
intoxicating liquors as a beverage ; and that i
drunkenness in any incumbent of such office '
shall be deemed at any time sufficient cause
for_ immediate impeachment and deposition ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. *
Mr. S UMNER. I also present a petition
from venerable citizens of Massachusetts, very .
numerously signed, calling upon Congress at
last to pay their claims on France. Among '
these names I find for instance as a specimen,
Anne S. Towle, aged eighty-four, granddaugh-
ter of George Makepeace, formerly merchant
of Boston; Harriet Crowninshield, widow of
the late Commander Jacob Crowninshield, of
the? United States Navy, heir- to Captaitl Ben-
jamin Crowninshield, of Salem, and a laYge
number of others. I move that this petition
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed40.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Henry Samuels, Edward Yeizer, William H.
Clairborne, jr., and J. C. "Waters, in behalf
of fifteen hundred others, colored citizens of
Kentucky, praying the passage of the supple-
mentary civil rights bill; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition -of Amos
Bosely and forty others, of Raleigh, North
Carolina, praying the passage of the supple-
mentary civil rights bill; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Frank
Davis and four hundred others, of Little Rock,
Arkansas, praying the passage of the supple-
mentary civil rights bill; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of residents
of Salem, Massachusetts, praying indemnifica-
tion for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1801; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. SAWYER. I present concurrent res-
olutions of the General Assembly of the State
of South Carolina in relation to the repeal of
tho protective duty on rice. One of the resolu-
tions instructs the Senators from that State
and requests the Representatives to use their
influence to secure the continuance of the pro-
tective duty on rice, in view of the importance
of the subject to a large portion of the people
in that State. While disclaiming any desire to
have a general high protective tariff, these res-
olutions at the same time express a wish that
while other articles are protected rice should
be one of them. I move the reference of these
resolutions to the Committee on Finance.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. .SPENCER presented the petition of
John Murratt, praying indemnity for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which was ordered to" lie on the
table.
^ Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of the
Franklin Institute of Philadelphia, praying
compensation to Anna Peale, on account of
the benefits derived by the United States from
the discoveries, inventions, and improvements
in the processes and machinery used" in the
Mint of the United States, introduced and per-
fected by her father, Franklin Peale: which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
the Coleraine Iron Company's works, citizens
of Redington, Northampton county, Pennsyl-
vania, remonstrating against a change of tho
existing tariff laws abating or abolishing duties
upon such articles as are successfully produced
in this country; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of Joseph
Brown and seventy-one others, citizens of the
State of Pennsylvania, praying tha,t a bounty
of gfcl a month be granted to all honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors for the etitire
time served, and an amendment to thetwentv-
fifth section of the act approved July 15, 1870,
so as to permit soldiers or sailors to enter the
amount of land therein allowed without the
requirements of settlement and cultivation;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary A flairs.
He also presented a petition of widows of
soldiers of the war of 181L', and citizens of
Easton, Pennsylvania, praying that tho act
of Congress approved February 14. 1871,
granting pensions to the soldiers of the war
of 1812, and to tho widows of such soldiers,
may be so amended as not to exclude from its
benefits the widows of such soldiers who were
married after the treaty of peace ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
