4422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
gested by some gentlemen, for they will send
it back with the same amendment.
Mr. ELD HEDGE. Then the responsibility
wtll be on tbe Semite.
Mr. KARNSWORTH. The responsibility
is on the Senate now  and will be on those
members of the House who will vote to con-
cur. for myself I am opposed to I lint amend
ment, and shall do all X can to defeat it. 1
think it ill judged. ill-timed, and bad legis-
lation. Nevertheless, as a member of the
House, I canuofe say to theSenate, '"Youshall
not put such an amendment on thebill,". when
theo say that-under their rules they can do so.
It seem^ to me that the ,best thing we can
do with ihis bill is to send it to the Committee
©f the Whole on theatateof the Union. Let
tbe amendments be printed, and meanwhile
the Committee on Appropriations can formally
consider them, and be prepared with their rec
ommendations. Then, in Committee of the
Whole, we can take up these amendments in
their order, or, if the House pleases, can post-
pone this one to tbe last. Bat. anyhow, let
us act upon these amendments of the Senate,
with such debate as the rules of the House
will permit, and under the responsibility which
rests upon us as members of the House.
Mr. N1BLACK. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I understood the Chair to
g y;ihat a single objection would send this bill
to the Committee of the Whole. Was 1 cor-
rect in that ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly! subject always
to a suspension of the rules. AH appropri-
ations must have their first consideration in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. But the House by a two-thirds vote can
waive that.
Mr. RANDALL. After the bill gets into
Committee of the Whole, cannot a majority
bring it into the House again?
The SPEAKER- No bill can be reported
to the House as long as there is pending an
amendment to be voied on.
Mr. POTTER, Aud there is no limit to
the number of amendments to be offered?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of
none.
Mr. CONGER. Is it not in order, by a
majority vote under tbe rules, to refer this bill
wii.li the Senate amendments to the Committee
of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It. is, provided you reach
it. The bill is now on the Speaker's table.
The rules provide that the House may by a
majority vole proceed to the consideration of
business oil the Speaker's table alter the
morning hour. But during the last ten days
of the session there is no morning hour, prac-
tically. To supply the place of the morning
hour, the rules piovide that it sliall be in order
at any time, during the last ten days of the
session, to move to suspend the i ules. No
billon the Speaker's table, therefore, can be
reached except by a two-thirds vote suspend-
ing the rules. It ia no doubt within the power
ol one third of the House to prevent any legis-
lation whatever during the last ten days of Uie
session. The House is absolutely under the
control of one third of its members, as the
rules now exi-,t.
Mr. DAWES. It does seems to me that it
would be perfectly fair to treat the whole bill
as before the House except this one amend-
ment. In lhatway every light of the minority
appertaining to that amendment would be
retained. When we reach that amendment,
having disposed of all the others 
Mr. RANDALL. How can we retain that
right ?
Mr. DAWES. Either by unanimous con-
sent or by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. BECK. Before any action is taken in
regard to this bill I desire to offer a resolution
in reference to it.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see how any gen-
tleman can lose any power he now has by the
arrangement I propose.
Mr. RANDALL. Give us the two-third
power on that amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I will not object to that.
Mr. BU l'LER, of Massachusetts. I object
to that. Here is an amendment which is ob-
jectionable to some merely because it confers
the right of a fair election. Ou tbe Other hand,
the amendment is highly commendable in my
opinion, and i think if we are to have any
filibustering here is a good place to have it,
and we Can then see if, in order to prevent a
lair election, the Opposition here are willing
to destroy this appropriation bill. I do not
seethe necessity of any bargain or any getting
down on ihe knees about this matter. Let us
goon and leave the responsibility to fall where
it belongs. 1 am not afraid to say that 1 voted
to put on an appropriation bill an amendmeut
authorizing the judaes of tbe circuit court to
appoint two men of each political party if ten
men shall say that is necessary to secure a fair
election.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not willing
that that shall bo done in my town.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no doubt there are persons who desire to be
elected by an unfair election; and perhaps
that is the only way in which ttiey can be
elected. But 1 am referring to the question
whether we will filibuster against the entire
appropriation bill upon the question whether
the circuit court judges shall appoint two per-
sons from each political party to superimen d
an election when it is said by ten electois
that without that being done there could not
be a lair election. That is all there is in this
Senate amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. It maintains and extends
the old e ecuon law, which is full of provisions
destructive of a free government.
Mr. BUl'LEli, of Massachusetts. It only
extends tbe provisions of that law to places
of less than twenty thousand inhabitants.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me say that we in
New York know what that is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
a good place to know.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand that the
proposition is to appoint two men to elec-
tioneer in every election precinct in the
United States; that is what it is.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is it in order on this
motion of relerence to discuss the merits of
this Senate amendment 7
I he SPEAKER. The Chairdoes not under-
stand that any debute whatever is in order.
Mr. SI'EVENSON. 1 object to any dis-
cussion of tbe amendment in question.
Mr. BECK. 1 desire to submit a resolution
upon this subject.
Mr. BU I'LER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. BECK. Then 1 move to suspend the
rules for the purpose.
The SPEAKER. One motion to suspend
the lules is already pending.
Mr. MAYNAltD. This is a very simple
matter; it is merely a question whether a
majority of the Representatives of the people
shall make the laws or not. '
Mr. BECK. 1 object to debate, and call for
the regular order.
homesteads to actual settlers.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for. the House will resume the consid-
eration of the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Townsexd,] to suspend
the rules, and pass from the Speaker's table a
Senate bill in relation to homesteads, which
will be read.
The bill was read
Mr. BUCKLEY. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Town-
sexd] 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes.)
No debate is in order.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Buckley]
will be permitted to put his inquiry.
Several members objected to debate.
The question being taken on the motion to-
suspend the rules and pass the bill, there
were—ayes 27, noj-s 49 ; no quorum voting.
■ Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Townsexd,
ofPennsylvania, and Mr. Kerr wereappomted.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-nine, noes not counted.
So (two-thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the motion to suspend the rules and pass the
bill was not agreed to.
CltUKLTY TO ANIMALS.
Mr. WJLSOM, of Ohio. I move to suspend
the rules and lake from the Speaker's table
for consideration at the present time Senate
amendments to the bill (H. 11. No. 694) to
prevent cruelty to animals while in transit by
railroad or other means of transportation
within the United States.
The amendments of the Senate were read
as follows:
After " shall," in line eight, page 2, insert" know-
ingly and willfully."
At the end of the bill add the following new sec-
tion:
Sec. —. That this act shall not go into effect until
the 1st day of October, 1872.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I ask that tbe
amendments of the Senate be concurred in.
Mr. KERR, I ask that the whole bill be
read.
T'be bill was read.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to suspend
the rules and "concur in the Senate amend-
ments.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I hope we shall not
concur. Just as soon as this bill is passed I
suppose the gentleman troin Ohio will intro-
duce a bill to have Federal officers appointed
to help all tbe old women in the country make
soap. [Laughter.]
Mr. POTTER. This bill appears to me to
be a very objectionable one.
The question being taken ou the motion of
Mr. Wilson, of Ohio, there were—ayes 54,
noes 52 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldkedge
and Mr. Wilson, of Ohio, were appointed.
The House again divided ; aud the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 64.
So the motion of Mr. Wilson, of Ohio, was
not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I now ask unani-
mous consent that the amendments be non-
concurred in and sent to a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. ELDREDGE and others objected.
ii. u. meredith.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I move to sus-
pend tbe rules and pass a bill which has been
favorably reported by the Committee of
Claims—bill (H. II. No. 1803) for the relief
of H. H. Merediih, late postmaster at Wade,
Bedford county, Virginia.
Thebill was read. It directs the Postmaster
General not to collect of II. H. Meredith, late
postmaster at. Wade, Bedford county, Virginia,
any balance due from him on accountof money
and stamps which were taken from the post
office at said place by burglars on the nightof
the 20th of December, 1868. The second sec-
tion provides that should any portion of the
balance due from said postmaster for money
or stamps lost by burglars as aforesaid have
been paid by the said H. H. Meredith prior
to the passage of this act, the Postmaster
General is hereby authorized to refund the
same to him.
The motion to juspend the rules and pass
the bill was agreed to, two thirds voting in
favor thereof.
DANIEL 0. CLEVELAND.
Mr. CARROLL. I move to suspend the
rules and pass a bill (H. R. No. 2345) for the
relief of Daniel O. Cleveland, postmaster at
Broadalbin, in the State of New York.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Auditor, of the Treasury for the Post Office
