1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1735
vide for the common defense, and secure the
general welfare of the people," has less re-
striction or limitation thrown around it than
any power or right conferred by the Constitu-
tion upon the Congress of the United States.
The argument that it is a direct tax and should
be apportioned among the several States can-
not be maintained.
The Supreme Court of the United States
have already decided that direct taxes, within
the meaning of the Constitution, are taxes
upon lands and slaves. Therefore, although
an income tax is laid down by the writers on
political economy as a direct, tax, yet within
the meaning of the Constitution, as interpreted
by the Supreme Court, it is an indirect tax or
excise. But the fact that this income tax was
imposed by Congress in 1863, since which time
the Government has collected under it over
$175,000,000, the courts being open and acces-
sible during all that time to any party or par-
ties who thought themselves aggrieved by the
collection of this tax, and no United States
court having decided the law to be unconstitu-
tional, or no State court, so far as I am ad-
vised, having so decided, I regard as conclu-
sive upon this point. And the fact that the
persons from whom this tax has been collected,
with ample means to bring to their aid the best
legal talent of the country, having failed to
resort to the courts for redress against this
tax, is conclusive that they and their legal
advisers have all along believed that Congress
had the right to impose it.
It is urged as an objection to this tax that
no distinction is made between incomes from
land and incomes from trades and professions.
It is argued, and with some plausibility, that
when an income is derived from some perma-
nent source, such as real estate, it should or
may properly pay an income tax; but when
derived from a trade or profession the income
perishes with its use or consumption, and
should not be taxed. This objection was thor-
oughly and elaborately discussed in the British
Parliament by that eminent statesman and
financier, Mr. Pitt, when in 1798 he first pro-
posed an income tax. I shall content myself
in this connection by quoting the conclusive
argument of Mr. Pitt. His reasoning is just
as applicable to the condition of society at this
time as when made. Mr. Pitt says:
"As to the criterion of the general tax, it haslike-
wise been objected to the details that the application
is unequal in respect to the nature of income, its
duration, &c.
" The honorable gentleman says that if two persons
have each £500 per annum, one of whom derives his
income from land and tlic other from industry, they
ought not to be both taxed equally at £50.
" He assumes that oaeh having £450 a year left the
impost is unequal, What does the new tax do ? Are
they not left in relation to each other precisely as
they were before? The tax cieates no new inequal-
ity. The justice or injustice remains precisely as it
was. To complain of this inequality is to complain
of the distribution of property; it is to complain of
the confetitution of society."
Mr. Pitt further says:
" To think of taxing these two species of income
in a different ratio would be to attempt what the
nature of society will not admit, what has never
been practiced in the course of four thousand years.
But on what foundation does this principle, which
the honorable gentleman has broached, rest? Where
is the clear inequality on which he so vehemently
insists? Is the industry of the artist, the manufac-
turer, the mechanic less the creature of the protection
of law, less involved in the great contest in which
we are engaged, less likely to be overthrown in any
disasters of the State than the income which arises
from land?"
Continuing the line of argument, Mr. Pitt
again says:
"It is objected still that it is unjust that the man
who has an annuity or an income, the fruit of his
labor, should pay in the proportion of a man who
has the same revenue from fixed property. This ob-
jection is altogether a fallacy. A permanent estate,
which is represented as never dying, and. as it were,
the property of a man after his death, contributes on
every exigency which may occur; the income from
labor and industry is extinguished ; it contributes
but once; it is no longer tiie pioperty of the same
person ; while the other, which is considered as the
same properly, is subject to renewed demands.
" This reasoning may be thought refined, but the
answer is justly applieabl e in tho ease where the
reason why fixed property should contribute more is
founded on its supposed permanancy in opposition
to the fleeting character of the other. How, then, is
it possible to discriminate between the various kinds
of property; or to enter into the details which could
alone enabls you to apply any scale of exemption
without an investigation more oppressive, a disclos-
ure more extensive than anything which the bill
permits ?_ How much safer is it to submit to those
inequalities which are the lot of man, and which it
is not the business, nor is it in the power of schemes
of finance to correct? Could we even indulge the
wish to correct these inequalities which arise out
of the very nature of society, is this the legislative
remedy? Let us then forbear to attempt what is
perhaps beyond the power of human legislation to
correct."
Another objection urged to the income tax
is that it is inquisitorial, compelling parties to
make an expose of their business. It is to be
regretted, Mr. Speaker, that the rich who have
princely incomes and live in ease and luxury,
knowing nothing and feeling nothing of the
care and anxieties that weigh npon and beset
those of their fellow-citizens who toil and labor
from early morn till sitting sun for a bare sub-
sistence, should be subjected to the annoyance
of a visit, from an internal revenue officer, who,
iti the discharge of his duties to the public,
desires a few plain answers to some plain
questions.
I confess, sir, that my indignation is aroused
when I contemplate the picture presented by
one of our favored bondholders receiving his
interest in gold, paying no part of the taxes
that go to support and maintain the govern-
ment of the State or Commonwealth that has
the proud honor of claiming him as its citizen,
contributing nothing toward the support of
the municipal government of the city in which
he lives, and exempt even from helping to
sustain the schools in the district or township
in which he resides; compelled to pay a mere
mite (compared to what others have to bear)
in the shape of a tax on the income derived
from the interest paid him by the Government
on the bonds he holds. The great hardships
imposed upon the noor unfortunate bond-
holder by this tax so excites my sympathy in
their behalf that I would willingly make a sac-
rifice of my peace and comfort by taking upon
myself all the annoyance to which they are sub-
jected by reason of the income tax, provided
there was transferred to me the golden curse
that caused it.
The espionage into a man's private affairs
under the law imposing this tax is less than
any other tax law, State or Federal. The
framers of this law (I refer to the late income
tax law) were so tenderly considerate of a
rich man's feelings that they devised the mild-
est means ever incorporated into a tax law
for the revenue officer, when he had reason to
believe a man was concealing or making a
fraudulent return of his income, to ascertain
that fact. It was not near so strict, as it
should have been, and 1 hope, sir, when we
come to reenaet the law imposing a tax on
incomes, that its provisions will be made so
strict that frauds will be rendered impossible,
and that no citizen whose income exceeds the
exemption provided for shall evade the pay-
ment of his just quota of tax. There is not a
State in the Union whose revenue laws do
not authorize a greater espionage into a man's
business and private affairs thau any income
tax law ever proposed or adopted by the Con-
gress of the United States. There is not a
Federal statute fixing or regulating a tax or
tariff but what provides for a far more search-
ing espionage than can be complained of in
this.
When, returning from a tour in a foreign
country, you land at the city of New York, or
at any of our sea-board cities, you are met by
a custom-house officer, who examines all your
baggage, literally goes through your trunks,
overhauling your cast-off clothes, and extends
his search even to "your person, to see if he
cannot find upon you, or in your baggage,
some article that should pay duty under our
customs laws. No one complaius of this,
because it is a necessary espionage to protect
the revenues of tho Government against smug- i
gling. The whisky tax authorizes and pro-
vides for an espionage the most searching
and inquisitorial, and assumes that in the pro-
duction of whisky fraud must inevitably be
practiced. Should we be more considerate
for the nice sensibilities of the rich, who enjoy
large incomes, than the manufacturer of
whisky? The manufacture of whisky is a law-
ful trade, and the men engaged in it are just
as reputable and clever gentlemen as you will
find in any other of the various business pur-
suits ; yet there is no ctimplaint made that
the internal revenue law provides for a store-
keeper, a gauger, a detective, and a spy to
watch the distiller, and yet another spy to
watch the store-keepers, gaugers, detectives,
and spy. There is no country or Government
on earth in whose system of revenue laws the
espionage feature cannot be found. All the
States composing this Government have incor-
porated it in their revenue laws.
The State I have the honor in part to repre-
sent on this floor provides for the most search-
ing investigation into a man's property, real
and personal. The officers charged with mak-
ing the assessment are required to swear the
party as to his property, ns kind, and value,
and ply him with a perfect drag-net of ques-
tions to ascertain if anything subject to taxa-
tion has been omitted. Every State, so far as
I am advised, or with whose revenue laws I
am at all familiar, provides for an equally
searching investigation into the amount of
taxable property owned by its citizens. If,
therefore, the law imposing an income tax
should be done away with because of the
slight espionage necessarily authorized under
it, then all our reveuue laws, Federal and
State, should be repealed because of this
objectionable feature.
It is urged that this was a wartax, and now
since peace is restored should be discontin-
ued. Sir, it is as much a war tax to-day as
when first imposed in 1803, its collection just
as necessary now as then. It is an incident
of the war, growing out of the necessities of
the Government to meet the increased expend-
itures arising from the war. The immense
incomes upon which this tax is levied are in
most cases a result of the war. The founda-
tions of the vast wealth from which the incomes
are derived were laid through means of Gov-
ernment contracts awarded during the war,
in which the Government was always the suf-
ferer, and in the purchase of the bonds of the
Government at ruinous rates of discount. Now
since the Government, prosecuted the war to a
successful close, thereby greatly enhancing
the value of it securities, it is but just that these
fortunate speculators should, through means
of the income tax, be made to contribute to
the Government to meet the increased ex-
penses growing out of the war.
But, say gentlemen, this tax is unequal
because the honest only pay it, while the dis-
honest evade its payment, by fraudulent returns
or failing to make any returns whatever. This
objection applies with equal force to ail our
tax laws. The smuggler evades the payment
of duties under our tariff. The dishonest
importer, to evade its payment, makes out
fraudulent invoices and schedules. Will it
be insisted for this that we abolish the tariff
tax ? The dishonest manufactuier of whisky
or tobacco devises means to delraud the
Government out of the tax imposed on those
articles. Will any one seriously urge for this
reason that we repeal the whisky and tobacco
tax V The fact that the dishonest man evades
the payment of a tax is no argument against
the law imposing it; but it should admonish
the legislator to make the provisions of the
law more strict, so as to prevent any evasion
or frauds whatever.
It is further urged that an income tax is
unjust. If this be true, it should never have
been imposed, and should not be renewed.
But, sir, they are not sustained in this objec-
tion by reason or authority. Nearly all the
