1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3527
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Holman
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UTAH NORTHERN RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, also,
from the same committee, reported back
House bill No. 1158, granting the right of
way through the public lands to the Utah
Northern Railroad Company, with amend-
ments, and with the recommendation that it
do pass.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that for the purpose of enabling the
Utah and Northern Railroad Company, a
corporation organized under the laws of the
Territory of Utah, to build and extend its
line, by way of Bear River valley, Soda
Springs, Snake River valley, and through
Montana Territory, to a connection with the
Northern Pacific railroad, by the most ad-
vantageous and practicable line, to be selected
by said company, the right of way through
the public lands in the Territory of Utah,
Idaho, and Montana is granted to said com-
pany. Said right of way is to be the extent of
one hundred feet in width on each side of said
road, where it may pass over the public lauds.
There is also granted to the company all neces-
sary ground, not to exceed forty acres at each
station, for station buildings, workshops, de-
pots, machine-shops, switches, Bide-tracks,
turn-tables, and water-stations; said depots
not to occur oftener than once in every five
miles of road. And whenever it may be neces-
sary to use material from the public lands for
the construction of said road it may be done;
but no private property is to be taken for the
use of said company, except in the manner
now provided by section three of an act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the
use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes,' approved July 1, 1802," approved
July 2, 1867.
The second section authorizes and empowers
the company to mortgage, in the usual man-
ner, their franchise, road-bed, and all prop-
erty belonging to said company, to an amount
not to exceed $15,000 per mile for the entire
length of said road, upon such terms as may
seein to them best; and upon said mortgage
may issue mortgage bonds, not to exceed the
eame amount per mile ; but in no case shall
the United States be liable in any way what-
ever for any act or thing done by said company.
The first amendment was in line thirteen,
after the word "of," to insert "the central
line of;" so that it will read :
Said right of way hereby grunted to said company
is to be to the extent of one hundred feet in width on
each side of the central line of said road where it
may pass over the publio lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
line fifteen the words "forty acres at each
station" and insert "twenty acres for each
ten miles in length of the main line of said
railroad."
The amendment was agreed to.
In lines eighteen and nineteen, strike out the
words "said depots not to occur oftener than
once in every five miles of road."
The amendment was agreed to.
Add as additional sections :
Sec. 3. The rights hereby granted shall not pre-
clude the construction of other roaus through any
canon, defile, or pass on the route of said road.
m3 ra)Uroa? company shall looate the
route ot said railroad, and file a map of suoh looa-
rthTteyr?' 'l1,6 offioe of tho Seoretary
withiS El i"0'- "Jld f,haU complete its railroad
years after the passage of this bill, and
nothing herein contained shall bo construed as roc-
A?T??ihSt0r- <*enyln8> tho authority of the Legislature
ot Utah to incorporate railroad companies.
Congress reserves to itself tho right
to alter, amend, or repeal this act whenever in
its judgment the interests of the people may re-
quire it. y *
Mr. STORM. I would inquire whether
under the rightto enter upon the public land
and take material this road is not given the
right to take timber?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. This
is the usual phrase adopted in bills that have
been passed by the House upon this subject.
How broadly it may be extended I do not
know.
Mr. STORM. Then I move to amend by
inserting after the word "material" the words
"except timber."
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I do
not yield for that amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose the same lim-
itation ought to be imposed upon this grant as
upon the others as to the time the plat should
be filed. I move to amend this so as to make
the time one year instead of two years.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Ihave
no objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I desire to move an
amendment to the first section of the bill.
Mr. TOWNSENl), of Pennsylvania. I will
hear the amendment read.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move to amend the
first section by adding to it the following :
Provided, That in return for the privileges of this
act, said railroad shall plant and protect on each
sido of their road fifty feet in souio quiok-growing
timber throughout its length,
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
cannot accept that amendment. I now call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
missouri valley railroad.
Mr. HAWLEY, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2784)
granting the right of way to the Missouri Val-
ley Railroad Company; which was read a first
aud second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask the gentleman who
reports this bill to explain why it is that there
is not some limit placed upon the distance in
which this company is allowed to take its ten
acres of land for each depot. There should
be a limit, either once in five miles, ten miles,
or twenty miles, and not allow them to take
as many ten acres in each mile, or five miles,
as they please.
Mr. HAWLEY. This only allows ten acres
for each depot.
Mr. DICKEY. How close are the depots
to be?
Mr. HAWLBY. It has been customary
heretofore to allow forty acres for each depot,
which I always thought was a very large
amount. I believe all the bills which have
heretofore passed have allowed at least twenty
acres ; this allows only ten acres.
Mr. DICKEY. This allows ten acres for
every depot. I would limit it to ten acres for
not less than five miles of the road.
Mr. HAWLEY. I have no objection to
that amendment, but it is hardly to be sup-
posed that a railroad company would go to the
expense of erecting a depot and station-build-
ings every three or four miles for the sake of
getting ten acres of public land,
Mr. DICKEY. 1 hat would depend entirely
upon the kind of land. In my country they
would want one every mile or every half mile,
if they could get ten acres of land for it.
The amend m ent of Mr. Dickey was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to offer a farther
amendment. I move that in case any land
taken for the purpose of a depot shall cease to
be used for that purpose it shall revert to the
Government of tho United States.
Mr, HAWLEY. I object to that amend-
ment ; it 1s entirely useless. I now call the
previous question.
Mr. DICKEY. Very well; then we will
vote down the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that the gentleman
will have some limitation placed upon the
time within which the plat of this road is to
be filed.
Mr. HAWLEY. Very well; let the gentle-
man move to make it one year instead of two
years.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAWLEY. I now call the previous
question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 41, noes 41; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dickey and
Mr. IIa.wi.ey were appointed.
Tho House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 85, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
. The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
taken, upon a division there were—ayes 82,
noes 17 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Storm and
Mr. Hawlby were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 92, noes 34.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HAWLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
homestead settlers.
Mr. HAWLEY, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill (II. R. No. 2785)
for the tolief of certain liomesead settlers on
the public lands; which was road a first and
second time.
The first section of the hill provides that in
all cases where parties may have heretofore
made homestead entries of the public lands,
which entries have not been canceled, and
have made their affidavits before clerks of the
county courts, or other persons authorized to
administer oaths, without having previously
made the settlement required by the third
section of the act of March 21, 1804, such
failure shall not be construed to work a for-
feiture of their claims, provided that since
their entries such parties have in all other
respects complied substantially with the re-
quirements of the homestead law.
The second section provides that in all cases
of entries heretofore made of the public lands
of the United States under the homestead law
and its amendments, where it shall appear that
the parties have substantially complied with
the requirements of the law, but have failed to
go upon the land within six months fropi the
date of entry, or have otherwise failed in the
minor requirements of the law, such failure
shall not be construed to work a forfeiture,
but the entry shall he subject to the equitable
consideration of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, who may, if tie is satisfied
