1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
and also of all receipts in money for post-
ages and box rents, and of all other receipts
on account of the postal service, and of any
other transactions which may be required by
the Postmaster General; and these records
shall be pieserved and delivered to his sue
cessor, and shall be at all times subject to
eximinaiion by auy special agent of the De-
partment.
Sec. 72. That each postmaster shall render
to the Posi master General, under oath, and
in eucli form as the latter shall prescribe, a
quarteily account of all moneys received or
charged by him or at his office, for postage,
rent of boxes or other receptacles for mail
matter, or by reason of keeping a branch
office, or for the delivery of mail matter in
any manner whatever.
Sec. 73. That the Postmaster General may
require a sworn statement to accompany each
quarterly account of a postmaster, to the effect
mat such account contains a true statement
of the entire amount of postage, box rents,
charges, and moneys collected or received at
his office during the quarter; that lie has not
knowingly delivered, or permitted to be deliv-
ered, any mail matter on which the postage
wus not at the time p'aid; thru such account
exhibits truly and faithfully the entire receipts
collected at his office, and which, by due dili-
gence, could have been collected ; and that the
credits he claims are just and right. And any
fdise swearing therein shall render him liable
to the pains and penalties of perjury.
Sec. 74. That if any postmaster shall neg-
lect to render hisaccounts, for one month after
the time, and in the form and manner pre-
scribed by law and the regulations of the Post-
mastei General, such postmaster and his sure-
ties shall forfeit and pay double the amount
of the gross receipts at said office during any
pre\ious or subsequent equal period of time ;
and if, at the time of tiial. no account shall
have been reudered, they shall forfeit and pay
such sum as the court and jury shall estimate
to be equivalent thereto, to be recovered in an
action ot debt on the bond.
Sec. 7o. Tnat postmasters shall keep safely,
without loaning, using, depositing in an unau-
thonzed flunk, or exchanging for other funds,
all the public money collected by tliein, or
which may come into their possession until it
is ordered by the Postmaster General to be
transfei red or paid out.
Sec. 7tS. Thai the postmaster at Washington
and postmasters at cities where there is an
Assistant Treasurer shall deposit the postal rev-
enues and all money accruing at their office
with such Assistant. Treasurer as often as once
a week at least, and as much oftener as the
Peotmaster General may direct.
Sec. 77. That postmasters shall promptly
repot t to the Postmaster General every delin-
quency, neglect, or malpractice of the con-
Uuciors, their agents, or carriers, which may
come to their knowledge.
Sec. 78. That no postmaster, assistant post-
master, or clerk employed in any post office
shall be a contractor or concerned in auy con-
tract for carrying the mail.
Six'. 7«. That no postmaster shall act as
agent for any lottery office, or under any color
ot purchase, or otherwise, vend lottery tick-
ets; nor shall he receive or send any lottery
scheme, circular, or ticket free^ of postage;
and for any violation of the provisions of tliis
section the person offending shall forfeit and
pay fitly doliars.
Sec. 80. That the compensation of postmas-
ters shall be a fixed annual salary, to be divided
into live classes, exclusive of the postmaster at
iSew York city, whose salary shall be six thou-
sand dollars per annum, i'he salary oi the
first class shall be not more than four thousand
dollars nor less than three thousand dollars;
of the second class, less than three thousand
Laws of the United States.
dollars, but not less than two thousand dol-
lars; of the third class, less than two thousand
dollars, but not less than one thousand dol-
lars ; of the fourth class, less than one thou-
sand dollars, but not less than two hundred
dollars; of the fifth class, less than two hun-
dred dollars; and the salaries of the first, sec-
ond. and third classes shall be in even hun-
dreds of dollars; of the fourth cla^s, in even
tens of dollars ; and of the fifth class, in even
dollars.
Sec. 81. That at all newly established offices
the Postmaster General may temporarily fix
the salary until the returns of such office shall
enable him to properly adjust the same, but
the compensation shall in no case be thus
temporarily fixed at more than the salary of an
office of the fifth class.
Sec. 82. That the salaries of postmasters
shall be re-adjusted by the Postmaster General
once in two years, and in special cases as
much oftener as he may deem expedient; and
when the quarterly returns of any postmaster
of the third, fourth, or fifth class show that the
salary allpwed is twenty per centum less than
it would be on the basis of commission, the
Postmaster General shall re-adjust the same.
Sec. 83 That in re-adjusting the salary of
a postmaster, the amount thereof shall be
ascertained by adding, to the whole amouut
of box rents, commissions on the other postal
revenues of the office at the following rates:
on the first one hundred dollars or less, sixty
per centum; on ail over one hundred dol-
lars, and not over four hundred dollars, fifty
per centum ; on all over four hundred dol-
lars and not over two thousand four hundred
dollars, forty per centum; on all over two
thousand four hundred dollars, fifteen per cen-
tum. And in order to asceitain the amouut
of the postal receipts of each office, the Post-
master General shall require postmasters to
state, under oath, at such times and for such
periods as he may deem necessary in each c<ise,
the amount of stamps cancelled, the amount
of box rents received the amount of unpaid
postages collected, and the amount of postage
on printed and other mailable matter: Pro-
vided, however, That whenever, by reason of
the extension of free delivery of letters, the
box rents of any post office are decreased, the
Postmaster General may allow, ou-t of the
receipts of such office, a sum sufficient to
maintain the salary thereof at the amount at
which it had been fixed before the decrease
iu box rents.
Sec. 84. That the Postmaster General shall
make all orders assigning or changing the sal-
aries of postmasters in writing, and record
them in his journal, and notify the change to
the Auditor; and any change made in such
salaries shall not take effect until the first day
of the quarter next following such order: Pro-
vided, l'hat in cases of an extraordinary in-
crease or decrease in the business of any post
office, the Postmaster General may adjust the
salary of the postmaster at such post office, to
take effect from the first day oi the quarter or
period the returns for which form the basis of
re-adjustment.
Sec. 85. That no postmaster shall, under
any pretence whatever, have, receive, or re-
tain for himself, iu the aggregate, more_ than
the amount of his salary and his commission
Oil the money-order business as hereinafter
provided.
Sec. 80. That the Postmaster General may
designate offices at the intersection of^maii
routes as distributing or separating offices;
and where any such office is of the third,
fourth, or fifth cla3S. he may make a reason-
able allowance to the postmaster for the neces-
sary cost of clerical services arising from sucn
duties.
Sec. 87. That the Postmaster ^General may
allow to the postmaster at New York city, and
42d Cong...2d Sess.
to the postmasters at offices of the first and sec-
ond classes, out of the surplus revenues of their
respective offices, that is to say, the excess of
box rents and commissions over and above the
salary assigned to the office, a reasonable sum
for the necessary cost of rent, fuel, lights, *
furniture, stationery, printing, clerks, and
necessary incidentals, to be adjusted on a satis-
factory exhibit of the facts, and no such allow-
ance shall be made except upon the order of
the Postmaster General.
Sec. 88. That the salary of a postmaster,
and such other expenses of the postal service
authorized by law as may be incurred by him,
and for which appropriations have been made,
may be deducted out of the receipts of his
office, under the direction of the Postmaster
General.
Sec. 89. That vouchers for all deductions
made by a postmaster out of the receipts of
his office, on account of the expenses of the
postal service, shall be submitted for examin-
ation arid settlement to the Auditor for the
Post Office Department, and no such deduction
shall be valid unless found to be in conformity
with law.
Sec. 90. That whenever, by reason of the
presence of a military or naval force near any
post office, or from any other cause, unusual
business accrues thereat, the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall make a special order allowing
reasonable compensation for clerical service,
and a proportionate increase of salary to the
postmaster during the time of such extra-
ordinary business.
Sec. 91. That the Postmaster General may
discontinue auy post office where the safety
and security of the postal service and revenues
are endangered from any cause whatever, or
where the efficiency of ihe service shall require
sucli discontinuance, and he shall promptly
certify such discontinuance to the Auditor for
the Post Office Department.
Sec. 92. That letter-carriers shall be em-
ployed for the free delivery of mail matter, as
frequently as the public convenience may
require, at every place containing a population
of fifty thousand within the delivery of its
post office, and at such other places as the
Postmaster General may direct.
Sec. 93. That the salary of letter-carriers
shall be fixed by the Postmaster General, and
shall not exceed eight hundred dollars per
annum; but oil satisfactory evidence of dil-
igence, fidelity, and experience, he may in-
crease their salary to any sum .not exceeding
one thousand dollars per anuum; and in San
Francisco, California, he may pay such addi-
tional salaries to carriers as will secure the
services of competent persons.
Sec. 94. That the Postmaster General may
prescribe a uniform dress to be worn by letter-
carriers, and any person not connected with
the letter-carrier branch of the postal service
who shall wear the uniform which may be
prescribed shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and, on conviction thereof, for
every such offence shall be fined not more than
one hundred dollars, or imprisoned not more
than six months, or both, at the discretion of
the court.
Sec. 95. That the Postmaster General may
establish, in places where letter carriers are
employed, and also in other places where, in
his judgment, the public convenience requires
it, receiving boxes, for the deposit of mail
matter, and shall cause the matter deposited
therein to be collected as often as public con-
venience may require.
Sec. 9(3. That any person who shall wil-
fully and maliciously injure, tear down, or
destroy, any letter-box, pillar-box, or other
receptacle established by the Postmaster
General for the safe deposit of matter for the
mail or for delivery, or who shall wilfully and
maliciously assault any letter-carrier, when m
