1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4428
Department to credit Daniel 0. Cleveland,
postmaster at Broadalbin, in the State of New
York, in his account as such postmaster, with
ihe sum of $140, being the value of postage
stamps stolen from the safe of said post Office
by burglars on the night of the 8th of March,
1872, without fault or negligence on the part
of Cleveland.
By the second section the proper accouniing
officers of the Treasury Department are author-
ized and directed to credit Daniel O. Cleveland
in his account for United States internal reve-
nue stamps, with the sum of 55:213, being the
amonnt and value of such revenue stamps
stolen from the safe by burglars on the night
aforesaid, without fault or negligence on the
part of Cleveland.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move that this
bill be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CARROLL. The bill has already been
carefully examined by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post lloads. Their unanimous
report in favor of the bill is among the papers.
1 ask that it be read if there is any objection
to the bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I think the bill
ought to be considered by the Committee of
Claims. It certainly does not belong to the
Post Office Committee. It contains a pro-
vision in regard to revenue stamps.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Some revenue
stamps as well as some postage stamps, were
stolen, the whole amount being I believe only
$300.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Is there a report
from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. If the chairman
of the committee says the bill is all right I
withdraw my motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We authorized the
reporting of the bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I withdraw my
motion.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Carroll, to suspend the rules and pass
the bill, it was agreed to, two thirds voting in
favor thereof.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Eurolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled billsofthe House
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 575) for the relief of
Seth M. Whitten, late private of the fourth
regiment Michigan infantry ;
An act (H. Ii. No. 1063) to reimburse the
State of Kansas for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and
provisioning militia forces to aid in suppress-
ing the rebellion ;
An act (H. R. No. 1262) for the relief of
Charles Hipp, of St. Mary's, Auglaize county,
Oho;
An act (H. Ii. No. 1272) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish and to protect
national cemeteries," approved February 22,
1867;
An act (H. R. No. 1298] for the relief of
the estate of Eli Moore ;
An act (H. R. No. 1513) authorizing the
Secretary of War to expend certain moneys
for the purpose of sinking an artesian well on
the Fort D. A. Russell military reservation, in
Wyoming Territory;
An act (H. R. No. 1758) to authorize the
appointment of deputies of clerks of circuit
and district courts;
An act (H. R. No. 1773) for the relief of
Andrew J. Jamison;
An act (M. R. No. 1829) for the settlements
of the account of .Major Abram Beeler, late
paymaster of United States volunteers;
An act (H. R. No. 1865) for the relief of the
sureties ot James T. Miller, late collector and
deposiiary at Wilmington, North Carolina ;
An act (H. R. No. 1862) for the better
security of bank reserves, and to facilitate
bank clearing-house exchanges;
An act (R. R. No. 2034) for the relief of
Edward G. Allen, of London, England;
Au act (H. R. No. 2136) to authorize an
appointment in the Inspector General's de-
partment;
Au act (H. R. No. 2700) donating con-
demned cannon and cannon balls to certain
organizations for monumental purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 2706) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the disposition
of useless military reservations," approved
February 24, 1871;
An act (H. R. No. 2719) for cancellation
of bonds for manufactured tobacco lost on
steamer George P. Upton between the cities
of Richmond and New York ;
An act (H. 11. No. 2773) to amend section
five of an act entitled "Au act making appro-
priations for the civi land diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year 1841," ap-
proved March 3, 1841, and to authorize the
proper construction thereof;
An act (H. R. No. 2807) for the relief of
Robert B. Williamson;
An act (H. R. No. 2847) to authorize the
Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad
Company to run trains and transport freight
and passengers within the District of Coium-
biai
An act (H. R. No. 2850) authorizing the
construction of a public building at Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, for the use of the post
office and United States courts in said city ;
An act (H. R. No. 2858) authorizing the
Secretary of War to release twenty-five acres
of the lauds of the United States at Plattsburg,
New York, to the New York and Canada Rail-
road Company, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 2860) tor the relief of
W. A. Howard;
Au act (H. R. No. 2941) for the relief of
Frederick Pech; and
An act (H. R. No. 2956) to authorize the
building of the New Mexico and Gulf railway,
and for other purposes.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. BECK. I find I cannot get an oppor-
tunity to reply to the statements of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Daivbs]
relative to the expenditures of the Govern-
ment. and I now ask leave to print in the
Globe some remarks on that subject.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
print m the Globe a reply if I find any shall
be necessary.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
Mr. KiSRR. I ask the same permission.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
UOMESTKAD ENTRY BY SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
Mr. AVERILL. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill (H. R. No. 2981) restor-
ing the right of homestead entry to certain
soldiers and sailors of the late war of the
rebellion.
There was no objection; and the bill was
received, and read a first and second time.
The preamble to the bill, which was read,
states that by the act approved March 21,1864,
amendatory of the homestead act the privilege
was given to such persons as may have had an
actual settlement and cultivation upon a, tract
of land, and who was called into the military
or naval service of the United States, before
making ahumestead entry of the land, to make
before his commanding officer the affidavit
required by the original act to be made before
the district laud officers, and to forward the same
with his application and theproper lees, through
his wife or legal representative, to such district
land officers when the entry should be made;
that such liberal construction was given to tha
said law as that when the party had no prior
settlement upon the land, and it was not even
in possession of any party holding for the
applicant,, he would be allowed to makean entry
of the tract, and the time he was necessarily
absent in the service was allowed as a part of
the five years' settlement and cultivation re-
quired by the original act; and urtder this con-
struction many persons, soldiers and sailors
and officers, made homestead entries on the
public lands through their agents, believing
that the same were legal, bat Said entries were
subsequently canceled from the records on the
ground that the law would not sustain so lib-
eral an interpretation.
The bill then provides that the right of
making a homestead entry under existing laws
is hereby restored to all such persons whose
entries have been canceled for the causes stated,
except those whose entries may have been can-
celed for or made in fraud of law ; provided
that the applicant under this act shall, before
being allowed to make a new entry, establish
his identity and furnish description of the land
originally entered, under such rules and regu-
lations as the Commissioner of the General
Land Office may prescribe.
Mr. AVERILL. The bill has the entire
approval of the Committee on Public Lands.
It was drawn np under the supervision of the
Commissioner of the Land Office and is rec-
ommended by him. I think it is self-explained,
and I hope there will be no objection to it.
The following is the letter of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office :
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, D. C., April 29,1872.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of
your letter of 25th instant, inclosing copy of a bill
restoring to certain soldiers and sailors the right of
homestead entry and asking my opinion upon the
bill.
I have fully considered the subjoct and herewith
inclose a f>rm of bill, with preambles explanatory
of tbo reasons tor same, and which I think will
more properly and fully meet your purpose. X fully
approve of the purpose of the bill, feeling that the
parties have been led into the error by no fault of
theirs, and would recommend its passage.
I am, sir, very respectfully.
WILLIS DRUMMOND,
Commissioner.
Hon. J. T. Avebill, House of ^Representatives.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill was
passed.
SUNDRY CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. For the purpose of
getting out of the dead-lock in regard to the
sundry civil appropriation bill, 1 offer the
resolution which I send to the desk. It con-
tains in substance the proposition made by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and which I think is a very fair one.
Mr. PERCE. I raise the point of order
that this resolution is not in order, the bill
not being before the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the resolution which I
send to the desk be adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the House bill No. 2705, makinc ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June30,1873, and
for other purposes, with the Senate's amendments
thereto, be referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and when the same are reported back to the
House the amendments of the Senate in relation to
the act entitled " An act to enforce the rights of cit-
izens of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes, " shall
not be concurred in unless they receive the votes of
two thirds of the members voting thereon.
The question being taken on suspending tha
rules and adopting the resolution, there were
—ayes 68, noes 63.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
nays. As I have stated, this proposition em-
anates from the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that it is not in order to entertain a
resolution that the linaj adoption of any legis-
lation shall require a two-thirds vote. Such a
