1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2631
gressed with further than to remain in the
Senate with the question of its third reading
pending.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to make one sug-
gestion. I suggest that it be reported to the
Senate and the amendments agreed to in Com-
mittee of the Whole not acted upon, because
we might be bound by that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That statement
will appear in the Globe, and the Chab will
be limited by that, and at the close of the
night session the unfinished business at half
past four o'clock will resume its place as the
unfinished business of the day. Is there ob-
jection to that proposition? The Chair hears
none.
deficiency bill.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senate to take up the
deficiency bill, subject to the morning business.
It ought to be finished this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call still
"esting with petitions, the Senator from Cali-
fornia asks that by unanimous consent the de-
ficiency bill be taken up subject to the remain-
der of the current morning business. Is there
objection to that proposition? The Chair hears
none. If there be no further petitions, reports
from committees are now in order.
reports of committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 607) for the relief of'
Bl'jah J. Woolam, of Cross Plains, in the
State of Alabama, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed, and the bill
was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affaits, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Ben flolladay, praying relief for inju-
ries committed by Indians while carrying the
United States mail, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims ; which
was agreed to.
amendment to appropriation dill.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 have here an amendment
which I intend to offer to the bill (H. R. No.
1191) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice tor the year ending June 80, 1873, and
ior other purposes; which I ask to have printed
and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs as well as to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. ED MUNDS. I ask to have that amend
ment read. If it is so highly important as that
it must be referred to two committees, we
ought to know what it is now.
The Chief Clerk read the intended amend-
ment, which was to insert as an additional sec-
tion the following:
That the proper accounting officer of the. Treas-
sury be, and lie is hereby, authorized and directed,
in settling the account of Rear Admnal Charles
Wilkes, to credit lum with the pay ot a rear admiral
on the retired list, he having been promoted for
meritorious and distinguished services.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so referred and ordered to be printed.
BILLS I^TRODUCWD.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1016) to extend the works ot the
Georgetown Gas-Light Company; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1017) for the relief of Alexander
McLeod ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
order of business.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I rose to mate a mo-
tion to consider seven bills reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary. The day as-
signed to that committee was not suflicient to
get through all their bills, and I have here
seven bills reported favorably from the com-
mittee, which I think could be passed between
now and one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that a few
moments since the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations asked to have the
remainder of the morning hour after the cur-
rent morning business set aside for the de-
ficiency appropriation bill, which was granted.
That does not bar the Senator, however, from
making his request. The Chair will ask the
Senator from California to notice the request
of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have seven bills from
the Committee on the Judiciary, none of which;
I think, will give rise to debate. If any one of
them should, I would be willing to lay aside
that bill. These bills ought to be passed.
They are all reported favorably. We had not
time to reach them the other day, and I think
between now and one o'clock the Senate could
pass all of them probably, if the Senator will
allow me to take them up now. 1 do not sup-
pose that he expects to get through with the
deficiency bill during the morning hour.
Air. COLE. I think we can, if we have the
time allotted to us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not enter into a
controversy with the Senator if he expects to
get through with that bill. But these are bills
I think that he would be for, certainly the
most of them.
Mr. COLE. At almostany other time, I pre-
sume, I should be; but not now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not antagonize
with the Senator.
navy department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to communicate to the Senate whether any,
and if so, what, assistance has heen rendered by.the
Navy Department in pursuance of the provisions
of tile second section ot the act entitled An act to
encourage and facilitate telegraphic communica-
tion between the eastern and western continents,
approved July 1,1864, and at what expense to the
"United States.
yellowstone report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the report on the
Yellowstone river, have instructed me to re-
port two resolutions.
The resolutions were read, as follows :
Resolved, That the reports transmitted by the
chief of engineers on the valley of the Yellowstone
rl\llsohed, That six thousand additional copies of
the reports transmitted by the chief of engineers on
the valley of the Yellowstone river be printed tor
the use of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whose report is that?
Mr. ANTHONY. I have forgotten the
name of the officer. It is the report just sub-
mThe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sented it the other day. The Secretary thinks
it was Lieutenant Simpson's report. It was
transmitted with a request that it should be
printed, as it embraces interesting information
not yet communicated to Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the resolutions.
The resolutions were agreed to.
agricultural convention.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution to print extra
copies of the proceedings of delegates from
agricultural colleges, &c., have instructed me
to report a Senate resolution and a concur-
rent resolution as a substitute for the original.
The substitutes only need be read. _
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion :
Resohed, That the proceedings of the convention
nf Hplesrates from agricultural college^, State agri
..nnmi societies &c., held in the city of
fon oTthel5?h, 16th? ind 17th of February, 1872, and
communicated to the Senate by the Commissioner
of Agriculture, be printed, and that four thousand
additional copies bo printed, of which fifteen hun-
dred shall be for the use of the Senate, and twenty-
five hundred shall be for the use of the Commissioner
of Agriculture.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
The Secretary read the following resolution:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed twenty-one
thousand additional copies of the report of the pro-
ceedings of tho convention of delegates from agri-
cultural colleges. State agricultural societies. &c.,
held in the city of Washington on tho 15th.16th, and
17th of February, 1872, and communicated to the
Senate by the Commissioner of Agriculture,of which
five hundred copies shall bo for the use of tho Sen-
ate, and six thousand copies for the use of the House,
aud fourteen thousand five hundred copies for the
use of the Commissioner of Agriculture, (of which
one hundred copies shall bo supplied to each dele-
gate to the convention.)
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
buficikncy appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having concluded, the Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the deficiency bill,
the pending question being on the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
in regard to the Court of Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to appeal to the
Senator from California to allow me to call
up a bill that I reported some time since, on
which 1 wish to occupy about fifteen minutes
in explanation.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
ask it now. 1 have had to refuse two or
three who have made applications of a similar
nature.
Mr. POMEROY. When a Senator gives
notice that he desires to address the Senate,
we always yield, and I hope the Senator from
California will not object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California desires the Senator from Min-
nesota to postpone the request until after one
o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator guarantee
me fifteen minutes then?
Mr. COLE. I cannot make a guarantee
for the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The deficiency
bill is before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. The Senator will have_ the
whole evening for the purpose of consider-
ing a bill lie has in charge ; and that will afford
him a first rate opportunity tomake his speech.
I suppose he did not think of that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California insist on going on with the
deficiency bill?
Mr. COLE. I should like to start in on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is before
the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1654) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and for former years, and
for other purposes, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Mobrill, of Ver-
mont, to insert as an additional section the
following:
Seu. —. Thatthejurisdictionof tho Court of Claims
shall not extend to or include any claim ior any
abandoned or captured property received or col-
lected either by tho civil or militaiy authorities ot
the United States, under tho act approved March U
186-i. entitled "An act to provide for the eo lection
of abandoned property, and for prevenlip" of
frauds in insurrectionary districts wlthm the United
States," nor under any act amendatory thereof or in
relation thereto; but tho said court shall have juris-
diction only in cases duly commenced m said court
within two years after the suppression of the rebel-
lion when it shall be established as a fact, by proof
satisfactory to said court, that the owner of such
property has never, in tact, given any aid ore.omtort
to said rebellion ; and no judgment of said court, in
any case, under said acts shall be paid, unless such
finding shall be stated as a proven fact m the judg-
ment of said court.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I said a
