840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
604) to remove the disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
upon Lafayette HcLaws, of Georgia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. CRA.GIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
£96) to fix the pay of certain rear admirals on
the retired list of the Navy; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 596) to amend existing laws relating to
the compensation of officers of the customs,
and for other purposes; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee ou Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No., 597) to authorize the Little Rock, Pino
Bluff, and Arkadelpliia Southwestern Railroad
Company to construct a bridge over the Oua-
chita river, at or near Arkadelpliia, Arkansas;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 598) to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to receive the funded bonds of the
State of Arkansas .111 exchange for certain
bonds now held by him in trust for the Chick-
asaw Indians, and to issue the agricultural
college scrip apportioned to that State and
held by him as security for the payment of
the said bonds; which was road twice by its
title,_ referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 590) granting a pension to Julia Belle
Dunlap; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee 011 Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. COO)
to establish u certain post route therein named;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(8. No. 601) to create the tenth judicial circuit.,
and for other purposes; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leavo to introduce a bill (8. No. (>02)
to provide for the appointment of a district
judge for the western circuit of South Car-
olina, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
roii'r OF ORFOKD, OKJSGOX.
Mr. CORBETT. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present considera-
tion:
, Hoaolvedj 'III at the Secretary of War be, unci hereby
is, instructed to causo to be surveyed as soon as prac-
ticable the harbor at Port Orford, Oregon, with the
view ot making it sccure as a harbor of refugo.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This appears to
he a resolution directory in its character.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought to be referred
to the Committee on Commerce; aud I move
its^ reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
TREATY 01? WASHINGTON.
Mr. EDMUNDS. ^ I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration :
. Renoheel,^ That the President bo requested if not-
ill his opinion incompatible with the public' inter-
est, to communicate to the Senate any information
IS <1 Possession respecting the alleged intention of
to revoke the treaty
lately ooncluded between that Government and the
united States, unless the «laims of this Government
arising under said treaty shall be presented to the
arbitrators at Geneva upon a principle and in a
manner agreeable to the other party.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I think
it extremely desirable that we should have
some information upon this subject. Nobody
feels more deeply than I do the value of peace
between these two Governments. I think the
people of this nation, when they surrendered
what they considered to be a matter of national
honor and national right, which ought not to
have been submitted, as they thought, to any
arbitration whatever except themselves, were
making a great concession in the interest of
peace between nations, and this treaty, which
we are told by the newspaper reports is now
under discussion with a view to its revocation,
was the product, as far as woare concerned, of
this desire for peace. Every word in the
treaty from beginning to end shows us that
the people of the United States had given up
what they considered to be valuable rights and
privileges^ in the interest of arbitration be-
tween nations for the settlement of their dis-
putes ; so that this treaty, which it is now said
the Government of Great Britain proposes to
revoke, or, as the newspapers perhaps more
properly characterize it, repudiate, is the prod-
uct of large concession upon our side.
It is stated in the newspapers, as we all
know, that the ground of this proposal to
repudiate is that the case of the United States
offered under the treaty to the arbitrators is
one which makes pretensions for damage that
we have no right to make; that is to say, that
the claim for consequential damages for the
acts of the British cruisers, called the Ala-
bama claims, are not those which the treaty
will fairly embrace, and are not those there-
fore which ought to be allowed—one of the
very questions which you might suppose would
be proper for that tribunal to try. That was
tho_ object of having a tribunal, to try and
decide something.
But now, Mr. President, Jet us see whether
this pretension is well founded. I hold in my
hand the " case " which has been made the
subject of this complaint. It commences with
a reference to tha negotiations and protocols
which took place in the founding of the com-
mission out of which this treaty grew, and con-
tains copious extracts from the daily proceed-
ings of the commissioners on the one side and
the other which go by the name of the proto-
cols. I11 that I find quoted from a protocol,
which is also in print and I believe is public,
the following ;
"At tho conferonoe hold on the 8th of March the
American commissioners stated that the people and
Uovernment of tho Unitod States folt that they had
sustained a great wrong, and that groat losses and
injuries wore inflicted upon their oommereeand their
Material interests by tbo courso and conduct of
Ureat Britain during tho recent rebellion in tho
United btates; that what had occurred in Great
Jjrit&in and her colonies during that period had
given rise lo ioelmgs in tho United States whiohttae
people or tho United States did notdceiro to cherish
toward Great Britain"—
t That is to say, feelings of resentment, a feel-
ing that we liaa been struck by our mother
when we were m distress—
"that tho history of the Alabama and other cruisers,
been fitted out or armed or equipped or
which hadrecoivod augmentation of force in Great
Britain or m her colonies, and of the operations of
those vessels, showed extensive direct losses in tho
capture and destruction of a largo number of vessels
with their cargoes, and in the heavy national ex-
penditures in the pursuit of the cruisers and indirect
injury in the transfer of a large part of the American
commercial marine to tho British flag, in tho en-
hanced payments of insuranoe, in tho prolongation
ot the war, and in the addition of a large sum to the
costof the war,and the suppression of the rebellion-
and also showed that Great Britain, by reason of
failure in the proper observance of her duties as a
neutral, had become justly liable for the acts of
those cruisers and of their tenders; that the claims
lor the loss and destruction of private property
which had thus far been presented amounted to about
fourteen million dollars, without interest, which
amount was liable to bo greatly increased by claims
which had not been presonted; that the costto which
thetrovcrnmenthad been putin the pursuit of cruis-
ers could easily be ascertained by certificates of Gov-
ernment accounting officers; that in the hope of an
amicable settlement no estimate was made of the
indirect losses, without prejudice, however, to the
right to indemnification on their account in the
event of no such settlement being made."
Here, then, you liave from the official record
of the proceedings of this commission, pre-
liminary to the conclusion of this treaty, a
complete and fair statement of the pretensions
of the United States, coupled with estimates
as far as they could be made, and an excuse
for not furnishing estimates as far as they
could not be made, provided a treaty could
be concluded which should settle the contro-
versy and square accounts between us and her
Majesty's Government. Instead of conclud-
ing such a treaty which would settle the con-
troversy and make an end of it, it ended the old
controversy in tho form in which it stood, and
opened a new one in the form of a civil litiga-
tion, in the form of arbitration, consisting of
persons mutually to be chosen, so that the
right which we reserved without prejudice for
their indemnification, unless we could agree
then and there, was expressly reserved.
It is stated also, beyond this plain provision
in the protocol, in the treaty itself, which is
perhaps the best evidence of what the parties
intended to submit:
" Akticlk.
" Whereas differences have arisen between the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and the Government
of her Britannic Majesty, and still exist, growing
out of tho acts committed by the several vessels which
havo given rise to the claims generically known as
the ' Alabama claims:'"—
And then follows the clause that her Majes-
ty's Government are willing to express in a
friendly spirit her regret for the unfortunate
occurrence, which I need, not repeat—
"Now,in order to remove and adjust all com-
plaints and claims on the part of tho United States,
and to provide for the speedy settlement, of such
claims, which are not admitted by her Britannic
Majesty's Government, the high contracting par-
ties agree that all the said claims, growing out of acts
committed by the aforesaid vessels, and generically
known as tho'Alabama claims,' shall be referred
to a tribunal of arbitration."
Here then, Mr. President, you have in ex-
press language in the treaty itself the state-
ment that all our complaints and all our
claims which we set up as growing out of the
acts of these cruisers—that is, tho necessary
and natural consequences of them, as well as
theacts themselves; not for the acts of the
cruisers, but growing out of those - acts as
consequences, should be submitted to this
tribunal of arbitration and decided upon the
principles fixed for their decision.
This is not all, Mr. President. Beyond the
plain and indisputable meaning of this lan-
guage employed, it is a matter of public his-
tory, notorious to all men, that our claims
thus covered, did embrace all damages and
losses arising from the natural and necessary
consequences of the wrongful acts and omis-
sions of the British Government. That claim
was stated by my honorable friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Summer,] in a speech upon
the preceding treaty with her Majesty's Gov-
ernment, and it wa3 as well known perhaps
to the English nation, possibly better known
to the whole English nation, than any other
discussion on any public subject in the United
States since the Revolution, and perhaps in-
cluding the Revolution.
This is not all, Mr. President.. One of the
statesmen of Great Britain, Mr. Cobden, in
informing Parliament what responsibilities
they were assuming in permitting those cruis-
ers to escape, used this language on the 13tk
of May, 18(54, to be found in Hansard, volume
five, page 173:
" With respect to altering our laws, the Attorney
General has entered into a long argument to show
tnat tli© law as it stands is effective for the purpose
ot preventing a breach of our neutrality, but I can-
not imagine a more cruel joke than the honorable
anu learned gentleman's speech must appear "when
it comes to be read at Washington. What is the
iu* ,~ou "av? been carrying on hostilities from
these shores against the people of the United State?,
and have been inflicting: an amount of damage o$
