788
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
uniform, while engaged on his route iu the
discharge of his duty as a letter-carrier, and
any person who shall wilfully aid or assist
therein, shall, on conviction thereof, for every
such offence, forfeit and pay not less than one
hundred nor more than one thousand dollars,
or be imprisoned not less than one nor more
than three years, according to the circum-
stances and aggravation of the offence.
Sec. 97. That each letter-carrier shall give
bonds, with sureties, to be approved by the
Postmaster General, for the safe eustody and
delivery of all mail matter, and the faithful
account and payment of all money received
by him.
Sec. 98. That the Postmaster General, when
the public convenience reqaires it, may estab-
lish within any post office delivery one or more
branch offices, for the receipt and delivery of
mail matter and the sale of stamps and en-
velopes; and he shall prescribe the rules and
regulations for the government thereof. But
no letter shall be sent for delivery to any
branch office contrary to the request of the
party to whom it is addressed.
Six;. 99. That the rate of postage on news-
papers, excepting weeklies, periodicals not
exceeding two ounces in weight, and circulars
when the same are deposited in a letter-carrier
office for delivery by the office or its carriers,
shall be uniform at one cent each; but period-
icals weighing more than two ounces shall
be subject to a postage of two cents each, and
these rates shall be prepaid by stamps.
Sec. 100. That no extra postage or carriers'
fees shall be charged or collected upon any
mail matter collected or delivered by carriers.
Sec. 101. That all expenses of letter-ca'r-
riers, branch offices, and receiving boxes, or
incident thereto, shall be kept and reported in
a separate account, and shall be shown in com-
parison with the proceeds from postage on
local mail matter at each office, and the Post-
master General shall be guided in the expend-
itures for this branch of the service by the
income derived therefrom.
Sec. 102. That to promote public conven-
ience, and to insure greater security in the
transfer of money through the mail, the Post-
master General may establish, under such
rules and regulations as he may deem expe-
dient, a uniform money-order system, at all
suitable post offices, which shall be designated
as "money-order offices."
Sec. 103. That the Postmaster General may
conclude arrangements with the post depart-
ments of foreign Governments, with which
postal conventions have been or may be con-
cluded, for the exchange, by means of postal
orders, of small sums of money, not exceed-
ing fifty dollars in amount, at such rates of
exchange, and compensation to postmasters,
and under such rules and regulations as he
may deem expedient; and the expenses of
establishing and conducting such system of
exchange may be paid out of the proceeds of
the money-order business.
Sec. 104. That the postmaster at a money-
order office shall issue, in such manner and form
as the Postmaster General may prescribe, an
order for a specified sum of money, payable
by the postmaster at any other' money-order
office which the person applying therefor may
select; but no money-order shall be delivered
until the amount thereof, and the proper fee
therefor, have been deposited with the post-
master issuing it: Provided, That the post
master of every city where branch post offices
Or stations are established and in o: eration,
subject toiissupervision, is hereby authorized,
under the direction of the Postmaster General,
to issue, or to cause to be issued, by any of his
assistants or clerks in charge of branch post
offices or stations, postal money-ordeis pay-
able at his own or at any other money-order
office, or at any branch post oflice or station of
his own, or of any other money-order office,
as the remitters thereof may direct; and that
the postmaster and his sureties shall in every
case beheld accountable upon his official bond
for all moneys received by him or his desig-
nated assistants or clerks in charge of stations
from the issue of money-orders under the pro-
visions of this act, and for all moneys which
may come into his or their bands, or be placed
in his or their custody by reason of the trans-
action by them of money-order business. And
all the provisions of law now in force respect-
ing the issue and the payment of money-orders,
and the disposal of money-order funds in the
custody of postmasters, shall apply to all
money-orders issued under the authority given
by this act, and to all moneys received from
the issue thereof.
Sec. 105. That any postmaster who shall issue
a money-order without having previously re-
ceived the money therefor shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction
thereof, shall be fined not less than fifty nor
more than five hundred dollars.
Sec. 106. That in case of the sickness or
unavoidable absence from his office of the
postmaster of any money-order post office, he
may, with the approval of the Postmaster
General, authorize the chief clerk, or some
other clerk employed therein, to act in his
place, and to discharge all the duties required
by law of such postmasters: Provided, That
the official bond given by the principal of the
office shall be held to cover and apply to the
acts of the person appointed to act in his place
in such cases : And provided further, That
such acting officer shall, for the time being,
be subject to all the liabilities and penalties
prescribed by law for the official misconduct
in like cases of the postmaster for whom he
shall act.
Sec. 107. That no money-order shall be
issued for more than fifty dollars, and the fees
therefor shall be, for orders not exceeding ten
dollars, five cents; exceeding ten and not ex-
ceeding twenty dollars, ten cents; exceeding
twenty and not exceeding thirty dollars, fifteen
cents ; exceeding thirty and not exceeding
forty dollars, twenty cents; exceeding forty
dollars, twenty five cents.
Sec. 108. That the Postmaster General shall
supply money-order offices with blank forms
of application for money orders, which each
applicant shall fill up with his name, the name
and address of the party to whom the order is
to be paid, the amount, and the date of appli-
cation ; and all such applications shall be pre-
served by the postmaster receiving them for
such time as the Postmaster General may
prescribe.
Sec. 109. That the Postmaster General shall
furnish money-order offices with printed or en-
graved forms for money-orders, and no order
shall be valid unless it be drawn upon such
form.
Sec. 110. That the postmaster issuing a
money-order shall send a notice thereof by
mail, without delay, to the postmaster on
whom it is drawn.
Sec. 111. That no money-order shall be
valid and payable unless presented to the post-
master on whom it is drawn within one year
after its date ; but the Postmaster General, on
the application of the remitter or payee, of
any such order, may cause a new order to be
issued iti lieu thereof.
Seo. 112. That the payee of a money-order
may, by his written indorsement thereon, direct
it to be paid to any other person, and the post-
master on whom it is drawn shall pay the same
to the person thus designated, provided he
shall furnish such proof as the Postmaster
General may prescribe that the indorsement is
genuine, and that he is the person empowered
to receive payment; but more than one in-
dorsement sli.ift render an order invalid and
not payable, and the holder, to obtain pay-
ment, shall be required to apply in writing to
the Postmaster General for a new order in
lieu thereof, returning the original order, and
making such proof of the genuineness of the
indorsements as the Postmaster General may
require.
Sec. 113. That after a money-order has
been issued, if the purchaser desires to have
it modified or changed, the postmaster who
issued the order shall take it back and issue
another in lieu of it, for which a new fee
shall be exacted.
Sec. 114. That the postmaster issuing a
money-order shall repay the amount of it upon
the application of the person who obtained it,
and the return of thfe order, but the fee paid
for it shall not be returned.
Sec. 115. That whenever a money-order has
been lost, the Postmaster General, Upon the
application of the remitter or payee of such
order, may cause a duplicate thereof to be
issued, without charge, providing the party
losing the original shall furnish a certificate
from the postmaster by whom it was payable
that it had not been, and would not there-
after be, paid, and a similar certificate from
the postmaster by whom it was issued that
it had not been, and would not thereafter be,
repaid.
Sec. 116. That any person who shall, with
intent to defraud, falsely make, forge, coun-
terfeit, engrave, or print, or cause or procure
to be falsely made, forged, counterfeited, en-
graved, or printed, or willingly aid or assist in
falsely making, forging, counterfeiting, engrav-
ing, or printing, any order in imitation of or
purporting to be a money order issued by the
Post Office Department, or any of its postmas-
ters or agents, or any material signature or
indorsement thereon ; any person who shall
falsely alter, or cause or procure to be altered,
or willingly aid or assist in falsely altering any
such money-order; any person who shall, with
intent to defraud, pass, utter, or publish, or
attempt to pass, utter, or publish, as true, any
such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered
money-order, knowing the same, or any signa-
ture or indorsement thereon, to be false,
forged, counterfeited, or altered, every such
person shall be deemed guilty of felony, and,
on conviction thereof, shall bo imprisoned at
hard labor for not less than two nor more than
five years, and be fined not exceeding five
thousand dollars.
Sec. 117. That all payments and transfers
to and from money-order offices shall be under
the direction of the Postmater General. Ho
may transfer money-order funds from one post-
master to another, and from the postal reve-
nue to the money-order funds; and and hs
may transfer money-order funds to creditors
of the Department, to be replaced by equiva-
lent transfers from the postal revenues.
Sec. 118. That the Postmaster General may
transfer to the postmaster at any money-order
office, by warrant on the Treasury, counter-
signed by the Auditor for the Post Office De-
partment, and payable out of the postal reve-
nues, such sum as may be required over and
above the current revenues at his office to pay
the money orders drawn upon bim.
Sec. 119. That the Postmaster General shall
require each postmaster at a money-order
office to render to the Post Office Department
weekly, semi-weekly, or daily accounts of all
money-orders issued and paid; of all fees re-
ceived for issuing them ; of all transfers and
payments made from money-order funds ; and
of all money received to be used for the pay-
ment of money-orders or on account of money-
order business.
Sec. 1'20. That the Auditor for the Post'
Office Department shall keep the a-c >u'its 'if
the money-order business sepaiateiy, and in
such maimer as to show the number and
