THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
resolution is contrary to the Constitution of
tlie United States.
- Mr. BUTi.E,[t, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ttsk .ttje gentleman trop), Ohio [Mr. Camp-
bell] a question for tlie purpose simply of
gating an explanation.
Mr. IlGAli. 1 must ask in the first place
a decision on my point of order. This is not
a. proposition to suspend a rule, but.it is a dec-
laration that eeciatu legislation shall uot be
adopted except Jiy a twQ-thirds, vote.
'i'lie SPliAKiilS,. Independently of the
point of order, the ,Chair does uot see how tlie
rgspiutipn, if adapted, i  capable of bt-iitg
administered. If the resolution should be
adopted- and the want of a two-thirds vote
sfeijuld becojihidered as non concurrence, does
the gentleman tromOliio[Mr Campbell] th^n
propose that the matter shall go to a commit-
tee of conference'/ Is that to he the under-
standing which the Chan" will enforce ?
Mr. UAiN' DALL. That question will arise
ftfterward.
The SPiiAKBR. The Chair must insist on
having a knowledge of that now. when the point
of order is raised ; because it is very important
that the Chair shall not be called upon to rule
subsequently in a way which might not be con-
sidered in accordance with what may now be
supposed to be the meaning of the resolution.
J^lr. 11ANDALL. The hill would go back
to the Senate with that amendment tiou con-
curred in. wiihout a conference.
The SPEAKER, The proposition here is,
that a'l the oilier amendment to the sundry
civil bill shall be acted, on in the ordinary way
by a majority vote ; but that this one shall only
be concurred in by a two-iliirds vote. This,
Ot course, will end in a non-concurrence. Then,
if .1 lie Senate insist on its amendment, does the
Chair understand that, under this resolution it
■will be in order for the Chair to entertain a
illation for ft confetence?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Of course not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman then must
see that the resolution is incapable of being
admiuiaUjceU by the Chair, and would be per-
fectly nugatory. The Chair sustains the point
of order uflHe getithimii.il from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar,] and, under any circumstances
must decliue to entertain the lesolution. It
is in effect saving that 10 n certain extent a
two-thirds vote vvrfl he required, and iliat be-
jomi that the minority reserve to themselves
tlie right lo make dilatory motions to thwart
the majority.
Mr. RANDALL. To thwart the revolu-
tionary legislation of the Senate.
'1 he SPEAKEIt. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We have been for sev-
eral days passing bills in the way here pro-
pped. The gentleman fiotn Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] did not raise the eonstituiioiml
objection when wo agreed lo go to the Speak-
er'8 table and pass bills under the two-thirds
rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must overrule
that. Such is not the condition of affairs.
That proposition came from a suggestion of
the Chair, and is uot a parallel case to this
proposition. It is now perfectly in order to
move that the rules be suspended and the
ameudments of the Senate to the sundiy civil
appropriation bill be concurred in or non-con-
curred in, in a lump ; that is entirely in order.
But that does notpresent this case. The Chair
rules against the resolution of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Cami'BBLL,] because of the
parliamentary point raised by tlie gentleman
Irom Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] and also
because if adopted it would settle nothing.
Mr. KANL>ALL. It would send the bill
back to the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Senate have insisted
that there shall be a conference upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Hous<-s upon this
bill, and therefore this resolution would settle
jiQthiug.
Mr. CAMPBELL. A majority of the
House voted the other day in favor of the
civil rights bill, and yet the Chair declared
that it was not. passed..
The SPEAKER. Precisely; because, as
the gentleman will observe, t,lie civil rights bill
was not the regular ord r of business bffore
the House. The two-thirds vote was required
from the fact that, there had to be a suspension
of the rules in order to get at the bill and con-
sider it. This appropriation bill, if considered
at all, must come regularly before the House.
There is a very great difference in the two
cases. Tlie enforcement bill, which was
reported from the joint Select Committe'e on
the Insurrectionary States, did not require a
two-thirds vote for its passage. It was regu-
larly reported in order from a committee that
had the right to report at any time ; and the
Chair would not bold that any other than a
majority vote was required lor the passage
of that bill. Therefore it was that dilatory
motions were made in order to keep from
action on the bill. The consideration of bills
on the Speaker's table required a suspension
of the rules by a two-thirds vote in order to
enable the House to get at them at all.
Mr. BECK. I desire to offer a resolution
in regard to this matter', and I move that the
rules be suspended and the resolution adopted.
Mr. GAREIELD, of Ohio. I desire to sub-
mit a proposition. I move that the House
non-concur in all the Senate amendments to
thi-s bill, and ask a committee of conference
on the disagreeing vote's of the two Houses.
Mr. BECK. I object to that, and ask a
vote on my resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I will
move that the rules be suspended for the pur-
pose I have indicated. I do not want that
personally; I would rather they should be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. FARNSWORl'H. Let the amendment
be referred to the Committee of the Whole,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I want the
amendments to the bill to be considered by
the two Houses.
Mr. BliCK. I have moved to suspend the
rules and pass a resolution which I have seut
to the Clerk's desli.
Mr. GAREIELU, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man has submitted a motion to suspend the
mles I will withhold my motion for the pres-
ent.
The SPEAKER. The pending cpiestion is
on the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck;] lifer that has been dis-
posed of the Chair will recognize the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Gakfield.]
The Cleik read the resolution proposed by
Mr. Beck, as follows:
Jle^ulrcf, That the Senate amendment to insert
attor " t.S71," in lines mnety-seveu, ninety-eight,
ami miiet.v-niiio, the words "Ail act to amend an
net entitled 'An actto enforce the rights ot citizens
of_ tlio United S:a.teg to vote in the sever.il States
of this Union, and for other purposes,'" to House
bill No. 2705, is m the opinion ot' this House in
conflict with the provisions of section seven, arti-
cle one, of the Constitution of the I/inteU States,
which provides that "all bills for raising revenue
shall originate in tlioHouse of Representative,; but
the Senate may propose or concur with amend-
ments. as on other bili.%" said amendment not being
with iu the true intent und meaning oi said section,
but independent legislation, which this House can-
not be required to consider in Committee of the
Whole, under the rules therein prescribed lordebate
oil appropriation bills. The House is Jurther ot the
opinion that said amendment, and the principle
involved in the attempt ot the Senate to propose
such amendments infringes upon and curtails the
legitimate right of the House to make or withhold
appropriations for the f-upport ot the Government
by legislation unincumbered with provisions not
geruianeto the tarnishing or withholding of money.
The Senate is theretore respectfully requested to
leconsider its action in proposing said amendment,
and for the purpose of enabling that to be doue the
Cieik of this House i* hereby directed lo return said
bill and Senate amendments, together with a copy
of this resolution, to the Senate, and request their
consioeration thereot.
. Mr. PERCE. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will
state it.
Mr. PERCE. My point of order is that we
cannot arratgn the Senate of the United States
at the bar ol the House of Representatives.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
the point of Older would lie against this reso-
lution.
Mr. RANDALL. It is very respectful in its
tone to the Senate.
Mr. CONGER: Can we by a resolution
order a bill which is not before the House to
be returned to the Senate,? Can we make
such an order belore the bill comes before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is before the
House ; it is on the Speaker's table.
Mr. CONGER. It is upon the Speaker's
table; but if by resolution we can take itfiom
the table and send it back to the Senate, we
can also take it from the table forconsideiation
in the House.
The SPEAKER. Either proposition could
be adopted by a two-thirds vote; both motions
involve a suspension of the rules.
The question being taken on suspending the
rules to adopt the resolution offered by Mr.
Buck, there were—ayes 63, noes 71.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDREDGE, Cannot the question
upon this resolution be divided?
The SPEAKER, it cannot.
The question being taken, there were—
yeas 74, nays 97, not voting 60 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Archer, Arlhur,
Beck. Bigg.-, Bird, James9.Ulair. Braxton, Bright,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Comiugo, Conner,
Clitcher. Crosslaud, Dox, Hu Bose, l>uke. Forker,
Henry I). Foster, Garrett, Gets, Guiding, Golladay,
Uaidemao, Hambleton, Hancock, Hundley, Hanks,
Harper, John T. Harris, Hay, IItbbaid, Iloliuan,
Kendall, Kerr, King, Lamison. Marshall, McOlcl-
land, McCormick, Mciienry, Mcintyro, McNeely,
Merrick, Morgan, Potter, Price, Randall, Head,
Edward Y. Rice, .John M. Rice, Ritchie, William
R. Roberts, Siou II. Rogers, Sherwood, Shober. Sla-
ter, Slocum, Slots, Stevens, Storm. Swann, Teny,
Van Trump, Waddell, Warren, Wells, Wbitthorne,
Williamsot New York, Winchester, and Young—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Bcatty, Beveridge, Bigtjy, Bingham, Austin Blair,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burehal'd, Burdett, Benjamin
F. Builer, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Xloburn, Cogh-
lan. Conger, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, Honnan,
Dunnell. E.nnes, Fa.rns\yorth, Finkelnburg, Charles
Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Goodrich, Hariner,
OeorgeJi.Harris, Havens, ilawley, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, John W. Hazeltou, Hill, Houghton, Iieliey,
Kellog;r. Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Maynard, Mc-
Crary, McUrew. Mcjuukin, Mcliec, Alereur, Mer-
riitiu, Monroe, Murey, Leonard Myers, Orr, Pack-
ard, Packer, Palmer, Is.,,to C. Parker, Peck, Pen-
dleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters. Poland,
rrindte, Rauiey, Ellis H. Roberts, Husk. Sawyer,
Sessions, Stianks, Sheldon, Shelluba,rger, H. Board-
man Smith, Sn.wler, Thom.is J. Spoor, Spiague,
Starkweather. Strong, Sypher, Tafi'e, Thomas,
Washington Townsend. Turner, Twiehell, Tvner,
Wakeuian, Waldeu. Waldron, Wallace. Walls,
Whiceley, Willard. Will lams of Truli,tnu., Jeremiah
M. Wilson, ami John T. Wilson—97,
.NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Barnum, Barry,
Boll, Boles Jjtooks, (Jlarlte, Cotton, Cox, CreOa,
Oeeiy, Davis, De Large. Dickey, Duel], Kldrodge,
lilhott, Ely, Harwell, Garfield. GrilHth, Hale, ilal-
sey, Hereford^ Herudon, Hoar, Hooper,
Ivetchaiu, Killiuger, Kinsell.i, Leach, Lewis, Lynch,
Manson, Mclvinney, Benjamin F. Meyers. Mitch-
ell, Moore, Moiphis. N-egley, jSiblack. llosea W.
Parker, Eli Perry, Piatt, Porter, llobinson, John
liugers, Uooseveit, Sargent, Seolield. Secley,
Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, 11. Milton Speer, Steven-on, Stoughton,
Stowell, St- John. Sutherland, D'wigbt Townsend,
Tuthiil, Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wheeler, and
Wood—09,
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the lesolutioa was not agreed to.
During the roll call the following announce-
ments were made :
Mr. B. F. MKYBItS. I am paired with the
gentleman from New York, Mr. Seeley. If
he were present he would vote in the negative,
while I should vote m the affirmative.
Mr. FAR WELL. On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from Wisconsin,
Mr. Mitchell, who if present would vote
uay,*' while I should vote "no."
Air. NEGLEY. 1 wish to announce that I
am paired with the gentleman from New
York, Mr. Wood. If he were present he
would vote and I should vote uno."
