1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2633
tial power of pardon. They have done so in
unmistakable tones. They have placed their
decisions upon the grounds of prompt and de-
cisive rejection of that law almost without
precedent. With those of us who witnessed
the debates that led first to the adoption of
that amendment, and subsequently attended all
efforts to have the amendment repealed, the
phrase " inadvertence by the Supreme Court"
will raise a smile. It was debated, warmly de-
bated, positively and lengthily debated, notonly
upon the occasion of its original enactment
into law, but upon the attempt made to wipe
from the statute-book that which many of us
then believed to bean invalid law and discred-
itable to the legislation of the country.
What is to be the effect, Mr. President, of
passing acts of special appropriation to pay
the judgments rendered by the Court of Claims
and confirmed by the Supreme Court of the
United States? What is the necessary and
practical effect? It is the abolition of the
Court of Claims. It is an absolute disregard
of all the reasons thatledto its establishment.
It is bringing back all the evil of claim agents
and lobbyists, with all their varied powers of
intrigue and influence, to the Halls of Congress.
Does any man who knows anything of the con-
stitution of these two bodies pretend to say
that the Senate of the United States or the
House of Representatives is a fit body to con-
sider and adjudicate upon private claims?
What is the necessary result? We have no
'machinery to ascertain the counter testimony.
We have no means of obtaining counter proof.
The cases presented to us are not only ex parte
statements, but they are sustained very fre-
quently by the baldest, the most imperfect, the
most unreliable ex parte testimony. Any man
who has ever practiced in courts of law knows
that it is possible to prove almost anything by ex
parte affidavits which derive their force far more
from the skill of the draughtsman than from
the conscience and the knowledge of the affiant.
This is human experience, and I but repeat
here and in a feeble way a part of the argu-
ments which induced Congress most wisely to
establish the Court of Claims. And yet the
result, of this special intermeddling with the
results of the judgments of the Court of Claims,
with the results of the judgment, of the Supreme
Court of the United States, is in effect to
obliterate the Court of Claims and override
and defeat judgments of those tribunals so
well fitted to entertain and decide these ques-
tions, and bring them back here to Congress
with all the inefficient and I may say the mal-
efficient elements which surround a body like
this attempting to decide upon a question of
fact in which personal interests are involved.
Now, what is this captured and abandoned
property? Whose property was captured?
Whose property was abandoned? The prop-
erty of those who, as I contend, always were
citizens of the United States. But, adopting
for the purpose of the argument the belliger-
ency of the so-called confederate States,
assuming the fact that the territory in insur-
rection was the territory of an enemy, still,
whose property are you now legislating in
regard to ? It is the property of private citi-
zens, which, by the laws of civilized warfare,
was not the subject of seizure or destruction,
except for purposes of war strictly, for the
support of armies, or unless it had been sub-
jected to judicial action, investigation, and
confiscation. It is not pretended that any of
these processes was carried on here; but the
fact was that in the unsettled condition of the
country, after armed resistance was at an end,
a class of men known as Treasury agents
swooped down upon that unhappy country
which had been the theater of conflict and
seized everywhere property in bulk, and
chiefly cotton, that great staple production
which was almost exclusively confined to that
tract of country, certainly in our hemisphere,
and appropriated it nominally to the use of
the United States.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware will please suspend his remarks.
The morning hour has expired, and by unani-
mous consent of the Senate the Chair at one
o'clock this day was to recognize the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] representing the
Committee on Privileges and Elections, to
move to proceed to the consideration of the
North Carolina contested election case. The
Senator from Illinois is therefore recognized.
There was no unfinished business pending at
the adjournment Saturday night.
Mr. LOGAN. This is the time that was
agreed upon in the Senate to have the North
Carolina case disposed of. It has been post-
poned so many times that I think I cannot do
any less than insist upon having a disposition
made of the case now. The longer it is post-
poned, the more inconvenience will arise to
different members of the body who are de-
tained here in consequence of its being undis-
posed of. I hope, therefore, it wili not be
further postponed, but that we shall take it up
to-day and finish it. The Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Pool,] according to arrange-
ment, will be entitled to the floor upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois was to be recognized by the Chair
to move to proceed to its consideration, and
if it is taken up, the Chair will recognize the
Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. LOGAN. The motion I make is to
proceed to the consideration of the North
Carolina election case. •
Mr. SCOTT. I gave notice a few days ago
that at the first favorable opportunity I should
'endeavor to bring before the Senate the House
bill for the repeal of the duties on tea and cof-
fee. While I remember it was agreed that
the Senator from Illinois should be recognized
this morning for the purpose of making this
motion, I think the public interests involved
in the other bill are such as to justify ine now
in giving notice that I desire that bill should
be taken up, and hope those in the Senate who
favor taking uj> that bill and disposing of that
question will not agree to proceed to the con-
sideration of the North Carolina case, and I
shall, if that is not taken up, move to proceed
to the consideration of the other bill. I would
have asked to consider it in the morning hour
if I had supposed it possible to obtain unani-
mous consent to do so, but I did not suppose
it was possible to obtain that consent, and
therefore I did not ask it; and while my at-
tention was otherwise diverted the deficiency
bill got before the Senate. I trust, therefore,
that the election case will not, be proceeded
with, so that we may proceed with the tea and
coffee bill and dispose of it to-day.
Mr. LOGAN. I have bat one remark to
make. On last Friday week, I believe, a major-
ity of the Senate voted to postpone this case
especially for the accommodation of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] until
to-day. ft, was then stated that the case should
be proceeded with to-day, and it does seem to
me that for the Senate now to postpone it
again is trifling with the case. I will not say
that it is annoying to me, for it is not, to have
to rise so often and ask to have this matter
proceeded with ; but I must, say that I see no
Senator in this Chamber having charge of a
measure or bill postponed as often as I have
been with this matter. If the right to a seat
in the Senate, which has always been consid-
ered of great importance, and of first import-
ance, is to be postponed and disposed of in
the manner in which this has been, it looks to
me as though th? Senate was forgetting itself,
and forgetting the rights of the States and
those sent here to represent the States.
I know the question of tea and coffee is an
important one ; and when I say that, 1 might
add that the question of iron and steel is im-
portant too, and many other questions are
important; but the importance of taking the
tax off tea and coffee has loomed up here within
the last day or two. It was not so important
a week ago or two weeks ago ; but it has great
importance just at this particular time—or it
had on Saturday eveniug, and has now this
morning. It seems to me that there is always
great importance attaching to the particular
measure that antagonizes this question of a
right to a seat from North Carolina. It does
seem to me that this importance attaching to
peculiar measures just at this time is strange.
The question iu reference to tea and coffee has
been here for months, and you have had plenty
of time to discuss it, plenty of time to take it
up weeks and months ago ; and I do not think
it is right to antagonize the right to a seat here
with every measure that may happen to be on
the table, at the call of a Senator at the time
this question comes up. I only say that if the
Senate is not ready now, after a solemn agree-
ment made by unanimous consent to take up
this case, I do not see when it will be ready. I
did not consent on Friday when this was done,
but a majority of the Senate did it when the
vote was taken and then we consented to make
it unanimous; and" it was only on the state-
ment that the Senator from North Carolina
desired to make an argument m reference to
this case that the Senate postponed it. We
were ready then to take the vote. It had been
discussed pro and con by nearly every one who
was desirous of saying anything upon it, except
the Senator from North Carolina. He has
had time to go home and hold a State conven-
tion to instruct the Senate as to their duty.
Now I think it is about time to see whether
the Senate is going to follow the instructions
of a political convention in North Carolina or
not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois will suspend. The Chair must
hold, if the Senate sustains him, that the elev-
enth rule provides that motions to proceed to
the consideration of measures shall he determ-
ined without debate upon the merits of the
question proposed to be considered. The
Chair dislikes to check a Seuator, but he must
stale that whether North Carolina has adopted
any such resolution or not, is not yet before
the Senate. When the resolution is taken up,
that matter may be alluded to.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that, and I
should not have proceeded to discuss it for a
moment if it had not been that the discussion
was brought about by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. In bis great desire to have the tea
and coffee bill taken up for the benefit of his
constituents he made some remarks; and I
was only replying to him ard giving my rea-
sons for the desire on my part to call up this
question to-day, and those reasons will still
exist even if the Senate should vote me down.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDES 1'. The antagonism
of measures has been disclosed by two Sen-
ators, and the Chair will endeavor to so rule
as to hold Senators within the eleventh rule
until something is taken up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the
Senate will not take up the bill in regard to
tea and coffee this morning. It is well known
to ns all that the chairman of the Committee
on Finance is absent; and he would not have
been absent if he had the slightest intimation
or apprehension that this bill would be taken
up for action before he returned. I under-
stand that he will be back here on Wednes-
day. I trust, therefore, my friend from Penn-
sylvania will not press his motion this morning.
There are other reasons why it ought not to
be pressed, in my judgment; and one is that
there is a disagreement between the two Houses
of Congress as to the privileges of the respect-
ive Houses in their action upon revenue bills.
We have submitted that quesiion to the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him? I will state to him, in
furtherance of what he just now says, that that
