1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?89
Laics of the United States.
42b Cons....2d
amount of money-orders issued at each office,
the number and amount paid, the amount of
fees received, and al! tbe expenses of the
money-order business.
Sec. 121. That all money received for the
saleofmoney-orders, including all fees thereon,
all money transferred from the postal reve-
nues to the money-order funds, all money
transferred or paid from the money-order
funds to the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment, and all money-order funds transferred
from one postmaster to another, shall be
deemed and taken to be money-order funds
a.nd money in the Treasury of the United
States. And it shall be the duty of the Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States to open, at
the request of the Postmaster General, an
account of " money-order funds" deposited by
postmasters to the credit of the Postmaster
General, and of drafts against the amount so
deposited, drawn by him and countersigned
by the Auditor.
Sec. 122. That any postmaster, assistant,
clerk, or other person employed in or con-
nected with the business or operations of any
money-order office who shall convert to his
own use, in any way whatever, or loan, or
deposit in any bank, or exchange for other
funds, any portion of the money-order funds,
shall be deemed guilty of embezzlement; and
any such person, as well as every other person
advising or participating therein, shall, on
conviction thereof, for every such offence, be
imprisoned for not less than six months nor
more than ten years, and be fined in a sum
equal to the amount embezzled ; and any fail-
ure topay over or produce any money-order
funds intrusted to such person shall be taken
to be prima facie evidence of embezzlement;
and upon the trial of any indictment against
any person tor such embezzlement, it shall be
prima facie evidence of a balance against him
to produce a transcript from the money-order
account books of tbe Auditor for the Post
Office Depaitment. But nothing herein con-
tained shall be construed to prohibit any post-
master depositing, under tbe direction of the
Postmaster General, in a national bank desig-
nated by the Secretary of tbe Treasury for that
purpose, to his own credit as postmaster, any
money-order or other funds in his charge, nor
prevent his negotiating drafts or other evi-
dences of debt through such bank, or through
United States disbursing officers, or otherwise,
when instructed or required to do so by the
Postmaster General, for the purpose of remit-
ting surplus money-order funds from one post
office to another, to be used in payment of
money-orders. That disbursing officers of the
United States shall be required to issue, under
regulations to be preset ibed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, duplicates of lost checks
drawn by them in favor of any postmaster on
account of money-order or other public funds
received by them from some other postmaster.
Sec. 123. That postmasters at money-order
offices may be allowed, as compensation for
issuing and paying money-orders, not exceed-
ing one third of the whole amount of fees col-
lected ou orders issued, and one fourth of one
per centum on the gross amount of orders paid
at their respective offices, provided such com-
pensation, together with the postmaster's sal-
aiy, shall not exceed four thousand dollars per
annum, except m the case of the postmaster
at .New York city, as h«reinbefore provided.
Sec. 124. That the Postmaster General may
pay out of the proceeds of the money-order
business the cost of stationery and such inci-
dental expenses as are necessary for the trans-
action of that business
Sec. 125. That the Postmaster General may
employ such an additional number of clerks at
money-order offices as may be necessary for
conducting the operations of the money-order
system, who shall be paid out of the proceeds
of the money-order business.
Sec. 126. That for the greater security of
valuable mail matter, the Postmaster General
may establish auuiform system of registration.
Sec. 127. That mail matter shall be regis-
tered only on the application of the party post-
ing the same, and the fee therefor shall not
exceed twenty cents in addition to the regular
postage, to be, in all cases, prepaid; and all
such tees shall be accounted for in such man-
ner as the Postmaster General shall direst:
Provided, That letters upon the official busi-
ness of the Post Office Department which
require registering shall be registered free of
charge, and pass through the mails free of
charge.
Sec. 128. That a receipt shall be taken upon
the delivery of any registered mail matter,
showing to whom and when the same was
delivered, which shall be returned to the
sender, and be received in the courts as prima
facie evidence of such delivery.
Sec. 129. That the Post Office Department,
or its revenue, shall not be liable for the loss
of any registered mail matter.
Sec. 130. That mailable matter shall be
divided into three classes: first, letters; sec-
ond, regular printed matter ; third, miscella-
neous matter.
Sec. 131. That mailable matter of the first
class shall embrace all correspondence, wholly
or partly in writing, except book manuscripts
and corrected proof sheets passing between
authors and publishers.
Sec. 132. That mailable matter of the second
class shall embrace all matter exclusively in
print, and regularly issued at stated periods
from a known office of publication, without
addition by writing, mark, or sign.
Sec 133. That mailable matter of the third
class shall embrace all pamphlets, occasional
publications, transient newspapers, magazines,
hand bills, posters, unsealed circulars, pros-
pectuses, books, book manuscripts, proof-
sheets, corrected proof-sheets, maps, prints,
engravings, blanks, flexible patterns, samples
of merchandise not exceeding twelve ounces
in weight, sample cards, phonographic paper,
letter envelopes, postal envelopes and wrap-
pers, cards, plain and ornamental paper, pho-
tographic representations of different types,
seeds, cuttings, bulbs, roots, scions, and all
other matter which may be declared mailable
by law, and all other articles not above the
weight prescribed by law, which are not, from
their form or nature, liable to destroy, deface,
or otherwise injure the contents of the mail-
bag or the person of any one engaged in the
postal service. A11 liquids, poisons, glass,
explosive materials, and obscene books shall
be excluded from the mails. All matter of the
third class, excepting books and other printed
matter, book manuscripts, proof sheets, and
corrected proof sheets, shall not exceed twelve
ounces in weight, and all matter of the third
class shall be subject to examination and to
rates of postage as hereinafter provided. Sam-
ples of metals, ores, and mineralogical speci-
mens shall not exceed twelve ounces in weight,
and shall be subject to examination and to
rates of postage as hereinafter provided.
Sec. 134. That no package weighing more
than four pounds shall be received for con-
veyance by mail, except books published or
circulated by order of Congress.
Sec. 1S5. That the Postmaster General shall
furnish to the post offices exchanging mails
with foreign countries, and to such other
offices as he may deem expedient, postal bal-
ances denominated in grams of the metric
system, fifteeti grams of which shall be the
equivalent, for postal purposes, of one half
ounce avoirdupois, and so on in progression.
Skc. 136. That the Postmaster General may
prescribe by regulation the manner of wrap-
ping and securing for the mails all matter
not charged with letter postage nor lawfully
franked, so that it may be conveniently exam-
ined by postmasters; and if not so wrapped
and secured, it shall be subject to letter
postage.
Sec. 137. That postmasters at the office of
delivery may remove the wrappers and envel-
opes from mail matter not charged with letter
postage nor lawfully franked, when it can be
done without destroying them, for the purpose
of ascertaining whether there i3 upon or con-
nected with any such matter any thing which
would authorize or require the charge of a
higher rate of postage thereon.
Sec. 138. That no newspapers shall be re-
ceived to be conveyed by mail unless they
are sufficiently dried and inclosed in proper
wrappers.
Sec. 1S9. That where packages of news-
papers or other periodicals are received at a
post office, directed to one address, and the
names of the subscribers to whom they be-
long, with the postage for a quarter in advance,
is handed to the postmaster, he shall deliver
such papers or periodicals to their respective
owners.
Sec. 140. That postmasters shall notify the
publisher of any newspaper, or other period-
ical, when any subscriber shall refuse to take
the same from the office, or neglect to call for
it for the period of one month.
Sec. 141. That publishers of newspapers
and periodicals may print or write, upon their
publications sent to regular subscribers, the
address of the subscriber, and the date when
the subscription expires, and may inclose
therein bills and receipts for subscription
thereto, without subjecting such publications
to extra postage.
Sec. 142. That any person who shall inclose
or conceal any letter, memorandum, or other
thing in any mail matter not charged with
letter postage, or make any writing or mem-
orandum thereon, and-deposit, or cause the
same to be deposited, for conveyance by mail
at a less rate than letter postage, shall, for
every such offence, forfeit and pay five dollars,
and such mail matter or inclosure shall not be
delivered until the postage is paid thereon at
letter rates; but no extra postage shall be
charged for a card printed or impressed upon
au envelope or wrapper.
Sec. 143. That contractors or mail-carriers
may cons-ey, out of the mail, newspapers for
sale or distribution to subscribers.
Sec. 141. That the Postmaster General may
provide by order the terms upon which route
agents may receive from publishers or any
news agents in charge thereof, and deliver the
same as directed, if presented and called for at
the mail car or steamer, packages of news
papers and other periodicals not received from
or intended for delivery at any post office.
Sec. 145. That any postmaster who shall
unlawfully detain in his office any letter or
other mail matter, the posting of which is not
prohibited by law, with intent to prevent the
arrival and delivery of the same to the person
to whom it is addressed, shall, on conviction
thereof, forfeit and pay not exceeding five
hundred dollars, and be imprisoned not ex-
ceeding six months, and he shall be forever
thereafter incapable of holding the office of
postmaster.
Sec. 1+6. That any person employed in any
department of the postal service, who shall
unlawfully detain, delay, or open any letter,
packet, bag, or mail of letters intrusted to hira,
or which shall have come into his posses-
sion, and which was intended to be cotivejed
by mail, or carried or delivered by any muil-
carrier, mail messenger, route agent, letter-
carrier, or other person employed in any
