1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PERCE. My colleague, Mr. Barry,
is absent, on account of sickness.
Mr. FltYE. My colleague, Mr. Lynch, is
paired oil all political questions with the gen-
tleman from New York, Mr. Rogers.
Mr. CARROLL. The gentleman from Con-
necticut, Mr. Barnum, who is paired with the
gentleman from Nebraska, Mr. Taffe, would,
if piesent, vote in the affirmative.
Mr. COGHLAN. My colleague, Mr. Sar-
gext, is absent upon committee business.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As I desire to
do everything in my power to make progress
with the public business, I now move to sus-
pend the rules and refer the sundry civil appro-
priation bill, with the amendments of the Sen-
ate, to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it in order to
amend that motion so as to send the bill and
amendments to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The motion to
suspend the rules is not amendable, and I
desire to try the sense of the House on my
proposition. I have already asked unanimous
consent for the purpose, and it has been re-
fused. 1 how move to suspend the rules.
Mr. ELDREDGE I wish the gentleman
from Ohio would offer the whole of that bill
with the exception of the section which we
consider so obnoxious, and then move to sus-
pend the rules and adopt the whole bill with
that excepiion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We can reach
the same result in another way. There are a
good many amendments which ought not to be
adopted. There are ninety-three amendments
to the bill, and they ought to be considered by
the Committee Dn Appropriations. I have
looked over about seventy of them, and I am
quite unwilling any measure looking to action
on these amendments of the Senate in a lump
shall be entertained, aud 1 shall prevent it if
I can. I wish the Committee on Appropria-
tions, who are thoroughly familiar with all of
these amendments, to have an opportunity
carefully to examine every one of them.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Suppose, then, that the
gentleman offer the bill with all the amend-
ments to which there is no objection on the
pait of the Committee oil Appropriations, and
without, of course, the obnoxious section, and
move to suspend the rules and pass it.
Mr. GARFIELD, ot Ohio. I do not know
which I object to and which I do not object
to until 1 can look over all of them in the
committee-room.
The question being on the suspension of the
rules, there were—ayes 70, noes 65.
mbssagb from this s1snate,
A message wa9 received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympsox, one of its clerks, notifying the
Hou.-c that, that body bad passed an act (H.
R. No. 2697) relaiive to retired officers ot the
Army, wiih an amendment; in which the con-
currence ol the House was requested.
message fbom xuis president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Babcock, one of
his secretaries, notifying the House that he
had approved and signed bills of the following
titles :
An act (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties
on imports, and to i educe internal taxes, and
for other purposes;
An act (U. R. No. 2939) to remove the
political disabilities of the persons therein
named;
An act (H. R. No. 2848) authorizing the
Fiist National Bank of Annapolis to change
its location and name ;
An act (H. R. No. 2044) to authorize the
appointment of shipping commissioners by the
several circuit courts of the United States to
superintend the shipping and discharge of
seamen engaged in merchant ships belong-
ing to the United States, and for the further
protection of seamen;
• An act (H. R. No. 1541) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the yeaT
ending June 30,1873, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 475) for the relief of
Selah V, Reeve, late quartermaster sergeant
of fourth Michigan infautry volunteers; and
A joint resoluiion (H. R. No. 82) providing
for a more effective system of quarantine on
the southern and Gulf coasts.
sttndky civil bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas aud nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 97, nays 75, not voting
68; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Avevill, Banks, Barber,
Beatty, Beveridge, Btgby, Bingham, Austin Blair,
Buckley, Buffiaton, Burehard, Burdett, Benjamin
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Cogh-
ian, Conger, Cotton, Crocker, Donnan, Bunnell,
Eames, i'arnsworth, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster,
Wilder D.Foster, Frye, ttarfield. (ioodrich, Harmer,
Georse B. Harris. Havens, llawley, Hay, Gerry W.
llazeiton, John W. llazelton, Hill, Hoar, Houghton,
Kelley, Kellogg, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Maynard,
MeCrary, Mctirew, MeJaukin, jSlcKee, Mercur,
Merriaui, Monroe. Morey, Leonard Myers, Orr,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C.Parker, Pendle-
ton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Poland, Prin-
dle, ltauiey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, H. Boardman
Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Strong, Sypher, Thomas, W sh-
ington Towusenrl.Twiohell, Tyner. Wakemn,n, Wal-
den, Waldroa, Wallace, Walls, Wlnteley, Willard,
Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Aeker, Adams, Aroher, Arthur,
Beck. Bnras, Bird, Jauief G. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Comingo, Conner,
Critcher, Crossland, Dox, Duke, Bidredge. Forker,
Henry I). Foster, Garrett, tieiz, Gruldmgs, GolLrdvv,
Ilaldeman, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks,
Harper, John T. Harris, Herelord, Hibbard, llol-
man, Kendall, Kerr, King, Lamison, Manson, Mo-
Clelland, McCoruiick, McHenry, Melntyre, ile-
Neely, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan,
Niblack, Price, Randall, Read, Bdward Y. liice,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, William U. Roberts, Sion
H. Rogers, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Sloss, Ste-
vens, Storm, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Van Trump,
Waddell, Warren, Wells, Whittborue, Williams of
New York. Winchester, and Young—75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Barnum, Barry,
Bell, Boles, Carroll, Clarke, Cox, Orebs, Creely,
Darratl, Davis, Dawes, De Larae, Dickey, Du Boae,
Duell, Elliott, jBly, Farwell, Griffith, Uaie, Ha'sey,
Hays, Hcrndon, Hooper, Ketcbam, Kiliinger, Kiu-
sella, Leach, Lewis, Lynch, Marshall, McKaniey,
Mitchell, Moore, Morphia, Negley. iiosea W.
Parker, Peck, Eli Perry, Piatt, Porter, Potter,
Robinson, John Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Sco-
iield, Seeley, Shoemaker, Slooum, John A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, R. Milton Speer,
Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Xafle, Dwight i'own-
send, Turner, Tuttiill, Upson, Yaughan, Voorhees,
Wheeler, and Wood—68.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereot) the rales were not suspended.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the regular order.
SOLDlEtUi' and sailors' HOMESTEADS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
demanded, the morning hour begins at ten
minutes past two o'clock, and the House
resumes the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1065) to enable honorably discharged
soldiers aud sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire hometeads oil the public
lands of the United States, on which the geu
tleman from ludiana [Mr. Coburn] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me to state that when
the civil rights and enforcement bills were
being voted on yesterday, I announced 
Mr. BANKS. I insist on the regular order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. I understood the Chair to announce
not long since that there could not be a morn-
ing hour during the last ten days of the session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that a
morning hour could not be maintained against
a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move that
the rules be suspended and I bat  
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Coburx] is on the floor, aud is
entitled to hold it for an hour.
Mr. COBURN. 1 desire to havfe the bill
read as part of my remarks.
The Clerk commenced reading the bill.'
Mr. RANDALL, ' I move -that the House
adjourn. ' ' " : : ' ' '" -
The SPEAKER. That motion is riot"in
Order. ' The' gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Cobtjkn] has the floor, and is having the bill
read as a part of 'his remarks." •'
Mr. BANKS. I desire to hear the bill
read, and ask that the reading of it'shall hot
be interrupted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
My recollection is that when this bilt'was last
before the House the House was dividing on it.
The SPEAKER. The House had refused
to second the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. And then the House pro-
ceeded to other business.
The SPEAKER. JBat the bill Still kept its
place in the morning hour.
Mr. RANDALL. Would a motion that the
House adjourn be now in order?
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was this the last business
in the last morning hour? Did hot the House
pass to other business?
The SPEAKER. The rooming hotrt was
interrupted by a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Coeukn] is willing to yield to
me for a few moments to allow uoe to offer a
bill.
Mr. BANKS. I object.
The SPEAKER. After'the morning hour
has been annpunced, the morning hour must
run.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The morning hour
will still be running, although I shall be allowed
to offer my bill.
Mr. BANKS. I would rather have the
morning hour run in its regular order. I
would like it as a novelty. I ilo not remember
the time when I have seen the morning hour
running without interruption.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill
Before he had concluded it,
OH.DER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. KELLOGG. I rise to a question of
order. This is private bill day, and 1 should
be glad if- an opportunity were given for pri-
vate business to be presented."
The SPEAKER., The Chair sustains the
point of order, and will proceed to call com-
mittees for reports of a private nature. The
first committee in order is the Committee on
l Patents.
I Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
! allow the reading of the bill to be finished,
! when it has gone so far.
Mr. HOAR. I submit that the point of
order is made too late, the gentleman fiom
Indiana [Mr. CobuksJ being on the floor and
having the bill read as a part of his lemaiks.
The SPEAKER. Tne Chair thinks the
point of order is not made too late.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his noint of order.
Mr. KELLOGG. As there is objection
to it I will withdraw it
Mr. RANDALL. I renew the point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. Reports of a private nature
are in order from the Committee on Patents.
frederick p.dimpfel.
Mr. L. MYERS, from the Committee on
Patents, reported back, with ibe recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (3. No. ICS) for
| the relief of Fiedeiick P. Dimpfel.
1 The bill was read, it expends fpr seven
| years, from and after the ltitu of July, 1871,
I the patent heretofoie granted to Frederick P.
: Dimpfel, on the 113th of July, 1850, for an irn-
| piovemeut in steam-boilers; provided that
j all persons that have engaged in the use or
I manulacture of the invention since the ex-
