842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Mr. EDMUNDS. . Where is the assumption
in the resolution?
Mr. TRUMBULL; That is the assumption.
Mi. EDMUNDS. It is merely asking what
information, be has.
Mr. TUUMBCJLL. It asks if he has inform^
ation of that character, which, is derogatory
to any < Government, and the Senator from
Vermont would regard it so in reference to
any other nation that asked such a question
of this. Government. Suppose the British
Parliament to-day were to pass a resolution
of the same character as to this Government,
to know whether the Government of the Uni-
ted States-had taken the.position that it would
revoke a treaty unless the British Government
presented its claims in-a manner agreeable to
the United States. Would , the British Gov-
ernment assume any such position as that ?
Air. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
she would or not. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend not, and
I apprehend such an imputation, until our
Government had done something of the kind,
would'be very disagreeable to the Senator from
Vermont; and it is jtist the way to give rise
to irritation and disagreement. I want to see
the treaty which has beea made between these
Governments carried out in good faith, and
all irritating quest ions that havearisen between
these peoples settled upon amicable and fair
terras, that shall make these two great nations
of the world tiiends for the future. I think
that the adoption of «i resolution worded as
this is, is only calculated to do mischief, and
that is the reason why I objected to it in ad-
vance; before any action had been taken, based
upon mere newspaper reports that the Sen-
ator himself; tells us may be mere newspaper
canards. It is a very singular proceeding, on
ft delicate question of this kind, relating to
matters which have threatened the peace of
the two great nations of the world, that one
of these nations Bhouhl be taking action upon
mere newspaper canards.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I wish tu ask my
friend   question if he eau subside long enough
to enable me to do it. I want to ask him it it
will be agreeable to him if I leave off what ho
says is the assumption, and if he will be willing
to permit us to ask the President of the United
States for the information?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I lmvo no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order to get my hon-
orable frieud from Illinois on my side for once,
1 will strike off that) part of the resolution as a
concession of peace between two great men,
if not two great nations. [Laughter.]
Mr-.TKl-UlliULL. I hova no objection to
the'resolution of inquiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be so,modified.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from
South Carolina will call up his bill and let
this matter go over until to-morrow,
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no objection to
this now.-
Mr. .CAMERON. 1 trust we shall not pass
this resolution to-day. I cannot imagine that
the Government is in possession of any inform-
ation such as this resolution would, intimate
that it has. I am not willing to beliove that
any portion of the British Government enter-
tain the idea of repudiating any part of this
treaty,and I will not be the tlrst to suppose
they could be guilty of such a wrong, dishonor,
and disgrace to themselves. I trust the reso-
lution will He over for the present.
, Mr. KOBERTSON. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe if this troveru-
ment bad any such information in, its posses-
sion, it would immediately.send that inform-
ation to the Senate to be acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina demands, the regular
order, which is the amnesty lull. .. . The-Secre-
tary will, first report the resolution.of $19 Sen-
ator from Vermont, and then it will go over'
until to-morrow under the demand for the
regular order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I give notice that to-
morrow I shall ask the- Senate to take it up
and give my friends an opportunity to vote one
way or the other.
The Chief Clerk read the. resolution, as
modified, as follows:
lleeolveclThat the President be requested, if not
in his opinion incompatible with the public inter-
est, to communicate.to the Senate any information
in his possession respecting the alleged intention of
tin1 Government of Great Britain to revoke the treaty
lately concluded between that Government and the
United States.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
goes over. Does the Senator from Vermont
desire that it be printed ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
qtjaranwnk and health regulations.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
resolution:
Retolved, That the Committee of Investigation
ami Retrenchment, now sitting in Now York, bo
instructed to inquire into abuses alleged to exist,
and extortions said to be practiced, at the port of1
New York upon importers, in connection with the
quarantine and health regulations; and that said
committee be/urther instructed to inquire into the
treatment of immigrants arriving at said port.
' 'Mr. FENTON. I wish to inquire, in ref-
erence to this resolution of my colleague, if
it is asked to be put upon its passage now,
whether the quarantine and health regulations
referred to are under the authority of the
State or of the General Government; and
whether the resolution does not go so far
that wo shall bo inquiring into a department
of the public interests exclusively under State
control.
r Mr. CONKLING. ' Not as I understand it.
The abuses which are referred to are com-
mitted, as I understand, partly at least, by
State authorities, and one object of'the inform-
ation is to know how far Congress by law
should take' jurisdiction of these subjects. It
is largely for that very purpose that we ought
to havo the information whether it, "be true that
there are crying abuses there. There ean be
no doubt whatever of the power of the com-
mittee to investigate them, and 110 danger, I
think, that it will go beyond its power in the
investigation; and, as I say, one thing to be
derived from the information obtained by the
committee will be a knowledge of what legis-
lation is required of Congress, if any.
Mr. FENTON, I havo no doubt about the
abuses that my colleague refers to, and that
there ought to be investigation and remedy of
them, bht l'Bupjjose the matter remainslargely
if not wholly within the jurisdiction of State
authority.
Mr. CONKLING. What objection is that
to the resolution ?
Mr. FENTON. My colleague has offered
this resolution, and I had made no inspection
of the resolution when first offered. Of course
i accept his explanation as correct, and make
no objection.
The resolution was agreed to.
POLITICAL DlkSABIIilTIlSS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. li. No. 880) for the removal of
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
third section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Carpenter to the amendment of Mr.
Sumner.*^
The amendment of Mr. Summer was to add
the following additional sections to the-bill:
Seo. —. That no citizen of the United'States shall,
by reason of racer color, or previous condition of
servitude, bo exceptedor excluded from the fulland
equal enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished-by inn-keepers; by
common carriers, whether on .land or water; by
licensed owners, managers, 05. lessees of ttoeatera..
or other places of publicT artms'emeiH: by trustees';
commissioners, Superintendents, teachers* and- other
officers of common schools and ether public institu-
tions of learning, the same being supported by
moneys derived from general taxation or author-
ized by law; by trustees, and officers of church
organizations, cemetery associations, and benev-
olent institutions incorporated by national or State
authority. But churches, schools, cemeteries, and
institutions of learning established exclusively for
white or colored persons, and maintained respect-
ively by the contributions of such persons, shall
remain according to the terms of the original estab-
lishment.
J3eo. —. That any person violating any of the pro-
visions of the foregoing section, or aiding in tbeir
violation, or inciting thereto, shall, for every such
offense, forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to the person
aggrieved thereby, to be recovered in an action on
the case, with full costs and such allowance for
counsel fees as the court shall deom just, and shall
also, for every such offenso, be deemed" guilty of a
misdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof, shall
be fined not less than $500 nor more than $1,000, and
shall be imprisoned not less than thirty days nor
more than one year: Provided, That the party ag-
grieved shall not recover more than one penalty;
and when the offense is a refusal of burial, the pen-
alty may be recovered by the heirs-at-Iaw of the
person to whose body burial has been refused.
Skc. —. That the same jurisdiction and powers are
hereby conferred, and the same duties enjoined upon,
the courts and officcrs of the United States, in the
execution of this act. as are conferred and enjoined
upon such courts and officers in sections three, four,
five, seven, and ten of an net entitled "An act to
protcct all persons in the United States in tlieir civil
rights, and to furnish the means of their vindica-
tion," passed April 9, 18(56, and these sections are
hereby made a part of this act; and any of the afore-
said officers failing to institute and prosecute suck
proceedings herein required shall, for every such
offenso, forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to the person
aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by an action on
the case, with full costs and such allowance for
counsel fees as the court shall deem just, and shall,
on conviction thereof, ,be deemed guilty of u misde-
meanor, and be fined not less than £1,000 nor more
than $5,000.
Sec.—.That no person shall be disqualified for
service, as juror in any court, national or State,, by
reason of race, color, or previous condition of serv-
itude : Provided, That such person possesses all
other qualifications which are or may be by law pre-
scribed; and any officer or other persons charged with
any duty in the selection or summoning of jurors,
who shall exclude or fail to summon any person for
thoreu&on above named, shall, on conviction there-
of, bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be fined
not less tbnn $1,000 nor rnoro than $5,000.
Bec.~. That every law statute, ordinancc^regula-
tion, or custom inconsistent with this net, or making
any discriminations agajnst any person on account
of color, by the use of the word "white," is here-
by repealed and annulled.
Sec.—. That it shall be the duty of the judges of
the several courts upon which jurisdiction is hereby
conferred to give this act in charge to the grand jury
of their respective courts at the commencement of
each term thereof.
Tho amendment to the amendment was to
substitute the following:
Skc.—. Whoever being a corporation or natural
person and owner, or in charge of any public inn
or of any place of public .amusement or entertain-
ment for which a license from any legal authority
is required, or of any line of stage-coaches, railroad,
or ether means of public carriage of passengers or
freight, or of any cemetery or other benevolent insti-
tutions, or any public school supported at public
expense or by endowment for public use, shall
make any distinction as to admission or accommo-
dation therein of any citizen of the United States
because of race, color, or previous condition of serv-
itude, shall, on conviction thereof, be fined not
less than $500 or more than $5,000 for each offenso,
to be recovered by information filed by tho district
attorney in any court having jurisdiction, upon the
complaint of any person injured, one balf to the use
of the United States, and one balf to the use of the
complainant.
Sec. 2. That the offenses under tMs act may be
prosecuted before any territorial district, or circuit,
court of the United States, having jurisdiction of
crimes at the place where the offense was charged to
have been committed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I did not
intend origiually to participate in the debate
on the amnesty bill or on the amendment sub-
mitted by the Senator from Massachusetts,
but the Senator from Wisconsin has submitted
to us an amendment which, as he claims, is to
carry out the purposes of the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts so far as they
are constitutional. _ I have carefully examined
these two propositions and am clearly of the
opinion that, with a single doubt upon one sec-
tion of the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, it is within our con-
stitutional power, and that the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin is far
from being an improvement upon that amend-
ment.
The amendment suggested by the Senator
