1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
China Herald, of June 2-3, 1870, as quoted in
the correspondence between the Secretary of
State and the American consulate at Shanghai,
that for many years the custom of kidnapping
even little children was very common in China.
Thirty-five years ago, says this paper, a
writer complains that kidnapping is growing
more and more common in Canton. The way
was, "for kidnappers to_ give notice to the
parents that if a certain sum were sent,
within a certain time, to a certain place, the
girl would be returned, otherwise she would
be sold as a slave." A little later, mention is
made of the crime at Peking and Macao.
That notable publication, the Peking Gazette,
spoke of it as - 'a gross infraction of the laws,
which ought to be carefully investigated and
prohibited." Inl833 we find a complaint in the
Canton Circular that there are "several hun-
dred kidnappers in and about the city of
Canton, who are constantly carrying off and
selling young women and children, and gain
their livelihood by this infamous traffic."' "In
1834 a censor complained to the emperor
about a system of kidnapping children and
young persons in Peking."
Sometimes the Government itself becomes
a slave-trader, and by its edicts declares that
a certain number of coolies from a specified
district shall engage their labor for a number
of years at a given price. Thus to the wiles
of the procurer and the treachery of the kidnap-
per is added the fear of a horrible punishment
from a despotic and cruel Government where
the will of the tyrant who thus enacts that he
is a slave is the only law to which the cooly
can appeal for justice. Thus, in the papers
sent to the State Department by the American
consul at Shanghai, we are told that in the
trial of a poor wretch who, with more of man-
hood than slaves can have consistently with the
safety of their masters, had led his comrades
to liberty over the dead bodies of the slave-
ship's captain and crew, we find one of his
brother coolies testifying:
" I expressed to the authorities my willingness to
become an emigrant to Peru "—
An emigrant he cailus himself. These
wretched slaves to be called emigrants 1
'' but in my heart I was not willing, and I was afraid
to say so, beca,use Chea Ahfook (the kidnapper) told
me if I did not say I was ready to go I should be
sent to Canton ana have tny head out ofil"
Oh, most foul perversion of the true purpose
of ail government! The Constitution which
binds together this happy Kepublic was framed
to promote the welfare of the people, and to
insure to them the blessings of liberty; but this
Chinese plan is evidently designed to promote
the misery of the people and to insuie to them
all the horrors of slavery. But I will examine
this remarkable trial a little more closely by
and by.
I have now alluded to two modes—kid-
napping, and the edicts of the Government—
by which traders are enabled to secure their
supplies of Chinese slaves, and before I pre-
sent what I conceive to be conclusive evi-
dence of the wide extent and general direc-
tion of the trade, I desire to state that I be-
lieve that by far the most prolific source from
which these supplies emanate is the poverty,
ignorance, and degradation of the coolies
themselves. Suffering from want, stupefied
by the poisonous fumes of the opium-pipe,
with no conception of the sublime idea of
freedom, and though in very truth a slave,
not knowing that there is a "deeper damna-
tion" in the hold of the slave-ship and under
the lash of the task-master than he has yet
laiown, he falls an eagy prey to the wiles of
the slave-trader, and almost before any con-
ception of what he is doing pierces his be-
fogged brain, he has for a few pieces of sil-
ver bartered away his labor, either for a life-
time or for a term of years, and he is held
to his contract by a bond stronger than ten
thousaud cables of steel.
Iam aware, Mr. Speaker, that there are hon-
prable gentlemen in this body who do nor be-
lieve that any such thing as Chinese slavery
exists, and who are listening to me merely out
of courtesy to a brother member, but who say
in their hearts that these charges are but the
outcroppings ofa Californian prejudice against
Chinamen. Now I ask these gentlemen to
listen a little longer, and if they are not con-
vinced of the truth of what I say, then facts
with them are of no value as evidence.
As early as 1862 a Republican Congress
passed a law to prohibit the cooly trade with
China, which in its remedial part is very sim-
ilar to the one now before this House. In
fact, the consular examination clause in this
bill was suggested to me by that law ; the only
difference being that the clause in this bill is
fuller, and instead of one permit being given
for a whole ship-load of passengers, under
which half of them may be slaves whom the
consul has never seen, we have here a clause
which requires a personal permit for each pas-
senger, and a heavy fine upon any vessel
which lands Chinese passengers in the United
States without this consular permit. Thus
we see that as early as ten years ago the
attention of the American people was directed
to this infamous traffic, and that the Congress
of the United States attempted—in a very
lame manner, it is true—but still attempted
to prohibit it by law.
On the 27th of January, 1870, Mr. H. M.
Brent, of the American legation in Peru, sent
to Mr. Low, the American minister to China,
a petition signed by the Chinese companies
resident in Peru, and known as the Swatow
Guild, the Kwang Tung Guild, and the Tung
Sheng Club, setting forth the distress of the
Chinese coolies in Peru, and praying the Gov-
ernment of China to appoint an envoy to in-
quire into their condition. I present here the
translation made by Mr. Drew, for two pur-
poses: first, to show that the Chinese cooly
before leaving China selis or allows his Gov-
ernment to sell his labor for a term of years,
and is thus for that time a slave in every sense
of the term; and secondly, to show that the
barbarities of the old slave system necessarily
find their counterparts in this Chinese system
ol involuntary servitude. I read the docu-
ment :
"OhSng Uhuan, Wen TJsh-lin, Cheng Chun-ta, and
Lin Hu-shih, representing the Kwang Tuug and
Fu-Keen Guilds, all being Chinese subjects lost
abroad, with their foreheads to the ground, present ;
a petition to your excellency. They cast themselves !
upon your heaven-like intelligence, that the insolent I
deception and cruelly oppressive treatment suffered I
by Chinese subjects at the hands of wicked barba- I
nans may bo inquired into. Petitioners would hum- ,
bly set forth that the reason why, though born and
bred in China, they took service abroad is because |
they were unable to gain a livelihood at home, ow- j
ing to the swarm [like bees] of lebels and robbers
from the fourth year ofHeen FSng. (1351.) Later, m i
the eighth year of Keen Feng, (1858,) there appeared j
a joint notification by his excellency Hwang, gov- i
ernor general of tile two Kwang provinces, and his i
excellency Pih, governor of Kwang Tung, to the ef-
fect that rules of agreement had been entered into I
with England and France, with reference to the !
engagement of laborers to go to Peru, the period
of service to be eight years."
Here you see that by order of the Govern-
ment these men have become slaves for eight
years.
" On the expiry of which term those thus engaged
to be sent home, &c.; and consequently the num-
ber of emigrants wno have come xo Peru since that
year is no less than several myriads,"
Poor laboring man of Peru ! No less than
" several myriads of these slaves to compete
with your labor 011 your native soil. Your
wife_ and children may lack the necessaries
of life, but the rich slave-owner will grow
richer nevertheless. But J read agaiu :
" But, far from what was expected, the barbarians
have shown themselves treacherous in many ways.
In China, when they were seeking men, they spoke
of our taking service as laborers, and designated us
guests,' [i. e., visitors abroad ;] on landing in their
country, however, they said we had ' sold ourselves,'
and called us 'slaves.' Furthermore, they beat and
swear at us with great violence, and feed and clothe
us insufficiently; they brand two characters on the
sideot the face as isdoneinUhina in casesot banish-
ment; they fasten shackles on the ankles, just as if
we were, captured prisoners. We have to till the
soil or dig canals, day and night; with flogging and
heating to death, one cannot reckon the number of
resentful ghosts. Notwithstanding rules of agree-
ment were drawn up, m how many instances have
they been regarded? While it was stated that we
should be sent home, yet, who, we ask, has been so
sent on the expiry of the term of services? Alas!
Alasl Your suppliants went forth from a land of
reason and justice to one where no sense of right
prevails; from being the faithful subjects of a great
country we have unwittingly fallen into the poison-
ous clutch of barbarian slaves." * ■* * *
"The avarice and crueltyof the wealthy merchants
is wolf-like, and the vexations treatment of the for-
eign [Peruvian] officials is like a tiger. Our coun-
trymen cannot make a motion without its being
construed into a fault."
What a picture of the old slave life in its
worst aspects. Can any gentleman here draw
a better or more vivid one? I think not. But
it is worth while to hear the pathetic appeal
which closes this petition:
May 11,1871.
Tour petitioners, in sore distress at the cruelties
inflicted, and with a sense of resentment for the liv-
ing and the dead, have prepared a petition in com-
mon, supplicating your favor to save and lift them
up; they would beg your excellency to have the
emperor memorialized to exercise his special grace,
and commission an envoy to proceed to Peru to make
an investigation, when the wicked barbarians must
certainly put a stop to their cruel conduct; or, tail-
ing this, to commission the minister of the United
States to act for him. Then the restoration of your
humble petitioners from death to life will be the gift
of your excellency. On our knees we present this
petition, praying that your excellency's posterity
may be ennobled for all generations,
The humble members of the Kwang Tung Guild,
and of the Fukeen Guild, prostrate themselves.
Petitions presented on the 26th day of January,
(according to the accidental date.) True translation:
EDWARD B. DREW.
"Then the restoration of your petitioners
from death to life will be the gift, of your
excellency." How true the words, for slavery
is a living death, and freedom to man is life
itself.
Here, then, we find by the evidenee of the
coolies themselves that the Chinese slave sys-
tem exists in Peru, and that it is recognized
at least by the provincial governors of the
Chinese empire.
In the very able and exhaustive paper on
theTien-Tsin massacre, dated at Shanghai on
the 22d August, 1871, and sent to the State
Department by its author, Mr. G. F. Seward,
the consul general at Shanghai, we are told
that kidnapping for slave-trade purposes has
been practiced extensively in China for many
years, both by foreigners and by natives.
"I refer"—
Says Mr. Seward—
" to the cooly trade, the last of which has not yet
been seen. I do not doubt that in years gone by tno
number of Chinese carried off against their will, to
be sold into a servitude from which death might be
esteemed a happy relief, has reached annually ten
times that of the foreign men and women murdered
at Xien-Tsin."
But I must hurry on. On the 2-5th of
March, 1871, Justice Smale, chief justice of
the supreme court at Hong Kong, rendered a
decision in the case of one II wok, a Sing, whose
rendition was claimed by the Chinese Govern-
ment on the ground that he was guilty of the
crime of murder, committed on the Chinese
seas, by assisting in the killing of the captain
and crew of a Cooly-ship called the Nouvelle
Penelope, in which the learned judge refuses
the lendition, and releases the prisoner on the
specific ground that the captain and crow were
engaged in the slave trade, and that these
coolies were being taken to foreign countries
to be sold as slaves, and had a natural right
to regain their liberty even at the expense of
taking the lives of those who held them in
custody. To show that I do not misstate the
reasoning of the learned chief justice. 1 quote
from the decision:
" Mr. Francis contends that the depositions dis-
close no offence whatever, assuming for this pur-
pose that on all his other points he has failed. He
wisely left it for the attorney general to prove the
affirmative, to show what offense if any this man
had committed, that onus being on the accuser. The
attorney general selected portions of the deposi-
tions, which, if true,clearly showed that the prisoner
was active in the Ohina cooly rising, and that he
took part in the light in which thecaptam and eight
of the crew were killed. Tins fact is, as I assume,
not denied by Mr. Francis, buthe adopts very perti-
nently the well-known rule of evidence iri criminal
