1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3531
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, the
object of this bill is to quiet title to several
lots of school lands reserved in the Territory
of Washington which were sold under the
authority of the territorial Legislature and
the money received by the counties and de-
voted to the school funds. The territorial act
contained these words: reserving the lands in
this form, that they should be "reserved for
the purpose of being applied to the common
schools in the Territory." The language was
unusual, and the territorial Legislature per-
haps ^iad some color in supposing the territo-
rial act disposed of these lands. They passed
an act for that purpose; but before any con-
siderable disposition of the lands took place
the error was discovered. A few lots of land
were sold and the money actually paid, and
the parties have made their homes there and
resided on them. The money was all paid
into the county treasury. There is no danger
of a repetition of this mistake.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the gentlemen from
Ohio to where this bill goes a little too far.
A quantity of lands in Washington Territory,
I happen to know because of a litigation con-
cerning them, was claimed under the donation
act of the United States, which have been con-
veyed by the territorial Legislature to railroads
and other parties. The question is now going
on between the settlers under the donation act
and the railroads. The prosecution is now
going on, or I would not have known what is
going on in Washington Territory. I suggest
to the gentleman to add another proviso :
Provided, Such lands be not claimed under the
donation laws of the United States.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would like the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to explain what
they are.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In Wash-
ington and Oregon Territories a law of the
United States provided that anybody who
would settle for five years on lands and occupy
them should have the lands without payment
of any money. It is equivalent to what is now
our homestead law. It applied to Oregon
Territory, which embraced then what is now
Washington arid Oregon.
Mr. S TEVENSON. I do not object to the
gentleman inserting the words " not adversely
claimed."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
I move to insert:
Provided, These lands are not adversely claimed
under the donation laws of the United States.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not think there
is enough of these lauds to pay him for attend-
ing to this matter.
The amendment of Mr. Botler, of Massa-
chusetts, was agreed to.
The amendment of the committee was then
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed j and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
benjamin w. reynolds.
Mr. DUNNELL,'' from the Committee on
tbe Public Lands, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 1634) for the relief of Benjamin W. Rey-
nolds, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, in its first section
provides that the sum ot $2,175 be, and the
same is hereby, allowed to Benjamin W. Rey-
nolds, late receiver of the land office at St.
Croix Falls, Wisconsin, for the money neces-
sarily paid out and expended by Benjamin
W. Reynolds in the payment of clerks neces-
sarily employed in the land office between
the 16th of May, 1861, and the 15th of July,
1864. The second section provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to pay Benjamin W.
Reynolds $2,175 out of any money in the
Ireasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DUNNELL. I demaud the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion, thereof, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DUNNELL moved'to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ATCHISON, TOPEKA, AND SANTA J?B RAILROAD.
Mr. DUNNELL also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 2772)
to extend the time for the completion of the
Atchison, Topeka, and Santa F6 railroad, and
secure lands to actual settlers.
The bill was read. It provides that the time
for the completion of the Atchison, Topeka,
and Santa F6 railroad, as prescribed by an act
entitled "An act for a grant of lands to the
State of Kansas, in alternate sections, to aid
in the construction of certain railroads and
telegraphs in the State," approved March 3,
1863, be, and the same is hereby, extended to
March 3, 1875; provided that the railroad
company shall complete its railroad and tele-
graph from the city of Atchison, on the Mis-
souri river, to the crossing of Pawnee Fork,
near Fort Larned, by the 1st of January, 1873.
The bill in its second section provides
that the lands granted by the act of March 3,
1863, and lying west of the point at which the
road and telegraph shall be constructed sub
sequent to March 3, 1873, (excepting only such
as are necessary to reserve for the use of the
company,) shall be sold to actual settlers only,
and in quantities not more than one hundred
and sixty acres to any one person, under such
restrictions and regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Interior, at
such prices as will secure to said company, its
successors and assigns, an average price
of not more than $2 50 per acre, for the
land actually certified for each completed
section of twenty miles of the railroad, sub-
ject to the foregoing conditions and limita-
tions; the company, as fast as each section
of its road shall be completed, shall receive
patents as provided in the act of March 3,
1863, for such odd sections of land as may be
necessary to make up deficiencies in the sec-
tion, or on any other completed sections of
the road, and which may be situated within
the indemnity limits prescribed in the act of
March 3, 1863; provided that the Atchison,
Topeka, and Santa F6 Railroad Company
shall not be entitled under this or any past
act to any of the lands conveyed in trust to
the United States by the second article of
the treaty with the Great and Little Osage
Indians, concluded September 29, 1865, and
proclaimed January 21, 1867.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the previous
question will not be ordered on this bill until
it is understood.
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask for the reading of
the joint resolution of the Legislature of Kan-
sas upon this subject, and also the report which
accompanies the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Dunnell] cannot expect a bill
of this character to go through without con-
sideration.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
ask the gentleman from Minnesota if this bill
does more than extend the time for the com-
pletion of the railroad? .
Mr. DUNNELL. That is all. It extends
the time. The time has not expired as yet,
but another year additional is given by the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the House will
not be misled by general terms. We hope to
show that this bill will give lands to the com-
pany which would not otherwise be given.
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask for the reading of
the resolution' of the Legislature of Kansas.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolution of the Legislature of Kansas, conoerning
the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa F6 Railroad
Company, and the extension of the time for the
completion of its railroad.
licit resolved bp the Legislature of the State of Kan-
sas, That the Congress of the United States is hereby
earnestly requested to pass an act providing for the
extension ot the time for the completion of the
Atchison, Topeka, and Santa F6 railroad and tele-
graph to the west boundary of the State of Kansas
until the 3d day of March, A. D, 1877, and preserving
to the Atohison,, Topekn, and Santa Fe Railroad
Company, during the period of such extension, all
the rights, privileges, and immunities accruing to
said railroad company under the act of Congress en-
titled " An act for a grant of lands to the State of
Kansas, in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain rnilroads and telegraphs in said
State," approvod March 3, A. D. 1863, and under an
actor the State of Kansas entitled " An act to accept
a grant of land made to the State of Kansas by the
Congress of the United States to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads and telegraphs in said
State, and to apply the same to the construction of
such roads and telegraphs," approved February 9,
1864, and the assent of the State of Kansas is hereby
given to such extension, and to tho preservation
of the rights, privileges, and immunities as afore-
said ; and if the said railroad company shall have its
railroad and telegraph constructed from tho Mis-
souri river to the west lino of the State of Kansas
on or before the 3d day of March, A. 1). 1877, tho said
company shall be on titled to all tho rights, privileges,
and immunities that it would have boon entitled to
had the atoresaid act of Congress limited the time
for the completion of said railroad to Maroh 3,1877,
instead of March 3,1873: Provuled/E\iQ sn id railroad
company shall complete its railroad and telegraph
from the city of Atchison, on the Missouri river, to
tho crossing of Pawnee Fork, near Fort Larned, by
the 1st day of January, 1873: Provided, further.
That nothing heroin sliall be held to affect the
rights or obligations of any other railroad oompany
mentioned in tho aforesaid act of Congress, and of
the State of Kansas.
Skc. 2. That our Senators are hereby instructed,
and our Representative requested, to use all honor-
ablo means to secure' tho passage of the act contem-
plated in the foregoing section.
Skc. 3. That tho secretary of State is hereby di-
rected to transmit forthwith to our Senators and
Representative in Congress, and to the President of
the Senate rtud Speaker of tho Uouse of Represent-
atives, certified copies of tho foregoing resolution.
Skc.4. This resolution shall take effect and be in
force from and after publication in the Kansas
Weekly Commonwealth.
Approved, February 6,1872.
I, W. II. Small wood, secretary of State of the Stat©
of Kansas, do hereby certify that tho foregoing and
appended printed slip is a truo and correct, copy of
the original resolution now on file in my office.
In testimony whereof 1 have hereunto subscribed
my name and alRxcd the grcnt seal of the State.
Done at Topeka, this (Jth day of February, A. D.
1872. •
r i W.IL SMALLWOOD,
tfj* ticcr<:t<trt/ of State*
Mr. BUNNELL. The House will perceive
that this is no land grant at all. It is not a
revival of an expired land grant. It will be
perceived also that the Legislature of Kansas
with great unanimity desire that the present
company completing this road shall have more
time. The Government intrusted these lands
to the State of Kansas for this purpose. The
work was suspended during the war.
In 1868 parlies took hold of this road, and
they have been at work with wonderful vigor,
energy, and success. They have built the most
substantial road in the West, one hundred and
fifty seven miles in length. The time has not
expired. Members will have observed from
the facts laid before the House that there are
ten months of unexpired time. The Legis-
lature of Kansas are aware that those ten
months are not sufficient time within which
to build the road, and having the utmost con-
fidence in this company going on in good faith
and completing a most substantial road, they
ask that a little additional time be given that
they may not only complete the road, but may
complete it in a substantial and satisfactory
manner.
Now, here is the question and the simpio
