1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1739
cases, that the hypothesis of delinquency must be
consistent with all the facts proved. He suggests
that the inference from tbe evidence, all tainted
more or less by coercion on the Chinese witnesses
(one manifestly with the sword suspended over his
neck) by animosity in the French seamen, is that all
thesecoolies were in fact under coercion, amounting
to unjustifiable and entirely illegal imprisonment;
that they all had, according to English law, theright
to regain their inalienable personal liberty as much
as if it were to save their lives, and that they did no
more." *****£.{.**
"I hold that the prisoner was beyond question
under unlawful coercion, assuming, as I must and
do assume, the law on board the Nouvelle Penelope
to be the same as the English law here is, and on the
authority of the Felicidade, Den. C. C., reserved,
vol. 1. pages 104-154, referred to and commented on
in 1 Phil. Int. Law, 333-834, it is to me clear that
according to English law a man under unlawful
restraint of his personal liberty at sea, as well as on
shore, has a right to take life to free himself from
such constraint on his personal liberty: and further,
on the authority before cited, to use his masters' or
captors' property necessary to effect his object, that
object being in itself not only a lawful but a laud-
able object. This would seem to be the first law
of nature, the right of self-preservation, of liberty
equally with life, which is tully sustained by text-
books and cases."
Then, after citing authorities to uphold this
view, he adds;
" It is clear from the evidence that this prisoner
and the coolies were being taken forcibly, against
their wills, (there is certainly no evidence of consent
by the prisoner,) to a destination they desired not to
go to; this is manifest in the depositions; froui the
waitings of some of the coolies; from the declara-
tion by others, to the number of one hundred, that
they had been kidnapped; from the marching the
coolies on board under an cscort of soldiers at
Macao as if they had been convicts, and by the acts
of desperation by two of the coolies who jumped
oveiboard to put an end to their miserable lives,
successful (may I not say happily successful) in one
case. I hold that this coercion, enforced as it was
by cannon planted, and raking the coolies'dens,
and by grape-shot in reserve against these coolies,
was a crime irrespective of the acts to abolish
slavery. Again, the Jaw quoted from Mr. Justice
Forster, in 1 Russell, page 895, is thus stated: a man
may repel force in defense of his person, habitation,
or property, against one who manifestly intends
and endeavors by violence or surprise to commit
a known felony upon either, and the very exception
mentioned by Former, 4 this rules does not apply to
any crime unaccompanied with force, as picking
pockets, points the rule as including such force and
coercion as were here applied/"
I would like to give the House the benefit of
this able decision ; but as I am simply offering
proof of tbe existence of the Chinese slave
trade, I will only read two or three paragraphs
more as tending to elucidate the truth in that
regard. The chief justice says, farther on :
" The barrier across the deck, abaft the mainmast,
was constructed of strong wood, about four inches
square, seven or eight feet high. There were two
open-barred doors opening aft in the barrier, and
there was a cannon at each door with the muzzle
pointed forward. The cannon werenotloadcd. The
coolies were not allowed to go aft of the barrier.
There was a sentry at one door during the day, and
the doors were closed during the night. The coolies
were all belowduring the night, and one of thecrew
stationed at the gangway. The coolies were not
allowed to come up during the night excepting for
necessary purposes. The crew were all berthed aft
of the barrier. The ship's arms were in the saloon
and captain's cabin—about twelve muskets and
bayonets, some swords, and about twenty revolvers.
These latter were in the captain's cabin. I know
that th^re was gunpowder on board and some grape-
shot. There was no grape-shot kept on deck. Ac-
cording to the cases this appears to me be prima
facie evidence not rebutted ot the fitting up of a
slaver.
" Were the Chinamen on board slaves? I assume,
as I have before said, that white men, that is, in this
caf.e (Jhill omen, are within the acts. I collect the
evidence of the treatment to which this prisoner
and the other coolies were subjected from the dep-
ositions. The chief witness, Wong Ahee, for the
prosecution, deposed thus, under threats from a
kidnapper, whom I consider as an agent for the
captain : ' I expressed to the authorities my willing-
ness to become an emigrant to Peru, but in my heart
I was not willing, and I was afraid to say so, because
Chea Ahfook (the kidnapper) told me if I did not
say I was ready to go I should be sent to Canton and
have my head cut off!' We find from the same wit-
ness also (page 2) that three days after they sailed
one of the 'emigrants' jumped overboard and
was drowned, and that the chief mate beat some of
the coolies for playing at fantan. Ihis witness
further said:
" 'I was angrv with Chea Ahfook for deceiving me.
I did not want to go to Peru, but. I was forced to go
on board ship. When I went oil board i. was fol-
lowed by two or three foreigners, and some, of those
belonging to the "barraeoon." X mean, I and the
party of about thirty coolies that went on board
with me. Some of these were willing to go, some
were unwilling, some told me that they came will-
ingly, others that they had been kidnapped, and wo
talked over the matter. Some said that they would
have to work eight years, and perhaps would not
live to return to their country. I never talked about
getting means to free ourselves.' Paul Perrot, one
of thecrew, deposes that while at Macao, and before
sailing from Macao for Cailao, a coofy jumped over-
board and tried to swim to shore, and was picked up
and put in irons for an hour; and that on the 34
October, when out of sight of land, one other cooly
jumped overboard and was drowned, though a boat
was lowered, thus preferringdeath to the coercion to
which he was subjected, and who will blame a choice
for which many an European has been eulogized as
a hero, in preferring death to slavery? The same
witness, one of the crew, describes how the coolies
were taken on board, guarded as convicts would be:
One hundred and eighty coolies were brought on
board the first day. They came off in three boats;
there were three, four, or five Portuguese soldiers in
each boat with muskets and fixed bayonets. All the
remainder of the coolies came on board in three or
four boats the day before sailing, each boat had some
armed soldiers on board. One of those that first
came on board was crying, and the same night he
jumped overboard, he was picked up out of the
water, all the others were quiet, they had freedom to
go where they pleased about the ship."
I now turn to the correspondence sent by
the United States consul at Hong Kong, Mr.
Bailey, to the State Department here, and 1
find that under date of April 25, 1871, he says:
"The subject of Chinese emigration from this port
to the United States has claimed my careful thought
and patient investigation for the last four months,
with a view to get at the facts, and to understand it
in its surroundings and bearings. The whole sub-
ject is an anomaly. Rules that will do elsewhere
in the world, when applied in considering questions
of immigration, have no application to Chinese im-
migration to the United States. Immigrants to
America from other parts of the world go of their
own volition, free and voluntary. Emigration from
China to all parts of the world is an organized busi-
ness or trade, in which men of large capital and
hongs of great wealth, engage as a regular traffic, by
which men are bought and sold for so much per
head, precisely asapiece of merchandise is handled,
at its market value. The poor laborer of Europe
applies his own scanty means to get to the land of
promise, or is assisted by his friends, charitable so-
cieties, or benevolent institutions, to roach a place
where he hopes to have his toil properly requited,
where his labor will inure to his own benefit. The
cooly of China is bought by the rich trader to serve
his purchaser at low wages for a scries of years in a
foreign country, under contract for the faithful per-
formance of which in many instances he gives a
mortgage on his wife and children, with a stipula-
tion that at the end of his term of service he is to be
brought back to China by his purchaser. This con-
tract is sold by the dealer through his agents in the
United States and elsewhere at alarge advance, and
is a source -;f great profit to capitalists who have
the means to buy and sell large numbers of men.
This contract, in the United States, is no doubt
null and void, but nevertheless the cooly will com-
ply strictly with all its terms, a copy of which in
Chinese characters is always in his possession, and
this he will do because his purchaser holds his house-
hold lares in the land to which he always hopes and
expects.to return, in pledge forthc faithful perform-
ance of his bonds. Tho cential idea of a China-
man's ) eligion, if hehasanv religion at all,is that
of the worship of the tombs of his ancestors. The
superstitions of Fung-Shusy dominate him wherever
he may be in the world. Tho subtile mysticisms of
China so strangely governing all its people in their
social, political, and quasi religious life arc as a
hook in his nose, by which his purchaser controls
him at all times and in nil places; and thus this rela-
tion of master and quasi slave, no matter how many
miles apart, is welded by the mystical links of reli-
gious superstitions, family ties, and rights of ances-
tral tombs, which control and regulate the reciprocal
duties of trader and cooly in the home-land.
"The means of obtaining coolies are as various as
the ingenuity of man can devise, and are as corrupt
as the incenli"c to large gains can stimulate and
invent. Men and boys are decoyed by all sorts of
tricks, opiates, and illusory promises, into tho
haunts of the traders. Once in the clutches of these
men-dealers, by a system of treachery and terror-
ism connived at by the local Chinese authorities,
whose chief business in life is to ' squeeze' the peo-
ple, the stupefied cooly is overawed into making
a contract under such Chinese influences and sur-
roundings as give it a sacredness of character no-
where else known in the world. From that moment
he is the mere tool of the rich dealer wherever he
may go. It is difficult for persons accustomed to
• western civilization to understand the depth and
extent of this relationship; but Chinese civilization
is unique, perhaps opaque, and cannot bo measured
by that of any other."
And this is the language of the American
consul. Surely this House needs no further
proofs as to the fact of the existence of this
damnable traffic.
Mr. Bailey closes this dispatch with—
" It will be asserted that I am putting obstacles in
the way of commerce. I will endeavor to do my
duty, let the conseqences care for themselves. Well,
so far as concorns that commerce which has fur its
object the buying and selling of men, I propose to
put obstacles in its way. Legitimate emigration
ana legitimate commerce shall have my active co-
operation and encouragement in every possible law-
fulway; but if commerce demands at my hands
assistance m a new mode of enslaving men, differ-
ing from the African slave-trade 'in little eUe than
the employment of fraud instead of force to make
its victims captive/1 will not lend my aid to build
up its nefarious traffic, nor bow to the behests of the
great houses that are interested in forcing this great
wrong."
Truly, a worthy representative of free and
enlightened America. May we always be rep-
resented both abroad and in this building by-
gentlemen as solicitous for the great cause of
human freedom as Mr. Bailey shows himself
to be in these last sentences. In looking at
his terrible indictment against this foul system
of slavery, gentlemen will do well to remem-
ber that Mr. Bailey is not imbued with any
California prejudice against these people; and
that a strong sense of justice alone impels him,
at every risk to himself, to inform his Gov-
ernment that this infamous traffic is so com-
mon that among the thousands of Chinese who
reach our shores annually scarcely one is a
free emigrant, but that they all are owned by
some rich "hong," who buys and sells them
at so much per head!
Mr. Speaker, I might pile document upon
document and proof on proof from this time
till to-morrow morning, but I desist, for if
what I have already shown does not convince
every gentleman present of the existence,
extent, and enormity of this hell-born spawn
of African slavery, then I may certainly be
allowed to say that there are other people
besides Californians who are governed by preju-
dice on this Chinese question. However, from
the mountain of evidence at hand, I desire to
read one more document bearing directly upon
this trade as it exists between China and the
United States.
In Mr. Bailey's dispatch, No. 63, to the
State Department, under date of September
12, 1871, he says:
Sir : Referring to my dispatches Nos. 33 and 35,1
have the honor to inclose an official communication
from the colonial secretary of this colony, with ac-
companying documents, concerning the shipment
of coolies hence to the United States by Mr. George
E.Payne. Alarge proportion of the coolies referred
to xn the registrar general's letter had undoubtedly
been inveigled, and some kidnapped, by the cooly
broker Lai-on, who is, as I learn, a notorious Macao
dealer in human flesh. Fortunately, the coolies all
escaped from the vessel, (the Pacific mail steamer
China,) and are now at liberty.
As I have frequently stated before, I repeat now,
that the entire traffic is top-full of fraud, corrup-
tion, and the most brutal inhumanity.
I have, &c., DAVID H. BAILEY.
And here it is but just to say that I know
from a gentleman high in authority in the Pa-
cific Mail Company, that that company is will-
ing and anxious to cooperate with the Gov-
ernment in crushing out this trade, and that
when their vessels are used for the purpose
of bringing slaves they are purposely kept in
ignorance of the matter, for it is well known
by the slave-traders that they are earnestly
opposed to this degrading traffic.
But to return. The correspondence alluded
to in this dispatch just read is short, aud I
read it entire:
[No. 74.]
Mr. Smith to Mr. Austin.
Registrar General's Office.
IIong Kong. August 14,1871.
Sir : On Friday last, the 11th instant, some inem-*
bers of the board of direction brought me the
inclosed Chineseletter, (translationannexed,) which
purported to come from some one who was, against
his will, on board the outgoing American mail
steamer bound for Sail Francisco. Having sent for
the Chinese broker, I gathered from hitn the inform-
ation given in his statement, annexed, and finding
that tho intending emigrants had all come on
shore, it did not seern necessary to take any imme-
diate action in the matter. However, as 1 learned
that the coolies, as alleged, were to have signed
the contracts when on board, after the steamer had
left tbe harbor, I think it right to bring the subject
to the notice of his excellency the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor, as, If true, there was an attempt at. infring-
ing the emigration laws. , . . _ . t „ ,,
A copy of the contract, which I obtained from the
Chinese broker, is inclosed.
I hai e, SMITH, Registrar General
