1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2635
bv the preseut posture of the tea and coffee
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
now state to the Senator from New York that
iti his opinion the question of whether wrong
is being done by not acting on the tea and
coffee bill is certainly debate on the merits of
that bill. He dislikes to interrupt and express
his opinion to Senators, but the desire of the
Senate is not to discuss the merits of a prop-
osition until something is before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair is quite right,
no doubt. I do not intend to trench on the
rule, even in reply to others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair re-
minded the Senator from Illinois of the same
rule. .
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware of it; aud
1 do liQt mean to trench at all upon the rule.
I take the suggestion very kindly.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to make this sugges-
tion to the Senator from New Yoik with his
permission, as he is providing means for the
Senator from Ohio and myself to absent our-
belves from the Senate by arranging to pair
for us, that perhaps we both understand our-
selves and we may want to argue this ques-
tion further. Will the gentleman pair his
speech off with one that I may possibly make
hereafter ? Would that be a lair pair ?
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
from Illinois will accept a compliment from so
poor a source, I venture to say to him that he
will not be able in any future stages ot the de-
bate upon the Abbott question to add a great
deal to that which he said so well and so ex-
haustively the other day.
Mr. LOGAN. I accept the compliment, ot_
course, it' it was intended as such and I only
say by way of suggestion to the benator that
" those connected with the committee may desire
to reply to what may be said, and a wish to have
• the case fairly presented will, perhaps, prevent
the absence of any Senators of the committee,
not that they presume that they could enlighten
the Senate by any means, but that they wish
to present the case as well as they possibly
can ill all its aspects. In reference to this
question, it is unfair, in my judgment to make
the argument that pairs can be made tor the
purpose of obviating the difficulty. . i
Mr. CONKLING. I am sorry to continue
this discussion even for a moment, and 1 will
promise to be very brief. I will say to the
Senator from Illinois that of course everybody
knows that you cannot in the same act com-
bine all the advantages of a Senator s being
present and being absent. Every pair tna, a
Senator makes implies that lie does no ,'a^e
all the advantages that he might have it he
were present. 1 nevertheless repeat the te-
mark, and no Senator will differ with me, that
there are but few questions presented to the
Senate which enable Senators to pair with so
little inconvenience and with such piecise
equality of result as a question confined to a
point single and distinct like the question
before us on the North Carolina senatorial
was'going to make one other observation
and only one. The Senator from Vermont,
I ilr. Morrill,] either under the rule or m
spite of the rule urged upon our regard the
consideration that we were going to ynild up
something if we take up the tea and coffte bill
and act upon it. I beheve I shall not discuss
the merits of that bill if I remind the Senate
that the tea and coffee bill upon our tab
has no question of privilege or Prer0|a'
conneced with it. Nobody, I presume, doubts
our right to take up that bill and act upon it,
and if I may say it with entire respect to my
honorable friend, it seems to me it is a very far-
fetched suggestion that because on another
bill about other matters some question has
arisen between the two Houses, we cannot take
uplhis bill entirely void of offense toward
anybody on a question ot difference, and act
on that. Therefore I shall not vote to lake
up the question of privilege; I shall let it
stand for a more convenient season, and I
shall do so in the hope that this most urgent
measure may be taken up and acted upon, as
I think it can be in a very short time.
Mr. SCOTT. I simply wish to correct a
misapprehension under which my friend from
Vermont labors. He urged as a reason why
the senatorial election case should be pro
ceededwith, the absence of the Senator from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance. I wish to state now as I have here-
tofore stated, that learning that the Senator
from Ohio was likely to be absent, I stated
the fact to him that 1 would call this bill up at
the earliest, opportunity ; so that he had that
knowledge before he left. I would recall also to
the mind of my friend from Vermont—1 am
sorry he is not in his seat—that the Senator
from Ohio accepted publicly in the face ot the
Senate the vote of the Senate given as conclu-
sive on this question, and therefore he has no
further controversy to make about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the North Carolina election case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I shall not vote
to take up this case at the present time, and
for the reason that I think these other matters
demand the attention of the Senate of a more
business-like character. Although I agree that
this question is important, yet everybody will
understand that it is that, importance which
attaches itself to a general proposition which
is political ill its character, and which can wait.
Nobody will be particularly embarrassed it it
does wait, certainly the business of the country
will not be, and wc are brought now face to
face with propositions which cannot, wait, which
are exigent, and demand immediate attention.
For that reason I shall vote againt this^prop-
osition, and my judgment is that, if the Senate
proposes 10 adjourn this summer, we have got
to consider those questions which lie very near
the immediate duty of the Senate. We have
a class of measures that are pressing upon
us constantly for immediate aclion, which
have got to be considered before this Senate
can adiourn, and they cannot be postponed an-
other day without detriment to the public ser-
vice They have been postponed days and
weeks already, to the detriment of the public
service. Now, I do not think it admits ot a
doubt what the Senate ought to do. It ought
not to take up this case, in my judgment; it
ought to take up the bill which lies nearest, the
public service, and that is the deficiency bill
In my judgment tea and coffee can wait tor
that It will not have to wait long ; perhaps
that bill can be taken up this very day, and
will make no objection after the deficiency bill
is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of t.he Senator frpm Illinois, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
North Carolina election case.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 28, noes 16.
Mr. WEST called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered. .
Mr. HOWE. I want to say m two words
that I shall vote against proceeding to the con-
sideration of the North Carolina question, for
the simple reason that I think it is not so im-
portant that the Senate act, upon that question
to-day as that it act upon the House bill which
we tried to take upon Saturday evening last;
but while for this reason I shall vote against
taking up the North Carolina question to-day,
I wish to say that as a matter of justice to
Senators who are interested m that, and who 1
understand are obliged to leave here, I shall
oppose the consideration of that question
uutil these Senators return and are able to ta*e
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, it is pro-
posed to set aside the North Carolina case
especially to proceed with the bill moved by
the Senator from Pennsylvania. To my mind
there is one complete reason why we should not
proceed with that bill; it is theabsence of the
Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the^ Fi-
nance Committee.^ I do not see how my friend
from Pennsylvania can press the bill in the
absence of the chairman. 1 certainly do not
see how the Senate can undertake to set aside
other business which has been appointed for
this very.day in order to press that bill in the
absence of the chairman of the committee.
It seems to me that there is a definitive reason
why we should proceed with the North Caro-
lina case ; at least why we should not proceed
with the tea and coffee bill.
There is another reason why I think we had
better go on with the North Carolina ease.
It, is that it is according to agreement and un-
derstanding. We have come here to-day with
that, as the appointed business ; and it, seems
to me that we should set an example at least
of order if we go on with what was appointed.
I hope, therefore, that there will be no ques-
tion that the North Carolina case will be taken
up and proceeded with to the end.
Senators remind us that there are other very
important, questions that must be disposed of
betore we close. Yes, sir; but this must be
disposed of, and now we are upon it, why not
finish it and get it out of the way ?
Mr. HOWE. Let me say one word more.
I admit it would be a little more agreeable to
my feelings to proceed to the consideration of
the bill moved by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania if the Senator from Ohio, the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, were present,
but 1 insist upon it that the Senate is compe-
tent, to consider that bill and act upon it even
in the absence of the Senator from Ohio, all
the more so because we know precisely, or at
least 1 think .we know precisely what would be
th.e action of the Senator from Ohio if he were
here. The Senator from Pennsylvania has
iust told us that he had ceased to struggle
a«ainst that measure Now, while it might be
a° little more convenient and a little more
agreeable to the feelings of some of us to have
the Senator from Ohio present when that bill
is considered, what is the consideration which
calls upon the Senate to proceed with the hill
moved by the Senator irom Pennsylvania ^ it
is not a question of convenience. There is a
great business interest of the country which
to-day actually screams with agony because the
Legislature will not settle that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair regrets
to have to inform the Senator from Wisconsin
that he thinks this is debate on the merits ot
that proposition; but if the Senate desire to
debate the merits, the Chair does not wish to
interpose further. He has repeatedly stated
that the rule provides that the merits ot a prop-
osition shall not be debated until something is
taken up.. , , . ...
Mr HOWE. I think the Chair will agree
that not one word that I said touched tue menta
of the question whether we shall put tea aud
coffee on the free list or not, because the
Chair will nqt undertake to say that he could
tell which way I would vote if the question
were up. I was simply saying why we should
proceed to settle the question to-day, not how
we should settle it; but 1 say we ought to give
heed to this earnest desire ot this great busi-
ness, that the two Houses should finally act
together, and should act in concert m favor ot
the measure that tach separately has expressed
^VhevfcE^RBSIDENX. The Chair will say
to the Senator from Wisconsin that lie desires
to be impartial in his decisions, and if he ruled
in order the remarks of the Senator m regard
to a great interest in this country having a
right to scream and inveigh against the nori-
action of Congress, then replies to that would
certainly be in order involving the whole ques-
tion of the merits of the bill proposed to be
taken up for consideration, li.ut the Chair
has so icjieatedly stated the dislike he has to
