1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
Laws of the United States.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
under rules and regulations to be prescribed
bv the Postmaster General, and when so used
shall be transmitted through the mails at, a
postage charge of one cent each, including the
cost of their manufacture.
Sec. 171. That, the Postmaster General may,
from time to time, adopt such improvements
in postage-stamps and stamped envelopes as
he may deem advisable; and when any such
improvement is adopted it shall be subject to
all the provisions herein respecting postage
stamps or stamped envelopes.
Sec. 172. That postage-stamps and stamped
envelopesshall be furnished by the Postmaster
General to all postmasters, and shall be kept
lor sale at all postoffices; and each postmaster
shall be held accountable for all such stamps
aud envelopes furnished to him.
Sec. 173. That postage-stamps and stamped
envelopes may be sold at a discount to certain
designated agents, who will agree to sell again
without discount, under rules to be prescribed
by the Postmaster General; but the quantities
of each sold to any one agent at one time shall
not exceed one hundred dollars in valuj, and
the discount shall not exceed five per centum
on the face value of the stamps, nor the same
per centum on the current price of the envel-
opes when sold in less quantities.
Sec. 174. That postage-stamps shall not be
Bold for any larger sum than the value indi-
cated on their face, nor stamped envelopes for
more thau is charged therefor by the Post
Office Department tor like quantities; and any
person connected with the postal service who
shall violate this piovisioti shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on convictio.i
thereof, shall be lined in any sum not less
than ten nor more than five hundred dollars.
bEC. 175. That postage-stamps affixed to all
mail matter or the stamped envelopes in which
the same is inclosed, when deposnwifif for mail-
ing or delivery, shall be defaced by the post-
master at the mailing office iu such manner as
the Postmaster General may direct: and if any
mail matter shall be forwatded without tne
stamps or envelopes beingso defaced, the post-
master at the office of delivery shall deface
them, and report the deliuqueut postmaster to
the Postmaster General.
Sec. 17ti. That any person employed in any
branch of the postal service who shall wilfully
and unlawfully remove Irons any mail matter
any postage-stamp affixed thereto in payment
of the postage, shall, on conviction thei eot, for
every such offence, be lined not more than one
hundred dollars, or be imprisoned not more
than six months, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 177. That any person who shall use or
attempt to use, in payment of the postage on
any mail matter conveyed, by mail or other-
wise, any postage stamp or stamped envelope,
or any stamp cut from any such stamped envel-
ope, which has been before used tor a like
purpose, shall forfeit and pay fifty dollars.
And any person who shall couuierfeit the frank
of any person entitled to the hanking privi-
lege, or w'.lluliy utter or use any counterfeit
frank with the intent to avoid the payment of
postage, shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and he punished by |
a line not less than fifty dollars nor more than 1
five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment not
less than three months nor more than twelve
months, or by both fine and imprisonment., iu
the discretion of the court.
Sec. 178. That any person who shall forge
or counterfeit any postage-stamp, or any stamp
printed upon any stamped envelope, postal
ca:d, or any die, plate, or engraving therefor;
any peison who shall make, or print, pr know-
ingly use or sell, or have in possession, with
intent to use or sell, any such forged or Coun-
terfeited postage stamp, stamped envelope,
postal card, die, plate, or engraving; any per-
son who shall make, or knowingly use or seil,
or have in possession with intent to use or sell,
any paper beaiing the water mark of any
stamped envelope, postal card, or any fraud-
ulent imitation thereof; any person who shall
make or print., or authorize or procure to be
made or printed, any postage-stamp, stamped
envelope, or postal card, of the kind author-
ized and provided by the Post Office Depart-
ment, without the special authority and direc-
tionof said Department; auyperson whoshall,
after such postage-stamps, stamped envelopes,
or postal card, have beea printed, and with
intent to defraud the postal revenue, deliver
the same to any person not authorized by an
instrument of writing duly executed under the
hand of the Postmaster General and the seal
of the Post Office Department to receive them,
every such person shall, on conviction thereof,
be deemed guilty of a felony, and be punished
by a fine not exceeding five hundred dollars,
or by imprisonment not exceeding five years,
or by both fine and imprisonment, in the dis-
cretion of the court.
Sec. 179. That any person who shall forge
or counterfeit, or knowingly utter or use any
forged or counterfeited postage, stamp of any
foreign Government, shall be deemed guilty
of a felony, and, on conviction thereof, shall
be punished by imprisonment of not less than
two nor more than ten years, at the discretion
of the court.
Skc. 180. That authority to frank mail
matter is conferred upon and limited to the
following persons:
First. The President, by himself or his
Private Secretary, to cover all mail matter.
Second. The Vice President, to cover all
mail matter.
Third. The chiefs of the several Executive
Departments.
Fourth. Senators, Representatives, and Del-
egates in Congress, aud the Secretary of ihe
Senate and Cierk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, to cover their correspondence, all
printed matter issued by the authority of
Congress, and all speeches, proceedings, and
debates in Congress.
Filth. Such principal officers of the Execu-
tive Departments,-being heads of bureaus or
chief clerks, as the Postmaster General may
by regulation prescribe, to cover official com-
munications only.
Sixth. Postmasters, to cover official com-
munications to other postmasters ouly
Seventh. Assessors and collectors and their
assistants and deputies, for the interchange of
official communications only.
And no person entitled by law to the frank-
ing privilege shall exercise said privilege other-
wise than by his written autograph signature
on the matter lrauked ; and all mail matter
not thus franked shall be charged with the
legal rate of postage thereon.
Sec. 181. That the franking privilege of
Senators, Representatives, and Delegates in
Congress, and the Secretary of tlie Senate and
Clerk of the House, shall commence with ihe
term for which they are elected, and expire
with the firbt Monday of December following
such term.
Sec. 182. That all books or publications
which may be procured or published by order
of Congress shall be considered as public doc-
uments, and may be franked as such. ^
Sec. 188. That the maximum weight for
franked and free mail matter shall be four
onces, except petitions to Congress, congies-
sionai and executive public documents, peri-
odical Duplications interchanged between pub-
lishers^ and packages of seeds, cuttings, roots,
and scions, the weight of which latter may be
fixed by regulation of the Postmaster General.
Sec. 184.'That the following mail matter
shall -be allowed to pass free in the mail:
First. All mail matter sent to the President
or Vice President.
Second. Official communications addressed
to chiefs, heads of bureaus, chief clerks, or
franking officer of either of the Executive
Departments.
Third. Letters and printed matter sent to
Senators, Representatives, or Delegates in
Cougress, the Secretary of the Senate, or the
Cleik of the. House of Representatives.
Fourth. Petitions to Congress.
Fifth. -Copyright matter to the Librarian of
Congress, it marked on the package, "copy-
right matter."
Sixth. All publications sent or received by
the Smithsonian Institution, marked on each
package, " Smithsonian Exchange."
Seventh. Newspapers, periodicals, and mag-
azines reciprocally interchanged between pub-
lishers, and not exceeding sixteen ounces in
weigbt; to he confined to a single copy of
each publication.
Eighth. Weekly newspapers, one copy to
each actual subscriber within the county where
the same is printed and published ; but car-
riers shall not be required to distribute such
papers unless postage is paid upon them at the
usual rales.
Ninth. Notices to the publishers of the
refusal or neglect of subscribers to take news-
papers, magazines, or other periodicals from the
post office ; to be sent under such regulations
as the Posimaster General may prescribe.
Tenth. Dead letters returned to the writers
thereof.
Eleventh. Medals, certificates of thanks, or
other testimonials, which have been, or may
be, awarded, by the Legislatures of the several
States and Territories, to the soldiers thereof;
to" be sent by iheadjutaut general of said States
and Territories, under such regulations as the
Postmaster General may prescribe.
Sec. 18o. That all mail matter to and from
Mary Lincoln, widow of the late President
Abraham Lincoln, shall be conveyed free
during her natural life.
Sec. 186. That all mail matter not herein-
before specially made free must be prepaid by
postage-stamps.
Sec. 187. That if any person, having the
right to receive letters free, shall receive, in-
closed to him, any letter or packet addressed
to a person not having that right, it shall be
his duty to return such letter Or packet to the
post office, marking thereon the place from
whence it came, that it may be charged with
postage.
Sec. 188. That the Postmaster General may
direct the publication of the list of non-
delivered letters at any post office by a written
list posted m some pubiic place, or, when he
shall deem it for the public interest, he may
direct the publication ot such list m the daily
or weekly newspaper regularly published within
the post office delivery which has the laigest
cnculation within such delivery ; and where
no daily paper is published within the post
office delivery, such list may be published in
the daily newspaper of any adjoining delivery
having the largest circulation withiix the deliv-
ery ot the post office publishing the list; and
iu case of dispute as to the circulation of com-
peting newspapers, the postmaster shall receive
evidence aud uecide upon the fact. Such list
shall be published as frequently as the Post-
master General may deem proper, but not
oftener than once a week.
Sec. 189. That the list of non-delivered
letteis addressed to persons foreign-born may
be published in a newspaper printed iu the
language most used by them, which shall be
selected in the manner prescribed in the
preceding section.
Sec. 190. That, under such regulations as
the Postmaster General may prescribe, all
postmasters are hereby authorized to register,
in the manner prescribed by law, but without
payment of any registration fee, all letters
