8U
the congressional globe.
February'6,
England or in this country. It is a place of
public entertainment; and the only laws that
can be passed to exclude any one from a pub-
lie inn are laws which involve order, decency,
and quiet: not distinctions of race, color, or
anything of that kind. So with the right to
travel on your public highways. The Consti-
tution declares that all navigable streams shall
be free. To whom? To black and white, to
all. It is a privilege expressly given by the
Constitution of the United States that anybody
may navigate your public streams. How can
he do that unless he is allowed to navigate
them in those public vessels and in that public
mode in which all other citizens like himself
are to go and come ? I say, therefore, the right
to travel on your public highways, the right to
travel on your public improvements, ia a priv-
ilege that belongs to him as a citizen not only
of the State, but of the nation.
So of the public schools. If the right to
attend the public schools is not a privilege,
what is it? Is that a right ? It is both aright
and a privilege, and the narrow distinction
that would call it a right and not a privilege I
cannot perceive. It is the privilege of every
person bom in this country, of every inhabitant
of the country whether born here or not, of a
certain age, to attend our public schools which
by law are set aside for the public benefit.
Boys and girls go to the schools. It is the
privilege of all, and declared to be so. All
contribute to the taxes for their support; all
are benefited by the education given to the
rising generation; and therefore all are entitled
to equal privileges in the public schools.
When the Constitution says that no State
shall abridge the privileges of American citi-
zens, in my judgment that does protect them
against an abridgement of their right to go to
the oommon schools, their right to visit a pub-
lic inn, their right to travel upon a public
highway, their rigbt to enjoy the services of
a common carrier. If these rights are not the
privileges of citizens of the United States, then
what in the name of human rights are the
privileges of citizens of the United States ?
The right to vote is not a privilege of a citi-
zen of the United States or of a citizen of any
country in tho world ; it is a mere regulation
of the law; and that distinction is made broad
and deep. I agree entirely with my honorable
friend in saying, as he did in a recent report,
that the fourteenth amendmentdoes not extend
to women the right to vote, simply because tho
right to vote is a political privilege, and is not
a privilege that belongs to a citizen.
under the old common law of England, if
the humblest subject of" the British Crown was
excluded from a public highway, or from a
public iun, or from the fair and just enjoyment
of the privileges given and granted by these
public institutions which had their origin in
the common law, he would have a right to sue
for damages; and I can make no distinction
at all between such a case and this case.
Now io regard to churches, the proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts is that those
who manage churches organized and incor-
porated by law, whose lifo and organization
are controlled by and the creature of law, shall
not exclude any one from the doors of the
public sanctuary on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude. If I would
vote against this provision at all, it would be
because I do not believe it is necessary in this
Christian country of ours to pass such a law.
I do not know that people are excluded from
churches because they are white or because
they are black. If there are such cases, and
if organized corporations created by law do
exercise this unchristian want of charity, I
certainly would vote for a law to prevent them
from doing it, because tfie right to worship
God according to the dictates of one's own
conscience is not only a right, but a privilege
which in a Christian country a man ought to en-
joy, and which ought to be open and free to all.
I therefore do not see the objections saade
by the Senator from Wisconsin to this first
section; nor do I see the limited power granted,
as is claimed by my friend from Maine. He
says in his able speech which is now before
me that this provision, '' no State shall make
or enforce any law which shall abridge the
privileges or immunities of citizens of the
United States," is nothing more than a re-
reading of an old clause of the Constitution:
" Tho citizens of eaeh State shall be entitled to all
privilepres and immunities of citizens in the several
States."
One striking difference, I beg leave to sub-
mit to the Senator is this: under the old pro-
vision there waa no power to enforce it, while
that power is expressly given by the fifth
clause of the fourteenth article. But, again,
under the law of Georgia, a man because be
was black might be denied certain rights, and
if a citizen of Ohio of that color went to
Georgia he could be denied the same rights,
and yet they could claim that he was allowed
to enjoy all the privileges and immunities of
a citizen of Georgia. It was because a man
might be deprived of these common rights of
humanity in one State, and then all the people
that came to that State from the other States
would be deprived of the same right. That
provision in the old Constitution was not oper-
ative to secure the commonestright. That was
the principle which Judge Hoar was sent from
Massachusetts to try in South Carolina, where
they took a citizen of Massachusetts and put
him in jail because he was black, claiming
they could do the same thing with a citizen
of their own State, and therefore it was no in-
fringement of the second soction of the fourth
article. The fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution was passed for the express pur-
pose of correcting that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It created a national
citizenship.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. So that the
ordinary rights of citizenship, which 110 law
has ever attempted to define exactly, the priv-
ileges, immunities, and rights, (because I do
not distinguish between them, and cannot do
it,) of citizens of the United States, such as
are recognized by the common law, such as
are ingrafted in the great charters of Eng-
land, some of them ingrafted in the Constitu-
tion of tho United States, some of them in the
constitutions of the different States, and some
of them in the Declaration of Independence,
our fathers did not attempt to enumerate.
They expressly said in the ninth amendment
that they would not attempt to enumerate these
rights; they were innumerable, depending
upon the laws and the courts as from time to
time administered.
Tkero may be sometimes great dispute and
doubt as to what is the right, immunity, or
privilege conferred upon a citizen of the Uni-
ted States. That right must be determined
from time to time by the judicial tribunals,
and in determining it they will look first at
the Constitution of the United States as the
primary fountain of authority. If that does
not define the right they will look for the
unennmerated powers to the Declaration of
American Independence, to every scrap of
American history, to the history of England,
to the common law of England, the old de-
cisions of Lords Mansfield and Holt, and so
on back to the earliest recorded decisions of
the common law. There they will find the
fountain and reservoir of the rights of Amer-
icau as well as English citizens.
The second section, I think, ought to be
amended in one or two slight particulars, but
they are matters of detail. I will not stop to
point them out.
The fourth section is one to which my hon-
orable friend from Wisconsin objects. He
says that the right to he summoned as a jury-
man is not a privilege and immunity of an
American citizen. At first view that appears
to be plausible. It may be difficult to distin-
guish between the right to yote claimed by
some women of our country, because they are
citizens, and the right to sit upon a jury, as-
sumed to be a privilege under the fourth sec-
tion of this amendment. Perhaps a right to
be summoned on a jury is not in strict terms
a privilege or an immunity which a man may
claim as a matter of right; but that is not the
question'. The right to sit_ upon a jury is a
right which no man will claim as a matter of
right. It is rather a burden, rather a duty.
But there is another view in which this sec-
tion becomes to my mind clearly constitu-
tional. The Constitution of the United States
declares that every man shall have an impar-
tial trial by jury. That is a constitutional
right. It is a right secured to him by the laws
and by the constitutions of nearly all the States
of this Union. It is a right older than the
present English monarchy.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
allow me to interrupt him, is he not aware
that that provision of the Constitution applies
ouly to trials in the Federal courts, so decided
by the Supreme Court times out of mind, end
it can therefore give us no authority to over-
haul the judicial systems of the States as to
jury trials?
Mr. SHERMAN. I might answer that by
saying that the same provision is contained in
the constitution and laws of nearly every State
in the Union; perhaps, with the exception of
three or four, ia all.
Mr. CARPENTER. Very well; we cannot
legislate under the constitutions of the States;
we must legislate under the Constitution of
the United States, and that is confined in its
operation to the Federal courts.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Constitution of the
United States declares that every man shall
have a trial by an impartial jury*—not of his
peers, in the old language of the English law,
but an impartial jury. The meaning is the
same. The very word "jury" implies a trial
by a man's peers of the vicinage, of the neigh-
borhood. Now, what kind of a trial would
that be to which you would subject four mil-
lions of the people of the United States in the
southern States, where by the law of some of
them every man of that race is excluded from
sitting as a juryman on a trial? Is that au
impartial jury?
Mr. CARPENTER. In the Federal courts
we have already provided that colored men
shall sit on the juries. We have, therefore,
secured an impartial trial to every colored
man in the Federal courts all oyer the United
States. Now, it being well settled that thai
constitutional provision applies to nothing but
Federal courts, how does it authorize us to
legislate for the State courts?
Mr. SHERMAN. To answer that question
I would go back again to the fourteenth amend-
ment; and I say that the right, of trial by jury
is one of the privileges and immunities of every
American citizen.
Mr. CARPENTER. The right to be tried ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; the right to bo
tried by an impartial jury is one of the priv-
ileges included in the fourteenth amendment;
and no State can deprive any one by n State
law of this impartial trial by jury. "No State
shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the United States," and one of these
privileges and immunities, as old as the com-
mon law, is the right of trial by an impartial
jury of a man's peers. That is the only
answer I can make, because I have not ex-
amined the cases to know exactly what dis-
tinctions have been drawn by the Supreme
Court. Whatever distinctions were drawn
before the adoption of the recent amendments,
here is this last voice of the public will, which
we are bound to obey, which declares that
every man shall have the protection of this
immunity and privilege.
