4428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
yieldrog to allow any gentleman to introduce
a bill or resolution.-
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from. Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] declines to withdraw his motion. The
pending question is on ordering the yeas and
nays on the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Rand a u,] to the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana, to make the
recess extend to seven instead of six o'clock.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I now move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. And on that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. We can now take it
quietly for awhile. [Laughter.]
The question was first on the motion that the
House adjourn, on which the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 67, nays 86, not voting
87; as follows-:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, lie 11, Biggs, Bird Braxton, Bright, Brooks,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo, Conner,
Critclier, Crosslaud, Dox, Du Bose. Duke, Eldredge,
Worker,-Qitrrett, Gerz. Golladay, Hambleton. Han-
eock, Ilandley. Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris,
Hereford, llibbard, Kerr, Lamison, Mausoa, Mar-
shall, McClelland, McHenry, Molntyre, McNeely,
Merrick. Morgan, Nihlnck, Pendleton, Price. Ran-
dall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie,
Sioa H. Rogers. Sherwood, Shober, Slater, iSlocmu,
Sloss, Steveus, Storm. Terry, Van Trump, Waddoll,
Wells. Whitthorne, Winchester, ami Young—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Austin BUir, Buckley,
Buflinton, Iiurchard, Burdott. Benjamin K. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Coghlan, Conger, Cot-
ton, Crocker, Darra.ll, Dawes, Donnan, Duell, Dun-
nell, Karnes, Farusworth. Fmkelnburg. Charles
Foster, Wilder I). Foster, Fryo. Garfield, (Joodricb,
Mariner, llawley, Hay, John W. Haaelton. Hill,
Hour, Houghton, Kelb-y, Kellogg, Lamport. La-u-
sing, Lowe, Maynard, McGrew, McJunkin. McICee,
Merour,Merriaui, Monroe, Morey. Packard,Packer,
Palmer, Puck, Perce, Aaron F. Porry, Potter, i'rin-
dle, Ellis U, Roborts. Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon. Shellnbargcr, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith. Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Strong, Taffe, Wasliiiititou Townsond,
Twichell, Tyner, Wakenmn, Walden, Waldron,
Wullace, Walls, Willard, Williams ofIndiana, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—86.
Jjy'i VOTINU—Messrs. Ambler, ljaruum, Barry,
Bingham, James 0. Blair, Boles, Clarke, Coburti,
Cox, Crebs,Creely, Davis, Do Large, Dickey, Elliott,
Ely, Farwell, Henry -D. Fo^toi, Giddings, (Iriftith,
Jlftldem.i.n. Hale. HaIsoy, George E. Harris, Havens,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, Herndon, Holman,
Hooper, Kendall, Keicliam, Killijiger, Kni:. Kiu-
selln, Leach. Lewis, Lyrieh. MeCorimck, McCrary,
McKumey, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitohell, Moore,
Moiphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, llosea W.
Paiker, tsaao C. Parker, lilli Perry, Peters, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Rainey, \Vi 11 i;trn R. Roberts, Robin-
son, John Rogers, Roosovelt, Sargent, Seofield,
Rceley, Shoemaker, "VYortbington C. Smith, Snapp,
Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Stough-
ton, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Swauu, Sypher,
Thomas, DwightTownsend,Turner, Tut-hill, Upson,
V.iugban, Vooihees, Warren, Wheoler. Whiteley,
Williams of New York, and Wood—87.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Buffin
ton.) The question now recurs upon the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] to amend the motion of the
gentleman Irom Indiana [Mr. Holman] for a
recess, so as to make the hour of meeting
to-night, seven instead of six o'clock, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 58, nays 82, not voting 100 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Bright, Brooks,
Campbell, Coiatngo, Connef, Critcber, Crossland,
Box, Da Bose, Duke, Eidred'ge, Forker, Get'/., Gid-
dmgs, Goiluday, Hundley, Hanks, Harper, John T.
Harris, Hereford,llibbard, Holman. Lamison, Mali-
son, McClelland. MeCormick, McHenry, Mclntyre,
McNeely, Randall. Read, Edward Y. ltice. John M.
Rice, Ritchie, Siou 11. Rogers, Shoiwood, Shober,
Slater, Sloeum. Stevens, Storm, Terry, Woddell,
Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Williams ol New York.
Winchester, and Young—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Auies, Averill, Beatty, Bever-
idge. Bigby, Bingham, Buckley, Buffinton, Burch-
ard, Burdetr, Benjamin F. Butler. Roderick R.
Butler, Carroll, Cobb. Coburn, Coghlan, Conger,
Cotton, Crocker, D.irrall, Dawes, Donnan, Duell,
Durmeil- Barnes. Farnswortb, Finkelnburg, Charles
i'oster, Wilder D. Foster, Goodrich, Harmcr, George
JL Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, Jobn W. Hazelton, Hill. Kelley,_ Kellogg,
Lamport, Lowe, Maynard. McGrew, Mc.Junkin.
Mereur, Merriam, Monroe, Morey, Packard. Packer,
Isaae C. Parker, Peck, Petadleton, Aaron F. Perry,
Poland, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk,
Sawyer, Sessions,. Shanks. Sheldon, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smitb. Snyder. Spraeue, Stiirk-
weather, Stevenson, Strong, 'I'affo, Washington
Townsend, Turner, -Tyner,: Wakerpan, Walden,
Waldron. Walls, Willard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—82, ... '
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler; Banks, Barber,
Barnum, Barry, Austin Blair, Jaincs G. Blair, Boles,
Caldwell, Clarke. Cox. Urebs, Creely. Davis, De
Large. Dickey, Elliott, Ely,'Farwell, Henry D. Fos-
ter, Frye, Garfield, 'Garrett.. Griffith, Haldeman,
Hale, Halsey. Hambleton, Hancock, H^iys, Hern*
don. Hoar Hooper. Houghton, Kendall, Kerr,
ICeteham, Killinger, King, Kinsella,J Lansing, Leach,
Lewis, Lynch, Marshall, MeCraty, MeKee. Mc-
Kinney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,-Mitchell,
Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Niblack, Orr, PahneT, Hosea W. Parker, Perce. Eli
Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Potter, Price, William
R. Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Roosevelt,
Sargent. Soofiold, Seeley, Shellabarger, Shoemaker,
SIoss, Worthington C. Smith. Snapp, R. Milton
Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Stoughton, Siowell, St.
John, Sutherland. Swann. Sypher, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Tuthill, Twieheil, Upson, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Wallace, Wheeler, Whiteley,
Williams of Indiana, and Wood—100.
So the amendment moved by Mr. Randall
was-not agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Buffin-
ton-.) The quesiiou recurs upon the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
that the House now take a recess until six
o'clock, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. ELDREbGE. I (nove to amend that
motion so as to make the hour of meeting
half past seven o'clock.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend the
amendment so as to make the time eight
o'clock, and on that motion I call for the yeas
and miya.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 57, noes 60; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were' 6rderefl, and Mr. Butler
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Holman, were
appointed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
offer again the proposition 
Mr. RxlNDALL. Let us have a vote by
tellers.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let us hear the proposi-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I was going to
ask that we noa concur in all the amendments
of -the Senate, and accede to the request of
the Senate for a committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. MORGAN and Mr. RANDALL ob-
jected.
The House again divided on the motion to
adjourn; and the tellers reported that there
were—ayes 59, noes 77.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask gen-
tlemen to allow me to take the seose of the
House on the proposition I have submitted.
Mr. RANDALL, After the yeas and nays
have been ordered on the motion to adjourn
I will listen to the gentleman.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr RANDALL. Now I am willing to hear
the proposition of the gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD,of Ohio. 1 ask the House
to allow me to submit the proposition to non-
concur in all the amendments of the Senate
to the sundry civil appropriation bill, and to
accede to the request of the Senate for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. RANDALL. I can suggest another
mode, and if gentlemen on the other side of
the House are sincere, I think it will accom-
plish the purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the suggestion
i of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations [Mr. Garfield] will be accepted.
By accepting it, the minority will lose none
of their privileges, for they will have the same
right to make dilatory motions after the report
of the committee of conference comes before
the House that they now have.
Mr. BEOjC. I hope the gentleman- from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell,] will not carry this side
of the House with him. His proposition is
to give up everything 
Several M embers. Not at all.
• Mr. BECK. This side of the House will,
I have no doubt, vote unanimously for the
bill as it came from the Senate with the ex-
ception of the bayonet clause. If the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will offer a
substitute containing every proposition of the
Senate except that, we will assent to it.
Mr. RANDALL. That is what I was about
to suggest.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio If the "bayonet
clause,"- as the gentleman terms it, were off,
and all the other amendments of the Senate
retained, I should be compelled to vote against
the bill, beeause there are appropriations to
the amount of more than a million and a half
of dollars which have' been put p-a by the Sen-
ate, to which, as chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, I can never consent.
Mr. BEOIC. We believe it is better to give
away $1,500,000 than to have the elections at
every poll iu the countiy held under Federal
bayonets.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, It is not neces-
sary to do either.
Mr. MORGAN. The question resolves
itself to this: shall election by the bayonet, be
substituted for election by the ballot? The
amendment of the Senate is a blow aimed
against the freedom of elections. I hope that
the House will prove true to the Constitution,
aud, as a shield, interpose itself between the
bayonets of the President and the liberties of
the people.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will try my
proposition upon a suapensiou of the rules if
unanimous consent be not given.
Mr. FAltNSWORTH. This is too warm a
day to get into any excitement. I desire to
make a point for the benefit of gentlemen on
both sides of the House. It seems to me that
if we can consider this bill in Committee of
the Whole, taking up these various amend-
ments, acting upon them, and sending to a
committee ot conference those to which the
House-may disagree, gentlemen will have af-
terward the same opportunity that they now
have to defeat this particular amendment by
dilatory motions. I do not like the proposition
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
that we shall accept all the other amendments
as they have come from the Senate, for, as the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has said
with regard to himself, there are many ot those
amendineuls which I cannot vote for.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is one
appropriation of $500,000 for a single build-
ing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Senate has, in
my judgment, put on this bill some very bad
amendments. Let us consider the amend-
ments and non-concur in those which are ob-
jectionable. After a committee of conference
shall have reported, if they should report iu
favor of the amendment which is exciting so
much opposition, there will be just as much
opportunity as there now is for members to
make dilatory motions and call the yeas and
nays. 1 think that gentlemen by the course
they are pursuing are placing themselves in a
bad position. It is saying in advance to other
members on this floor, "You shall not have
an opportunity eiiher to discuss or vote upon
these amendments; but we will kill the bill
any how."
Mr. MORGAN. Yes; rather let the bill be
killed than that liberty should perish.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is to be gained
by killing the bill ?
