792
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
42d Cohg...-.2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
containing fractional or other currency of the
United States which shall be by them sent by
mail to the Treasurer of the United States for
redemption; and it shall he the duty of the
postmaster at the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, to register, in like man-
ner, without charge, all letters containing new
currency returned for currency redeemed,
which shall be received by him from the said
Treasurer, in sealed packages, marked with
the word "register" over the official signature
of the said Treasurer.
Sec. 191. That every postmaster shall post,
in a conspicuous place in his office, a copy of
each list of non-delivered letters immediately
after its publication.
Sec. 192, That the compensation for pub-
lishing the list of non-delivered letters shall in
no case exceed one cent for each letter so
published.
Sec. 198. That all letters published as non-
delivered shall be charged with one cent in addi-
tion to the regular postage, to be accouuted
for as part of the postal revenue.
Sec. 194. That the Postmaster General may
regulate the period during which undelivered
letters shall remain iu any post office, and
when they shall be returned to the dead-letter
office; and he may make regulations for their
return from the dead-letter office to the writers,
when they eannot be delivered to the parties
addressed.
Sec. 195. That all domestic letters, de-
posited iu any post office for mailing, on which
the postage is wholly unpaid or paid less than
one full rate as required by law, except letters
lawfully free, and duly certified letters of sol-
diers, sailors, and marines in the service of the
United States, shall be sent by the postmaster
to the dead-letter office in Washington: Pro-
vided, That iu large cities and adjacent dis-
tricts of dense population having two or more
post offices within a distance of three miles of
each other, any letter mailed at one of such
offices and addressed to a locality within the
delivery of another of such offices, which shall
have been inadvertently prepaid at the drop or
local letter rate of postage only, may be for-
warded to its destination through the proper
office, charged with the amouut of the deficient
pobtage, to be collected on delivery.
Sec. 19(i. That dead letters containing val-
uable inclosures shall be registered in the dead-
letter office; and when they cannot be delivered
to the party addressed nor to the writer, the
contents thereof shall be disposed of, and a
careful account shall be kept of the amount
realized in each case, which shall be subject
to reclamation by either the party addressed
or the sender, for lour years flora the registry
thereof: and all other letters of value or of
importance to the party addressed or to the
writer, and which cannot be returned to either,
shall be dis-posed of as the Postmaster General
may direct.
Sec. 197. That the action of the Post Office
Department respecting foreign dead letters
shall be subject to conventional stipulations
with the respective foreign administrations.
Sec. 198. That when the writer of any lettPr
on which the postage is prepaid shall indorse
upon the outside thereof his name and address,
such letter shall not be advertised, but after
remaining uncalled for at the office to which
it is dnected thirty days, orthe time the writer
may direct, shall be returned to him without
additional charge lor postage, and if not then
delivered shall be treated as a dead letter.
Sec. 199. That prepaid and free letters shall
be forwarded l'rotn one post office to another,
at the request of the party addressed, without
additional charge for postage.
Sec. 200. That all the waters of the United
States shall be post roads during the time the
mail is carried thereon, as provided iu section
two hundred and nineteen.
Sue. 201- That all railways and parts of
railways which are now or hereafter may be
put in operation are hereby declared to be
post roads.
Sec. 102. That all canals during the time
the mail is carried thereon are hereby declared
to be post roads.
Sec. 203. That all plank-roads during the
time the mail is carried thereon are hereby
declared to be post roads.
Sec. 204. That the road on which the mail
is carried to supply any court-house which may
be without a mail, as provided in section two
hundred and sixteen, and the road on which
the mail is carried, under section two hundred
and twenty-one, providing for extending the
line of posts, shall, during the time such mail
is carried thereon, be post roads.
Sec. 205. Thatall letter-carrier routes estab-
lished in any city or town, for the collection
and delivery of mail matter by carriers, are
hereby declared to be post roads. .
Sec. 20ii. That when there is more than one
road between places designated by law for a
post road, the Postmaster General may direct
which shall be considered the post road.
Sec. 207. That the Postmaster General may
change the terminus of post roads connecting
with or intersecting railways when the service
can be thereby improved.
Sec. 208. That whenever, m the opinion of
the. Postmaster General, the postal service
cannot be safely continued, the revenues col-
lected, or the laws maintained on any post
road, he may discontinue the service on such
road or any part thereof until the same can
be safely restored.
Sec. 209. That the Postmaster General may,
when he deems it advisable, contract for the
transportation of the mails to and from any
post office; but where such service is pet-
formed over a route not established by law, it
shall be his duty to report the same to Con
gress at its meeting next thereafter, and said
service shall cease at the end of the next ses-
sion of Congress, unless said route is estab
lished a post route by Congress.
Sec. 210. That the Postmaster General
shall arrange the railway routes on which the
mail is carried, including those in which the
service is partly by railway and partly by
steamboat, into tbree classes, accoidiug to the
size of the mails, the speed at which they are
carried, and the frequency and importance of
the service, so that each railway company shall
receive, as far as practicable, a proportionate
and just rate of compensation, according to
the service performed.
Sec. 211. That the pay for carrying the mail
on any railway of the first class shall not ex-
ceed three hundred dollars per mile per annum;
on any railway of the second class it shall
not exceed one hundred dollars per mile per
annum ; and on any railway of the third class
it shall not exceed fifty dollars per mile per
annum ; but if one half the service on any rail-
way is required to be performed in the night-
time, the Postmaster General may pay twenty
live per centum in addition to the above
maximum rates.
Sec. 212. That if the Postmaster General is
unable to contract for carrying the mail on any
railway route at a compensation not exceeding
the maximum rates herein provided, or for
what he may deem a reasonable and fair com-
pensation, he may separate the letter mail
from the other mail, and contract, either with
or without advertising, for carrying such letter
mail by horse express or otherwise, at the
greatest speed that, can reasonably be obtained,
and. for carrying the other mail in wagons, or
otherwise, at a slower rate of speed.
Sec. 213. That every railway company
carrying the mail shall carry on any train
which may run over its road, and without extra
charge therefor, all mailable mutter directed
to be carried thereon, with the person in
charge of the same.
Sec. 214. That all railway companies to
which the United States havefurnished aid by
grant of lands, right of way, or otherwise, shall
carry the mail at such prices as Congress may
by law provide ; and, until such price is fixed
by law, the Postmaster General may fix the
rate of compensation.
Sec. 215. That the Postmaster General shall
provide for carrying the mail on all post roads
established by law, as often as he, having due
regard to productiveness and other circum-
stances, may think proper.
Sec. 216. That the Postmaster General shall
cause a mail to be carried from the nearest
post office on any established post road, to the
court-house of any county in the United States
which is without a mail.
Sec. 217. That the Postmaster General may
contract for carryingthe mail on the navigable
canals of the several States, when, in his
opinion, the public interest or convenience
requires it.
Sec. 218. That the Postmaster General may
contract for carrying the mail on any plank-
road in the United States when the public
interest or convenience requires it.
Sec. 219. That the Postmaster General may
cause the mail to be carried in any steamboat
or other vessel used as a packet on any of the
waters of the United States.
Sec. 220. That the Postmaster General may,
if he deem it for the public interest, make con-
tracts for any period not exceeding one year,
for carrying the mail in steamships between
any of the ports of the United States.
Sec. 221. That the Postmaster General may
enter into contracts for extending the line of
posts to supply mails to post offices not on any
established route, and, as a compensation for
carrying the mail under such contracts, may
allow not exceeding two thirds of the salary
paid to the postmaster at such special offices.
Sec. 222. That the master of any vessel of
the United States, bound from any port
therein to any foreign port, or from any for-
eign port to any port of the United States,
shall, before clearance, receive on board and
securely convey all such mails as the Post
Office Department, or any diplomatic or con-
sular officer of the United States abroad, shall
offer; and be shall promptly deliver the same,
on arriving at the port of destination, to the
pioper officer, for which he shall receive two
cents for every letter so delivered ; and upon
the entry of every suoh vessel returning from
any foreign port, the master thereof shall
make oath or affirmation that he has promptly
delivered all the mail placed on board said
vessel before clearance from the United
States ; and if he shall fail to make such oath
or affirmation, the said vessel shall not be
entitled to the privileges of a vessel of the
United States.
Sec. 223. That the master of any steam-
boat passing between ports or places in the
United States, and arriving at any such port
or place where there is a post office, shall
deliver to the postmaster, within three hours
after bis arrival, if in the day-time, and if at
night, within two hours after the next sun-
rise, all letters and packets brought by him,
or within his power or control and not relating
to the cargo, addressed to or destined for such
port or place, for which he shall receive from
the postmaster two cents for each letter or
packet so delivered, unless the same is carried
under a contract tor carrying the mail; and
for every failure to so deliver such letters and
packets, the master or owner of said steam-
boat shall forfeit and pay one hundred and
fifty dollars.
Sec. 224. That the Postmaster General may
pay, to the master or owner of any vessel not
regularly employed in carrying the mail, two
