1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator will per-
mit me to remind him that another right of
every English subject by the common law is to
hare his case tried before a judge who holds
office by a life tenure from the Crown. Is that
one of the privileges and immunities of Ameri-
can citizens?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, because we hare
changed that by the Constitution of the United
States
Mr. CARPENTER. We have not. We have
expressly affirmed that no Federal judge can
hold by any other tenure.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend will
not be so troubled. I say that in all mat-
ters where the Constitution of the United
States has not changed the common law, the
rights and privileges of an Englishman are
inherited by us. They are enforced, sanc-
tioned, and maintained by new provisions.
In some cases old privileges and immunities
granted to a few are taken from them and
given to the many.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will pardon
me once more. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States has certainly not taken away from
a citizen of a State the right to an impartial
trial in the State and by a judge holding by
life tenure. Now, I want to know if we can
under that provision—and I do not see why
we cannot if it applies to jurymen—provide
that no State court shall be held by any judge
unless he holds by the life tenure ?
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me
to call liis attention to the last words of the
section from which he read, as follows:
"Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law, nor
deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws?"
Does not a State violate that provision
when it excludes colored persons from the
jury box ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me as clear
as day, and the sophistry of my friend from
Wisconsin cannot impair it, that if in any com-
munity where a great number of black men are
by law citizens, if a law of the State prevents
those men from sitting on a jury because they
are black man, such a law does deprive such
citizens of a privilege, an immunity which they
have a right to enjoy in every part of this
country as citizens of the United States. All
the sophistry of my honorable friend cannot
shake this conclusion. The very idea is absurd, j
I am very glad to say that the evil is imaginary,
because, with the exception of the States of
Kentucky and Delaware, there is now no State
which excludes black men from the jury-box.
Perhaps I am making the statement too strong.
I do not know how many States yet refuse to
allow a negro to serve on a jury because he is
black. ,
Mr. SAULSBURY. I understand the hon-
orable Senator has referred to my State and
made the impression that by law colored peo-
ple are excluded from church associations.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, I did not say that.
I said that I did not believe there was a State
or a church in the Union that would exclude
a black man from the sanctuary because of his
color.
We eotfle now to the question of jurymen.
Does any State of this Union deny to a black
man the right to be tried by a jury composed
of one black man, even, of twelve? Is there
such a State?
Mr. MORTON. Kentucky.
Mr. SHERMAN. Kentucky is coming up.
Kentucky is a little slow, but I think she will
be all right. She has only within a few days
given to negroes the right to testify; and we
must remember that twenty or thirty years ago
many of the northern States denied negroes
that right; even the State of Ohio within thirty
years has denied the negro the light to testify j
in any tribunal-—
Mr. EDMUNDS. What other State?
Mr. SHERMAN. Nearly all the western
States, Indiana, Illinois, and nearly all of
them. I do not know whether Vermont is in
that category or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. She never was.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that the
common sense, the love of fair play, and the
spirit of liberty which animate the great body
of the people of the United States will cause
all these distinctions founded on the old law
of slavery to melt away under the progress of
our civilization. No man can defend the
exclusion by law of blaek men from a jury-bos
when you try the black man by a jury. If the
black man is too degraded to sit upon a jury,
he is too degraded to be tried by a jury; he
ought to be disposed of in some other way.
And so with the power to testify.
Why, sir, according to modern ideas and
modern science, we gather evidence from
everything living and dead. The dead are
made to speak by the power of chemistry and by
scientific observations. The living are made
to speak, young and old. Any exclusion of ft
man because he is a negro from the right to
testify is simply ahsurd, and in every State it
will gradually disappear. Take the right of
trial by jury. With the single exception, I
think, of Delaware and Kentucky, I do not
know of any State where this exclusion is now
maintained. If I am mistaken in this, I will
acknowledge the error. In nearly all the
southern States, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas,
Tennessee; in all these southern States the
right to serve on a jury is extended to all,
black and white, without distinction; and this
provision, about the constitutionality of which
my friend from Wisconsin has some doubt,
only applies to two States. It does seem to
me, not that it is the right of a man to serve
on a jury, but that it is the right of all men
to have a fair law and rule by which men of
their own race and occupation and color may
serve on a jury. It is the right of the accused
and not the right of the trier; it is the right
of the accused that is abridged by these State
laws. When I see that that rightis guarantied
by the Constitution of the United States in all
the Federal courts; by the constitutions of
nearly all the States in the State courts; by
the common law, the fountain of our civil
rights, we ought, where it is denied, to correct
it if we can by Federal legislation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will my hon-
orable friend allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do I under-
stand him to argue that that is a right belong-
ing to a citizen of the United States—the right
to sit upon a jury? .
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I ssy it is the right
of the person accused to have an impartial
trial; that men of his own race, color, or con-
dition shall not be excluded on that account.
I pat it rather on the right of the accused, than
the right of the juror.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
seems to confound the rights belonging to men
generally and the rights which belong to an
American citizen. My inquiry is whether the
Senator pretends that these rights we are con-
sidering belong to all men who happen to be
citizens of the United States in virtue of their
citizenship, or whether he claims them as
belonging to men as men? _
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not claim them as
belonging to man, but I claim that they belong
to American citizens, under the common law,
which prevails all over this country, inherited
from England. , ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now I ask the
honorable Senator on that basis how it hap-
pens that they are not applicable to women
and children? They are aU citizens
Mr SHERMAN. In regard to the rightot
trial by jury as to women, it is a mere matter
"'ffr.rteffiirsw a . ««
of municipal regulation: but that raises the
precise question. It is matter of municipal
regulation i and can the Congress of the
United States invade it? That is the point.
Mr. SHERM AN. So far as the mere equity
of the question raised by my friend is con-
cerned, I have ne point to make. I never
could give any reason that was satisfactory to
my own conscience why an intelligent, edu-
cated woman should be exeluded from the
jury-box.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the ques-
tion conies back whether the Congress of the
United States may interfere. In my State
there are no distinctions at all; black and
white all unite together at churches, schools,
and everywhere else; but undoubtedly my
State could interpose, if it chose, and give
women the ballot or put them in the jury-
box; but it does not; and can you do it?
That is the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am certain I would
not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Can Congress
doit? That is the point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire to pro-
long my remarks by entering into a discussion
of women's rights. I can only say that I never
could give any good reason, satisfactory to my
own conscience, why a woman should not be
allowed to vote or why she should not be
allowed to hold office, or have the right to sit
upon a jury, except that I would not vote to
give them these rights, because I do not think
it is best for human society, organized as it is
on the basis of the family, to introduce such
disturbing elements into the family circle,
which is even of higher obligation than the
obligation of Government.
There is one objection I have to make to
the fifth section, in which, I presume, I shall
not find much concurrence. The fifth section
enlarges the naturalization laws, so that if
this section passes, Japanese and Chinamen
and West Indiamen ana East Indiamen, men
from all latitudes and from all climes, can be-
come naturalized citizens of the United States,
From the foundation of our Government until
a year or two ago it has been the policy of our
Government to confine naturalization to the
white races. Why? Because they assimilate
rapidly with the races that people our continent
and form the citizenship of the United State9
of America. Take a man from Sweden, from
Russia, from Poland, from Germany, from
Italy, or from any land peopled by the white
race, let him come here, and in five years he
easily and rapidly assimilates with our insti-
tutions; his blood mingles with our blood,
and on the whole rather improves the stock
But that principle does not extend to the blaci
or to the Mongolian races, and therefore it had
always been the policy of the Government,
until 1870, to exclude all the black races from
our naturalization laws, not to apj>ly tnem to
persons born in Africa, born in Asia, born ui
the remote regions. This was partly upon the
ba«is that they were heathen races, who, from
their nature, from the tenor of their minds,
could not in five years be made good citizens
of the United States, they having a different
idea of the sanctity of religion, a different
idea of the worship of God; their fundamental
ideas are different, and you cannot make good
republican or democratic citizens out of them
in five Years, and they cannot and will not and
do not mix with the body-of our population.
I therefore do believe that it is not wise to
extend the principle of our naturalization laws
to any beyond the old limitation of white, not
because I wish to make distinctions among
our own citizens between white and black, but
because, for reasons that are strong ana oper-
ative, I would not extend the privilege of
naturalization, a mere privilege conferral by
an act of Congress, to wees so dissimilar as
ours. As for the blacks who are in this coun-
try, and their descendants who have been
brought here or bom on our spil, who have
lived here and ar* now made citizens by tne
