1872.
THE CO^GEBSSfONAL GL0M
S53B
order I made some time ago, that there is no
quorum present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. DUNNELL. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, I want
to state with the utmost brevity my objection
to this bill, and then I wish to know from the
friends of the bill whether they will accept a
reasonable amendment. If not, I shall feel
bound to vote to lay it on the table and kill it
to-night, so that it shall take no more time.
My objection is that while the bill extends the
time for the building of this railroad, and
thereby gives the company an opportunity to
gain a large section of the best agricultural
lands in America or in the world, being lands
situated in southern Kansas, which is the
garden spot of this country ; and while it gives
the company a large quantity of what are
called deficiency lands, which they would not
otherwise get unless they should finish their
road within two years, which in the nature of
things they cannot hope to do, yet they refuse
to allow these additional lands which they are
to get by the grace of Congress to be thrown
open to actual settlers in limited quantities
and at a limited price. I ask the gentleman
having charge of this bill whether he will ad-
mit an amendment, providing that all the
deficiency lauds which this company shall
obtain by reason of the passage of this act
shall be subject to entry by actual settlers in
quantities not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres, and at a price not more than $2 50 per
Mr. DUNNELL. I will yield to allow that
amendment to be offered.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I move that
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have drafted an amend-
ment, which I think embodies the views of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.] It is
as follows :
Provided, however, That aUthcl&nds to which said
company shall become in any w;iy entitled under
said grant as indemnity lands or otherwise after the
passage of this act, shall be sold to ac£ua^jSe
only, in quantities not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres, and at a price not exoeedmg per
acre-
Mr. STEVENSON. I think that needs
some modification. , _
Mr. DONNA.N. I ask to submit an amend-
"lir! DUNNELL. I yield five minutes to the
of
gentleman from Kansas, [Mr. Lowe.J _
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I raise the point
order that there is no quorum present. _
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair. ,
Mr. LOWE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a
few words in respect to this bill. .
Mr FARNSWORTH. I raise the point ot
order that there is no quorum present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, lhe gentle-
man cannot make that point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, lhe gentle-
man from Kansas has the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair. .
Mr. LO WE. I wish to say m regard to this
b-The SPEAKER -pro tempore. The gen*1®"
man cannot raise that point of order while the
gentleman from Kansas has the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal from the
dMfHOLMlNhail'moveto lay the appeal
"X.4 RANDALL. And I move the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore The Chair
decides none of these motions to be m order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I take an appeal
from that decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
declines to entertain the appeal.
Mr. LOWE. I understand the amendment
suggested 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand they
are determined to pass this bill to-night 3 but
they will have a good time to do it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point of
order is raised that there is no quorum in the
Hall. The Chair overruled the point of order
on the ground that the point'of order cannot
be raised while the gentleman from Kansas is
holding the floor. From that decision the
gentleman appeals.
The question is, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
The House divided; and there were—ayes
78, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SARGENT. The question being raised
there is no quorum present, it is the duty of
the Chair to count the members in the House
without allowing the minority on the otKer
side by failing to vote to make it appear there
is no quorum present. I remember in toy
parliamentary experience a number of in-
stances of that kind.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
performed that duty and decided a quorum to
be present. He then decided it was not in
order for the gentleman from Illinois to make
a point of order there was no quorum when
the gentleman from Kansas had the floor.
From that decision the gentleman from Illinois
has taken an appeal. The Chair orders tell-
ers, and appoints Mr. Farnsworth and Mr.
Sargent.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 81, noes 4; no quorum voting.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. COGHLAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania cannot take the floor for that
^Mr^RANDALL. Whenever the House
finds itself without a quorum a motion to
adjourn is in order.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
75, noes 45. • ,
Mr. SARGENT demanded the yeas and
nays. • ,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 06, nays 58; not vot-
ing 115; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Beatty, Beck, Bell, Biggs,
Bird Austin Blair, James U. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
BuruWa. Caldwell, (j-uroll, Cominso, Conner, Out-
tr « Or^bs Catcher, Davis, Dox, Duke, 1 arnsworth,
MnbllrV. forker. Honrjr I). l^tcr, Uarrott,
Getz, (biddings, (jolladay, .Gr;?^^,„r/7r,wlov
Handlcy.Harmer.Uarpoi-.John 1
Ilav^Hibbnrd, Uoloian, ilerr, Kins. Mans,°,n- Me-
Clelland Mc(*rew, Mclntyre, Merriam, Aierrick,
Pendleton, I'cre'e, Poland', Barney, Slater'
liSllilig
iiSina
llanks, bieorse >. ST" " " -
port, Lansing. ^evwlArP y^nkm iicKe'e, jVTcKinncy,
Peters, Piatt, Porter,
Potter, Price, Prindio, Bead, Edward Y. Kicc, John
M. Rioo, Ellis H. Roberts, Bobinson, Koosovett,
Seeley, Sheldon, Shclliibarger, Sherwood, Slocuru,
H.Boardman Smith, Wortbiiwton C.Smith, Snyder,
B. Milton Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stough-
ton, Stowell, Strong, St. John, Sutherland, Swann,
Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill. Tyncr, Upson,
Van Trump, Vauerhan, Voorhces, Waddell, Wake-
man, Walden, Wheeler, Whiteley, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—115.
So the motion was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, said: I desire
to say that during the evening I was attending
the meeting of my committee, the Committee
of Claims. That is my excuse for not being
present when there was a call of the House.
The result of the vote was then announced,
as above recorded.
And thereupon (at ten o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio; The petition
of Joseph B. Rothchilds, of Findlay, Ohio,
collector of internal revenue, asking relief.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of 26
internal revenue gaugers of New York and
Brooklyn, asking that their compensation may
be fixed at ten dollars per day while actually
employed.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of William
M. Butier and others, occupants of alleged
railroad lands, for lelief.
Also, the petition of James McDowell, for
pension for services in the war of 1832.
Also, the petition of J. H. Bailey and others,
citizens of Kansas and volunteers in the late
war, for equalization of bounties at the rate
of $8 33J- for each month served.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Daniel
Saint, a citizen of the United States, asking
relief for loss of property at Wurrenton,
Florida, near the Pensacola navy-yard, at the
time of surrender in 1801 to the rebel forces.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania:
The petition Mrs. Frances C. Elliott, widow
of Commodore Jesse D. Elliott, asking an
increase of pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 10, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. DAVIS, of VVest Virginia, i object.
There is nobody here.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal of yesterday's proceed-
ings.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas,
it was
Ordered, That the papers in support °f the dnim
nf Kinan E. Khea, lato widow o Dr. J. Burrows
Gratdiner, be withdrawn from the files ot the bonu-to
and delivered to L. A. Bartiott.
RKPOKTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was" referred the bill (6. No. 10j) for
the relief of Henry N. Galpiu, postmaster afc
Berlin, Connecticut, reported it witboutamend-
inent, and submitted a report thereon ; which
was ordered to be punted. ,
He also, from the same committee,_ to whom
was referred the bill (U. R. N . 22oo) toi the
relief of W. H. Kirk, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
