4430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Wisconsin, .[Mr. Ei.dredge, } to substitute half
past seven o'clock for six o'clock.
Mr. MAYNARD. Have not the yeas and
nay^-,been.ordered on that?
The SPEAKER. They have not.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
45. noes o/l; 110 quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Holman and Mr.
Mayijakd.
The House again divided; and.the tellers,
reported—ayes 78, noes 58.
Mr. PERCE and Mr. CONGER demanded
the yeas and nays. .
Mr. PERCE. And pending that, I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. No* th6 filibustering is
on the othfer side of the House.
The question, being pat ou the motion to
adjourn* the Speaker announced, on the vioa
voce division, that in the opinion of the Chair
the noes had it.
Mr PERCE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and najfs were Ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 39, nays 108, not vot-
ing 98J as follows:
YEAS^Messrs. Beftfrty, Beck, Bigby,.Bird, James
0. Blair. Benjamin K. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Co-
burn, Comingo, Conner, Uarrall, Dox, Henry D.
Foster,Garrett,Giddings, GollaSay, Hancock, Hand-
Icy, Hanks, Harper, Greorge E. Harris, John T. Har-
ris, Hereford, Jjiimison, Manson, Maynard, McClel-
land, Puree, Price, Sloss. St.evens Stevenson, Terry,
Van Tramp, Wnddolt. Walls, Wells,and Young—39.
NAYS—Mess in. Acker, Adaius, Ames, Archer,
Arthur, Averilt, Banks, Barber, Bell, Beveridge,
Bigrgs, Austin Bl.vir, Braxton, Bright,, Brooks,
BuHinton. Burchard. Burdett, Koderiek R. Butler,
Campbell, Carroll, Conger, Cotton, Crocker, Cross-
land, Dawes, Doniittt), Du Bose, Duett, Duke. Dun-
nell, Eames, IVrusworth, Pinkelnburg, Porker,
Charles roster, Wilder D. Foster, l'rye, Garfield,
Getz. Goodrich, Harmer, Havens, IlawJey, Hay,
John W. 11 use Hon, Uibburd, Hoar, Hotmail, Hough-
ton. Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall. Kerr, King, Lam-
port, IiOtie. McCrary, McHenry, Mclrnyre, Mc-
Junkin, McKee, Mercur, Merrlum, Merrick, Mon-
roe, Morgan, Mwphis, Pa-ekard, Paokor, Palmer,
Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Poland,
Prindle, Rauiey, llandall, Head, Edward Y. Rice,
Kitchie, Ellis M. Hoberts, Sion H. ltogers, Rusk,
faawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood,
Shober, Slater, Slocum, John A, Smith, Sprague,
Starkweather, Storm, Strang, Swnnn, lfliotnas,
Washington 'Townsoftd, Turner, Twiohell, 'lyner,
Wakeuian, Wftlden,' Wallace, Warren, and Win-
chester— 108.
NOT VO rlNG—Mersrs, Ambler, Barnum, Barry,
Biimhitm, Boles, Buckley, Clarke, Coghlan, Cox,
Crebs, Creely, Caioher, Davis, Do Large, Dickey,
JildredKe, llllioit, Ely, F.irvrell, Griffith, tlaldeinan,
Hale, llal-ey, J1 .-irxibloton, Hays, (icrry W. Hazel-
ton, Herndon, Hill, Hooper, Ketctiam. Killinger,
JCinsella, Lunsing, Leaoh, Lewis, Lynch, Marshall,
MeCorroiok. MeGrew, McICinney, McNeely, Ben-
jamin F. Meyers, Mitelietl. Mooro, Morey, Leon-
ard Myers, Negley, Niblaek, Orr, Hosea W. Par-
ker, Peck, Eli Perry, Peters. Piatt, Porter, Potter,
John M. itico. Wrlliam It. Roberts, Eobinson,
Jcmn KugerS, Roosevelt, Sargdnt, Scofleld, Seeley,
Shellabarger, Shoemaker, II. Boardman Smith,
Worth intion 0. Smith, Sua|in, Snyder, R. Milton
Speer, Thomas J. Sr>eer, StoUKhton, istowell, St.
John, Sutherland, Sypber, Taffe, Divight Town-
send, Tnrhill, Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wal-
dron, Wiieeler, V^hiteley, Wbitthorne, Willard,
Williams of Indiana, Willinms ol'New York, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and \Vood—93,
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Daring the call of the roll,
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, announced that
he was paired'with Mr. Sutherland.
Mr. WiLLARD announced that he was
paired with Mr. McCobmick, of Missouri.
The question recurred upon the motion for
a recess until half past "seven o'clock, upon
which a vote had been taken by tellers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, 1 ask gentle-
men to allow me to take the sense of the House
on my proposition.
Mr. RANDALL. The yeas and nays have
been culled for on the motion for a recess,
and I call for the regular order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of O^hio. I feel bound to
resist ail motions for adjournment, or recess
until some action is taken for the disposition
of this bill, either by referring it to a commit-'
tee of conference, or to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular order.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Qhio. I move that
the rules be so suspended that I can test the
sense of the House upon the proposition to
non-concur in all the amendments of the
Senate, and that the House accede to the
request of the Senate for a committee.of
conference.
The SPEAKER. The motion for a recess
takes precedence.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I want my
motion to be pending.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
ordering the yeas and nays upon the motion
for a recess utitil half past seven o'clock.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken 5 and there were—
yeas 68, nays 72, not voting 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Auoes, Archer. Arthur,
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James (i.
Blair. Braxton, Bright, Brooks. Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Carroll, Coffiingo, Conner, Orossland, Dox. I)u
Bose, Duke, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Getz, Gid-
dings, Golladay, IIal<lema,n, Hambleton, Hancoek,
Iiandley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris. Hereford,
Hibbard, Uolman, Houghton, Kendall. Kerr, Lam-
ison, Manson, McClelland, Mclntyre, Merrick, Mor-
gan, Niblack, Price, Randall. Read. Kdward Y.
Kice.Jolm M. Rice* Kitchie, Sion H. Roger?. Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Slocum. Sloss, Stevfens, Storm,
Terry. TathiJl, Van Trump, Waddell, Warren, Wells,
and Young—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Banks, Barber. Beatty,
Beveridge. Bigby, Bingham, Buckley. Buffinton,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cobb, Coghlan, Con-
ger, Cotton, Crocker, Dawes. Donnan, l)uell, Bun-
nell, Karnes, Binkolnburg, Wilder I). Foster, Frye,
Garfield, Goodrich, Harmer, Gteorge E. HarrK Haw-
ley, Hay, JobnW. Hazelton. Hoar, Kelley. Kellogg.
Lamport,Lowe, McCrary, McJunkin, McKee, Mer-
cur, Merriam, Monroe, Morphis, Packer, Palmer,
Isaac C. Parker, Peok, Pendleton. Perce, Anron F.
Perry, Peters, Poland, Rainey, Ellis H, Roberts.
Rusk, Sessions, Shanks, H. Boardman Smith. John
A.Smith. Snyder, Sprague, Starkweather, Sreven-
son. Strong. Thomas,Washirmon Townsenri.Turner,
Tyner. Wnkeman, Walden, Wallace, and Walls—72.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ainbler, Barnum,
Bsirry, Boles, Burchard, Roderick R. Butler, Clarke,
Oobnrn, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Critcher. Darrall.
Davis, De Largo, Diokey. E dredge, Elliott, Ely,
Farn^worth, Faiwell. Charles Foster, Garrett. Grif-
fith, Hale, ILilsey. Havens, Hays. Gerry W. Hazel-
Ion, Uerndtm, Hill, Hooper, Ketob-xin, Killinger,
King, Kinsella, Lansing. Leach, Lewis, Lynch,
Marshall, Maynarii. McCortuick. MeGrew. Mc-
Henry, McICinney, McNeelv, Benjamin F. Meyers.
Mitchell. Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Orr, Packard, Hosea W. Parker, ELi Perry, Ptsitt,
Porter, Potfer. Prindle, William 11. Robert*, Rob-
inson, John Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Sawyer,
Scofield. Seeley, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoe-
maker, Worthington C. Smith. Snapp, R. Milton
Spe^r, Thomas J. Speer. Stougnton. Stowell.
St. John, Sutherland. Swann, Sypher, Taffe, Dwight
Townseod, Twieheli, Upson, Vaughnn, Voorhees,
Wuldron. Wheeler, Wbitel *y, Whiuhornc, Wii-
lard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—100.
So the motion for a recess wasliot agreed to.
During the roll-cali the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. CONGER, Mycolleague, Mr. Stough*
ton, is absent at West Point on official duty.
If he were here he would vote il no."
A Memijer. How do you know that?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I am paired
with the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Scth
ERU.ND. Ifhe were here I should vote "no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The SPJHj A KER. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Gaufieij),] that the House non concur in the
amendments, andagreeto the conference asked
by the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to take a recess
until eight o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order pending a motion to suspend the rules.
The motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
GarfieldJ is to suspend the rules so as to
non-concur in all the amendments and send
them to a committee of conference.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio consent to have a vote upon the proposi-
tion that the committee of conference on the
part of the House be instructed to adhere to the
non-concurrenca of the House in the amend-
ment with regard to the election law ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We cannot
instructs committee of conference.
Mr. HOLMAN. Oh, yes; itcan be done.
Mr. RANDALL. The rules provide tor it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Senate
would refuse to confer unless we agreed to a
free conference. I hope gentlemen on the
other side will not vote against non-concur-
rence.
Mr, RANDALL. I would like to have the
Clerk read the rule which bears upon the
question whether we have the right to insiruct
a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. Tne House has that
right. The present proposition, however, is
not for a conference as an original motion,
but to accede to the request of the Senate,
which is for a " full and tree conference."
Mr- HOLMAN. Tne committee on the
part of either House may be instructed on
any particular subject.
The SPEAKER. That would not be a
response to the proposition pf the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the Senate propo-
sition call for a "full and free conference?"
The SPEAKER. That may not be so in
terms; but such is always the understanding.
Mr. RANDALL. I think the Chair had
better have read the proposition of the Sen-
ate, so that we may know whether they ask
lor a "full and free conference."
Mr. STEVENSON. They certainly do not
ask for a restricted conference.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Can we
have the regular order?
Mr. FAKNSWOR IH. I ask consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table a post
route bill, that we may concur in the Senate
amendments. It contains no legislation.
Several members objected.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gab-
field,] that the rules be suspended, so that the
amenumeiits ot' the Sena'e to the sundry civil
appropriation bill may be now concurred in,
and the request of the Senate i'or a confer-
ence granted.
The question was put, and the Speaker
declared that two thirds had not voted m the
affirmative.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules
so as to noil-concur in amendments numbered
seven, eight, nine and ten—the amendment
relating to elections ; and 011 that I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If this motion be
adopted, what effect will it have upon the
remainder of the bill?
Mr. DAWES. It leaves it where it is now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Can we act upon
part of a bill without taking up the bill?
The SPEAKER. If the motion is agreed
to, the bill will still remain on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I do not see
what is gained.
Mr. RANDALL. I believe I now have a
right to make my motion for a recess.
_ The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to make that motiou. The rules forbid it.
Mr. RANDALL. Is the pending motion to
suspend the rules ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. RANDALL. Suppose we non-concur
in this amendment, does that take the bill from
the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The motion is simply to
non-concur m these particular amendments.
If the motion be adopted, then, whenever the
bill may be taken up, those amendments will
have been non concurred in.
Mr. RANDALL. Then agreeing to this
motion does not take up the bill ?
The SPEAKEIi. ltdoes.not.
Mr.' RANDALL. Then we can vote to
non-concur without getting at the,bill at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
