3534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the bill (S. No. 884) for the relief
of the sureties of Frederick Boehmier, of the
State of Iowa, reportedit without amendment,
and submitted a report thereon ; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1042) for the
relief of Thomas Hollis, of Morgan county,
Georgia, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1564) for the
relief of William F. Barker, postmaster at
Northville, Fulton county, New York, re-
ported it without amendment, aud submitted
a report thereon ; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George F. Tracy,
postmaster at Bridgeport, Connecticut, pray-
ing to be relieved from the payment of money
for postage stamps stolen from him December
1, 1871, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The Com-
mittee on Pension,;, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2423) granting a pension to
Jaires Supple, have directed me to report it
without amendment, and recommend its pas-
sage. 1 will ask whether it can be considered
at once?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that in four minutes from now, by unani-
mous consent, the Senate is to proceed to
vote upon the Baltimore and Potomac railroad
bill, and therefore it would be difficult this
morning to pass any bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Let it go on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2422) granting a pension to
Phebe Ann Elderkin, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 217) to amend
an actentitled "An actfor therelief of Rebecca
S. Harrison," approved February 25, 1865,
submitted an adverse report; which wasordered
to be printed, and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2421) grant-
ing a pension to Eleanor K. Fillis, asked to
be discharged from its further cqnsideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, trom the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. It. No. 2420) granting
a pension to Margaret A. Renshaw, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2417) granting a pension to Abraham
Cooper, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2398) granting a pension to
Martha G. Rudolph, to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. I
will state that the committee on a previous day
had instructed me to make an adverse report
on this bill. The bill was recommitted upon
the allegation that there was fresh evidence
which changed the whole complexion ot the
case. The committee on examining that fresh
evidence are satisfied that this widow is enti-
tled to a pension, and accordingly they direct
me to recommend the passage ot the bill with-
out amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the me-
morial of the Legislature of the State of Mis-
sissippi, asking grants of land for university
and normal school purposes, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; and
the memorial was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1576) direct-
ing that a bounty-land warrant for one hundred
and sixty acres of land be issued to Elisha
Franklin for military services in the war of
1812, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be relerred to the
Committee on Military Affairs; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1035) for the
restoration to market of certain lands in Mich-
igan, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1011) to authorize the construction
of certain bridges over the Mississippi river
and over the St Croix lake or river, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. 291) for the relief of the officers
and crew of the United States ship Wyoming,
reported it with-amendments.
military academy appropriation.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. It. No. 1661) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1873, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments disagieed to by the IIouso of ltopre&eiitatives,
find agree to the conference asked by the House of
Representatives on the disagreeing votes ot the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Sprague, Mr. West, and Mr. Carpenter, the
conferees on the part of the Senate.
consular and diplomatic bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Sawyep., Mr. Cameron, and Mr. ViCKEits,the
conferees on the part of the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
bill (H. R. No. 1323) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic service of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes.
administration op justice.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate, the amendment of the House of rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 473) to further
the administration of justice; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
potomac railroad depot.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of a
quarter after eleven o'clock having arrived,
the Chair will read from the manuscript notes
of the reporter what occurred last night at
the adjournment of the Senate :
"The Vice President. The Senator from Kansas
renews the proposition thai the vote be taken at a
quarter past eleven o'clock to-morrow morning, al-
lowing a Senator offering an amendment tospeak
five minutes in explanation of it. Is there objection
to this proposition? -The Chair hears none. It is
therefore ordered that, at a quarter «past eleven
o'clock to-morrow, the Senate proceed to vote on
the pending amendment and all amendments that
may be offered, each Senator offering any amend-
ment to speak five minutes, and no other Senator to
speak on the amendment or on the bill.
"Mr. Pomeroy. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
"Mr. Cameron-. Before that motion is put, I want
to know whether anything can interfere with the
consideration and passage of this bill to-morrow?
"The Vice President. Nothing. Byunanimous
consent it will be oalled up at a quarter past eleven
o'clock to-morrow morning in prefereneeto all other
business."
Therefore, byunanimous consent last, night,
the Baltimore and Potomac bill is before the
Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2187) to confirm the action of the board
of aldermen and common council of the city
of Washington, designating a depot site for the
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company,
and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At the time of
the adjournment the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Saulsuuri'] had an amendment pending,
which will again be reported.
Mr. FENTON. I wasaboutto suggest that
this question be deferred until after the morn-
ing business be concluded.
Mr. CAMERON and others. Oh, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is the unan-
imous order of the Senate, and of course it
is for Senators themselves to comply with it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Sadlsbcry, which was on page 3, line
fifty-six, to strikeout, after the word "Colum-
bia," the words "it being understood that the
question of damages herein referred to shall
be confined to the question of appreciation or
depreciation of the value of the property situ-
ated along said street."
Mr. SAlfLSBURY. I will inqtiire of the
Chair whether on this amendment I have any
time allowed me to speak?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses by the spirit of the agreement, although
the Senator spoke last evening, he would be
entitled to five minutes. The understanding,
however, is that no Senator except the one
who offers an amendment is to speak at all
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. SAULSBTJRY. I offered this amend-
ment for the purpose of securing to persons
resident in the city owning property on Sixth
street a fair compensation or allowance of dam-
ages for any injury that may be done to their
property. Any private person owning prop-
erty on this street is by the bill limited in the
amount of damages he may recover to the
actual damages arising from the depreciation
of the property. 1 said last night, and I
repeat, that that is not the full measure of
damages which a party may sustain by reason
of the construction of a railroad on Sixth
street, and to secure to these persons fair
damages for injuries sustained I have offered
this amendment.
Now, sir, in reference to the general char-
acter of the provisions of this bill I have noth-
ing to say, and do not desire to say anything
except to repeat the regret which I expressed
last night that the public park of this city is to
be appropriated by the legislation of Congress
to the benefit of a private corporation. I con-
cur fully in the views expressed by Senators
who oppose the appropriation of any portion
of the public park in this city to this corpora-
tion.
It isin no spirit of hostility to the corporation
that I object to this measure, noris it because
I have any regard or favor for any other cor-
poration. In these times when men's motives
are liable to suspicion, I think it proper to say
that I know no president or director of any
railroad connected wilh this city, and have no
knowledge of any. While I should be the last
man to impute anything dishonorable to any
Senator, I know, whatever we may think of
ourselves, however we may view ourselves,
the country does think that the corporations
of the countiy aie controlling the legislation
of Congress. Therefore, I think it proper to
disclaim, in this connection, being influenced
by any consideration of favor to one corpora-
tion or of opposition to another.
I shall not continue the discussion. I have
submitted the amendment for the purpose of
