794
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
person?, and undertaking that, within such
time after the bid is accepted as the Post-
master General may prescribe, the bidder will
enter into an obligation, with' good and suffi-
cient sureties, to perform the service proposed ;
and no proposals shall be considered unless
accompanied hy such guarantee.
Sec 246. That each bid for carrying the
mail shall hereafter have affixed to it the oath
of the bidder, taken before an officer qualified
to administer oaths that he has the ability
pecuniarily to fulfil his obligations, and that
the bid is made in good faith and with the
intention to enter into contract and perform
the service, in casehis-bi<l shall be accepted;
and that the signatures of his guaran:ors are
genuine, and that he believes said guarantors
pecuniarily responsible and able to pay for
all damages the United States shall suffer by
reason of the bidder's failing to perform his
obligations as such bidder.
Sec 247. That any postmaster or other offi-
cer of the Post Office Department who shall
affix bis signature to tbe Certificate of suffi-
ciency of guarantors or sureties before the
guaranty or contract is signed by the guaran-
tors or sureties, or shall knowingly make any
false or illusory certificate, shall be forthwith
dismissed from office, and shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, ou con-
viction thereof, be punished by a fine not
exceeding one thousand dollars, or by impris-
onment not exceeding one year, or both.
Sec. '248. That the Postmaster General
shall have recorded, in a book to be kept, for
that purpose, a true and faithful abstract of
all proposals made to him lor carrying the
mail, giving the name of the party offering,
tile terms of the offer, the Sum to be paid,
and the time the contract is to continue; and
he shall put on file and preserve the originals
of all such proposals.
Sec. '249. That all contracts for carrying
the mail shall be in the name of the United
States, and shall be awarded to the lowest bid-
der tendering sufficient guarantees for faithful
performance) without other reference to the
mode of transports lontlian maybe necessary
to provide for tbe due celerity, certainty, and
security thereof; but the Postmaster General
shall not be bound to consider the bid of any
person who has wilfully or negligently failed
to perform a former contract.
Sec. 250. That no contract for carrying the
mail shall be made with any person who baa
entered, or proposed to enter, into any com-
bination to prevent the making ol any bid for
carrying the mail, or who has made any agree-
ment, or given or perfotmed, or promised to
give or perform, any consideration whatever
to induce any other person not to bid tor any
such contract; and it any person so offending
is a contractor for carrying the mail, his con-
tract may be annulled ; and for the first offence
the person so offending shall be disqualified
to contract for carrying the mail for five years,
and for the second offence shall be forever
disqualified.
beu. 251. That after any regular bidder or
contractor for the transportation of the mail
upon any route shall have failed to enter into
contract, and commence theperlormance there-
of as herein provided, the Postmaster General
shall proceed to contract with the next lowest
bidder tor such service, who will enter into a
contiact and perform the same, unless the
Postmaster General shall consider such bid
too high, in which case he snail re-advertise
such service. And in all cases of regular con
tracts hereafter made the contract may, in ttie
discretion ot the Postmaster General, be con-
tinued in lorce beyond its express terms for a j
penod not exceeding six months, until anew
contract with the same or other Contractors
shall be made by the Postmaster General.
The Postmaster General may contract, with-
out advertisement, for a period not to exceed
twelve months, for the carriage of the mail on
such route during the time that shall neces-
sarily elapse between the failure of .either of
the accepted bidders to enter into a contract
and the time when the next accepted bidder
under the old or a new advertisement shall
enter upon his contract; and the difference
between the price proposed in the accepted
bid and that paid for intermediate service shall
be charged to the failing bidder or bidders,
and may be recovered in the name of the
United States for the use of the Post Office
Department, in an action on the ease. And
when the contract shall be made and con-
cluded, the difference between the accepted
bid of the failing bidders and the amount pay-
able under the contract for the service of two
years shall be forthwith charged against the
failing bidder or bidders; and an action fo1-
such sum in the nature of liquidated damages
shall accrue to the United States for the use
of the Post Office Department immediately
upon the execution of the final contract. And
both causes of action mentioned in this sec-
tion may be joined in one suit.
Sec. 2o'2. That no bidder for carrying the
mails shall be released from his obligation
under his bid or proposal, notwithstanding ail
award made to a lower bidder, until a contract
for the designated service shall have been duly
executed by such lower bidder and his sure-
ties, and accepted.1 and the service entered
upon by the contractor to the satisfaction of
the Postmaster General.
Sec. 25o. That hereafter all bidders upon
every mail route for the transportation of the
mat Is upon the same, where the annual com-
pensation for the service on such route at the
time exceeds the sum ot five thousand dollars,
shall accompany their bids with a certified
check or draft, payable to the order of tbe
Postmaster General upon some solvent na-
tional bank, which check or draft shall not be
less than five per centum on the amount of the
annual pay on said route at the time such bid
is made; and in case of new service, not less
than tive per centum of tbe amount of one
year's pay proposed in such bid, if the bid
exceed five thousand dollars per annum. In
case any bidder, on being awarded any such
contract, shall fall to execute the same, with
good and sufficient sureties, according to the
terms oil which such bid was made and ac-
cepted, and enter upon the performance of
the service to the satisfaction of the Post-
master General, such bidder shall forfeit the
amount so deposited to the Uni ed States, and
the same shall forthwith be paid into the
Treasury for the use of the Post Office De
partment; but if such contract shall he duly
executed and the service entered upon as
aloresaid, such draft or check so deposited
shall be returned to the bidder.
Sec. 254. That any person or persons bid-
ding for the transportation of the mails upon
any route which may be advertised to be let,
and receiving an award of the contract for
such service, who shall wrongfully refuse or
fail to enter into contract with the Postmaster
General in due form, and perform the service
described in his or their bid or proposal, shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, ou
conviction thereof, be punished by a fine not
exceeding five thousand dollars and by im-
prisonment for a term not exceeding twelve
months.
Sec. 255. That the Postmaster General,
whenever he may deem it consistent with the
public interest, may accept new surety upon
any contract existing or hereafter made for
carrying the mails, in substitution for and
ielease of any existing surety.
Sec. 256. That no contract for carrying the
mail shall be made for a longer term than four
years, and no contract for carrying the mail
on the sea shall be made for a longer term
than two years.
Sec. 257. That whenever, by reason of any
error, omission, or other cause, any route
which should properly be advertised for the
regular letting is omitted, it shall be the duty
of the Postmaster General to advertise the
same as soon as the error or omission shall be
discovered, and the proposals for such route
shalt be opened as soon as possible after the
other proposals in tbe same contract section ;
and the contract made under such supplement-
ary advertisement shall run, as nearly as pos-
sible, frOm the beginning to the end of the
regular contract term, and, during the time
necessarily lost by reason of such error, omis-
sion, or other cause, the Postmaster General
shall provide for the carrying of the mail on
such route at as low rate as possible, -without
advertising.
Sec. '258. That whenever it becomes neces-
sary to change the terms of an existing eon-
tract for carrying the mail otherwise than as
provided in sections two hundred and sixty
and two hundred and sixty-one, notice thereof
shall he given and proceedings had thereon
the same as at the letting of original contracts.
Sec. 259. That no person whose bid for car-
rying the mail'is-accepted shall receive any
pay until he has executed his contract accord-
ing to law and the regulations of the Depart-
ment.
Sec. 260. T-hat compensation for additional
service in carrying tbe mail shall not be m
excess of the exact proportion which the ori-
ginal compensation bears to the original ser-
vice; and when any such additional service is
ordered, the sum to be allowed therefor shall
be expressed in the order, and entered upon
the books of the Department; and no compen-
sation shall be paid for any additional regular
service rendered before the issuing of such
order.
Sec. 201. That 110 extra allowance shall be
made for any increase of expedition in carry-
ing the mail utilet-s thereby the employment
of additional stock and carriers is made neces-
sary, and in such case the additional compen-
sation shall bear-no greater proportion to the
additional stock and carriers necessarily em-
ployed than the compensation ill the original
contract bears to the stock and carriers neces-
sarily employed in its execution.
Sec. 262. That the Postmaster General shall
deliver to the Auditor for the Post Office De-
partment, Within sixty days after the making
of any contract for carrying the mail, a dupli-
cate cony thereof.
Sec. 263. That the Postmaster General,
after advertising for proposals, may enter into
contracts or make suitable arrangements for
transporting the mail through any foreign coun-
try, between any two points m the United
States, and such transportation shall be by the
speediest, safest, and most economical route;
and all contracts therefor may be revoked
wheneverany new road orcanal shall be opened
affording a speedier, more economical, aud
equally safe transportation between the same
points; but in case of the revocation of any
such contract, a fair indemnity shall be awarded
to the contractor.
Sec. 264. That the Postmaster General may
contract ivith the owner or master of any steam-
boat plying upon the waters of the United
Siates, or of any steamship or other vessel
plying between ports of the United States, for
carrying the mail for any length of time less
than four years, and without advertising for
proposals therefor, whenever the public inteiest
ami convenience will thereby be promoted;
but the price paid for such service shall in no
case be greater than the average price paid
