1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3535
trying to secure a proper measure of damages
for persons who are injured by the laying of a
track along Sixth street;-and having submit-
ted these views I now, at the request of Sen-
ators, withdraw the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is withdrawn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following amendment to come in at the end
of the bill as an additional proviso :
And provided further. That the railroad track on
Sixth slreet shall be constructed on such grade be-
low the surface of the ground, with such walls
embankments, fenees, and bridges as shall be pre-
scribed as suitable and proper by a commission
consisting or the officer in charge of the public
buildings and grounds, the chairman of the Board
oi Public Works, and the engineer-in-chief of the
War Department.
I will not ask for the yeas and nays on this,
bat will ask a division of the Senate because I
deem it important.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 24, noes 26.
Mr. BLAIR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter.] If he were here he would vote
"yea,-" and I should vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 34; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Bucking-
ham, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton oj Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood, Schurz.Sprague, Stevenson, Sumner.Tbur-
man, Trumbull,Vickers, West, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Cra-
gin, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Freling-
huysen, Gilbert, Hamlm, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe,
Kelly,Lewis,Logan, Morton, Nye,Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Ransom, Robertson,
Sawyer. Scott. Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton,
Tipton, and Windom—34.
ABSENT— Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Boreman,
Browniow, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler, Cole,
Conkhng, Davis of Kentucky, Goldthwaite, Hill,
Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Rice, Saulsbury, and
Wilson—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end
of the section, and I ask that it may be read
before Senators make up their minds to vote
against it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
follows:
And provided further, That in crossing the park
or Mall no steam locomotive shall be used in passing
on Sixth street, to or from the depot building, but
horse power only shall be used.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 27.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. Upon all amendments
connected with this bill, 1 am paired with the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.] On
this amendment I should vote " nay " and he
would vote' 'yea." On all the other amendments
we should vote directly opposite to each other.
The question being taken by yeas aud nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Buckingham, Cooper,
Corbett, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry
of Connecticut. Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Norwood, Ransom, Sohurz, Sprague,
Stevenson, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers, and
Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Caldwell, Cameron, Casserly,
Clayton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Freling-
huysen, Gilbert, Hamlm, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis,
Logan, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott.
Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Tipton, West,
Wilson, and Windom—32.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Boieman, Browniow, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton,
Ilarlan, Hill, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, xtice,
Saulsbury, and Sumner—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am sorry
the bill seems to need so much amendment,
but I think there is a necessity for the pro-
vision which I now send to the Chair, and I
ask for a division on it.
meTnhteaSCfoflows!rk ^ ^ pr0p0Sed amend"
any other purpose than that herein specially men-
tioned; and no horses, cattle, or stock or sUbfes
in gioss, or merchandise, except ordinary exDress
packages, sh9.ll be brought in carried iaIjoj
or unloaded, at said passenger (iepot on Sixti street.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks for a division on this
amendment.
^•HAMILTON, °'' Maryland. I think
we had better have the yeas and nays on that
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Sixth street is a pretty
long street. I would not shut up the whole
street.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It only ap-
plies to that part occupied by the railroad.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not wish to be out
rSf ' kut t'le already provides for that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CARPENTER. On this bill I am
paired with the Senator from Delaware) [Mr.
Saulsbury.] He would vote against the bill
and for all amendments, and I should vote
against all amendments and for the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 34; as follows:
i. T.E4S-:Me¥':f; AmAs.' ?lair' Col«. Cooper. Cor-
bett, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Connecti-
cut Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
ot lexas, Johnston, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood
ftansom, Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Thurinan',
Vickers, and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Caldwell, Cam'eron.Cassorly, Clay-
ton, Conkhng, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Flana-
gan, Frelmghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin. Hitchcock,
Howe, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Scott, Shorman, Spencer, Stewart,
Stockton, Tipton, West, and Windom—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Browniow, Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler,
Cragm, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Harlan, Hill,
Kellogg, Morrill ot Maine, Rice, Saulsbury, Sumner,
iruinbull, and Wilson—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I do not
know upon what principle we can donale this
property to this company. I therefore offer
an amendment to come in in line nineteen,
after the word "tax," to provide for some-
thing in the shape of rent. It is to insert after
the word " lax," in that line, the words " and
an annual rent of $5,000 so that the clause
will read:
And the said property so occupied by said com-
pany, together with the improvements which may
be put thereon, shall bo subject to a tax and an
annual rent of $5,000 by the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
my friend to strike out the word "tax," be-
cause that is provided for, and insert merely
an annual rental.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I do not
propose to strike out anything. If we strike
out the word " tax" in this clause no tax will
be collected on this property as on oiher
property. I propose simply to require that an
annual rental of $5,000 shall be paid for
the use of this property. I know of no
principle upon which it should be donated
or given to this company. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon this amendment. It is a very
important question I think, and the decision
of it will settle the question in regard to other
roads hereafter. The question is whether we
are going to give, free of cost, to this com-
pany this lot of ground, eight hundred feet by
three hundred, and of course our decision now
will govern us hereafter in the case of other
railroads that are to come here with similar
applications. We are to decide now whether
we are to treat them all alike by donating
them similar facilities or whether we shall
charge them for them. The proceeds of this
rental ave intended to go to the support of the
public schools of the District.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
YVest Virginia, on which the yeas and nays are
demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered: and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 83; as follows!
Buckingham, Cooper, Davis
m i PTia'*!?muncjs' Goldthwaite, Hamilton
Vf Tex!«- Johnston?Kelly"
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Schurz, Spr&sue
Wilson!'ln'dbWHngbt—21Urm,ln' T''UmbaU>
agan, Frelinghnysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Ilarlan
Hitchooek, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nve, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Ransom
Robertson, Scott, Sherman, Spencer. Stewart, Stock-
5v>J?IPiT?n' }est' Windoiu—33.
ABfaLNi—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony. Bav-
nrd, Boreman, Browniow, Carpenter, Casserly,
Chandler, Cole, Cragin Davis of Kentuoky, Ferry
of Connecticut, II. II, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine,
Osborn, Rioe, Saulsbury, and Sawyer—-20.
So the amendment was rejected.
kf,r- THURMAN. I move to amend the
bill ill line fifty-eight by striking out the words
|' appreciation and;" and in line fifty-nine by
inserting, after the word "street, "the words
"irrespective of any benefit accruing to the
party by reason of the construction of said
railroad or depot." The clause now reads :
It being understood that the question of dam-
ages herein referred to shall beooulined to the ques-
tion of appreciation and depreciation of the value
of tho property situated along said street.
The object of that is very plainly to allow
what are called benefits to be offset against
injuries; aud we luiow in Ohio from experi-
ence what that comes (o. I remember very
well that when the Ohio canal was made
through the county in which I resided, trav-
ersing a distance of about thirty-five miles,
there were but about two hundred dollars darn-
ages awarded to the land-owners on that line
of canal. The commissioners reported that
the lands were benefited more than they were
injured by the construction of tho canal, and
although the lands of everybody who owned
lands adjacent to the canal, which were not
taken, were equally benefited, yet these per-
sons were compelled to lose their land, upon
the theory that the general benefit resulting
from the construction of tire canal bad bene-
fited tliem equal to the amount that they were
injured by the loss of their land. That is cor-
rected by our new constitution, which prohibits
taking into consideration the benefits accruing
from the making of improvements.
This bill is very cunningly devised to enable
commissioners to offset any supposed benefit
to the property on Sixth street resulting from
the construction of this railroad or depot
against the injury to the property of the owner.
That is not right. I move this amendment
for the purpose of excluding the consideration
of any such general benefits that arise from
the construction of tho road or depot, and
giving to the owner of the property the dam-
ages that lie sustains by the depreciation of
his property.
The amendment was rejected, there being,
on a division—ayes 17, noes 29.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the bill on page 4, line sixty-eight,
by inserting, after the word " keep," the words
"gates and ;" and by inserting in line sixty-
nine, after the word "danger," the woids
" without the use of bells or steam-whistles on
Sixth street aforesaid;" so that the proviso
will read:
And provided further, That while trains aro
moving to and from Virginia avenue along Sixth
street and said depot, tho said railroad company
shall keep gates and flagmen at tho seveial street
crossings to warn people of danger, without the use
of bells or steam-whistles on Sixth street aforesaid.
I ask for a division on this amendment.
The amendment was rejected, there being on
a division—ayes 17, noes 25.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.^ I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end
of the bill as an additional proviso:
And provided further. That the rates for toll and
freights per ton of eight cents per mile, and for
passengers of four cents per mile, shall be subject to
revision by Congress any time after five years.
The amendment was rejected.
