1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
Laics of the United States.
42d Cose.... 2d Sess.
under the last preceding or then existing
regular contract on the game route.
Sec. 265. j hat the Postmaster General may
enter ituo contracts for carrying the mail, with
railway companies, without advertising tor
bids therefor; and the Postmaster General
may allow any railrotid company with whom
he may cuntractfor the carrying of the United
States mail, and who furnish railway post office
cars for the transportation of the mail, such
additional compensation beyond that now
allowed by law as he may think fit, not exceed-
ing. however, fifty per centum of the said rates.
Sec. 266. That the Postmaster General may
make deductions from the pay of contractors,
for failures to perform service according to
contract, and impose fines upon them for other
delinquencies. He may deduct the price of
the trip in all cases where the trip is not per-
formed; and not exceeding three times the
price if the failure be occasioned by the fault
of the contractor or carrier.
Sec. 267. That the Postmaster General may,
after advertising for proposals, enter into con-
tracts for the transportation of the mail be-
tween the United States and anyforeign coun-
try whenever the public interests will thereby
be promoted.
Sec. 2(j8. Thatthemail between the United
States and anyforeign port, or between ports
of the United States touching at a foreign port,
shall be transported in steamships; tjut the
Postmaster General may have such trans-
portation perlormed by sailing vessels when
the service can be facilitated thereby.
Sec. That for transporting the mail be-
tween the United States and any foreign port,
or between ports of the United States touch-
ing at a foreign port, the Postmaster General
may allow as compensation, if by a United
States steamship, any sum not exceeding the
sea and United States inland postage, and if
by a foreign steamship or by a sailing vessel,
any sum not exceeding the sea postage, on the
mail so transported.
Sec. 270. That the Postmaster General may
impose fines on contractors for transporting
the mail between the United States and any
foreign country, for any unreasonable or un-
necessary delay m the departure of such mail,
or the performance of the trip ; but the fine
for any one default shall not exceed one half
the contract price for the trip.
Sec. 271. 1 hat no contractor for transport-
ing the mail within or between the United
States and any foreign country shall assign or
transfer his contract, and all such assignments
or transfers shall be null and void.
Sec. 272. That every contract for transport-
ing tne mail between the United States and
any foreign country shall contain, besides the
usual s.ipulafion for the ngnt of the Post-
master General to discontinue the same, the
further stipulation that it may be terminated
by Congress.
Sec 273. That the Postmaster General may,
by and with the advice arid consent of the
President, make any arrangements which may
be deemed just and expedient for allowing the
mails of Canada, or anv other country adjoin-
ing the United states, to be transported over
the territory of the United States, from one
point in such country to any other point m the
same, at the expense of the country to which
the mail belongs, upon obtaining a like privi-
lege for the transportation of the United .States
mail through tile country to winch the privilege
is granted ; but such privilege may at anytime
be annulled by the President or Congress from
and after one month sucecedmg the day on
which notice of the act, of the President or
Congiess is given to the chief executive or
the head of the post office department of the
country whose piivilege is to be annulled.
Sec. 274. That every foreign mail shall,
while being transported across the territory
of United States under the provisions of
the preceding section, be deemed and taken
to be a mail of the United States, so far as
to make any violation thereof, or depredation
thereon, or offence in respect thereto, or any
part thereof, an offence of the same grade,
and punishable in the same manner and to
the same extent_ as though the said mail was
a mail of the United States ; and in any indict-
ment for any such offence, the said mail, or
any part thereof, may be alleged to be, and
on the trial of any such indictment it shall be
deemed and held to be, a mail or part of a
mail of the United States.
Sec. 275. That the Postmaster General or
the Secretary of State is hereby authorized to
empower the cousub of the United States to
pay the foreign postage on sach letters des-
tined for the United States as maybe detained
at the ports of foreign countries for the non-
payment of postage, which postage shail be by
the consul marked as paid by him, and the
amount thereof shall be collected in the Uni-
ted States as other postage, on the delivery
of the letters, and repaid to said consul, or
credited on his account at the State Depart-
'ment.
Sec. 276. That the Postmaster General,
under the direction of the President of the
United States, is hereby authorized and em-
powered to charge upon, and collect from, all
letters and other mailable matter carried to or
from any port of the United States, in any
foreign packet-ship or other vessel, the same
rate or rates of charge for American postage
which the Government to which such foreign
packet or other vessel belongs imposes upon
letters and other mailable matter conveyed to
or from such foreign country iu American
packets or other vessels as the postage of
such Government, and at any time to revoke
the same ; and it shail be the duty of all cus
tom-house officers and other United States
agents designated or appointed tor that pur-
pose to enforce or carry into effect the fore-
going provision, and to aid or assise in the
Collection of such postage; and to that end it
shall be lawful for such officers and agents, on
suspicion of fraud, to open and examine, iu
the presence of two or more respectable per
Sons, being citizens of the United States, any
package or packages supposed to contain maii
able matter found on board such packets or
other vessels or elsewhere, and to prevent, if
necessary, such packets or other vessels from
entering, breaking bulk, or maku.g clearance
until such letters or other mailable matter
are duly delivered into the United States post
office.
Sec. 277. That all letters or other mailable
matter conveyed to or from any part, of the
United States by any foreign packet or ship,
except such sealed let ers relating to said ship
or vessel, or any part of the cargo thereof as
may be directed to the owner or owners, con
signee or consignees, of said ship or other ves-
sel, shall be so subject to postage charge as
aforesaid, whether addressed to any person in
the United States or elsewhere, piovided it is
done by the packet or other ship of a foreign
country imposing posiage on letters or mail-
able matter conveyed to or from such country I
by any packet or other ship of the United j
States; and such letters or other mailable I;
matter carried in foreign packet-ships or other |;
vessels, except such unsealed letters relating ji
to the ship or vessel, or any part of the cargo M
thereof, as may be directed to the owner or
owners, consignee or consignees, as aforesaid,
are hereby required to be delivered into the
United States post office by the master or
commanders of all sucii packets or other ves
sels when arriving, and to be taken from a
United States post otlice when depatting. and
the postage panl thereon justly chargeable by
this act; and for refusing or failing to do so,
J or for conveying said letters or anv letters
intended to be conveyed in any ship or vessel
of such foreign country over or across the
United States, or any portion thereof, the
party offending shall, on conviction, forfeit
and pay not exceeding one thousand dollars
for each offence.
Sec. 278." That any person who shall wilfully
or maliciously injure, deface, or destroy any
mail matter, deposited in any letter-box. pil-
lar box, or other receptacle established by
authority of the Postmaster General for the
safe deposit of matter for the mail or for de-
livery, or who shall wilfully aid or assist in
injuring such mail matter, shall, on conviction
thereof, for every such offence, forfeit and
pay not more than five hundred dollars, or be
imprisoned not more than three years, at the
discretion of the court.
Sec. 279. That any person employed in any
department of the postal service who shall
secrete, embezzle, ordestroy any letter, packet,
b,<g, or mail of letters intrusted to him, or
which shall comeimo his possession, and which
was intended to be conveyed by mail, or car-
ried or delivered by any mail-carrier, mail
messenger, route agent, letter-carrier, or other
person employed in any department, of the
postal service, or forwarded through or deliv-
ered from any post office or branch post
office established by authority of the Post-
master General, and which shall contain any
note, bond, draft, check, warrant, revenue-
stamp, postage stamp, stamped envelope,
postal card, money order, certificate of stock,
or other pecuniary obligation or security of
the Government, or of any officer or fiscal
agent thereof, of any description whatever ;
any bank note, bank post-bill, bill of exchange,
or note of assignment of stock in the funds;
any letter of attorney for receiving aunuities
or dividends, selling stock in the funds, or
collecting the interest theteof; any letter of
credit, note, bond, warjant,, draft, bill, prom-
issory note, covenant, contract, or agree-
ment, whatsoever, for or relating to the pay-
ment of money, or the delivery of any article
of value, or th j performance of any act, mat-
ter. orthing; anyreceipt, release, acquittance,
or discharge of or from any debt, covenant,
or demand, or any part thereof; any copy of
the record of any judgment or decree in any
court of law or chancery, or any execution
which may have issued thereon ; any copy of
any other record, or any other article of value,
or writing representing the same; any such
person who shall steal or take any of the
things aforesaid out of any letter, packet, bag,
or mail of letters which shall have come into
his possession, either in the regular course
of his official duties, or in any other manner
wha ever, and provided the same shall not
have been delivered to the party to whom it is
directed, every such person shall, on convic-
tion thereof, for every such offence, be impris-
oned at hard labor not less thau one nor more
than five years.
Sec. 280. That the fact that any letter,
packet, bag, or mail of letters shall have been
deposited in any post office or branch post
office established oy authoriiy of the Post-
master General, or iu any other authorized
depository for mail matter, or in charge of
any postmaster, assistant, clerk, carrier, agent,
or messenger employed in any department of
the postal service, shall be taken and held to
be evidence that the same was "intended to
be conveyed by mail" within the meaning of
this stalute.
Sec. 281. That any person who shall steal
the mail, or steal or take from or out of any
mail, or post office, branch post office, or
other authorized depository for mail matter,
any letter or packet; any person who shall
take the mail or any letter or packet there-
from, or from any post office, branch post
