1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1743
always do, when assailed here where they have
no voice to speak in their behalf.
TARIFF AND ITS BURDENS.
Mr. CROSSLAND addressed the House on
the subject of the tariff and its burdens. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
WHAT IS A TABIFF FOR REVENUE ?
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, to-day I shall
not express opinions concerning the probable
action of the Committee of Ways and Means,
or state to what extent, in ray judgment, taxa-
tion can now be reduced, but will defer dis-
cussion of those matters until the committee
reports. Mr. Speaker, several times here-
tofore, under a sense of duty to the country,
I have discussed with much care, in this
Hall, the great subject of taxation by tariff. It
is a subject of vital importance to every citi-
zen, for it affects almost every interest of
human beings in their relations to business or
society. It is beset by many difficulties; it is
the cover for many false pretenses ; it is full of
details and complications. It affords inex-
haustible material for research and reflection ;
but it seldom fails to reward the patient and
unselfish investigator with clear views and
safe guidance. More than any other subject
of current legislation it demands the most
careful study, thoughtful analysis, and wide
range of facts and comparisons. Without such
aid and preparation, the most conscientious
and experienced statesmen are constantly iia-
ble to error. Indeed, it may be confessed
that human life is too short and human knowl-
edge too limited to permit anyone fully to mas-
ter this great subject in all its details and rela-
tions. But so far as it is practicable, the faithful
legislator should attempt it. He should at least
endeavor to comprehend its great principles,
a task by no means difficult. It is of some
of the results of such an effort, imperfect
I know, but conscientiously and unselfishly
made, that I propose now to address the
House. This duty I shall discharge in a spirit
of kindness and frankness, but under the im-
pulse of deep conviction. My facts shall be
the most faithful and reliable that are attain-
able by me after diligent study and inquiry.
LAWFUL OBJECT OF TAXATION.
I assume that the only just and lawful object
of all taxation is revenue. So long as govern-
ment is a necessity to mankind, taxation and
revenue will be also. But taxation for any
other purpose than revenue is in its best forms
questionable and partial, and almost always
absolutely wrong, dishonest, and oppressive.
Every good citizen will always be willing to
pay needful tribute to support his Government.
But good, brave, and intelligent men will not
consent to pay tribute to other men for their
private coffers without discontent, protest, and
agitation for reform. Yet the chief end and
aim of every tariff for protection is to compel
the great body of the people to do this very
hateful thing. It is against this sort of "pro-
tection," forced tribute, that honest men should
wage the most uncompromising hostility. A
tariff duty is a tax. A tariff duty imposed for
revenue alone is a just tax for the support of
the Government. A tariff duty imposed for
protection is a tax imposed upon all the con-
sumers of the article in question for the bene-
fit of the protected producer of that article,
and to enable him to charge for it a higher
price than it would otherwise cost.
"Government has a right to take apart of the
fruits of every man's industry for its own mainte-
nance; but when it goes beyond this, and forcibly
takes a portion of the fruits of one man's industry
to reward another man's industry, it steps out of its
true sphere."
The value of the protection to the producer
is just the increased cost of his product to the
consumer of it caused by the duty. The protec-
tive tariffs are never made for consumers. The
consumers as a class cannot be protected, only
the few favored producers. The Government
does not pay the cost of protection. It only
legalizes the means by which the protected pets
price
compel the comsumers to pay it. Itbarsthe
sea-board against the admission of competi-
tors, keeps out competition, and thus enables
the favorites to add the tribute to the
of what they sell our people.
SYSTEMS OF TAXATION IN THE UNITED STATES,
Under our Constitution it is not practicable,
without amendment, for Congress to abandon
taxation by excises or by customs duties.
Ihey must be continued of necessity, butthey
are capable of infinite improvement and reform
in adjustment and administration. It is for
these ends that the people should struggle with
persistent and intelligent earnestness. All
I1 ederal taxes now rest upon consumption,
not production, except the income tax and a
few other taxes upon capital. The extent and
amount of these latter taxes on prosperous
wealth should be increased, not diminished.
The aggregated and prosperous wealth of our
country has never paid its just proportion of
taxation. During the last fiscalyear the excise
tax collected on spirits was $46,281,848. In
the same year the Treasury realized from the
tax on fermented liquors $7,389,501, and from
the tax on tobacco $33,578,907. These pro-
ducts are accepted by almost all nations as
among the most legitimate objects of taxation.
They are classed, like tea, coffee, and sugar,
as secondary, not primary, necessities. All
these taxes, although voluntary in their na-
ture, are taxes on consumption, and are paid
by the consumers. But the tax-payer, the
good citizen, will find that all these taxes are
tribute paid to the Treasury for the support of
the Government, and not to monopoly, nor to
a few favorites of power. Being voluntary
taxes, he is not compelled to pay them, but
may do so if so impelled by his tastes and
appetites. Whatever they c.,st the citizen,
they pay to his country. They are, therefore,
in the strictest sense, revenue taxes, and, in
my judgment, in the present condition of our
country, they ought not to be very materially
reduced in their productive capacity to the
Treasury. They '' protect" nobody, and give
special privileges to none, but treat all alike,
They are therefore disliked by protectionists;
and their repeal is demanded by them in order
that the revenue raised from them may be im
posed under the tariff, where it will " protect'
and compel everybody to pay tribute to the
monopolists, the bounty-fed favorites, the great
corporations.
EXAMPLES AND ILLUSTRATIONS 01? REVENUE DUTIES-
SALT.
It is not honest or patriotic under the cover
of a tariff to take away personal liberty in the
great business of buying and selling, except
for the one lawful purpose of raising revenue.
It is not right to compel me to trade with A
when I can do better by trading with B, unless
my Government gain what I lose. It is unjust
and oppressive to me if A gain what I lose, be-
cause that compels me to pay tribute to A, to
my neighbor, to my fellow-man, and not to my
Government. And this outrage is put upon
the people by every tariff imposed for protec-
tion and not for revenue.
During the last fiscal year the people of the
United States consumed about 40,000,000
bushels of salt, and salt is a primary neces-
sity for human health. Salt is also rapidly
becoming indispensable as a fertilizer for
our cotton producing soils of the South, and
ought to be as cheap as possible. But less than
12,000,000 bushels of it were imported, and that
was estimated at the custom-house to be worth
$1,158,208, and paid in tariff tax to the
Treasury $1,176,587. The other 28,000,000
bushels paid no tax to the Treasury, but the
people paid the same prices to its protected
manufacturers as if it had. The scandalous
and oppressive duties, amounting to one hun-
dred and forty per cent, on salt in bulk, and
eighty-six per cent, on salt in bags, keep out
fair and healthful competition, enable the salt
monopolies in the country to charge their own
prices, and compel the consumers of salt for
every dollar they pay to the Treasury to pay
to the monopolists over two dollars, amount-
ing to an aggregate annual loss to the con-
sumers of about $3,000,000.
But the enormity of this tax is made more
impressive by the fact that, in addition to the
statutory protection, the domestic producer
has the advantage of a natural protection
against the foreigner afforded by intervening
oceans and great expense of importation to
our sea-board, equal on Turk's Island salt to
at least one hundred and forty per cent, of its
cost at the island, and on Liverpool salt to at
least one hundred and thirty-five per cent, of
its cost there, and on Trapani salt to at least
one hundred and sixty-five per cent, of its
cost in Sicily. Of one ship-load of the latter
salt, containing 3,813,750 pounds, the in-
voice gold cost in Sicily was $1,907 95, and
the duty was $6,864 84 in gold.
It is not surprising that, with the aid of such
munificent tribute, the associated salt monop-
olists of Ohio, are able, at an annual cost to
them ot $75,000, to lease and close up the
great Kanawha salt-works in Virginia, simply
to keep out competition and enable them to
extort their own prices from the consumers.
Thus, although our great country is singularly
enriched by most fruitful salt wells inmany sec-
tions, yet these people, by the aid of iniqui-
tous laws, can force on us all the manacles
of monopoly.
COAL.
The total importation of coal during the same
year was estimated in gold at $1,144,538, and
paid in duties only $543,257. Yet the tax on it
is $1 25 per ton, equal to forty-eight per cent,
of value, and the natural protection is at least
thirty-three per cent, ofthe foreign cost, making
an aggregate protection of at least eighty-one
per cent, ad valorem. The coal consumed in
the country, the cost of which to the consum-
ers is affected by this duty, must amount to at
least 15,000,000 tons. By this protective and
prohibitory duty all fair and manly competition
in the mining and sale of coal is repelled from
our sea-board States, especially from New
York and New England, and the monopolists
of Pennsylvania and other States are enabled
to dictate prices. Thus the consumers in those
States are made to pay tribute of only $543,257
to the Government, and about $15,000,000 to
the monopolists. This is lawless exaction, and
so is the duty on salt, and they ought both to
be at once very greatly reduced and very soon
abolished. These are not revenue taxes. It
is not possible to make them so in any just
sense.
COFFEE.
But the importation of coffee during the
calendar year 1871 was 321,686,707 pounds,
equal to 8J pounds for each person in the
country. The total importation is estimated
at $33,725,017 in gold, and the duty per pound
is three cents, being less than thirty-one per
cent, ad valorem, and it paid to the Treasury,
$9,650,601. It therefore cost the consumers,
per capita, a trifle less than twenty-five cents,
and did not compel them to pay a penny to
monopoly. It is a revenue tax, pure and
simple, costs the people what it pays the
Government, builds up no stupendous fortunes
at the expense of the people, fosters no corrupt
corporations or •'rings," and bars the door
against no competition. Then why reduce it?
Or where can you obtain $9,650,601 in revenue
that will cost the people less ? Nowhere. Not
in the whole list of taxable articles, whether of
domestic or foreign production. The people
are entitled to have their taxes cost them the
least possible sum. True and honest states-
manship will not make them cost one cent
more.
WOOLENS.
How is it with the varied fabrics of wool,
and their diversified uses in society? Their
necessity to every human being for the promo-
tion.of life, health, and happiness, frill not be
denied, for it is primary and universal. They
are of almost equal importance to -each mem-
ber of erery class in society, whether young or
