1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2639
demand the regular order, which he did, and
therefore the conference report is not before
the Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
report be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now
before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Printing it will not make it
any more intelligible, because the report is by
reference to numbers.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator may easily
get that report up in the morning hour to-mor-
row and pass it without the least trouble.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ He cannot pass it now
until we understand it, and so there is no use
spending anv further Lime about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itoannot be con-
sidered now except by postponing the regu-
lar order and moving to proceed to its consid-
eration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
California would direct his clerk to make an
explanation of this conference report so that
we could understand it, and have that explan-
ation printed, it would be of great service.
The clerk can very readily do it. The num-
bers show what the amendments are, and just
incorporate those and let it be printed.
Mr. COLE. There is a printed copy of the
bill itself with the Senate amendments by num-
bers embodied in it, and there is no difficulty
in arriving at any particular amendment by
reference to the numbers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If you print the report
itself, with the print we have of our amend-
ments in the House of Representatives, every
Sena:or in half an hour can tell exactly what
has been done. So it needs only the printing
of the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let us have the
report printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So I say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be ordered to be printed.
Being in the nature of a resolution, it will have
•to lie over one day unless by unanimous con-
sent. It is ordered to be printed; but the
report is not before the Senate at the present
time, the regular order being called for.
Mr. LOGAN. I insist on the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is called for, and a conference com-
mittee report here, unlike the other House,
has not the privilege that it can be introduced
pending other business.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. 11.
No. 1930) relating to proposals and contracts
for transportation of the mails, and for other
purposes.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President, by Mr.
Horace Porter, his Secretary, announced
that the President had on the 22d instant
approved and signed the act (S. No. 770) to
erect two new land districts in the State of
Nebraska ; and also that the act (S. No. 804)
granting a pension to Margaretia Becker not
-having been returned within ten days (Sun-
days excepted) after presentation had become
a law under the Constitution of the United
States.
american counter case.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting, for the informa-
tion of the Senate, a report from the Secretary
of State and the copy of the counter case of
the United States in the matter of the claims
against Great Britain as presented^ to the
board of arbitration at Geneva; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
senator from north carolina.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, reported by the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections:
Resolved, That Joseph C. Abbott, not having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast by the North
Carolina. Legislature, on the second Tuesday in No-
vember, 1870, for the office of Senator of the United
States, is not entitled to a seat in said United States
Senate as such Senator.
The question being on the amendment of
Mr. Carpenter, which was to substitute the
resolution reported by the minority of the
committee, as follows:
That Joseph C. Abbott has been duly elected Sen-
ator from the State of North Carolina for the term
of six years, commencing on the 4th day of March,
1871, and that he is entitled to a seat in the Sonata
as such Senator.
Mr. POOL addressed the Senate in support
of the amendment. [His remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Wisconsin, from the minority of the Committee
on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. CARPENTER. On that question I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and were ordered.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is within ten minutes
of the time fixed for taking the recess of the
Senate.
Mr. HILL. I do not see how we can better
occupy those ten minutes than by disposing
of this question that has been here for a year.
1 have no intention of interfering with any
Senator who wishes to address the Senate;
but if there is no indication of any such pur-
pose on the part of any Senator, I do not see
why we may not proceed in this as in other
matters and take the vote.
Mr. CONKLING. It is not ray purpose to
address the Senate on this question, but I
rise at this moment to call the attention of
the Senator from Georgia particularly to the
fact that the Senator from Wisconsin, the
member of the committee who made the
minority report and who opened the debate
on behalf of the minority report, intends to
reply—certainly it is very natural that he
should—to the arguments which have been
made on the other side. I have no doubt that
he would proceed now for the ten minutes if
it were worth while for him to so, which prob
ably would not have the effect to abbreviate
at all the residue of his remarks, ho being in-
terrupted so soon as he would be. I presume
it would not be agreeable to him to proceed
now under these circumstances, as it certainly
would not be to me if I were in bis place. I
suggest, therefore, that if no other Senator
wishes to address the Senate we had better
let the recess begin now, rather than urge the
Senator from Wisconsin to commence his re-
marks and relinquish the floor no sooner than
he shall have fairly commenced them. Hence,
I propose that the recess begin now, unless
some other Senator wishes to occupy the time.
Mr. THURMAN. It is understood, then,
that the Senator from Wisconsin will proceed
this evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The postal code
bill is to be taken up this evening by order of
the Senate, and this matter is to be the unfin-
ished business for to-morrow.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us have an under-
standing what is to become of this ease.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By_unanimous
order of the Senate this matter is 10 be the
unfinished business of the day, to be taken up
at one o'clock to-morrow. The postal code
bill is to be considered to-night at half past
seven o'clock, but not to progress any further
than to be reported to tlie Senate, leaving the
amendments lhat may be agreed to to-night in
Committee of the Whole undisposed of fiually
until some future time.
Mr. TH UR1IAN. Then the North Caro-
lina case will bo the unfinished business atone
o'clock to morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be. •
Mr. TH URMAN. That being so, I have no
objection to taking the recess now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would it be in order
at this time to move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It certainly
would be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would not inter-
fere with this matter being the unfinished busi-
ness for to-morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not at all.
Mr. HILL. I wish to make a remark.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will yield fora remark
merely.
Mr. HILL. I merely^ wish to say to the
Senator from Wisconsin, in justice to myself,
that I was not in the Senate at the time the
arrangement was made which has been re-
furred to, and did not know that there was to
be a recess, or that there had been any under-
standing agreed upon in regard to business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator from
Illinois to give way to me that I may secure
the passage of a little bill. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. TRUMBULL. We only have five
minutes.
Mr. CORBETT. It is a matter of import-
ance to my State. I wish to call up Senate
bill No. 095.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it will only take a
moment, I withdraw the motion.
CITIZENS IN OREGON.
The VICE PRESIDENT, the Senator
from Oregon asks unanimous consent of the
Senate to take up the bill {S. No. 695) to
extend the rights of citizenship to certain per-
sons born within the Territory of Oregon pre-
vious to the year 1846. Is there objection ?
By unanimous consent, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee
of the Whole.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed
to amend the bill by striking out the preamble,
in the following words:
"Whereas there are within the State of Oregon a,
large number of persons who were born within the
limits of the Territory of Oregon before the treaty
of June 15, 1846, between the United States ana
Great Britain was ratitied, and while the country
was in joint occupancy of citizens of the two coun-
tries, whoso fathers were British subjects, and whose
mothers were members of various Indian tribes
then in the said Territory; and whereas said Terri-
tory by the troaty of 1846 has been confirmed to
the United States: Therefore,
And also by striking out all of the bill after
the enacting clause, in the following words:
That all persons born within the limits^ of the
Territory of Orogon, whose fathers were British sub-
jects, and whose mothers were members of various
Indian tribes, previous to thetreaty of June 15,1846,
with Great Britain, be, and hereby are, declared
citizens of the United States of America.
And inserting in lieu thereof:
That all persons born in the district oS country
formerly known as the Territory of Oregon, and
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States at
this time, are citizens of the United States in the
same manner as it born elsewhere in the United
States.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "time,"
m the eleventh line, the words "claiming to
be;" so as to read, " at this time claiming to
be, are citizens of the United States."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why should that amend-
ment be made?
Mr. CORBETT. The matter has been
under consideration in the House Judiciary
Committee, atid they suggested the amend-
ment. , ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand the
amendment. It does not make the clause road
well, subject to the jurisdiction of the United
States at this tune claiming to be"——
Mr. COlltSBTl'. Claiming to be citizens.
Mr. TRUMBOLL. If you make them citi-
zens they are citizens. It cannot depend on
their claim.
