1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL CLOUR
847
son ? "Will any one contend that it shall have
a construction so liarrow as that? Will it be
contended that it means that a State fchall not
deprive a person of the equal protection of the
law for his property; that it fcha.ll be confined
to that ? I submit that when it declares that
no State shall deprive any person of the equal
protection of the laws, it means substantially
that no person shall be deprived by a State of
the equal benefit of the laws; that the word
" protection," as there used, means not simply
the protection of the person from violence, the
protection of his property from destruction,
but it is substantially in the sense of the equal
benefit of the law; that it is intended to pro-
mote eqaality in the States, and it refers to
the laws of the States.
The Senator from Wisconsin said this after-
noon, in the course of the argument, that the
right of trial by jury under State law was not
fnarantied by the Constitution of the United
tates. That is true. This clause of the
Constitution refers to State laws, and provides
that whatever law a State may have, the pro-
tection and the benefit of that law shall extend
to all classes. If the State of Wisconsin pro-
vides for the right of trial by jury, then that
right of trial must be extended to all persons,
and so far as the benefit of the right of trial
by jury is concerned, it must belong to all
persons; it cannot be confined to a class ; in
other words, the States cannot create inequal-
ity by their own legislation. That is the mean-
ing of that clause. It is not simply a matter
of protection, of standing guard against phys-
ical violence, against the burning of property,
against riot; but it means that no State shall
deprive any person within its jurisdiction of
the equal benefit of the laws. The word
"protection" is used, but it is used in this
broad sense of which I have spoken.
Now let me illustrate. Take the case of the
State of Kentucky where colored men are not
allowed to sit upon a jury. A colorcd man is
placed upon trial. He is to be tried by a jury
of white men, perhaps for a wrong inflicted
upon a white person. He is to be tried by a
jury that have prejudices of race against him,
that are now especially, and have been for a
few years past excited against him because
he has been attempted to be clothed with new
rights. 1 ask if this colored man, to be tried
by a jury of white men from which all colored
men are excluded, can be said in any sense to
have " the equal protection of the law?'' It
seems to me that here we have a strong illus-
tration. Here are more than two hundred
thousand people in the State of Kentucky who
have no right to sit upon a jury, although one
of their own color may be upon trial. I ask
any impartial mind if it can be said that these
two hundred thousand people have the equal
protection, the equal benefit of the law^ or
have an equal right under the laws of Ken-
tucky? To say that they have, it seems to
me, is to utter an absurdity.
It is not sufficient to say that the right to sit
upon a jury is not a privilege that belongs to
a citizen of the United States. That, is not
the question that we are discussing now. There
was class legislation in some of the States when
that amendment was adopted; there is class
legislation now in several of the States upon
this and other subjects; and it was intended
to strike at all class legislation, to provide that
laws must be general in their effects. It you
say that a man shall not sit upon a jury unless
he has so much property, you have a right to
say that, because that applies to men ot all
races alike; but if you say he shall not sit
upon a jury because he is a colored man, that
becomes class legislation at once, and that
class of people are not entitled and do not
receive the equal protection or benefit of the
I am willing to rest this whole question upon
the construction of this clause of the four-
lesiuh amendment. 1 believe the power to
pass this bill can be derived from other sources,
but it is sufficient to derive, it from this.
I have heard this clause of the Constitution
discussed on the floor of the Senate tut if the
word "protection '' here, to which everybody
was to_ be equally entitled, simply referred to
protecting a man *against a riot, against assas-
sination, against violence, or as if it simply
meant protecting his property against destruc-
tion—againsta Ku Klux outrage, if yotr please.
Mr. THURM AN. As my friend is discuss-
ing this subject, I should like to ask him one
question. As I understand him he bases his
argument upon the last sentence of the first
section of article fourteen, " nor deny to any
person within its jurisdiction the equal protec-
tion of the laws." Ami right in that?
Sir. MORTON, Yes, air; I am speaking
upon that point,
Mr. THuRMAN. Then I ask the Senator
whether the law of Ohio and the law, I believe,
of hi3 own State, which requires that a juror
shall be an elector is a denial of the right of
the persons in Indiana and Ohio who are not
electors ? Is it a denial of the right of aliens
who are not yet naturalized and who cannot
be electors and therefore caanot sit on a jury ?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir,
Mr. THURMAN. Then I wish to call the
attention of the Senator to the fact that this
right is not limited to persons who are citizens.
The clause reads: "Nor shall a-ny State
deprive any person"—whether a citizen or
not—" of life, liberty, or property, without
due process of law; nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction"—whether citizen or
not—'' the equal protection of the laws." How,
then, on the Senator's argument does he keep
an alien or a woman off a jury ?
Mr. MORTON. The Senator misses the
very idea involved in this amendment; he
misses the idea of class legislation. Persons
may suffer disabilities; they may sometimes
suffer disabilities nuder a State law for want
of property; they may suffer it for want of
legislation; but still there is no class legisla-
tion about it; there is no inequality about it.
If we read the history of this amendment we
shall understand precisely what was meant by
it, that it was intended to promote equality in
the States, and to take from the States the
power to make class legislation and to create
inequality among their people. Therefore it
provides that no person shall be deprived in
the jurisdiction of the State of the equal pro-
tection of the laws, of the equal benefit of the
laws.
So far as rights depending upon citizenship
are concerned, that is another question not
involved at all in this discussion. That de-
pends upon other conditions. There' are cer-
tain rights that do depend upon citizenship,
political and civil rights; but they are not
involved in this matter, nor do they amount to
class legislation. But I again put the ques-
tion, and with that I shall conclude what I
have to say: where a quarter of a million of
people in a State are deprived ot the right to
sit upon a jury because of their color, are
excepted from the equal benefits of the law
because of race, I ask whether it would not be
broad nonsense to say that they hare the equal
protection of the laws?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I have a word to say in reference to the
application of the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts to churches. In my judg-
ment it is not wise for Congress to begin legis-
lation on that subject; it is opening a crevice
which may carry away all the barriers and
work destruction. Governmental tyranny in
former ages joined hands with ecclesiastical
tvranny and by the unholy alliance rivers of
blood flowed. Wiien our fathers established
this Government they determined to destroy
ecclesiastical tyranny by severing if from gov-
ernmental power. . . •
The first step that was made in relief of this
tyranny was toleration, which is a very differ-
ent thing from freedom in religion. Tolera-
tion taxes all for an establishment, but suffers
voluntary societies and conventicles. William,
Prince of Orange, was the earliest and most
efficient supporter and advocate of r«ligioiis
freedom, and in this country Roger "Williams
and Lord Baltimore disseminated and advo-
cated the great principle.
Our fathers were'not indifferent to the Chris-
tian religion. They knew its value'; that" its
internal restraints were esseatial-to free gov-
ernment, and yet declared that religion should
be entirely free. In the Articles of Confeder-
ation you will find a provision that the States
shall defend each other in their religion; and
in the Constitution we find a provision that
there shall be no religious test, arid whether
provision is made for the administration of
oaths there is always the alternative of "an
affirmation. From the earliest days of eur
history religion has been perfectly free. Every
denomination, sect, or society, so long as it
did not violate the peace of society or public
morals, has been at liberty to adopt what ruleB,
tenets, or doctrines it pleased. And it is a
cardinal principle of Christian churches that
the head of the church is our Saviour; and
in putting forward that great doctrine more
than a theological truthisannounced; itm'eans
that Government has no control over the
church. If I should show presently that the
provisions of this amendment infringe lipcm
the doctrine of religious freedom, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts would join with me
in striking such provisions from his amend-
ment.
The people of this country were not satisfied
with the Constitution as originally formed, and
no sooner was that instrument adopted than
they added an amendment in these words:
" Congress shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religion, or prohibiting the
free exercise thereof" These words do not
mean that Congress shall pass no law regu-
lating aman's opinions or feelings, that tyranny
could never do.
The words of the constitutional amendment
do not mean that Congress shall pass no law
regulating man's external conduct, for that is
morality. The "exercise of religion" means
worship. It can mean nothing else. So the
Constitution provides that Congress shall pass
no law prohibiting the free exercise of wor-
ship. Now, the Japanese, in California, see
proper to make nationality, we will suppose,
a part of their religion, and to exclude all
who do not belong to their people from their
worship; or, the Huguenots of South Caro-
lina might form a religious society, and one
of their regulations be that no one should'be
a member unless a descendant of the Hugue-
nots ; or, the Scotch Presbyterians might de-
clare that none shall be connected with their
church unless producing a certificate from the
church at home; or, the Africans might form
a church making emancipation an essential to
membership. It is clearly a restriction upon
the perfect freedom of religious worship to
provide that in these cases there shall not
be liberty to exclude those who do not. meet
the requirements stated. -If, in the cases that
I have supposed, there is a right to excludo
those who do not meet the description a$d
requirements laid down, then a like right of
exclusion for other reasons incident to their
peculiar views belongs to all other churches.
In answer to this view of the subject it is said
that the proposed amendment only applies to
churches that are incorporated. But I ask
whether that limitation is found in the Consti-
tution? Does it say that CoDgress shall pass
no law- prohibiting the free exercise of religion
to churches that are not incorporated, but may
pass laws restraining that free exercise
the association is incorporated ? If such had
been the provision of the Constitution all the
churches would have been and would now 09
