796
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
office, or other authorized depository for mail
matter, with or without the consent of the per-
son having custody thereof, and open, em-
bezzle or destroy, any such mail, letter, or
package which shall contain any note, bond,
draft, check, warrant, revenue-stamp, postage-
stamp, stamped envelope, money-order, cer-
tificate of stock, or other pecuniary obligation
or security of the Government, or of any offi-
cer or fiscal agent thereof, of any description
whatever ; any bank note, bank post-bill, bill
of exchange, or note of assignment of stock
in the funds; any letter of attorney for re-
ceiving annuities or dividends, selling stock
in the funds, or collecting the interest thereof;
any letter of credit, note, bond, warrant, draft,
bill, promissory note, covenant, contract, or
agreement whatsoever for or relating to the
payment or the delivery of any article of
value, or the performance of any act, matter
or thing; any receipt, release, acquittance, or
discharge of or from any debt, covenant, or
demand, or any part thereof; any copy of
the record of any judgment or decree in any
court of law or chancery, or any execution
which may have issued thereon ; any copy of
any other record, or any otherarticle of value,
or any wriling representing the same; any
person who shall, by fraud or deception, ob-
tain from any person having custody thereof,
any such mail, letter or packet containing any
such article of value aforesaid, every such per-
son, not being employed in any department
of the postal service, shall, on conviction
thereof, for every such offence, be imprisoned
at hard labor not less than one nor more than
five years.
Sec. 282. That any person who shall be
accessory after the fact to the offence of steal-
ing or taking any letter, postal card, or other
mail matter, or any inclosure therein, or to
any other offence against the postal laws,
shall, on conviction thereof, forfeit and pay
not exceeding one thousaud dollars, and be
imprisoned not exceeding five years; and any
such accessory after the fact may be tried,
convicted, and punished in the district in
which his offence was committed, though the
principal offence may have been committed in
another district; and such trial, conviction, and
punishment may be before that of the prin-
cipal offender, when such principal offender
has fled from justice or cannot be arrested to
be put on trial.
Sec. 28S. That any person who shall buy,
receive, or conceal, or aid in buying, receiv-
ing, or concealing any note, bond, draft,
check, warrant, revenue-stamp, postage-stamp,
stamped envelope, postal card, money-order,
certificate of stock, or other pecuniary obliga-
tion or security of the Government, or of any
officer or fiscal agent thereof, of any descrip-
tion whatever; any bank note, bank post-
bill, bill of exchange, or note of assignment
of stock in the funds; any letter of attorney
for receiving annuities or dividends, selling
stock in the funds, or collecting the interest
thereof; any letter of credit, note, bond,
warrant, draft, bill, promissory note, cove-
nant, contract, or agreement whatsoever, for
or relating to the payment of money or the
delivery of any article of value, or the per-
formance of any act, matter, or thing ; any
receipt, release, acquittance, or discharge of or
from any debt, covenant, or demand, or any
part thereof; any copy of the record of any
judgment or decree in any court of law or
chancery, or any execution which may have
issued thereon ; any copy of any other rec-
ord, or any other article of value or writing
representing the same, knowing any such arti-
cle or thing to have been stolen or embezzled
fioni the mail, or out of any post office, branch
post office, or other authorized depository for
mail matter, or from any person having cus-
tody thereof, every such person shall, on con-
viction thereof, for every such offence, forfeit
and pay not exceeding two thousand dollars,
and be confined at hard labor not exceeding
five years; and such offender may be tried,
convicted, and punished without the principal
offender being first tried, when said principal
offender has fled from justice, or cannot be
found to be put on trial.
Sec. 284. That any person employed in any
department of the postal service who shall
improperly detain, delay, embezzle, or destroy
any newspaper, or permit any other person to
detain, delay, einbezzle, or destroy the same,
or open, or permit any other perspn to open,
any mailor package of newspapers notdirected
to the office where he is employed, shall, on
conviction thereof, for every such offence, for-
feit and pay not exceeding fifty dollars. And
if any other person shall open, embezzle, or
destroy any mail or package of newspapers
not being directed to ijim, and not being au-
thorized to open or receive the same, every
such person shall, on conviction thereof, for
every such offence, forfeit and pay not exceed-
ing twenty dollars. And any person who shall
take or steal any mail or package of news-
papers from any post office, or from any per-
son having custody thereof, every such person
shall, on conviction thereof, for every such
offence, be imprisoned at hard labor not
exceeding three months.
Sec. 285. That any person who shall rob
any carrier, agent, or other person intrusted
with the mail, of such mail, or airy part there-
of, shall, on conviction thereof, be impris-
oned at hard labor not less than five nor more
than ten years; and if convicted a second
time of a like offence, or if, in effecting such
robbery the first time, the robber shall wound
the person having custody of the mail, or put
his life in jeopardy by the use of dangerous
weapons, such offender shall be imprisoned at
hard labor for the term of his natural life.
Sec. 286. That any person who shall be ac-
cessory after the fact to auy robbery of the
carrier, agent, or other person intrusted with
the mail, of such mail, or any part thereof,
shall, on conviction thereof, for every such
offeuce, forfeit and pay not exceeding two
thousand dollars, and be imprisoned at hard
labor not exceeding tea years ; and such ac-
cessory after the fact may be tried, convicted,
and punished without the principal offender
being first tried, when said principal offender
has fled from justice, or cannot be found to
be put on trial.
Sec. 287. That any person who shall attempt
to rob the mail by assaulting the person having
custody thereof, shooting at him or his horse,
or threatening him with dangerous weapons,
and shall not effect such robbery, shall, on con-
viction thereof, be imprisoned at hard labor
not less than two nor more than ten years.
Sec. 288. That any person who shall have
taken charge of the mail and shall voluntarily
quit, or desert the same before he has deliv-
ered it into the post office at the termina-
tion of the route, or to some known mail-car-
rier, messenger, agent, or other employee of
the Post Office Department authorized to
receive the same, shall, on conviction there-
of, for every such offence, forfeit and pay not
exceeding five hundred dollars, and be impris-
oned not less than three months nor more than
one year.
Sec. 289. That all laws defining punishment
for depredations committed upon the mail
shall extend to and have full force in the
Indian country.
Sec. 290. That auy person who shall steal,
purloin, or embezzle any mail-bag or other
properly in use by or belonging to the Post
Office Department, or who shall, for any lucre,
gain, or convenience, appropriate any such
property to his own or any other than its
proper use, or who shall, for any lucre or
gain, convey away any such property to the
hinderance or detriment of the public service ;
every such person, his aiders, abettors, and
counsellors, shall, if the value of the property
be twenty-five dollars or more, be deemed
guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof, for
every such offence, shall be imprisoned not
exceeding three years ; and if the value of the
property be less than twenty-five dollars, the
party offending shall be imprisoned not more
than one year, or be fined riot less than ten
nor more than two hundred dollars.
Sec. 291. That any person who shall tear,
cut, or otherwise injure any mail-bag, pouch,
or other thing used or designed for use in the
conveyance of the mail, or who shall draw or
break anjr staple, or loosen any part of any
lock, chain, or strap attached thereto, with
intent to rob or steal any such mail, or to ren-
der the same insecure, shall, on conviction
thereof, for every such offence, forfeit and pay
not less than one hundred nor more than five
hundred dollars, or be imprisoned at hard
labor not less than one nor more than three
years, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 292. That any person who shall steal,
purloin, embezzle, or obtain by any false pre-
tence, or shall aid or assist in stealing, pur-
loining, embezzling, or obtaining by any false
pretence, any key suited to any lock adopted
by the Post Office Department, and in use on
any of the mails or bags thereof; any person
who shall knowingly and unlawfully make,
forge, or counterfeit, or cause to be unlawfully
made, forged, or counterfeited, or knowingly
aid or assist in making, forging, or counter-
feiting, any such key; any person who shall
have in his possession any such mail lock or
key, with the intent unlawfully or improperly
to use, sell, or otherwise dispose of the same,
or to cause the same to be unlawfully or im-
properly used, sold, or otherwise disposed of ;
any person engaged as contractor or other-
wise in the manufacture of any such mail
locks or keys who shall deliver, or cause to be
delivered, any finished or unfinished lock or
key used or designed for use by said Depart-
ment, or the interior part of any such lock, to
any person not duly authorized, under the
hand of the Postmaster General and the seal
of the Post Office Department, to receive the
same (unless the person receiving is the con-
tractor for furnishing the same, or engaged in
the manufacture thereofin the mannerauthor-
ized by the contract, or the agent for such
manufacturer), every such person shall be
deemed' guilty of felony, and, on conviction
thereof, shall be imprisoned not exceeding
ten years.
Sec. 293. That any person who shall forci-
bly break into, or attempt to break into any
post office, or any building used in whole or
m part as a post office, with intent to commit
therein larceny or other depredation, shall,
on conviction thereof, be fined not more than
one thousand dollars, and imprisoned at hard
labor not more than five years, according to
the circumstances and aggravation of the case,
in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 294. That if any person or persons
shall falsely make, alter, forge, or counterfeit,
or cause or procure to be falsely made, altered,
forged, or counterfeited, or willingly aid or
assist in the false making, altering, forging, or
counterfeiting, any bond, bid, proposal, guar-
antee, security, official bond, public record,
affidavit, or other writing for the purpose of
defrauding the United States; or shall ulter
or publish as true, or cause to be uttered or
published as true, any such false, forged,
altered or counterfeited bond, bid, proposal,
guarantee, security, official bond, public rec-
ord, affidavit, or other writing, for the pur-
pose of defrauding the United States, knowing
the same to be false, forged, altered, or coun-
terfeited ; or shall transmit to, or present at,
