2640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that the bill and
amendment be read.
The bill and amendment were read.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to inquire
how it is that persons born in what is now the
State of Oregon, and who were subject to the
jurisdiction of the United States when' born,
are not citizens of the United States without
any act of Congress ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think they are, and I
cannot see the necessity for this bill, except
that we are informed by the Senator from Ore-
gon that the courts in Oregon have decided that
persons born upon that strip of country which
was in dispute between the United States and
Great Britain prior to the treaty which settled
the boundary line which we claimed, and which
was afterward awarded to us, are not citizens
of the United States.
Mr. THURMAN. The country between the
Columbia river and the forty-ninth parallel ?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Has any court decided
Yes, sir.
What court ever decided
The United States dis-
Mr. THURMAN.
so?
Mr. CORBETT.
Mr. THURMAN.
that?
Mr. CORBETT.
trict court.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I can only say, as
the Irish lawyer said in Pittsburg when a court
decided a case against him, "Holy St. Pat-
rick, what a court I" [Laughter.] Weclaimed
up to 54° 40', and we gave up what belonged
to us north of 49°. It is an odd decision now
for an American court to say that we did not
even own up to 49° ; and that we acquired, I
suppose, by treaty from Great Britain—for I
suppose that must be the decision—all the
country between the Columbia river and the
forty ninth parallel. I think there must be
some mistake about, it, for 1 cannot think any
court ever made any such absurd decision. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought that the enact-
ment of the law could do no great harm, and
it seemed to be a great gratification to the
Senator from Oregon. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. 1 beg the Senator from
Oregon to think about it a moment. As long
as it depends upon the decision of some
judge who does not understand what he is
about, it is a trilling matter; but for the
Congress of the United States to say that we
did not own that territory between the Co-
lumbia river and the forty-ninth parallel, and
that we have to naturalize the people who
were born upon it and were subject to our
jurisdiction, for the Congress of the United
States to say that, is a pretty serious matter.
Mr. KELLY. With all due deference to
the Senator from Ohio, I maintain that the
decision of that court was correct. I will
state the point upon which the decision arose.
By the joint occupation of the country  
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator allow me to suggest that in one min-
ute the recess begins and it is very desirable
that we should uave an executive session.
The hill cannot be passed in the time that re-
mains. I therefore ask him to yield that I
.may move an executive session.
Mr. CORBETT. I hupe my colleague will
withdraw his opposition. I am willing to
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KELLY. I have no opposition -to the
bill, i am tor it, and was about to explain to
the Senator from Ohio what the decision of
the court was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Cor-
jbett] is withdrawn. The question is on the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Now let the bill pa«s
over until to-morrow, so that, we can look
into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made to the bill, it will resume its place on
the Calendar.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the time for taking
the recess has all but arrived, I move it be
extended for five minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) If there be no objection
to the motion suggested by the Senator from
Illinois, the time for taking the recess will be
extended for five minutes. The Chair hears
no objection, and it is so ordered.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After five minutes
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and (atfour o'clock and thirty-five min-
utes p. m.) the Senate took a recess until half
past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at half
past seven o'clock p. m.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) This evening has been
assigned hy unanimous consent to the consider-
ation of the postal code bill.
Mr. SPENCER. Would it be in order to
move to take up any other bill to-night?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would
not be. It would be contrary to the unani-
mous vote of the Senate.
POSTAL CODE.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 1.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1) to revise, con-
solidate, and amend the statutes relating to
the Post Office Department.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Section one hundred and eighty-three of the
bill relating to the franking privilege having
been read,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads whether the section the Secretary has
just read abolishes the franking privilege?
Mr. RAMSEY. I can assure the Senator
that we have learned enough of the temper of
the Senate during the last three years to know
that it would be impossible to pass the bill if it
contained such a provision, and so we struck
that feature out ot the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I am opposed to
the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then we shall reinsert it
to accommodate the Senator. [Laughter.]
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded
the reading of the bill.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill wilh amendments.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the committee will now be
acted upon.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that in acting
upon the amendments the Clerk read the
amendments made in each section, and that
the vote be taken on the amendments to the
section collectively, so that, we shall not be
obliged to take a separate vote on a mere
change of words. Many of the amendments
are but, a mere change of phraseology, the addi-
tion or striking out of a single word. I think
we shall facilitate matters, and at the same
time carefully review the whole bill by taking
the vote on tiie amendments in each section as
we proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, I hat order will be made.
Mr. RAMSEY. Alter the printed amend-
ments ai e through with, there are a very few
in manuscript,, not over a half dozen, also
made by the committee.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
amendments of the committee.
The first amendment was to strike out at
the end of the second section the words "as
herein provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line five, to insert after the word "superin-
tendent" the words "and one chief clerk
in line six, after the word "superintendent,"
to insert the words "and one chief clerk;"
in line seven, after the words " dead letters,"
to insert " one superintendent of the blank
agency, one assistant superintendent, and four
assistants in line nine, to strike out the
word "eleven "and insert "thirteen," and
after the word " four," to strike out "fifty-
one" and insert " sixty-one;" in line ten, to
strike out the words "forty-five" and insert
"forty eightin line eleven, to strike out
the words "twenty-three" and insert the
word "seventy," and at the end of the line to
insert the words " fifty-seven female clerks;"
and in line thirteen, after the word " gen-
eral," to strike out the words "and such
a number of temporary clerks, female clerks,
folders, watch men, and laborers as may be
required," and insert in lieu thereof:
Four assistant messengers, ten watchmen, twenty-
three laborers, one engineer, one assistant engiueer,
one carpenter, one assistant carpenter, one fireman
and blacksmith, two firemen, three female laborers,
and such a number of temporary clerks, temale
clerks, folders, watchmen, and laborers as may be
required.
So that the section, as amended, will read :
Sec. 3. That the Postmaster General may appoint
the following employ6s in the Post Office Depart-
ment: one chief clerk for the Postmaster General
and one for each of the Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral, one disbursing clerk, one superintendent and
one chief clerk of the money-order system, one
superintendent and one chief clerk of foreign mails,
one chief of division of dead letters, one superin-
tendent of the blank-agency, one assistant superin-
tendent and four assistants, thirteen clerks of class
four, sixty-one clerks of class three, forty-eight
clerks of class two, seventy clerks of class one, fitry-
seven female clerks, one messenger for the Post-
master General and one for each of the Assistant
Postmasters General, four assistant messengers, ten
watchmen, twenty-three laborers, one engineer, one
assistant engineer, one carpenter, one assistant car-
penter, one fireman and blacksmith, two firemen,
three temale laborers, and such a number of tempo-
rary clerks, female clerks, folders, watchmen, and
laborers as may be required.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
after line twelve, to insert the words "of the
superintendent of Post Office building and
disbursing officer, $2,300;" also, in line
seventeen, after the word "General," to in-
sert the words "the chief clerk of the super-
intendent of the money-order office, and the
chief clerk of the superintendent of foreign
mails;" in line twenty-one, to strike out the
words "of the disbursing clerk $2,000," and to
insert "of the superintendent of the blank
agency, $1,800; ot the assistant superintend-
ent, §1,600; of the four assistants, $1,200
each." Also, in line thirt,v-five, to strike out
the words "of the female folders, $600 each."
Also, in lines forty and forty-one, to strike out
"of the watchmen and laborers, $ti00 each;
of the temporary clerks, according to their
class," and to insert at the end of the section
the following:
Of the assistant messengers, watchmen, and labor-
ers, $(20 each;
Of the engineer, SI,600;
Of the assistant engineer, $1,000;
Of the carpenter, $1,252;
Of the assistant carpenter, $1,000;
Of the fireman and blacksmith, $900 ;
Ot the firemen, $720 each;
Of the female iaborers, §480 each.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 4. That the annual salaries of the officers,
clerk?, and others emplo> ed in the Post Office Depart-
ment shall be as follows :
Of the Postmaster General, $8,000 ;
r!£ ^!5sista'nt Postmasters General, $3,500:
_ Ot the superintendent of the money-order system,
>3,000;
Of the superintendent of foreign mails, $3,000;
Of the chief of division of dead letters, $2,500;
