3536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end,
and upon this I ask a division of the Senate :
And provided further, That all rights, privileges,
and immunities granted under this act, or any act or
acts relating to said Baltimore and Potomac Rail-
road Company, shall not be construed as perpetual,
but shall cease and determine at the expiration of
fifty years.
The amendment was rejected; there being
on a division—ayes 15, noes 26.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now, Mr.
President, if the Senate will vote the amend-
ment to the bill which I have in my hand, I
will not offer any more. [Laughter. ] I con-
sider this an important one, and I do not know
but that I will ask a division on it. I think I
will.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And also the land, the use of which is hereby
granted to said company, shall be bounded on the
north by a lino which shall be made by the exten-
sion of the sotfth line of Missouri avenue to the
canal.
The amendment was rejected, there being on
a division—ayes 15, noes 27.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now, Mr.
President, knowing that the chief is out here
waiting and is impatient, I will subside ; but I
want to exhibit my forbearance. All tbese
amendments [exhibiting a bundle of papers]
I shall not offer.
Mr. CAMERON. I am much obliged to the
Senator.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer the amendment which
I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the bill the follow-
ing proviso :
Provided, That before the Baltimore and Polo-
mac Railroad Company shall take possession of the
grounds lor depot purposes hereby granted, a com-
mission, consisting of the Secretaries of the Treasury
and of the Interior, together with some officerof the
Army to be selected by the President of the United
States, shall meet and make assessment of the fair
cash valuation of the ground aforesaid, which sum
so assessed shall be by said railroad company paid
into the 'treasury of theUmted States, receiving the
Treasurer's receipt for the same ; and that on obtain-
ing such receipt and tiling the same with the Secre-
tary of the Interior, then and in that event all the
right, title, interest, and claim of the United States
in and to the said lands aforesaid shall vest in and
become the property of the said company ; and the
amount received trom said railroad company shall
be applied to the puiehiso of a park within theDis-
trict of Columbia, to be forever dedicated to the pub-
lic use.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania yesterday, in advocating this measure,
declared that the present location of the park
was one entirely unsuited for that purpose,
and he indicated that perhaps upon Rock
creek a site for a park might be found much
better suited to tile purpose and altogether
more eligible than the one which is now to be
taken by this railroad company. The Sen-
ator also expressed his desire to benefit this
city. He spolte of its future glory and mag-
nificence ; and I am sure having made the indi-
cation that he did make in regard to a park
upon Rock creek, he would not be unwilling
to aid in obtaining that park, and contribute
in that way to the glory and magnificence of
the city by paying what the land is worth
which he asks for this railroad.
I do not believe that there can be any pre-
text for giving this land away without consid-
eration. If the railroad company came here
in forma pauperis, if its stockholders were
not rich, capable of carrying on this great
enterprise with their wealth, there might be
some pretext for asking the Congress of the
United States to make this magnificent dona-
tion. But we all know that the corporation
is one ot' the most wealthy in our country ;
we ali know that they have no need of this
gift fiom the Government of the United States
at the expense of the poor people of this Dis-
trict, and I take it for granted that the Senator
from Pennsylvania, who speaks for this cor-
poration here, will be willing to carry out the
idea which he himself has suggested, and aid
to the amount at least of the value of this
ground in the purchase of a park at the place
which he has indicated.
Now, Mr. President, it is apparent from all
that has occurred in this debate, from the
declarations of Senators who support this
measure, and from the declarations of Senators
who oppose it, that if this land is to be given
to this corporation all the other railroads
coming in here must be treated in the same
way. We must do the fair thing. It will be
a scandal if we give this great privilege to one
corporation and refuse it to others, if we give
this depot site to one railroad company and
exclude all others from the enjoyment of
similar privileges. Therefore, I take it that
this is but the commencement—that this whole
park is to be taken up in donations to rail-
roads for depot purposes. If this company is
compelled to pay the value of this property,
and the other companies that get similar priv-
ileges are also compelled to pay the value of
all which they take, then with the price of the
depot sites granted to all these companies we
can make a magnificent park.
I am very much obliged to the Senator from
Pennsylvania for the intimation that the park
should be taken in the direction which he has
pointed out. I know that he is a man who is
willing to stand by his own words, and that he
does not mean that they shall be empty words
merely. I hope to have his support for my
amendment. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Cooper, Davis of
West Virginia, Goldthw.iite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Norwood, Schurz, Sprague,
Stevenson, Sumner, Thurman, Vickers, West, and
Wright—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Cameron, Clayton, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Fretinghuysen, Ghlbcrt, Harlan, Howe, Lewis, Lo-
gan, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Ransom, Robertson, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stew-
art, Stockton, Tipton, and Wilson—29.
ABSENT— Messrs. Atnes, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Cas-
sorly. Chandler, Cole, Cragin, Davis ol Kentucky,
Edmuiids. Ferry of Connecticut, Hamlm, Hill,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Ramsey, Rico,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Trumbull, and Windom-29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I offer an
amendment to come in on the sixty-ninth line.
After the word "danger," in that line, I move
to insert " and shall not exceed a rate of speed
of six miles per hour;" so as to read:
That while trains are moving to and from Vir-
ginia avenue along Sixth street and said depot the
said railroad company shall keep flagmen at the
several street crossings to warn people of danger,
and shall not exceed a rate of speed of six miles per
hour.
So far as the bill is concerned, locomotives
coming in on Sixth street running down toward
Pennsylvania avenue can run at any rate of
speed the company may think proper, if it is
twenty miles or filty miles per hour. The
locomotives of the other road coming to the
District, from the boundary line to the depot,
have to reduce their speed to four miles; I
think that is the highest speed allowed to
them; it maybe six, but I think it is four.
Now, it is but fair to treat all roads alike.
Beyond that, and a higher question than that,
it is very dangerous to allow a steam-engine
along an improved street at a rate of speed
greater than six miles.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to prevail.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Mr. Presi-
dent, it appears to me, though I do not want
to take up the time of the Senate, that this is
a very important amendment. The other com-
panies are required to reduce their speed to
lour miles an hour.
Mr. CONKLING. Required by whom?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. That I am
not able to answer ; but by law, I presume.
Mr. CONKLING. If I may be pardoned
for interrupting the Senator, is it not by the
District authorities?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I am not
able to answer that. I only know that such is
the fact.
Mr. CONKLING. If so, this road of coarse
will be subject to similar regulations.
Mr. CAMERON. The laws of the District
provide for that.
Mr. MORTON. Is there not a law on the
subject now ?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. On what
subject?
Mr. MORTON. In regard to the speed of
railroads entering the corporate limits.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Is it a gen-
eral law ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. I ask the Sec-
retary to read the District act which I send to
til6 (lesli
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. If it is a
general law I will withdraw the amendment
willingly.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"That no locomotive engines or railroad carsof
any description shall be run, driven, or propelled
over or upon any railroad track ortracks within the
cities of Washington or Georgetown at a greater
speed than at therate of six miles an hour, under the
penalty of fifty dollars for each and every violation
of any of the provisions of this section, to be for-
feited and paid by the railroad company owning or
using such locomotive engine, or railroad oar, or
the engineer or conductor in whose chargo said loco-
motive engine or railroad car may be, severally and
respectively."
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. That covers
the case and I withdraw the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tbe amendment
is withdrawn.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I takeitthat
applies to all roads, and therefore [ withdraw
the amendment. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania yesterday said, and it is no doubt the fact,
that the Governor and Board of Public Works
had examined this question and were willing
that the depot should be located where this
bill proposes to put it. I understood him to
state that as a fact. It is well known that the
presentgovernmentof the District of Columbia
has never spoken on the subject. The old
city council of Washington, previous to the
establishment of the District government, I
believe, did pass a resolution granting this
location. It was introduced and passed through
both branches of the council on the same
night. I now offer an amendment providing
that before this act shall take effect it shall be
ratified by the present government of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The amendment is to add
the following proviso:
Andprovideclfurther, Thatbefore this actsha.ll take
effect it shall be approved by the Legislature and
Governor of the District of Columbia.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I should
like to have the yeas and nays in that amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 37 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Toxas. John-
ston, Moirili of Vermont, Norwood, Schurz, Steven-
son, Sumner, and Vickers—16.
NAYS'-Mcssrs. Alcorn, Buckingham, Caldwell,
Cameron, Clayton, Conkling. Coibett, "Fenton. Terry
of Michigan, Fianapan, Frelinghnysen, Gilbert,
Harlan, Hitchcock, Xlowe, Lewis, Logan, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Ransom, Robertson, Scott, Sherman, spencer,
Stewart, Stockton, Tipton, West, Wilson, Windom,
and Wright—ST.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Cragin, Davis
of Kentucky, Ferry of Connecticut, llamlm, Hill,
Kellogg, Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Rice, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Sprague, Thurman, and Trumbull—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the tinal passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I have an
amendment which I have been requested to
offer. I know nothing particularly about the
