1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
849
f.ippi river at Muscatine, Iowa ; which was |
read a first arid second time, referred to the ;
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be \
printed. j
AitSENU. AT HOME, KKW YQUK. I
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani- I
mous consent to report back from the Com- |
mittee on Appropriation House bill No. 792, j
to authorize the sale of the arsenal at Rome, i
New York, and to appropriate the proceeds, j
and that the same be referred to the Commit- j
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds. ^ ^ !
Mr. SLOCUM. I suggest that this bill j
should be referred to the Committee on Mili- I
tary Affairs, as that committee already has the ]
subject under consideration. I
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
who introduced the bill conferred with me, and
suggested that the bill should go to ihe Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, be-
cause the chief point- of the bill was the con-
struction of a building there.
Mr. SLOCCM. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have been considering the subject.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no
objection to the reference of the bill to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
JOSEPH IIILL AXD SON.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimousconsent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 1-110) for the relief
of Joseph Ilil! & Son ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
C. GRKEN" AND II. C. TRAINER.
Mr. COGHLAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1411) for the relief
of Christopher Green and Hugh C. Trainer ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
PBNSlOiii POK VFAll OP 1812.
Mr. STORM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1412)_ granting pen-
sions to certain widows of soldiers of the war
of 1812; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions and War of 1812. and
ordered to be printed.
IRA BOOKMAN.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No 1413) granting a pen- j
sion to Ira Buckruan ; which was read a first j
and second time, and referred to the Commit- j
tee on Invalid Pensions. .
ORDER OF BUSINESS. I
Ml'. W. R. ROBERTS. I call for the regu- J
lar order of bu.-iness. i
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the j
unfinished business of yesterday, in relation j
to the drawing of heats. i
Mr. VOOK1IEES. Will the gentleman j
withdraw that call till I can report a couple j
ofbuls from the Judiciary Committee forprint-
ing and recommittal ?
Mr, W. R. ROBERTS. 1 will do so.
COLON Kb FiUSCIS VIGO.
Mr. YOOUHEES, by unanimous consent,
from ihe Committee on the Judiciary, reported
back a joint resolution (II. R- No. 74) referring
the claim of the heirs and legal representatives
of Colonel Francis Vigo, deceased, to the Court
of Claims for readjustment; and ihe same was
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
TAX OX INCOMES OF STATU OFFICERS.
Mr. VOORHEKS, by unanimous consent,
also reported back fioin the Committee on the ;
Judiciary House hill No, 078. in reference to ;
the income tax collected from officers undiH !
State governments; and the satuo was ordered ;
to be printed, and recommitted. I
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider tiie ,
voles bv which the joint resolution and bill .
A f" V\v (> 91, K—No. i)4 -
were recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY POSTS MOT NEEDED.
Mr. DICKEY, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, by unanimous consent, reported
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to inform the House of Representatives what mili-
tary posts in the United States may, in his opinion,
be disposed of without iDjury to the service.
ELECTION CONTEST SCIIENCK YS CAMPBELL.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask unanimous
consent to present a memorial and to submit
a resolution, pot for action, but for reference
to the Committee of Elections.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Renolved, That in the case of the notice, by Robert
C. Schenck, of the contest of the seat of Lewis D.
Campbell, of the third district of Ohio, leave is
hereby given to the said contestant, and to the
electors of said district who may desire to prosecute
said contest, within five days from this date to file
an amended notice of the ground of Euch contest,
and that the said sitting member shall make, ac-
cording to law, answer to such notice within five
days after service upon him, or his attorney, of a
copy of such amended notice; and the said party
contesting shall have right to take testimony in
said case during ten days after the expiration of said
time for answer; and the sitting member shall have
ten days thereafter to take testimony in answer
thereto, and the said contestant shall thereafter
have five day's in which to take testimony in reply.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to this resolu-
tion, in order to allow the sitting member
[Mr. Campbell] an opportunity to make a
statement.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Is not this a
privileged question ?
The SPEAKER. Upon what ground is it
privileged ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I asked only for
information.
The SPEAKER. It is not a privileged ques-
tion. The privilege of an election case is
exhausted with its reference to the committee.
Whatever the committee may choose to report
is privileged, but not what a member may
choose to offer for reference.
Mr. RANDALL. This is a new contest.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It is not a new
contest.
Mr. RANDALL. It is in the nature of a
new contest.
The SPEAKER. On the call .for resolu-
tions on Monday morning resolutions of this
kind or for reference to other committees may
be offered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope ikat my col-
league will withdraw the resolution, and have
the memorial and accompanying papers re-
ferred to the committee, in order that I may
have an opportunitv of seeing what they are.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That is all 1 have
asked : I have not asked to have the resolution
acted on now.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I hold the
right of petition to be most sacred ; and if any
of niv constituents have even at this late day
sent here a petition for the purpose of dis-
turbing me in the enjoyment of ray seat, or
even if it were to the extent ot asking that i
be taken and hanged to the nearest lamp-post,
1 should insist upon the reception of the peti-
tion and its refetence to an appropriate com-
mittee. ,, ,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio, in connection with the resolution, pre-
sents a petition which he desires to have
referred. . , T
Mr. RANDALL. It is out of order, and 1
have objected.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman
object to the presentation of the petition?
Mr RANDALL. I have already objected.
The SPEAKER. The eentleman could not
have objected to the petition, because it had
not- been presented to the House.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, I do now object.
Let it come in in the usual form.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If my colleague 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania objects.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Allldesireis 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania objects.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. He will permit me
to make a statement in reply to my colleague.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. This matter is con-
suming time, and we want to proceed to the
regular order of business.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. All thatwedesire
is that this matter may be referred properly to
the Committee of Elections; no action what-
ever is asked upon the question now. I trust
there will be no objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I have objected, and still
continue to object.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill.
DRAWING FOR SEATS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is de-
manded. The House resumes as the regular
order the consideration of the following resolu-
tion, reported from the Committee on the
Rules:
Resoloed, That the following be added to the rules
of the House;
Rule —. Whenever the seats shall have been
drawn no proposition shall be in order for a second
drawing during the same Congress; Provided, That
this rale shall not apply to the Forty-Second Con-
gress.
To this resolution the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] moved an amendment by
striking out the proviso. The gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] moved to
amend by adding as an additional proviso what
will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided further. That the CJerk of the Ilouse do
forthwith place in a box the name of each member
and Delegate of the House of Representatives writ-
ten upon a separate slip of paper; that he then pro-
ceed, in the presence of the House, to draw from the
said box, one at a time, the said slips ot paper, and
as each seat is drawn he shall announce the name
of the member or Delegate upon it, who shall choose
his seat for the present Congress: Provided, In at
before said drawing shall commence the Speaker
shall cause each scat to be vacated, and shall see
that every seat continues vacant until it is selected
under this order, and that every seat, after having
been selected, shall be deemed forfeited if left unoc-
cupied before the calling of the roll is finished.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
ou seconding the previous question, which^was
called by the gentleman from. Connecticut,
[Mr. Starkweather..]
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I now withdraw
my amendment, and renew it with the addition
of the following proviso;
And be it further provided. That the Sergeant-at-
Arras shall."when their names are announced, select
seat* for Messrs. Soofield, JIcCeaey, H. Boardhan
Smith. Akchek, and It. Milton Speee, who are
absent by order of the House.
I now renew the demand for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to move the post-
ponement of this subject until Friday next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not m order
pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend 
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to ask the gen-
tleman from Connecticut whether he will not
a<*ree that before we draw seats the desks shall
be rearranged? I understand the architect of
the Capitol has a plan by which two rows of
seats can be dispensed with, so that, we can all
be brought together wit Inn reasonable bounds,
Mr. STARKWEATHER. We have beard
before about that plan. These gentlemen have
kept, us from doing anything for four weeks.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let it be done on
M MrdaST AbWeATHER. I do not propose
