1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
TARIFFS OF DIFFERENT NATIONS.
There is no nation among men so oppress-
ively tariff-ridden as the United States.
With duties averaging forty-five per cent, ad
valorem, on about three thousand articles,
more than a thousand of them being substan-
tially prohibitory, the Treasury realized in the
calendar year 1871 about $220,000,000 in
gold, on a total of dutiable imports amount-
ing to $525,515,104 gold value. There is
now no nation in the world whose average
of customs taxes ranges halt' so high as ours,
or the number of whose tariff-taxed articles is
equal to one fifth of ours, or whose duties
are so palpably and shamelessly adjusted in
the interests ef favored classes. The British
tariff rests alone on a dozen articles as class-
ified, and they are almost entirely commod-
ities produced in foreign countries, such as
tea, coffee, sugar, tobacco, spirits, wines, and
spices, with no taxes on any crude mate-
rials worthy of mention, and the people of
Great Britain are, therefore, not compelled to
pay tribute to monopoly, or to a small class of
tavored manufacturers, but only to the Gov-
ernment. The average rate of these duties
on the few dutiable articles does not exceed
one half of our average, and yet in the year
1871 their total imports reached the vast sum
of $1,634,173,235, and their total exports
$1,096,595,355, and their customs revenue
exceeded $120,000,000 in gold. During the
same year our imports did not exceed one
third of theirs, and our exports were about
one half as much as theirs.
Nine years ago Mr. Gladstone, now the
premier of Great Britain, in a public speech
said:
" We have advanced far in the process of liber-
ating trade. The efforts and the legislation of a
quarter of a century have reduced our tariff from
twelve hundred articles, it may almost literally be
said, to seven. Of these seven there is ono which,
light as the duty is, I cannot justify or defend. It
is the duty on grain. The others are duties levied
' only to meet the necessities of the State, and they
include no protective element."
This tax on grain has since been repealed.
Thus the last element of tribute is forever
exorcised. Under this complete revolution
in the British system of tariff, the customs
revenue has been steadily maintained and
slowly increased. It was last year about twenty-
four million pounds sterling, over ninety-two
j>er cent, of which was collected from the du-
ties on five articles, tea, coffee, sugar, tobacco,
and spirits.
Labor in Great Britain is thus supplied with
the most abundant untaxed raw materials
drawn from every nation, soil, and climate on
earth, and the commodities consumed by
labor are made cheaper, and the purchasing
power of wages is greatly augmented, and
commerce, the handmaid of every industry,
flourishes beyond precedent, until England
has become the most prosperous nation in the
Old World and the recognized mistress of the
seas.
The magnificent progress and development
of Prussia in all her industrial and commer-
cial interests is chiefly creditable to the reve-
nue-union or zollverein tariff adopted in 1851.
Under that tariff no duty can exceed ten per
cent., and very few are so high, and the whole
number now taxed is but one hundred and fifty-
two. Ofall their customs revenue over ninety-
one per cent, is collected from only twenty-five
articles. Of these coffee, tea, and tobacco are
the chief articles. All raw materials are ad-
mitted almost free, and all the duties are for
revenue alone. The tariffs of Belgium and
Holland are so low as to be merely nominal
when compared with ours. They are adjusted
for revenue alone—not a cent for protection
or monopoly. Thus it results that the cheap
labor in Belgium has greater purchasing power
than the same rate would have in any other
principal nation of Europe.
Our tariff legislation is dishonorable to our
Coantry; it casts reproach upou our institu-
tions; it does discredit to our law-makers; it
puts us behind the civilized world in fiscal pol-
icy ; it violates personal liberty, and docs all
these scandalous things in order to perpetuate
favoritism and tribute at the expense of all
the people. In fiscal legislation the poorest
of the petty States of Europe put our country
to shame. They have gathered wisdom from
the experience and blunders of the past. We
take counsel of the blind and wicked tenets
of the rulers of medieval Europe. We reject
alike the teachings of the philosophers, the
demonstrations of economic science, the ex-
perience of our own country, and the results
of wise fiscal policy and industrial freedom in
other nations.
NATURAL PROTECTION.
It is very indispensable to a fair compre-
hension of the subject of tariffs in their domes-
tic or international relations that we shall not
forget the important element of natural pro-
tection resulting from intervening distances,
obstacles, and expenses of transportation.
No people enjoy such effective or valuable
protection from this source as the people of
the United States. No country in the world
has as little need of statutory protection. Our
sea-boards are remote from all the chief com-
peting nations, and then our country is almost
a continent in extent. A careful inquiry fully
satisfies me that this element alone is equal
to an average protection of twenty per cent, on
the cost of all our imports. On some it is
much greater, as I have already shown. Let
me illustrate this fact by a case in detail, the
prices stated being in gold :
One ton mixed number pig iron, Glasgow, Scot-
land  $20 80
Freight to Now York  3 04
Primage  0 15
Insurance  0 SI
Commission five per cent, on $20 80  1 04
Duty per ton  7 00
Total, gold  32 34
Promiuin on gold ten per cent  3 23
Cost of hauling to depot, &e„ in New York  1 00
freight to New Albany, Indiana   13 88
Total, currency $50 45
Thus, before the Scotch manufacturer of pig
iron can compete with a manufacturer at New
Albany, Indiana, or at any other centcal point
in our country, he must expend in freight and
charges about one hundred and forty-five per
cent, of the original cost of his iron at Glas-
gow. _ His freights and charges per ton, to
bring it to our sea-board alone, would be
$4 54, equal to something over twenty per
cent, of its cost in Glasgow. And the freight
and charges from the sea-board to New Al-
bany amount to over seventy per cent, more
on its cost abroad.
Take another example of iron in another
form, the prices stated being in gold:
One ton (2,2-10 pounds) railroad iron in Wales, $37 00
Freight on same to New York  4 50
Insurance and primage  0 90
Duty seventy cents on one hundred pounds  15 68
Commission five per cent, on cost  1 80
Total cost at Now York in gold  59 88
To rcduce to currency add ten per cent  5 98
Landing-charges and loading on cars at New
York  1 50
freight to Louisville, Kentucky  16 80
Total cost in currency $84 16
It is thus demonstrated that before Welsh
rails can compete in the Louisville market, or
at any central place in the West, they must pay
in freights and charges about one hundred
and thirteen per cent, on the original cost in
Wales. The freights and charges per ton to
bring the rails to our sea-board alone amount
to $7 20, equal to very nearly twenty percent,
on the cost abroad, and the freights and charges
from the sea-board to the interior of the coun-
try average nearly fifty per cent, more on the
cost abroad, and the duty is over forty-three
per cent, of the foreign cost.
The expense of importation to our sea-
board of manufactures of wool averages at
least eleven per cent, of their value, and on
cottons at least eight per cent., and it is dem-
onstrable that these rates of natural protec-
tion more than compensate domestic manufac-
turers for the difference in the cost of labor,
even without any statutory protection whatever.
CAN 'WE COMPETE WITH FOREIGN NATIONS AT ANV
LOWER RATES?
The manufacturers, the iron-mongers, the
favored classes of no country on earth, either
demand or receive from their Government such
enormous and munificent tribute. No people
are so generously and grandly provided by
nature with all the advantages of geographical
position, climatic variety, productive capacity,
boundless supplies of most crude materials, and
personal enterprise, intelligence, skill, adap-
tivencss, versatility of inventive genius, and
power in their citizens. And yet the greedy
few, the great wealth-owners, and the monop-
olist? of our country, under the spur of cupid-
ity, demand that these oppressive bounties
shall be continued. Although our laborers
are more intelligent and skillful, and their
labor more effective and valuable than that
of any other nation in the world, yet these pro-
tected and bounty-fed gentlemen tell us that
whenever they are denied any material por-
tion of the present bounties they will imme-
diately become bankrupt.
A very careful inquiry abroad and at home
fully satisfies me that the average efficiency and
productiveness, and therefore intrinsic value,
of American labor, by reason of the greater
intelligence, activity and skill of our workmen,
are at the least twenty per cent, greater than
of British laborers, and at a very low estimate
fifty per cent, greater than of laborers on the
continent of Europe.
The pretense is that they cannot compete
successfully with the alleged "pauper labor of
Europe." This is in chief part an unreal
bugbear. It is at best but a selfish claim that
American consumers shall not be free men to
buy and sell where they please, but shall by
law be compelled to buy and sell where they
must pay tribute to a few men, really less than
one per cent, of our entire population, and the
incidental and remote advantages of which
tribute will not reach in any degree whatever
more than eight per cent, of our people. Yet
this small number, about three million souls,
do not iu fact produce over nine per cent, of
the aggregate annual values of our country,
but by reason of the tribute paid to them, the
other thirty-six million are made to lose, in
aggravated prices on all they consume in the
exactions of monopoly, in the disturbance
and oppression of all other industries, and in
the corrupting and immoral results of selfish
rings, lobbies, and corporations fostered by
such laws, untold millions in money, and to
suffer infinite harm by inviting the wrangling
conflicts of mere individual selfishness and
cupidity to infest. Congress, destroy the fair-
ness, the impartiality, and the national charac-
ter of legislation, and pervert the great func-
tions of government. There is no great
legislative body in the world so environed by
pernicious influences of this kind as the Ameri-
can Congress.
It belittles the matchless powers and re-
sources of our people, and seriously questions
the value of free institutions, to pretend that
we, the proprietors of a continent, blessed with
every advantage of geographical position, must
confess inferiority to any people in productive
resources or industrial capacities, and erect
costly barriers upon our borders to repel com-
petition, and do violence to the civilization of
the age by the enactment of "protective"
statutes, in my judgment it is a slander, and
it is propagated by interested parties who
shrink from fair and manly competition, and
desire the aid of extorted tribute to increase
their gains.
EFFECTS OF PROTECTION IX ENGLAND.
A faithful historian of England's fiscal legis-
lation from 1842 to 1865, Mr. Noble, says
