850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
to modify my proposition at all. First let us
draw for seats; and then if gentlemen want to
rearrange the desks it can be done.
Mr. STEVENSON. If you consent to a
rearrangement I will vote with you; other-
wise, not.
The question being taken on ordering the
previous question, it was declared agreed to.
Mr. KERR called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kekr and
Mr. Starkweather were appointed.
The House divided; and- the tellers report-
ed—ayes 105, noes 89.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BLDRIDGB. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I understand there is some
arrangement in the House, or which can he
made, by which individual members can take
seats in the space between the desks. I wish
to know whether that can be done without an
order of the House ?
The SPEAKER. It has not been the prac-
tice of the Chair to rule where members shall
place their chairs.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand it will
affect the next vote, and that arrangements
have been made among some of the members
to fill the spaces with their chairs, so as to
bring them nearer the Speaker. I wish to
know whether that can be done without an
order of the House, if it be objected to by any
member?
Mr. COX. It, will depend very much on the
size of the members.
■ The SPEAKER. If an individual case was
raised at the proper time the Chair would rule
upon it, but as the previous question has been
seconded, the Chair does not know how it can
now be obtruded upon the House.
Mr. ELDltlDGE. As I lmve said, it will
affect the next vote to be taken, and I insist
that no one can do that if objection be made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will per-
ceive that he presents a hypothetical case.
Mr. KILLINGER. 1 move to lay the whole
subject upon the table.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. We are entitled
to a vote, and [ hope we will be allowed to
have it.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to lay upon the table, and by the
sound the ayes have it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Butler of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Speer. of Georgia,
were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 90.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; audit was decided
in the negative—yeas 90, nays 111, not voting
38; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Arthur, Banks, Barber. Beatty,
Bipcgs, Bingham, Austin Blair, James (}. Blair,
Bright, James Brooks. Buflinton, Burdott, Campbell,
Conger, Crossland, Darrall, Davis, Bunnell, Ely,
l'arnsworth, Forker, Chniles Foster. ]?ryc, Gar-
field, Garrett, Unlluday, Uuldotuun. Hnlo, lialscy,
Handler, Harmer, Harper, Georce E. Harris, Ilay,
John W. ilazleton, lloopcr, Kelloy. Kerr, Ketcliam,
Killinger, Lamison. Lynch, Molvcc. Mercur, Mor-
nam, Moore, Morphis, Nibiaok, Packard, Packcr,
Isaac C. Parker, Perce, Aaron S. Perry, Peters, Piatt,
Poland, Porter. Price, Prindlo, Randall, Read, Ed-
ward x. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, Roosevelt, Sawyer,
... - J. J nvi , w I tm O- l UM« 17,
Wakcmaii, Waldrou, Walh.cc, Wells, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Willard. Williams of Indiana, John T.
Wilson, and Winchester—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Averill,
Barnum, Beck Bell, Beveridge. Biirby, Bird, Brax-
ton,. George M. Brooks, Buckley, Burcliard. Ben-
jamin E. Butler. Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell,
Carroll, \V llham I. Clarke. Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Codi an, Conner, Cotton, Crebs, Croely,
On-ouer. Dickey, Donnan, Box, DuBose, JDuell,
Duke, karnes Edwards. Ekh-idge, Farwell. Fink-
elnburg, Wilder D.Foster, Getz, Goodrich. Griffith,
Hambieton, Ilsmcock, Hunks, John $. Harris, Ha-
vens, Hawloy, Hays, Gerry W. Ilazleton, Hereford,
Herndon, Hibbard, Hoar, Iiolman, Houghton. King,
Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Lowe. Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, McCoruiiek, MoGrew, Me-
Henry, Mcfntyre. McJunkin, MeNeely, Merrick,
Monroe, Morev, Morgan, Leonard Myers. Negley,
Orr, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker. Peck. Pendleton,
Eli Perrv, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, Rusk, Sargent, Sessions, glocum,
John A. Smith, Snapp, Thomas J. Speer, Stark-
weather, Storm, Strong, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher,
Washington Townsend,Turner, Aroorhees, Waddelt,
Walden, Walls, Warren, "Whitthorne, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and Young—Ill.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Barry,
Comingo, Cox, Dawes, De Large, Elliott, Henry
D. Foster, Hill, Kellogg, Kendall, Ivinsella, May-
nard, McCra.ry, McKinney, Benjamin I7. Mey-
ers, Mitchell, Potter, Rainev, Rogers. Seofield,Shel-
don, Shober, Shoemaker, ll. Boardman Smith, Sny-
der. R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Stevenson, Stowell,
St. John, Taffo, Dwight Townsend. Tathili,
Vaughan, Williams of New York, and Wood,—38.
So the House refused to lay the question on
the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider the vote just taken, and on that
motion I demand the veas and navs.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Is "it in order
for the gentleman to make any such motion,
especially when he holds the seat he does
from courtesy ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The dif-
ficulty, then, is that the House drew for seats
when I was absent, although my name drew
the seventh seat.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
Massachusetts vote with the prevailing side?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did ;
1 voted no. I am defending my altar and my
hearth-stone as well as I can. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Does he do that to facil-
itate the public business, or for the purpose
of filibustering and preventing the House from
coming to a vote?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] to reconsider the vote by which
the House refused to lay the whole subject on
the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GETZ. Mr. Speaker, would it be in
order to move to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table? I rose for that purpose when
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] made his motion to reconsider, but the
Chair did not recognize me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Getz] moves to lay on the
table the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On that
motion 1 call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I protest against
the occupying of the public time in this way
by the minority of the House, [Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER brought down the gavel.
Mr. W. K. KOBERTS. (while the gavel was
rapping.) If they think 'they will accomplish
anything by this, they will find themselves
mistaken.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen who -speak
out of order must run a race with the gavel,
[Laughter.] The Chair will not permit it.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the
motion to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 75, not vot-
ing 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Auibter, Arthur, Averill,
Barnum, Beck, Boll. Boveridge. Bigby, Bingham,
Bird. Braxton, George M. Brooks, Bucklev, Bur-
chard. Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Car-
roll, William X. Ctarko, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Coghlan, Conner. Cotton. Crebs, Critcher,
Darrall. Dickey, Donnan, Du Bose, Duell, Duke,
Eaines.Eldridge, Farnsworth, Farwell, Finkclnburg,
Wilder D.Foster, Getz. Golladay, Goodrich, Griffith.
Hambieton, Hancock, Hanks. John T. Harris, Ha-
vens, Ilawley, Hays, (Jerry W. Ilazleton, Hereford,
Herndon, Ilibbard, Hoar, Holm an, Hough tou, Kerr,
King, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Manson Mar-
sha!!, Maynard, McClelland, McCormick, McGrcw,
Mclntyre. McJunkin,McKec, McKinney, McNeely,
Merrick, Monroe, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard My-
ers, Orr, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Peck, Pendio-
ton, Aaron F, Perry, William R. Roberts, Robin-
son, Rusk, Sargent Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Shober, Slocum, John A. Smith, Snap]), Thomas
J. Spoer, Starkweather, Stevens, Storm, Stowell,
Strong, Sutherland, Swann, Washington Townsend,
Turner, Voorhees, Waddell, Walden, Walls, War-
ren, Wells, Whitthorne, JeremiahM.Wilson, Wood,
and Young—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Banks, Barber, Beatty, Biggs,
Austin Blair, James Gr. Biair, Bright,James Brooks,
Buflinton, Benjamin P. Butler, Campbell, Conger,
Crossland, Davis, Dunnell, Ely, Forker, Charles
Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Ilaldeman. llalo,
lialscy. lJandley, Harmer, Harper, George E. Har-
ris, JohnW. flazleton. Hooper. Kelley, Ivctcham,
Killinger, Lamison, Lynch, Mcllenry, Mercur,
Merriam, Moray, Negley, Niblack, Packard, Packer,
Isaac C. Parker, Porco, Eli Perry, Peters, Poland,
Porter, Price, Prindie, Randall, Read, Edward Y.
llice, John M. Rico, Ritchie, Ellis 11. Roberts, Saw-
yer, Slater, Worthington 0. Smith, Snyder, Stough-
ton, Taife, Terry, Thomas. Twichell. Tyner, Upson,
Van Trump, Wakeman. Wallace, Wheeler, White-
ley, Willard. and John T. Wilson—175.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Barry, Comingo, Cox, Crecly, Dawes. Be Lnrge,
Box, Edwards, Elliott, Henry I). Foster, Hay,
Hill, Kellogg, Kendal I, Kinsella, Lamport, McCrary,
Benjamin 1. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Piatt, Potter,
Rainey, Roger.*, Roosevelt, Scolield, Seeley, Shel-
don, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Sloss, II. Boardman
Smith, 11. Milton Spcer, Sprague, Stevenson, St.
John. Sypher. Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Vaughan,
Waldron, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, and Winchester—47.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
educational fund.
The SPEAKER. The hour of half past one
having arrived, the House resumes the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1043) to es-
tablish an educational fund, and to apply the
proceeds of the public lands to the education
of the people. The gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr Dunjtell] has the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Is it in order to move to
postpone the consideration of this order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make a further
inquiry. If the House should now adjourn,
what effect would that have on the special
order now pending, and on the business which
jubt previously was before the House ?
The SPEAKER. If the House should now
adjourn, this order would entiicly lose its
placc on the Calendar. There would be no
day fixed for its consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. What would be the effect
on the resolution in regard to the drawing of
seats?
The SPEAKER. That would come up
again as unfinished business until disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move, then, that the
House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not on
the floor. The gentleman from Minnesota
has the floor. The Chair has recognized him,
but the Chair is always ready to hear parlia-
mentary inquiries.
Mr. DUNNELL. I yield for a few min-
utes to the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Perce,] who desires to offer an amendment.
Mr. PBilCB. I move to insert at the
end of section eleven the following additional
proviso:
And provided farther, That this bill shall in nowiso
affect uriy existing law for the disposition of the
public lands, or the proceeds thereof, or any pos-
session of such lands or proceeds, either by way of
homestead reservation or grants to States or other-
wise, or be considered as pi eventing any disposition
which Congress may hereafter see lit to make.
I desire to say but one word. The com-
mittee do not think this amendment necessary.
They do not think the bill in any wise inter-
feres with previous or subsequent disposition
of the public lands, but apprehensions of that
kind have been manifested on the part of some
gentlemen. We deem it proper to put this
proviso in the bill itself.
Mr. FINKELNBTJRG. Let me ask the gen-
tleman if this amendment is in favor of future
land grants, and whether he had not better
leave that out?
Mr. DUNNELL. I yield for three minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Siiella-
bakger.]
