1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4435
ney, McNeely, Mercur, Benjamin!'. Meyers, Mit-
chell, Moore, Negley, Niblact.Orr, Packard, Pal-
mer, Ho-iea W. Parker, Aaron I\ Perry, Eli Perry,
Piatt, Porter, Potter, Robinson, John Rogers,
Roosevelt, Sargent, Seofield, Seeley, Sheldon,
bhellabarger, Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp,
R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Stoughton, Stowell,
Strong, St. John, Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Upson,
yaughan, Vnorhees, Wakeman, Waldron, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, Winchester, and Wood—100.
So the House refused to adjourn.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same :
An act (S. No. 142) forthe relief of Charles
J. Faulkner, of West Virginia, from legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States;
An act (S. No. 156) for the relief of Fred-
erick P. Dimpfel;
An act (S. No. 218) to create an additional
land district in Florida;
An act (S. No. 377) for the relief of the
legal representatives of the late George T.
Wiggings, of Keokuk, in the State of Iowa;
An act (S. No. 403) for the relief of Rufus
M. Pickel;
An act (S. No. 480) concerning the circuit
and district courts of the United States for
the district of Kansas ;
An act(S. No. 527) to reimburse the United
States marshals for moneys necessarily ex-
pended by them in taking the ninth census in
excess of the compensation allowed them
under the law in force before the passage of
this act;
An act (8. No. 538) for the relief of Albert
D. Pierce, postmaster at Sumnerville, Ottawa
county, Kansas;
An act (S. No. 545) for the relief of Thomas
B. Stewart and Alexander McConn, of West
Virginia;
An act (S. No. 562) in relation to settlers
on certain Indian reservations in the State
of Miutiesota;
An act (S. No. 599) granting a pension to
Julia Belle Dunlap;
An act (S. No. 626) to authorize the sale
of certain public property at Augusta, Geor-
An act (S. No. 036) for the relief of El-
bridge Gerry;
An act (S. No. 663) for the relief of David
L. Wright, late captain company E, fifty-first
regiment Indiana volunteers;
An act (S. No. 699) fixing the salaries of
the United States attorney and the United
States marshal for the district of Nebraska ;
An act (S. No. 774) to declare the true in-
tent and meaning of section two of an act en-
titled " An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867 ;
An act (S. No. 780) to provide for the re-
demption and sale of lands held by the United
States under the several acts levying direct
An'act (S. No. 842) to authorize the con;
struction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at or near the city of Bed Wing, in the
State of Minnesota, and to establish it as a
post road ;
An act (S. No. 858) granting a pension to
John B. Rose, of Indiana;
An act (S. No. 984) granting the right of
way through the public lands to the Denver
and Rio Grande Railway Company;
An act (S. No. 995) to perfect certain (and |
titles therein described; '
An act (S. No. 1002) granting tne right of
way through the public lands to the Pensacola
and Louisville Railroad Company, of Ala-
bama : ..in
An act (S. No. 1054) to reimburse the State
of Kentucky for moneys expended for the
United Statesinenrolling, subsisting, clothing,
supplying, arming, equipping, paying, and
transporting militia forces to aid in suppress-
ing the rebellion ;
An act (S. No. 1060) for the relief of Sarah
F. Stafford ;
An act (S. No. 1063) granting a pension to
L. Adelia Foster;
An act (S. No. 1064) granting a pension to
J. W. Cronkite;
An act (S. No. 1099) to grant an American
register to the British brig Balear ;
An act (S. No. 1113) granting a pension to
Calvin A. Laws;
An act (S. No. 1119) granting a pension to
Margaret Nelson ;
An act (S. No. 1143) forthe relief of James
D. Willoughby, of Vineland, New Jersey;
An act (S. No. 1149) granting a pension to
Catherine Crowell ;
An act (S. No. 1150) granting a pension to
Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas A. Ryan ;
An act (S. No. 1151) for the relief of Calista
E. Cox;
An act (S. No. 1153) to amend an act relat-
ing to soldiers' and sailors' homesteads; and
An act (S. No. 1182) for the completion
and publication of the Medical and Surgical
History of the rebellion.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. SAMP-
SON, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate, had agreed to the resolution
of the House of Representatives for the cor-
rect enrollment of the bill (H. R. No. 2582)
making appropriations for the payment of
claims reported allowed by the commissioners
of claims under the act of Congress of March
3, 1871.
compendium of census.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back the following Senate con-
current resolution, with the recommendation
that the same be concurred in :
Resolved by the Senute of the United States, (the
House of Representatives concurring,) That there be
printed one hundred thousand copies of the com-
pendium of the census of 1870, of which twenty-five
thousand shall be for the use of the Senate, fifty
thousand for the use of the House, and twenty-five
thousand for the Department of the Interior.
The resolution was concurred in.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer a reso-
lution which I send to the desk to be read.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a question of
otder. I submit that that is not in order. A
motion for a recess was pending, on which the
yeas and nays had been ordered. A motion to
amend that motion was also pending, and on
that 1 propose now to demand the yeas and
nays. That is the regular order, and I ask the
Chair to enforce it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair.) The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] is recognized by the Chair, and will
state for what purpose he rises.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have sent a
resolution to the desk which I ask to be read.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object to the reading
of the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I move
to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will read the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the House non-concur in the
amendments of the Senate to the House bill Ho.
2705, being the sundry civil appropriation bill, and
agree to a conference thereon; ana that upon tbe
appointment of such committee the Mouse do take
a recess until eight o'clock to-inorrow evening.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I insist on my point of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state bis point of order.
Mr. ELDREDGE. My point of order is
that two questions are already pending before
the House, one on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered, aud the other upon which
I propose to call tbe yeas and nays, which I
submit are of superior privilege to the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Cbair
sustains the point of order. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] asks unanimous
consent to introduce the resolution which has
noon voo/i
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to sus-
pend the rules and pass the resolution.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I submit that it is not
in order to suspend the rules while a motion
for a recess is pending.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Cbair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will state the question. Pending the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall,] that the House take a recess until
ten o'clock this evening, the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] moved an amend-
ment, upon which he demands the yeas and
nays. Pending that call for the yeas and
nays, the gentleman from Ohio [Sir. Gar-
field] moves to suspend the rules for the adop-
tion of the resolution which has been read
from the desk. The gentleman from Wis-
consin raises the point of order that it is not
in order to move to suspend the rules at this
time. The Chair overrules that point of order,
and from that decision the gentleman from
Wisconsin appeals. Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?
The question being put, the Speaker pro
tempore announced as the result of the vote
by sound that the judgment of the Chair was
sustained.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I demand a division.
Several Members. Too late.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to modify
my resolution by making the hour to which
we shall take a recess eight o'clock on Mon-
day morning, instead of eight o'clock to-mor-
row evening.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That modi-
fication will be made, and the Clerk will report
the resolution as modified.
The resolution as modified was read.
The question being put, the resolution as
modified was adopted.
business of appropriations cojisiittee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to offer
the resolution which I now send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations,
or such sub-committee as they may designate, are
hereby authorized to sit during vacation for the
purpose of considering and tacilitatingthe appropri-
ate business of the committee in advance of the
next regular session.
Mr. GETZ. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to that resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will hear it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the resolution the following: ,
And said committee is also authorized during
vacation, through such sub-commictee as they may
appoint, to visit and examiuesuch important unfin-
ished public buildings as are now in process of erec-
tion by the Government with a view to economy in
he appropriations for the construction of the same.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no
objection to that amendment.
Mr. HOL11AN. It is impossible, in this
confusion, to understand what is going on.
The SPEAKER. Under the order of the
House just made, the Chair does not think it
is left to his discretion to withhold the an-
nouncement of the appointment of the con-
ferees on the part of the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the sundry
civil appropriation bill, in order to entertain
other business. The order of the House waa
