1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
3539
The VfCE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa yield for that purpose ?
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that the honorable
Senator should defer his remarks to another
time. The day has been assigned for the con-
sideration of bills from the Committees on
Indian Affairs. Public Lands, and Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. STOCKTON. It will take me but a
moment; it is simply on a personal matter.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly; if it takes but
a moment, I will yield.
Mr. STOCKTON. Yesterday the Senate
remembers that the unfinished business in
charge of the Senator from Pennsylvania was
laid over at a request of mine which I had
received by telegraph from the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.] That bill was
laid over by almost a unanimous vote, if I
recollect aright. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania had a perfect right to get up to-day and
renew his motion, because he voted against the
action taken yesterday; but I do not think it
would be right for the Senate when they are
informed that the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] will be back here on Monday, and
wishes to speak on the bill, to take up the bill
with a view of putting it through before he
gets here. They have already voted very
courteously that they would not do it, and I
should be very sorry to see them go back on
such an act of courtesy and kindness, so unan-
imously agreed to by the Senate yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That, question
is not now before the Senate. The Chair will,
if the Senator from Iowa consents, present
an amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to a Senate bill, which is very brief, and
on which action is desired.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
CiUJHNAl, PIIACTICB.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 408) regulating
criminal practice in Federal courts.
Mr. THURMAN. That is a short bill in-
troduced by me, referred to the .Judiciary
Committee of the Senate, and passed by the
Senate, and the House has amended it simply
by striking out superfluous words, leaving the
effect of the bill precisely what it was before.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
the House of Representatives, which was to
strike out the concluding sentence of the bill,
in these words:
• But this act shall not have the effect to entitle the
defendant to a continuance of the cause beyond the
term at wbich such demurrer shall be overruled.
Mr. THURMAN. There was no necessity
for those words. That will be precisely the
effect of the law without those words, and the
Judiciary Committee of the House saw fit to
Btrike them out.
Mr. EDMUMDS. Is that the reason they
struck them out?
Mr. THURMAN. They struck them out
as superfluous, or rather thought they might
convey some intimation that but for them the
law would be otherwise.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object. I only
say that the result will be with those words out,
that every cause will be continued on a demur-
rer every time. .
Mr. CONKLING. I want to say in addi-
tion to what lias been remarked by the Sena-
tor from Vermont, that those words were put
in according to my recollection because it was
thought they ought to be there at least for
abundant caution. Having been put in and
having been stricken out, the two things to-
gether it seems to me would make a pretty
uncertain result. The Judiciary Committee
of the Senate supposed it was necessary to put
them in in order to guard against the implica-
tion that there might be a continuance, anu a
continuance to which the party should be enti-
tled. Therefore there was reason for putting
them in. Now being stricken out, the two
things together I think will make ail inference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will,
as this gives rise to debate, reserve it until
to-morrow morning.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have a
vote on the motion to concur. The words are
wholly unnecessary.
Mr. HARLAN. If a vote can be taken
without further debate, I will not object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
non-concur, and ask for a committee of con-
ference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motiou of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
The motion was agreed to; and the Vice
President being by unanimous consent au-
thorized to appoint the committee, Messrs.
Thurman, Edmunds, and Conkung, were
appointed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg to be excused for
the reason that I am not at all well, and am
obliged to go home.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
appoint the Senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Fkbi.inguuysen] in place of tho Senator from
Vermont.
IRON-SHIP BUtLDING YAUD3.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed by him
to the bill (S. No. 1098) to establish an iron-
ship building yard on the waters falling into
the Atlantic, and an iron-ship building yard
on the Mississippi river or one of its tribu-
taries, and to afford facilities to the Navy ;
which was ordered to be printed.
S1I0SII0NK AND BANNOCK ItliSUKVATrON.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up House
bill No. 101 i.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 11)14) to author-
ize the Secretary of .the Interior to negotiate
with the chiefs and head-men of the Shoshone
and Bannock tribes of Indians for the relin-
quishment of a portion of their reservation in
Wyoming Territory. It, authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Interior to negotiate, through
proper agents or commissioners to be by bun
appointed, with the chiefs and head-men of
the Shoshone and Bannock tribes of Indians,
for tiie relinquishment of that portion of the
reservation of those tribes in Wyoming Terri-
tory which is situate south of the central
dividing ridge between the Big 1'opongie and
Little Wind rivers and south of the forty-third
parallel, and to cede to the tribes lands lying
north of their present reservation equal in
area to any lands by them ceded. The Sec-
retary of the Interior is to repoit, all proceed-
ings under tho act to Congress for approval or
rejection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As this is one of a series
apparently, as I have seen similar language in
a conference report recently, I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to it, and have it. under-
stood wlfat it is proper to do. In the first
place, this bill provides that the Secretary of
the Interior shall negotiate with the Shoshone
and Bannock tribes of Indians lor a relinquish-
ment, of their territory upon certain terms ; and
when he has thus negotiated for a cession of
their lands, and for a cession from us to them,
it is to be his duty "to report all proceedings
under this act, to Congress for approval oi-
l-ejection." The result, therefore, is that you
are proposing to make a treaty with an Indian
tribe by the action of Congress, instead of by
the action of the President of the United States
and the Senate, contrary to all the usage and
practice of the Government. I want to have
the Senate understand exactly what, species of
legislation or species of treaty making they are
undertaking to go into by a provision of tins
character. For one, I shall vote against it.
The bill was reported to the Senate witoout
amendment. „
Mr EDMUNDS. As the bill involves the
principle 1 have stated, I waut to have the
yeas and navs on the third reading or passage
of the bill, 1 do not care which.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think such a bill as
this should not pass without some considera-
tion. There has not been a word said in reply
to what the Senator from Vermont, stated. I
have not examined this bill; but if it changes
tho entire Indian policy of the country, 1 think
the Senate ought to know it. I ask, have'
Senators considered that the manner of dealing
with the Indians is proposed to be abandoned
and an act of Congress passed to carry on our
relations with them?
Mr. POMBROY. We passed it last year,
I am sorry to say.
Mr. TRUMBULL, 1 understood the Sen-
ator from Vermont to say, and nobody replies
to him, that here is a proposition to change
the entire uiodo of dealing with the Indianain
this country ; that instead of dealing with them
by making treaties and agreements with them
as heretofore, we are to pass laws and dispose
of their property and their rights without any
reference at all to their views, or any under-
standings with them. Perhaps it is best to do
that. 1 have sometimes thought it was best
to change our Indian policy and to incorporate
all tho Indians into our body politic, inako
them a portion of our people, treat them as
we do our own citizens; but it is a question
that ought not to be settled here in a mo-
ment without any consideration and without
the Senate nnderatiindiugthut such a policy
is being inaugurated.
Mr. 11 AH,LAN. A year ago or more Con-
gress passed a law declaring that Indian tribes
in this country were not, nations in such sense
ns to justify the negotiation of treaties with
them, hilt that, treaties heretofore made should
be maintained. There is no other mode left,
therefore, for holding intercourse with fliem
but by attempting to contract with them. If
a contract is made with them, it probably
ought to he ratified by Congress before boing
carried into effect, for the safety of the Treas-
ury. A number of laws similar t.o this bill on
that point have been passed heretofore. It
is therefore not. exactly new. The attention
of the Si'iiator from Vermont has not hereto-
fore been called to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator be kind
enough to point, out to me any law like this?
Mr. 11ARLAN. There are various laws.
There was a provision in the Indian appro-
priation bill lust, year in regard to the Osage
Indians disposing of their entire country,
some eight million acres of land, without a
treaty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. ljetns see it-
Mr. HARLAN. You will find it in the
Indian appropriation bill of last year, dispos-
ing of the. Osage lauds, some eight, million
acres. There are various laws of that kind
on the statute-book.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will look at it and see
the analogy.
Mr. POMER0Y. There was a disagree-
ment riot long ago between the House of Rep-
i resen tatives and theSenatc on an Indian appro-
' priation bill in reference to treaties. The House
! insisted that, they would not make a provision
j t,o carry out any treaties after a certain date.
There was finally a clause put into the Indian
I appropriation bill that they would make a
I certain appropriation in gross for the Indian
' service, arid that hereafter no further tieaties
should he made. That, is the law now.
Mr. HARLAN. We have passed two or
three bills at this session, one in relation to
the Kaw Indians, and another in relation to
the Cherokee Indians, having a similar pro-
vision. , , ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us do one thing at, a
time and see exactly what wo have done. I he
Senator says that as to the Osages we did last
year in substance precisely what he proposes
to do now as to these Indians; that is to say,
we undertook to declare that the Congress ot
the United States through any agent it chose
