1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2648:
loan, which may be a sale, which may be any-
thing.
Mr. COLE. Would not that preclude the
proper custodian selling them to customers,
selling them to those who want to put them on
letters even ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will say, if my
friend is troubled about that point 
Mr. COLE. That is the point that does
trouble tne.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will say " unlaw-
fully dispose of."
Mr. COLE. That will do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we can compromise
on that, I will take it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment t,o the amendment,
to insert after the word "hypothecate" the
words " or unlawfully dispose of."
Mr. POMEROY. That is a very good
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in section sixty,
line two, to insert after the word "printed "
the words "and mailable;" so as to read:
Sec. 60. That the Postmaster General may pro-
vide, by regulations, for the disposition of printed
and mailable matter which may remain in any post
office or in the Department not called for by the
party addressed, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section sixty-
one, line four, to strike out after the word
"Auditor " the words unless the postmaster
shall otherwise order, be applied first to dis-
charge any balance which may be due from
him under his bond," and to insert in lieu
thereof the words, "be applied first to dis-
charge any balance which may be due from
said postmaster under his old bond, unless he
shall at the time of payment expressly direct
it to be applied to his credit under the new
bond ;" so fhat the section will read :
Sec. 61. That when any postmaster shall be re-
quired to execute a new bond, all payments made by
him after the execution of such new bond may, at
the option of the Postmaster General or the Auditor,
be applied first to discharge any balance which may
be due from said postmaster under his old bond,
unless he shall at the time of payment expressly
direct it to be applied to his credit under the new
bond.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, this amendment will be regarded
as agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know about
that amendment. If the money which the
postmaster should have accumulated, he being
in arrears on his old affairs and having exe-
cuted a new bond, should have been derived
from the old income of the office, and his old
bond were not good, then to leave it to his
discretion to direct it to be applied on the now
bond would be taking the funds of the United
States, in fact to make good his new accounts,
and leaving the United States in the lurch, as
the expression is, about the old ones. I think
it. much better to leave it as the original text
is. in the option of the Postmaster General or
the Auditor, as it there reads, and strike out
the words " unless the postmaster shall other-
wise order''—where it is the same postmaster
he merely executes a new bond—leaving it to
the Department to make t.Iie application ac-
cording to their judgment of justice. Other-
wise, there would be considerable danger at
some time of the postmaster so manipulating
his receipts as to really wrong the Govern-
ment and wrong his bail too.
I happen to hear, unhappily, of a recent
instance of a collector of customs who, on his
annual statement once a year in respect to fees
received for clearances, &c.? in currency, was
found to owe the United States several thou-
sand dollars, and then he went on continuing
to discharge the duties and to receive further
fees, and by and by out of his new fees he
took the money and paid in on the old settle-
ment, thus leaving his new bondsmen, if he
had happened to have any, to make good the
loss arising out of his taking the funds he had
afterward received to make good the old
defalcation.
The Government ought to have the control,
where the same officer continues, it appears to
me, of that matter, and to make the change in
bonds merely a matter of security to the Gov-
ernment, and not creating any option on the
part of the postmaster. I therefore move to
amend the amendment by striking out all
after the word "bond," in the eighth line;
so that it will read :
That when any postmaster shall be required to
execute a new bond all payments mado by him after
the execution of such new bond may, at the option
of the Postmaster General or the Auditor, be applied
first to discharge any balance which may be due
from said paymaster under his old bond.
Stopping right there, leaving him no con-
trol, no dictation as to where the money paid
in shall be applied. If it is money derived
from the old income of the office, then it ought
to be applied on the old account. If it is
money derived from the new income, then
very often it ought to be applied on the new
account; but he ought not to be allowed to be
the judge of that matter, because if he be he
may so adjust matters as to lurch the bill
where there is a deficiency one way or the
other as he may happen to feel toward them.
The best judge between the two sets of securi-
ties and the impartial judge, inasmuch as both
sets are holden, would be the Department it-
self. 1 think it ought to be left in its discre-
tion, and I make that motion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the amend-
ment as proposed by the Senator from Ver-
mont read by the Clerk.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely amend the
amendment by striking out all after the word
" bond" in line eight.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think whether that
amendment should be adopted in that shape
depends upon whether the Senator considers
it right to apply payments made by the post-
master after executing a new bond made by
him out of money received during his new
term on his old term.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator had lis-
tened to me he would have seen that I dis-
cussed to the extent of my limited ability pre-
cisely that question.
Mr. CASSERLY. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I did listen with the greatest attention.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I do not make my-
self understood, as I was endeavoring to do.
What I intended to say, and what I think I did
say, was this : that the question of the justice
of this application would depend upon the
source from which the money was^ derived. If
it was derived from the new receipts, the cur-
rent business of the office then accruing after
the new bonds had been given, then, in justice,
ordinarily and perhaps exclusively it ought
to be applied to the new account; but if the
money thus received arose from the old income
of the office which had not been collected,
box rents, charges upon newspapers, and a
variety of things that may occur, then it ought
in justice to be applied of course to the old
accounts, so as that far to relieve the prior
sureties, so that the propriety of making the
application must depend upon a fact.
Now, then, the difference between the bill
as it stands and my judgment, is that the bill
leaves the right to decide upon that fact and
to make the application to the official himself.
I think that an impartial tribunal between the
old sureties and the new would be the Depart-
ment itself, and therefore it ought to be left in
its discretion to be exercised according to the
circumstances as to which account the appli-
cation should be applied to; so that if the Post-
master General should find that the money to
be paid m was drawn from income due to the
office and earned before the new sureties had
taken their places, it ought to be applied to
the relief of the old sureties, and if afterward,
to the relief of the new. But in the way the
bill has it, it refers it entirely to the postmas-
ter himself whose accounts are not settled and
are- not good, to determine whether he will
favor the old bail or favor the new bail; and
I think the better judge is the Department
that stands impartially between all the parties:
Mr. CASSERLY. The question really turns
upon a point as to which I am not Sufficiently
informed, and I should like the attention of
the chairman of the committee and also of
the Senator from Vermont upon this inquiry.
When a new bond is spoken of here, does that
mean a new bond given by the postmaster
after his old term has expired, or where he is
required under some provision of laws to
make good a deficient bond already given by
him by giving a new bond ? Which is it ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may be either or both.
Mr. RAMSEY. His bondsmen very fre-
quently ask to be discharged for some cause,
and in that case new bondsmen are required
in the midst of his term.
Mr." POMEROY. Or wo may change the
name of the post office, and then a new bond
is required.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will take the case of a
postmaster appointed, say, at New York city,
during the recess. By the force of the Con-
stitution and the law, that tenure of office
expires with the next 'succeeding session of
the Senate. Iu that case the postmaster has
given a bond. If he should be confirmed by
the Senate, then he takes a new term of office
and may give another bond. Now, what I
want to know is, whether the Senator from
Vermont thinks that in such a cane as that it
would be right to leave it even to lhe option
of the Postmaster General to say whether or
not payments made by him out of moneys with
which he was chargeable, as for box rents and
so on during his first term, should be appropri-
ated to the first or to the second account; that
is, to the discharge of the first or the second
bond. In my judgment it is settled law, and
he and I, 1 presume, will not differ about that,
and it is certainly clear justice, that moneys
with which he was charged during the running
of the first bond ought to be applied to dis-
charge his liabilities and the liabilities of his
bail under that bond.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is precisely what I
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not understand the
Senator, however, to say quite that, because
he thought it should be left to the option of
the Postmaster General.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir. I did not say it
should be left to the option of the Postmaster
General, in the sense of an arbitrary discre-
tion ; but I said that plainly whore the moneys
accruing were moneys that accrued under the
prior bond, as in the case my friend has very
well put to illustrate it, of a person appointed
in the recess and' then nominated and con-
firmed afterward, I agree with him entirely,
the law and justice are that the moneys derived
from that period of time should be applied to
that period of time and relieve the sureties
and make good the account for that period.
But my objection to the bill is based exactly
upon the fact that it leaves it to the option jjf
the postmaster himself to ruin, if he pleases,
his old sureties, to leave them in the lurch,
and to favor the new.
Mr. CASSERLY. I agree with tlw Senator
that the amendment of the committee is objec-
tionable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Therefore my point was
not to leave it at the option of anybody, in the
sense of an arbitrary discretion, but to leave
it to the judgment of the Postmaster General
when money was paid in after this change in
the bonds, to determine according to the jus-
tice of the case, and upon fixed principles of
equity which ought to prevail in all the De-
partments, how the money should be applied.
Naturally and reasonably, all moneys paid in
are applied to the earliest indebtedness—that
is a principle of law—unless there is a diree-
