1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
174?
that in 1842, the year in which
reached its culmination—
; protection''
" Every in terest in the country was alike depressed;
in the manufacturing districts mills and workshops
were closed and property daily depreciated in value;
in the sea-ports shipping was laid up useless in har-
bor; agricultural laborers were eking out a misera-
ble existence upon starvation wages and parochial
relief; the revenue was insufficient to meet the
national expenditure; the country was brought to
the verge of national and universal bankruptcy."
This condition pervaded the entire king-
dom ; it reached all classes of society.
Another most competent historian of the
same^ scheme of blind cupidity and folly in
English politics, says:
"The protective system, which was supported
with the view of rendering this country independent
of foreign sources of supply, and thus, it was hoped,
fostering the growth of a home trade, had most
effectually destroyed that trade, by reducing the
entirepopulation to beggary, destitution, and want."
The number of able-bodied paupers in Eng-
land and Wales increased under high protec-
tion between 1836 and 1842 from 195,000 to
407,570, notwithstanding extensive emigration
each year to our country and to British col-
onies. In the same period, the increase in
the poor rates in Wales was twenty-one per
cent., and in the twelve great manufactur-
ing counties it was thirty and one half per
cent., and demoralization and crime increased
in like proportion, until in 1842, in Parlia-
ment, the national interests were declared to
be "in a state of the most complete prostra-
tion." Production was reduced by protec-
tion, because the Cost of production was
increased. Prices were enhanced by it. Con-
sumption was therefore diminished by it,
and comfort. The people must buy less as
prices are increased. But they were impov-
erished by it also, and could not buy. Then
agitation for revenue reform and for free
trade, after years of persistent and fierce
straggle, had become too imperative and
powerful to be longer resisted, the work of
practical reform began, and, amid continued
agitation, was carried forward by some of
the noblest friends of mankind who ever did
honor to Great Britain. Free trade proved
to bo the most effective remedy for the evils
of the State, and the surest antidote to exces-
sive toil. In 1861 the population of England
had increased since 1842 over two millions,
and yet able-bodied pauperism had fallen
down to 154,525.
As the country approached from year to
year nearer and nearer to practical free trade,
the wages of labor in the fields and in the
shops and in all the factories steadily in-
creased, and the hours of labor were short-
ened, and popular education enlarged, and
the conditions of all classes improved, and
have ever since continued to improve in all
these respects. But these facts express only
in part the grateful results of free trade to
the laboring population. The repeal of all
protective duties reduced the cost of the crude
materials for industry and increased their
abundance, and thus diminished the cost of all
kinds of production, and gave to all the people
the added and inestimable advantage of cheap
commodities for their daily consumpiion, com-
fort, and happiness. Thus the purchasing
power of wages was still further increased.
Agriculture revived and became more pros-
perous than ever before, aud all the industries
and interests of the people flourished in aug-
menting volume and harmony. Such was the
fruit of " British free trade," so much misrep-
resented by the hirod agents of bounty-fed pro-
tectionists in our country.
The experience of that great nation triumph-
antly demonstrates that trade loves freedom,
and that agriculture and commerce attain their
highest development only when least restricted.
The historian of that great struggle in Eng-
land says:
"The results of the first cautious experiments
demonstrated the wisdom of the new financial pol-
icy. Its advantages are now universally acknowl-
edged. The revenue is collected with greater ease
and to an amount far exceeding the possibilities of
the restrictive era. Agriculture, manufactures, and
trade have vastly increased in prosperity. The
laboring classes have received constant employment
at considerably higher wages. The landed proprie-
tors have benefited in the improved value of their
property. Disaffection has been banished, and all
classes are now unitod in support of the institutions
under which such unexampled prosperity has been
secured."
ACTUAL COST OF GOVERNMENT TO EACH CITIZEN.
I hold it is the right of every citizen to be
so taxed that he may be able to determine
what proportion of his annual earnings his
Government requires from him for its support.
Underany rational and just system of taxation,
whether direct or by excises and customs, this
can be done. It is practicable with almost
absolute exactness to do this under the system
of taxation now prevailing in Great Britain.
Mr. Baxter, in his able treaties on Taxation
of the United Kingdom, published in I860,
verifies this statement. He shows under that
system, including all internal and external
taxes, and estimating fairly the enhancement
of cost in the things taxed, which is caused by
the tax, that the percentage of all incomes
and earnings taken from the different classes
for the support of the Government is as fol-
lows:
Of landed incomes 
Of personalty incomes    14
Of industrial incomes  8
Of workmen's earnings  81
But under our system of taxation for Fed-
eral purposes it is simply impossible for any
citizen to ascertain what his Government costs
him, or in any reliable or intelligent manner
even to approximate it. With three thousand
articles taxed, and most of the taxes imposed
for protection, not revenue, the disturbing,
exciting, and vicious effects on every industry,
pursuit, and production become at once abso-
lutely pervading; enhance every value, aug-
ment the cost of all productions, derange ttie
natural relations of business, and confuse all
sensible ideas concerning the real cost of gov-
ernment. This system strikes most injuriously
and fatally at the true interests and rights of
labor. Its expense rests most heavily upon
laborers and the common people, and taxes
them in vastly greater proportion than it does
the rich, the owners of wealth and incomes.
I do solemnly believe that under this cruel
and dishonest, system the proportions of the
cost of the British Government to the differ-
ent classes of her citizens is in our country
reversed, so that here the poor and the mass
of our people are compelled to pay, in propor-
tion to their entire incomes and earnings, at
least thrice as much as the rich. This system
tends to enslave the people, to make them
mere payers of tribute to wealth and power.
Whatever system aggravates the costs of pro-
duction as ours does, demands larger capital
to carry on business, gives greater potency to
wealth, invites its aggregation and combina-
tion in all the ways so familiar to our country
of late, crushes out men of small means,
builds up monopoly, and leads constantly to
greater and still meaner conspiracies against
good government and the rights and liberties
of the people.
" PAUPER LABOR Of KUROPB."
This stereotyped outcry about "pauper labor
of Europe" is delusive. It is designed to mis-
lead. Real " pauper labor" is poor labor, igno-
rant, inefficient, worth but little. It is not
intelligent or skillful. A stupid, half fed,
half-starved, poorly-clad laborer is every way
inferior in capacity and in value to an intel-
ligent, experienced, self-governing, and vig-
orous man. The latter kind of laborer is
worth more, because he can earn more. He
has more ability, mechanical skill, capacity
for adaptation, better taste, better morals, and
every way more power. Of this kind are the
great body of white American laborers. Of
this kind are the " skilled laborers " ot Europe,
and especially of Great Britain. And these
skilled laborers, intelligent, capable, vigorous
men, are very nearly as well paid there as the
same classes are here; that is, their wages,
although nominally a little lower than here,
have greater purchasing power than our higher
wages, because the prices of all commodities
consumed by the foreigu laborers are so much
lower than here.
Genuine " pauper labor," of which there is
plenty in every country, is usually also idle,
lazy,_and more or less vicious, and its bad
conditions are the results, to a great extent,
of voluntary worthlessness or bad practices.
Pauperism is also often the offspring of ex-
cessive population, of old and effete institu-
tions,- of ages of oppression, bad laws, and un-
just social distinctions. Such is the case in
most nations of the Old World. No condition
of laws, or of trade and commerce, can abol-
ish all pauperism. But the experience of ail
the nations to which I have referred conclu-
sively establishes the beneficent influence of
free trade in the relief aud reduction of pau-
perism.
ltecent reports of British foreign legations
to the home Government show that it requires
five persons in Belgium (one of the cheapest
labor countries in Europe) to do the work of
three persons in an English mill. The cost
of operative labor in the cotton and woolen
factories of Great Britain is not twenty per
cent, less to-day than in the like factories of
New England. Late official investigations in
English factories prove that more work is done
in them now in ton hours than was ever done
in any country in Europe in twelve or fourteen
hours; and the Bradford (England) Chamber
of Commerce have shown that in ten years the
production of the woolen and worsted factories
has increased from sixty to seventy per cent,
with the same number of hands. This results
from improved processes of manufacture and
increased intelligence and skill in workmen.
Wages are advancing more rapidly now in
the great labor countries of Europe than in-
the United States. The prices of coal and
iron are also advancing abroad, and iron ships
on the Clyde cost twenty-five per cent, more
now than they did nine months ago. Great
Britain has established almost complete free
trade, and yet her employers always pay higher*
wages to labor than are paid on the Continent.
Yet the constant dread of continental manu-
facturers everywhere is British competition,
and they demand protection from their Govern-
ment, where the average of wages is the lowest,
against the bettor paid labor of Great Britain.
The truth is, the high wages are only paid for
that intelligence, skill, and effectiveness in
labor which results in low cost of production.
In other words, chea.plabor, beingalsopoorand
unskillful labor, is dearer in the outcome than
highly paid labor, which, by reason of superior
skill and intelligence, is more productive.
Mr. Edward Atkinson, of Boston, one of the
most intelligent and enterprising manufac-
turers in this country, says:
"It may be alleged that in some parts of Germany
the wages of operatives in woolen mills are only ono
half what they are hero, and such is probably the
fact; but it is also true that in such localities the
number of operatives employed upon a given amount
of machinery is nearly or quite double the number
employed on the same machinery here; therefore,
the cost of labor on the yard of cloth does not vary
materially."
Mr. Atkinson further very truthfully adds :
"The true disadvantages of our woolen manufac-
turers at this time is in tho oppressive impost upon
wool, dye stuffs, and oil, and upon all tho supplies
entering into the cost ot goods; and also m the
duties on iron, steel, leather, lumber, and all other
materials entering into the cost of machinery."
WHAT AMERICAN INDUSTRY NEEDS.
What our people of all classes most need,
and what it is their sacred right to enjoy, is
immediate and absolute relief from all duties
imposed for protection alone, and not for rev-
enue, and the imposition of the lowest possi-
ble rates of duties, consistent with the raising of
reasonable revenue, upon all imported articles
which constitute in any justsense the crude ma-
terials for domestic labor, such as iron, steel,
