1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
Mr. SHELLABAKGER. I was told by a
Humber of members around me that a state-
ment which I made the other day in regard to
this bill wasmisunderstood, and I am requested
to make a statement in regard to it which I do
with pleasure.
I stated that this bill forever dedicated and
set apart for the purpose of the education of
the people the public lands of the United States.
It was understood that thereby 1 meant to main-
tain that the bill would withdrawal! the public
lands from the right of entry for homestead
purposes and any and every other purpose to
which Congress might devote the public lauds, j
If I was so understood it was clearly an erro- ,
neous understanding, as any gentleman will see j
who will read the provision of the second sec-
tion. It provides that the Secretary of the.
Interior shall cause an account to be taken ;
upon the close of each fiscal year, and ascer- i
tain the total receipts from the sale or other ,
interest of universal education, free education
to all the children in the land, no matter what
may have been their former condition, no
matter what may be their color; their free
education, because they are a part and parcel
of the people of the country about which we
are legislating, and in the interest of which
we purpose to legislate.
An amendment has been indicated to this
bill by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
McIstyre.] to t|ie effect that the proceeds of
the sales of these public lands should be used
for the endowment of a university in each of
the States to which this money shall go. Uni-
versity education is well, but it in no way
compares with a system of free universal edu-
cation. Here in thisHouse, in our judgment,
common-school education should tower higher
and immensely above anything like university
education. I would say that university educa-
tion reaches only the few. We purpose by this
disposition of the public lands of the United ij bill to reach the many. The many ought to
n J . 1 ___ . i 1 1' ^ « V. ^ ^ ! 1 «-  ] i ***** nn* olnfiAn ft n/1 n/\f tKo
States, including all fees received at the gen-
eral and district land offices during such year,
and the amount of expenditures incurred or
occasioned by the survey, sale, location, en-
try, or other disposition of such lands during
the year," &c. It will be seen from that sec-
tion that it is the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands after the payment of expenses that
are so dedicated, and that if any lands are
unsold, either because they have been taken \
claim our attention in legislation, and not the
few. The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerb,] who spoke in opposition to this bill
the other day, made one point which I confess
had its weight upon my mind.
Mr. W. I{. ROBERTS. Will the gentleman
allow me one question?
Mr. DUNNELL. I will.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. The gentleman
peaks of free education. Does this bill pro-
under 'the homestead right or because they |j pose to give a portion of this fund to schools
•  j .    * ! _ i* 1  * ' f-JV,t va 11 ffmno Hon Am ino + i nn c * r r
are taken under any other provision of law, ,
there will be no proceeds of sales, and heuce j
this bill, as it only relates to and confines ;
itself to the matter of appropriating the net :
proceeds of the sale, cannot affect any home- j
stead rights, or other appropriation of lands j
that may be made by law, which would with- j
draw the lands from the production of pro- 1
ceeds. That, I think, is a lull statement of
all I desire to say. The bill will neither
affect homestead rights nor any other rights
secured bv law.
of the different religious denominations; or
does it purpose to exclude the different reli-
gious denominations from a participation in
this fund? The gentleman speaks of free
education ; I wish to inquire if the schools
of religious denominations are excluded ?
Mr. DUNNELL. As such they are ex-
cluded.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Then this is not for
free education.
Mr. DUNNELL. The schools of religious
denomiBations as such are excluded from a
Mr DUNNELL. I vield now to the gen- j participation in this fund. They are in no
tleman from Vermont for a moment. j1 sense included in the income from the revenues
Mr POLAND I offerthe following amend- • derived from the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
ment, to come in at the end of the first section: Ij sections under the laws as already passed As
Provided, That this act shall not have any effect i. denominational schools they are excluded, to
to repeal, impair, or suspend any law authorizing they are not schools tree to all, ana it m their
the urecinption of public lands or entry of public j1 organization these schools shut out a single
n an> niun- ! , ■> ,  •</•* watr Ka hAnpfif.prl
the preemption of publ . .
ner^powT^ |l ^ lhen the-Y are in n0 Way t0 be benefited
  - -•«•••-■ « j: by this bill.
I was alluding to an objection urged against
this bill by the gentleman from Indiana. [Mr.
Kerb. ] His objection is that there would not
i be time enough, by 1878, or two months after
I the adjournment of the Legislatures of the
right of homesteads upon ;-uch Kind?.
Mr. DUNNELL. Mr. Speaker, the bill now
under consideration received ray sanction as j
a member of the Committee on Education and :
Labor, and I feel like supporting it here. I
shall do so by my vote. Some things, how-
ever, have been said iu the course of the dis-
cussion of this bih to whicn I call attention,
and if they are correct I should not feel like
supporting the bill, as I now desire to do.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shllla-
BARGEltj this morning has made an explana-
tion in relation to the remarks which be made
the other day, and which I lelt that he was
bound to make, because this bill is not at all
open to the construction which he gave to it.
Simply the proceeds of the sales of the public
iands are dedicated for this purpose, to aid in
all the States in the establishmem ot tree
education. I have myself never questioned
but what if was in the power of Congress to
dedicate the proceeds ol the sales of the pub-
lic lands for such a purpose. Years ago Con-
gress by act gave to the new btates, many ot
them, one section, and many others two sec-
tions iu each township lor educational pur-
poses. That provision of law was never ques-
tioned, the constitutionality ot it even at tnat
time, nor is it questioned at (he present time.
Some amendments have beeu indicated here
to which I wish to call the attention ot the
House for a moment. Some ot those amend-
ments, I think, should not receive the consid-
eration and approval of this House. -H tins
bill is worth anything it. is because it is m the
southern States that might be in session in the
i winter of 1872. given to some of these States
I in the South to put themselves in a condition
' to accept this fund: that it was too soon to
| ask them to organize a system of public educa-
! tion and put themselves within the reach of
; this bill. I admit that that objection was well
i taken. I would be willing to have this bill
I amended by striking out "1873, and insert-
j ing in lieu thereof " 1874. ' I think the bill
; might at least be amended that much, and
' thereby be improved.
The same gentleman alluded to the bill as sub-
stantially recognizing the doctrine of national
, supervision. I see nothing at all m the bill
II that recognizes the idea that the General Gov-
•1 eminent shall interfere with school matters in
i 'ni'- of our States. I am unable to talk as elo-
nuently and tersely as the gentleman from
i! Indiana. [Mr. Kerr.] but I have it in my mmd
!j to express myself as emphatically as he can
ii do in opposition to anything like a system ot
j! national supervision of schools, i do not
! believe in it. I believe that m Minnesota we
can handle our schools very much better than
the General Government can do. I he schools
in Indiana can be handled by them there be -
ter than the General Government can do it. I
do not. support this bill upon any such theory,
and if there were in this bill the slightest
trace of what the gentleman objects to, then I
would vote against it. I believe that these edu-
cational institutions should be State institu-
tions, emphatically, purely, entirely. But, Mr.
Speaker, I see nothing in this bill which jus-
tifies the construction which the gentleman
puts upon it.
Now, it cannot be denied that there are in
some portions of this country needs in the line
of general education. I will not use language
here which shall offend anybody. I desire to
take no partisan or local view of this question ;
but the fact cannot be denied that in some
parts of the country there are wants in relation
: to the matter of public education. No gen-
! tleman h^re can deny that in some of the
i States there is not what may be called a full-
blown, vigorous, well-organized system of
popular education. In many of the States
of this Union the educational system has no
head, no parts, no soul.
I do not refer to this because those States
were once in rebellion. They are now back
again with all their rights and privileges. They
are a part of this great Republic, and as such
they are either elements of strength or ele-
ments of weakness. If they have well-devel-
oped systems of public education, whether
North or South, amen. If they have not well-
developed systems of public education either
North or South, then should this Government
feel a profound interest in the question, be-
cause, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoak] has well said, ignorance is blind-
ness. We need all that general education can
give us, whether in the North or in the South.
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment the wants of any
locality are the wants ot the whole. If there
be a State in the South that has not the means
of building up a system of education, let us
help that State if we can.
There are some who give this bill more im-
portance than I do, yet I consider it important
enough to be entitled to my most cordial in-
dorsement and support. What is this measure?
The gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Parker,] whom I respect, and who has the
honor to represent a State in which there is
less illiteracy than any other State of the Union,
(such was its record in 1860 j I do not know
what the record is by the statistics of 18/0,) is
to be congratulated in that he represents such
a State. The point which the gentleman from
New Hampshire made the other day against
this bill was that it would give to some States
but a few thousand dollars. To Tennessee,
for instance, it would give forty or fifty thou-
sand dollars. But no matter what the amount
may be, if it be only 310,000, if that ^10,000
shall warm into life a system that shall ulti-
mately culminate in a well-organized scheme
of free education it will have done its work,
and I will vote for it as readily as though the
donation were half a million. \\ ith this educa-
tional want staring me in my face, and with
the hope and belief that that small sum might
work that grand result, I am unable to with-
hold my vote. It needs sometimes just a little
sum of money to be the kernel, so to speak,
from which there shall germinate and spring
into being a full and well-rounded system.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. W ill
the gentleman permit me to ask him a ques-
tion? . ,
Mr. DUNNELL. My time is nearly ex-
hausted, and I have one or two other points
which I wish to make. If the gentleman s
Question is a brief one, I will yield._
I >lr. PARKER., of New Hampshire. Does
: the gentleman regard it as necessary to give
: the northern States three dollars m order to
' put one dollar into the possession of thesouth-
; ern States?
! Mr. DUNNELL. I do not consider-it ne-
i cessary to give the northern States anything,
i Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. Why,
: then, do you do it?
