800
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Act of January 22, 1867, chapter 11, volume
14, pagfe 378.
February 18, 1867, chapter 41, volume
14, page 393, in part, namely, sec-
tion 3.
February 18, 1867, chapter 43, volume
14, page 395, in part, namely, sec-
tion 2.
March 9, 1868, chapter 22, volume 15,
page 40, in part, namely, so much
as relates to the printing of postal
conventions, and confers the frank-
ing privilege on the Congressional
Printer.
July 27, 1868, chapter 246, volume 15,
page 194.
Resolution ot' April 3, 1828, number 1, volume
4, page 320.
January 13, 1831, number 1, volume 4,
page 495.
October 12, 1837, number 1, volume 5,
page 207.
June 15, 1844, number 14, volume 5,
page 718.
February 20,1845, number 4, volume 5,
page 796.
July 12, 1852, number 14, volume 10,
page 174, in part, namely, section 1.
August 6, 1852, number 16, volume 10,
page 147.
March 3, 1863, number 35, volume 12,
page 830.
June 6, 1866, number 45, volume 14,
page 357.
March 2, 1868, number 14, volume 15,
page 248.
Act of March 3, 1871, chapter 121, volume 16,
page 572, in part, namely, section 4.
April 27, 1872, relating to proposals
and contracts for transportation of
the mails, and for other purposes.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXXVI.—An Act to authorize the
Appointment of I>epuiies of Clerks of Circuit
and District Courts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That a deputy or deputies
of any clerk of any court of the United States
may be appointed by such court upon the ap-
plication of the clerk, and be removable at the
pleasure of the court; and the compensation
of any such deputy shall be paid by the clerk;
and in case of the death of the clerk, his dep-
uty or deputies shall, unless removed by the
judge, continue in officeand perform the duties
of the clerk, in his name, until his successor
be duly appointed and qualified; and for the
defaults or misfeasances in office of any such
deputy, whether in the lifelime of the clerk or
after his death, the clerk, and his estate, and
the sureties m his official bond shall be liable;
and his executor Or administrator shall have
such remedy for any such defaults or misfeas-
ances Committed after his death as the clerk
would be entitled to if the same had occurred
in his lifetime.
Approved. June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXXVII.—An Act to provide for
the Redemption and Sale of Lands held by
the United States under the several Acts
levying direct Taxes, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofRep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all the lands now
owiit-d or held by the United States, by virtue
of proceedings under the act entitled " An act
for the collection of direct taxes in insurrec-
tionary districts within the United States, and
for other purposes," approved June seventh,
eighseen hundred and sixty-two, and under
acts supplementary thereto,"or upon the same
subject-matter, may be redeemed and restored
to such persons as shall make application
therefor to the Secretary of the Treasury,
through the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, within two years from the passage of this
act, and furnish satisfactory evidence to said
Department that such person or applicant in
each case was, at the time the United States
acquired title thereto, the legal owner of such
land, or the heir-at-law, or devisee (or grantee,
iu good faith, and for valuable consideration),
of such legal owner; but before such redemp-
tion shall be awarded and title restored on any
such application aiid proof, such' applicant
shall pay into the Treasury of the United Siates
the direct tax charged against the lands de-
scribed in sach application, together with the
cost of advertising and of the sale of said lands,
and all other proper charges against the same,
and interest on said tax from the date of its
assessment at the rate of ten per centum per
annum, and interest on said costs and charges
at the same rate, from the time they accrued
and were payable: Provided, however, That
if any other person or persons than such appli-
cant shall in any case riiake satisfactory evi-
dence to said Department that he or they, after
the acquisition of title by the United States,
and before the passage of this act, made valu-
able and permanent improvements on said land
in good faith and under color of legil title, it
shall then be the additional duty of such appli-
cant for redemption to pay to such person or
persons the reasonable value of such permanent
improvements at the time of actusll redemption;
and if the applicant and such person or persons
fail to agree upon and amicably settle such
claim for improvements, then the value thereof
shall be assessed and reported to the Secretary
of the Treasury, under oath, by three compe-
tent and disinterested freeholders, residents of
the county or parish in which such land is sit-
uate, who shall be appointed for that purpose
by the United States district judge of the dis
trict wher4 the lauds are situate, upon inform-
ation from the Secretary of the Treasury that
a claim for compensation for such permanent
improvements is pending in any ease, and un-
adjusted by thfe parties thereto.- It shall also
be the duty of said board of freeholders to state
in their report the nature of said improvements,
when they were made, by whom, and the rea-
sonable value thereof, as aforesaid, and any
other facts that may be in their judgment
material to a fair and just determination of
the rights of the parties. They shall send one
copy of such report to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and tile a duplicate thereof in the
office of the clerk of the highest court of record
of the State, in the county or parish where
such land is situate. The reasonable fees of
said board shall be borne and paid equally by
the parties to said controversy.
Sec 2. That whenever the foregoing con-
ditions have been complied-with, and redemp-
tion and restoration ot title has been awarded
m any case by the Secretary of the Treasury,
it shall be the duty of the Commissioner of the
Internal Revenue to make out a certificate
of release of the interest and title of the Uni-
ted States in and to such lands, in duplicate,
which shall be approved, in writing, by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and his approval
indorsed thereon, and then one copy thereof
shall be delivered to such applicant and the
other filed in the office of said Commissioner.
Sec. 3. That the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, with the approval of the Secretary
of ths Treasury, shall, as soon as may be alter
the passage of this act, proscribe and promul-
gate sueh rules and regulations, not inconsist-
ent with the provisions of this act, as may be
necessary and proper to facilitate the execu-
tion of this act atid secure the most speedy
and least expensive attainment of the purpose
hereof that is practicable.
Sec. 4. That if, af the expiration of the time
hereinbefore allowed for redemption, there
shall remain any of said lands unredeemed, it
shall then be the duty of the said Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, to proceed to
sell at public auction, as soon as may be con-
sistent with the public interests, the lands not
redeemed and restored, and to release and
convey the same to the purchasers.in the man-
ner aforesaid, and in the mean time and until
so sold to release the same.
Sec. 5. That all lands now owned by the
United States, acquired under the provisions
of anyof the United States direct-tax aets, situ-
ated in the State of South Carolina, including all
tracts or lots of land purchased und[er] "Army
and Navy" sales, not paid for in full at the
present time, shall-be included in the pro-
visions of this act: Provided, however, That
the applications of the purchasers under
"Army and Navy" sales shall, for six months
after the passage of this act, have precedence so
far as relates to the land purchased by them.
Sec. 6. That all money derived from the
sale of "school-farm" lands, under the pro-
visions of section eight of an act entitled "An
act to continue in force and to amend ' an act
to establish a bureau for the relief of freed-
men, and refugees, and for other purposes,' "
approved July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, and which money is now in the cus-
tody of the Freedmen's Bureau, be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated for the use and
support of free public schools in the parishes
of Saint Helena and Saint Luke, South Caro-
lina, in equal parts, to be expended under the
direction and control of a special board of
three commissioners, who shall be appointed
by and act under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and shall be duly sworn
that they will faithfully discharge their duties
a,s such commissioners, and shall give such
good and sufficient bonds therefor as said
Secretary shall require, and who shall not re-
ceive more than one hundred dollars per year
each for their services.
Sec. 7. That the provisions of this act shall
not be construed to apply to or embrace any
lands, farms, plantations, or lots which are
now, in whole or in part, used or occupied by
the United States for national cemeteries, or
for the burial of the dead, or other public pur-
poses, or which have been set apart to any
such purpose, or which, under the instruction
of the President rf the President of the United
States, have been reserved for military or
naval purposes, or such lots of land on Hunt-
ing Island, South Carolina, as may be neces-
sary as a site for the erection of a light-house.
Sec. 8. That the premises known and
designated as block one hundred and twenty-
three on the plat of the late commissioners of
direct taxes for said State, in the town of
Beaufort aforesaid, now occupied as a court-
house for the county of Beaufort, in said
State, be, and the same are hereby, released
unto said county, for the public uses of said
county; and that all sums of money due to the
United States on account of said premises be,
and they are hereby, released in favor of said
county.
Sec. 9. That section two of an act entitled
'"An act for the relief of purchasers of land
sold for direct taxes in the insurrectionary
States," approved May ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two, be, and the same is
hereby, ame[n]ded to read as follows:
" Sec. 2. That in all cases where the owner
of any land sold for taxes as aforesaid, his
heirs or assigns, has recovered or shall
recover the same from the purchaser, his heirs
or assigns, without collusion on his or their
part, by the judgment of any United States
court, by reapon of a failure without his or
their fault, or neglect, of the title of the pur-
chaser derived from said sale, the Secretary
