4436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
that the conferees should be appointed and
announced, and that thereupon the House
should take a recess until eight o'clock a. m.
on Monday next. It cannot be a question for
the discretion of the Chair how long he shall
withhold the announcement of those conferees.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What I propose
can be done by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. Of course it can be done
by unanimous consent. But the Chair would
be bound, upon the call of the regular order
by any gentleman, to proceed with the regular
order of business.
Mr. HANKS. I call for the regular order.
simeon savage.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will resume the consid-
eration of the business pending at the close
of the morning hour to-day, and which was
interrupted by the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] to proceed to the
consideration of business on the Speaker's
table. The pending bill at that time was Sen-
ate bill No. 649, for the relief of Simeon Say-
age, which was reported from the Committee
on Patents by the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Kellogg.] The bill having been read the
third time, the question is on the passage of
the bill.
The bill was passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask that
the resolution I have reported from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations be adopted.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent at this lime.
Mr. HOLM AN-. That resolution was not
understood ; I ask that it bo again read.
Mr. HANKS. I object; I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the resolution is not before the House.
leave os1 absence.
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of absence for the remainder
of the session.
Mr. TUTHILL, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of absence for the remainder
of the session, on account of sickness in his
family.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, was granted leave of absence for the
remainder of the session, on account of sick-
ness in his family.
Mr. VAUGHAN, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of absenco for the remainder
of the session, on account of sickness in his
family.
Mr. ROGERS, of New York, by unan-
imous consent, was granted leave of absence
for the remainder of the session, and announced
that on all political questions he was paired
with Mr. Lynch, of Maine, who is absent.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, by unanimous con-
sent, was granted leave of absence from yes-
terday for the remainder of the session.
Mr. ORR, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for the remainder of
the session.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. SHELDON, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave to have withdrawn from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
James P. Sullivan.
Mr. PRICE asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have withdrawn from the files of
the House the papers in the case of Annie
S. Frobel.
Mr. CROCKER asked and obtained unan-
imous consent to have withdrawn from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
William Thwing.
Mr. KING asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have withdrawn from the files of
the House the bill and accompanying papers
in the case of George H. Copher, of Hawk's
Point, Lincoln county, Missouri.
Mr. MORGAN asked and obtained unani-
mous consent for the withdrawal from the files
of the House of the papers in the case of James
M. Wiley.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, asked and obtained
unanimous consent to have withdrawn from the
papers in the case of W. M. Stafford, now on
the files of the House, the power of attorney
from said Stafford to Tucker & Alvord.
Mr. MERRICK asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of the
Frederick Female Academy.
Mr. PACKER asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of Leonard
Kean.
leave to print.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, asked and
obtained leave to have printed in the Globe
some remarks he had prepared on the condi-
tion of affairs in Louisiana. [See Appendix.]
new conferees appointed.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. Bunnell, of Minnesota, in place
of Mr. Ketcham of New York, absent from
the city, as one of the conferees on the part
of the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 255) con-
firming to the Port Huron and Lake Michigan
Railroad Company the lands heretofore granted
to the Stale of Michigan to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Grand Haven to Flint,
and thence to Port Huron, and providing for
the manner of issuing patents therefor, and
for other purposes.
The SPEAKER also announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Burdett, of Missouri, in
place of Mr. Crebs, of Illinois, absent from
the city, as one of the conferees on the part
of the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (S. No. 508) for the
relief of certain tribes of Indians in the north-
ern superintendency.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. HANKS. I now insist upon the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the Chair announces the appoint-
ment of Mr. Garfield of Ohio, Mr. Palmer
of Iowa, and Mr. Niblack of Indiana, as (he
conferees on the part of the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 2705) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
And by order of the House it is the duty of
the Chair to declare that the House now take
a recess until eight o'clock a. m. on Monday
next.
Accordingly, (at nine o'clock and fifty min-
utes p. m.) the House took a recess until eight
o'clock a. m. on Monday, June 10.
MORNING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House (at
eight o'clock a. m., Monday, June 10) resumed
its session. Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J.
G. Butler, D. D.
order, of business.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
take a recess until nine o'clock.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By no
means.
Mr. PETERS. Will not the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. RANDALL. I will yield to nobody.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Randall, there were—ayes 34, noes 23 ;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Randall and
Mr. Peters were appointed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to inquire whether
this is the session of Saturday or Monday ?
The SPEAKER. This is legislatively Sat-
urday. The recess having expired, the House
resumes its session of Saturday. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall,] moves
a further recess until nine o'clock.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 51, noes 56.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to make
a privileged report.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there a quorum pres
ent ?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. RANDALL. Then how can the gen-
tleman make a conference report?
The SPEAKER. The rules specially recog-
nize that a conference report may be received
even during a call of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. When there is no quorum
present ?
The SPEAKER. A call of the House is
presumed to be because there is no quorum.
Mr. MORGAN. Is it in order to move a
call of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
rule read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The report of a committee of conference is, under
the practice of the House, so highly privileged that
it has been held to be in order even pending a
motion for a call of the House.—Journal, 1, 31, page
1590.
" Indeed, under the practice, reports of conference
committees are received at any time (except when
the rules are suspended) even during the pendenoy
of a motion to adjourn or to adjourn over, and, like
the motion to go to the Speaker's table, may inter-
rupt a member who is on the floor speaking."
That is a mere ruling—
It is the practice of the
Mr. RANDALL.
not a rule.
The SPEAKER.
House.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to suspend the
rules and lay the report of the committee of
conference on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgan] is not on the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the Chair hold that
it is not in order to move an adjournment at
this time ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that,
according to the usage of the House, a con-
ference report may be made during the pend-
ing of a motion to adjourn. After eleven
o'clock to-day, however, the Chair will not
entertain a motion to adjourn, as the two
Houses have fixed twelve o'clock to-day for
final adjournment.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I wish to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. What is understood by
the Chair to constitute the making of a report
as authorized under the rule?
The SPEAKER. It is the making of the
report. The Chair cannot put it in plainer
language.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Does that mean any-
thing more than bringing the report betore the
House ? Does it mean the .reading of the
report or any action upon the report ?
The SPEAKER. It includes the reading
of the report.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood the Chair
to state on Saturday that the presentation of a
conference report is a privileged question, but
that action upon it is not.
The SPEAKER. And the Chair has not
to-day said anything contradictory of that.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will the making of the
report go any further than its mere reading ?
The SPEAKER. It will include the read-
ing of the report and the recognition of the
gentleman presenting it to explain it; but the
motion for a recess which is pending must first
be settled before the gentleman from Ohio can
