1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I do not
want to be interrupted. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOAR. 1 call the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Garrett] to order, arid de-
mand that his words be taken down. [Cries
of "Oh, no I" ] Well, I will not insist upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I have
always denounced the action of the Demo-
cratic party as well as ray own in regard to
this fund. Now, my colleague asks me if the
Legislature of Tennessee did not make it good.
How did they make it good? They passed an
act that tliey would make it good, but they
have never levied a tax to make a dollar of it
good. The State comptroller asked our Legis-
lature to levy a tax of $1 20 on the hundred
dollars to meet the liability to the school fund,
and instead of carrying out his recommenda-
tion they levied a tax of only forty cents on
the hundred dollars, ignoring everything of
the kind he had recommended. The propo-
sition now is to give to Tennessee—what?
Here is a statement of the Commissioner of
the General Laud Office, showing that in twenty
years the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands have been $57,000,000, although nearly
ten years' time was lost during the war and
the incidents growing out of the war. Now.
what is the number of acres unsold to-day?
There are thirty three hundred million acres
of public lands unappropriated to-day. Sup-
pose that in forty years one half of this land
should be sold at forty cents an acre, and that
one half of the proceeds are given to the
States. Suppose that at the end of that time
there should be forty-five States in this Union.
What will be the amount given to each State?
It will give to each State rising $5,000,000,
after having annually had the interest accru-
ing from the half of these proceeds.
GeDtlemen talk about this bill giving but a
small amount to each State; that it will give
the State of Tennessee but $45,000, Ten-
nessee has ninety counties, and you give her
by this bill that much each year, and at the
end of forty years from the sales of this land
.at forty cents an acre Tennessee would re-
ceive $5,000,000.
A moment to the constitutional objection
that gentlemen, make here to this bill coming
from the side of the House where are sitting
gentlemen who tried and fought to destroy the
Constitution. When members come here and
ask relief for our section ot the country,
down trodden and oppressed as it has been by
this doctrine of States tights that stinks in the
nostrils of every patriot in the South, when
we ask that relief shall be extended to Ten-
nessee, who has 200.000 illiterate people that
are to day crying for help, then gentlemen on
this floor say it will be an infraction of the
Constitution to pass this bill.
Sir, let me say to them that it was no_infrac-
tion of the Constitution to give us $3,500,000
for school purposes. The only infraction of
the Constitution is that your party stole
S3,000.000 of that fund, and my party stole
§300,000. and you cannot be indicted for that
in the Federal court.
If gentlemen have any doubts about the con-
stitutionality of this bill, if they have any doubt,
then 1 say to them that they should give the
benefit of that doubt to the poor children of
the South, at least those of yon who tried tor
years to break upthisGovernmem and destroy
this Constitution. Do not say now, when there
is a proposition to give the southern people a
portion ofthisheritage, "oppose it," tor it is a
step in the right direction. It does not inter-
fere with the location of military warrants, or
with homesteads for actual settlers. All that
is to go on as usual. Let the amount be great
or small, whatever it may be at the end of each
year, let it be distributed. If we have to give
to New Hampshire, who does not want it if
we have to give her three dollars in order to
obtain one. dollar for ourselves, let Jut take it,
and give us what we need so much. It Minne-
sota, that received one million live hundred
thousand acres of public lands from this Gov-
ernment for common-school purposes, does
not want this fund, let her give it to some of
the States that do want it, or use it for some
other purposes. We only want for our gection
of the country what will come to us under
this bill.
We have no school fund that amounts to
anything. There is not a well organized school
system in all that country. Go to Kentucky,
where they do not even provide for any schools
at all for the colored children. My friend from
Virginia [Mr. Ceitoheb] alluded to the State
of Virginia, my own native State ; and although
I have resided in Tennessee for thirty years, I
have lived upon waters that flow into and trav-
erse the whole State of Virginia. The gentle-
man speaks of the eminent men that Virginia
has produced. It is true that she controlled
the Government, of this country for many years.
Look at Virginia to-day ; she has four hun-
dred thousand illiterate people within her bor-
ders. Suppose she had her Washington, her
Lee, her Randolph ; what does that do toward
educating the hundreds and thousands of illit-
erate children in that State to-day? They
cannot live upon the ancient renown and glory
of Virginia. No, Mr. Speaker, Virginia is
passing away because the rich were able to
educate themselves, as it was in my own State,
and the poor were unable to have any educa-
tion; and yet the Representatives from that
State oppose this measure as an infraction of
the Constitution.
[Here the hammerfell.]
Mr. DUNNELL. I now yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from Michigan. [Mr. Blair.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, it
is not my intention to enter into the discus-
sion of this great measure at any considerable
length. The time is insufficient, and the exi-
gency does not demand it. The gentlemen
of the committee who have so industriously
and carefully prepared this bill have led us
with signal ability and eloquence over the
whole field of this debate. I am satisfied with
the reasoning, still better satisfied with the
bill itself.
It does not need, I am sure, that the Amer-
ican Congress should be told of the benefits
of education in a free Government or in any
Government. Education is civilization; the
absence of it is barbarism. I have not here-
tofore supported any of the projects for a
national system of education which have been
brought forward here; not, however, on ac-
count of any distrust of the advantages of edu-
cation. but wanting confidence in the methods
proposed. I have felt compelled steadily to
oppose any turning over of the local schools
of the country to the nursing of a national
stepmother.
I have certain old-fashioned notions about
local self-government which refuse to yield to
the newer theories. It is said now in very
high quarters that the States have such rights
as the national Constitution has conferred upon
them, but according to my opinion, on the con-
trary, they have all such rights as that Consti-
tution has not taken away from them, and I
intend that they shall keep them, too, so far as
my vote goes. 1 his is the explanation of my
previous action upon the bills of the Commit-
| tee on Education. The-present bill,however,
i steers entirely clear of any objection on this
j score. It offers assistance and holds out en-
I couragement to the States, leaving the control
| of the educational system with the local ju"S-
I dictions, where it properly belongs. The
I charge, therefore, that the bill is without con-
! stitmional authority cannot be sustained, it
| on]y proposes to do on a more extended scale,
■ and in pursuance of a regular system, what it
i has been the constant practice to do by special
II acts during the entire history of the Govern-
|i The new States have all received from Con-
j: gress liberal grants of public land in aid ot
|i schools, colleges, and universities. Quite
recently large grants were made to all the
States for the establishment, of agricultural
colleges. There has always been a very great
and commendable liberality in this direction,
and I am confident that no use of the public
lands has ever borne such rich fruits as'this.
It would have been well, in my judgment, if a
system of regular appropriations from the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands to encour-
age the establishment of common schools in
all parts of the country had been adopted in
the organization of the Government itself.
Ignorance is not only the most dangerous
foe of liberty, but it is the source of every
weakness. Of this the founders of the Gov-
ernment were well advised, as all their acts
and words will bear witness. That they did
not make more thorough work in this matter
was not for lack of good will.
The praetieability of universal education is
a modern idea, and though it
does not tend to increase our republican pride,
we have been very much taught in it by one
of the aristocratic Governments of Europe.
That Germany which has made such prodi-
gious displays of power within the last few years
as to astonish the whole world has been the
first great nation to exhibit in practice a com-
plete system for the education of the whole
people. At -its results we have not yet ceased
to wonder. Whether general education tends
to make a people effeminate has there had a
most overwhelming answer. France will for-
ever remain an uncontroverted witness upon
that question.
The time is fitting for our Republic to enter
earnestly upon this great work. The great
barrier which lay across our pathway has been
removed. Slavery, the great nursing mother
of ignorance, violence, and crime, has been
driven from our borders never to return. The
millions of the victims of that unspeakable
oppression are calling loudly upon us for the
only recompense we are able to make. The
common dictates of humanity, as well as a
proper regard for the public safety, combine
to urge us to respond generously to this call.
Its necessity is apparent; its wisdom no less
so. I ask gentlemen who have taken ground
against this measure to consider deeply its
significance before they go further on that
mistaken road. There are no politics in this
bill; it is perfectly fair and equal toward the
whole country. The money is to be distributed
to the States according to the ratio of popula-
tion, and upon conditions with whicn all can
easily comply. The great matter is that it
" sets apart and consecrates the net proceeds
of the public lands forever for the education
of the people." There could be no more
noble declaration than that. Who is there
here that will say it shall not be done ?
It has been said in the debate that the pro-
ceeds of the public lands have already been
pledged to the payment of the pub'ic debt, and
therefore we must not pass this bill. But we
all know that the Government has long since
ceased to regard the public lands as a source
of revenue at all. The homestead policy and
the railroad land-grant policy have had the
effect to bring about this result. 1 he House
of Representatives has several times voted t aat
these lands ought to be entirely withdrawn from
market, and it is very evident that unless some
such bill as this shall become a law all sales
will cease within a brief period. Besides, it
is equally clear that this pledge of the pub he
lands, if it was ever of any value to the puuhc
creditors, has now entirely ceased to be such.
The public credit no longer needs this support
as the lesson of the money market abundantly
proves. We have added enough to the wealth
of the nation since that pledge was made to
enable us to withdraw it without injury to any
0I1Again. there is a fear expressed that the
money will be wasted by improvident Legis-
latures. I do not share in this. All the great
interests of the people, of a domestic char-
