1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cerning a candidate shall be, is he honest; is h©
capable; is he faithful to the Constitution ?' Madi-
son, Monroe* and John Quiney Adams followedhira
so i lifhfuliy that the joint congressional Committee
on Retrenchment reported in 1868 that, having
consulted all accessible means of information, they
had not learned of asiusjie removal of a subordinate
officer except for cause, from the beginning of Wash-
ington's administration fco the close oi that of John
Quincy Adams."
This was the practice of the early Admin-
istrations. Faithful and efficient men were ap-
pointed to office without regard to their polit-
ical views and retained in olfice by Presidents
who felt the responsibility of seeing that the
laws were faithfully executed. Now the first
great prerequisiie tor office is fidelity to party ;
without this no ability, integrity, or fitness
will avail. No term of office, however long or
faithful, will retain him in office whose views
are not in strict accord with the dominant
party.
it is thus the present system has impaired
the independence and moral lone of our public
officers, because men ofiutegrity must be men
of independence in thought, speech, and action,
which element* of character, howeverdeoirable
in a public officer, have proved fatal to thou-
sand? under our present system, and made
place for a class infinitely less to be trusted.
In calling the attention of Congress to the evil
tendencies of our present system, the com-
missioners say:
" In obedience to this system, the whole machin-
ery of the Government is pulled to pieces every four
years. Political caucuses, primary meetings, and
conventions are controlled by the promise and the
expectation of patronage. Political candidates for
the lowest.or the highest positions are directly or
indirectly pledged. The pledge is the price of the
nomination, and when the" election is determined
pledges must be redeemed. The business of the
nation, the legislation of Congress, the duties of the
Departments, are all subordinated to the distribu-
tion of what are well called, the 'spoils/ No one
escapes. President,Secretaries, Senators, Represent-
atives, are pertinaciously dogged and besought on
the one hand to appoint, on the other to retain, sub-
ordinates. The great officersof the Governmental
constrained to become mere office-brokers. Mean-
time they may have their own hopes, ambitions, and
designs. They may strive to make their patronage
seeurc their private aims. The spectacle is as familiar
as it is painful and humiliating. We accuse no in-
dividual. We appeal only to universal and deplor-
able experience.
" But the mischief does not end here. When pub-
lic offices are regarded only as rewards for political
service they will be constantly multiplied to supply
more places. There will be incessant temporary em-
ployments, as they are called, and consequent defi-
ciency bills and supplementary appropriation bills.
Meanwhile the influence which has obtained the
office, not for the public service, but as a private
reward, will be slow to see inefficiency or actual dis-
honesty in the conduct of the incumbent. The tend-
ency will be to disbelieve and to excuse, and to post-
pone inquiry; so that, under this system, not only
are useless offices created, but there is the strongest
temptation to conceal corruption, and every abuse
and every extravagance resulting from a multipli-
cation of such offices are constantly increasing.
"It is not easy to compute in figures the exact eco-
nomical difference between agood anda bad system
of the civil service. It i-s, necessarily, a matter of
inference and of comparison between the probable
operation of a careless and a careful'metbod. But
it is calculated by those who have made a careiul
study of all the facts that one fourth of the revenues
of the United States are annually lost in the collec-
tion, and for a large part of that loss a system oi the
service which is fatally unsound may reasonably be
held responsible."
This statement is calculated to arrest tbe
attention of the whole country, and to appeal
to men of all parties for redress. According
to the report, of the Secretary of the Treasury,
the receipts of the Treasury last year amounted
to §383,323,944 89. If one fourth of the rev-
enue was lost in the collection, as estimated by
the commissioners, then our loss from this
source alone amounted in a single year to
$124,411,314 96. This is ail amount greater
by $40,000,000 than was required to defray
the entire expenditures of the Government, for
any one year from its foundation down to
1861. . . ,
But tbe evil does not exliaust itself m the
collection of the revenue. It reaches almost
every Government bureau, resulting in the
loss of millions which have been collected and
paid into the Treasury by a system of reck-
less expenditures, fraudulent claims, and ex-
orbitant contracts. If we look into the opera-
tions of the Pension Bureau, we will find,
according to the last annual report of the
Commissioner, that the whole number of pen-
sioners borne on the rolls for the past year
amounted to 207,495, being an increase of
8,769 over the previous year.
This seems sirange, as every soldier who has
died, every widow who was married, and every
child that has attained a certain age, has been
dropped from the rolls. It would seem these
causes should operate to reduce the number
of pensioners, but a steady increase has been
the result. Last year we paid for pensions
$33,077,383 63, being an increase over the
previous year of $5,296,718 63. What amount
of pensions are being paid upon fraudulent
claims we have no means of knowing. The
Commissioner in his report deplores their
existence, and suggests and appropriation of
$50,000 (which amount has just been appro-
priated) io aid him in their detection. Some
idea of the amount of frauds in this bureau
may be obtained, however, from a speech de-
livered in the House a short time'since by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gakfield,] iu
which he says:
"Those gentlemen who have charge of our pen-
sion-rolls tell us that this bill, if it shall become a
law, will add $32,500,000 to our expenses. The Secre-
tory of the Interior says, and the Commissioner of
Pensionss concur with him, thatone fourth of all the
pensions on our rolls to-day are, in his judgment,
deliberate and outrageous frauds. Wow. one fourth,
or at least one eighth of this S32.500.000 will go to
sharpers and rascals, to the claim agents of thecoun-
try, who are not soldiers, and who have no right to
this gratuity from the Government."
Here is the opinion of the Secretary of the
Interior, concurred in by the Commissioner
of Pensions and reported to the House by a
leading Republican member, that one fourth
of all the pensions are believed to be deliber-
ate and outrageous frauds.
Mr. DUELL. Does not the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. McCormick] understand that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
afterward corrected the statement to which
reference is now made? He stated that the
number of fraudulent pensions was much less
than one fourth, and that statement was sub-
sequently corroborated by the Commissioner
of Pensions himself.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. It may
be that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr, Gab-
field] did make a correction of that particu-
lar statement; I was not aware of it. But that
gentleman and the Commissioner of Pensions
and the Secretary of the Interior all concurred
in the statement that a grievous fraud was
being perpetrated in that bureau.
If that statement is correct our losses in
this bureau alone amount to more than eight
million dollars per annum. I will not say
this is so. I hope it is not so. But what are
we to think when such statements are made
by officers having charge of this bureau, and
who can have no reason to exaggerate, as their
statements reflect upon the imperfect opera-
tions of their own department?
These losses result in part from a recogni-
tion of dishonest agents who present fraudu-
lent claims sustained by perjury alone, and in
part from the fact that many able-bodied men
have been put upon the rolls through corrupt
influences, and from the additional fact that
the system for the detection of frauds upon
this bureau is greatly deficient. I have also
heard it suggested that able bodied men are
retained as pensioners upon the Government
by political influences so long as their votes
accord with the views of the dominant party.
The operations of the Indian bureau is
another illustration of the evils which afflict
our civil service. The expeaditures of that
department steadily increase as^ the Indians
decrease. In proof of this, I will state that,
according to the report of the Secretary of the j
Treasury, during the first twenty-five years of
the present century appropriations for the
Indian bureau in no one year aoioifiited to
$1,000,000. and for the wholeperiod averaged
but$356,364 67perannum. Last, year we ap-
propriated for this purpose $7,426,997 44, aud
for the whole period of the present Administra-
tion over twenty-three million dollars; aud
yet the Indian is poor and wretched. In Febru-
ary of last, year a committee of this House
was instructed to investigate alleged frauds,
then said to exist in the Indian bureau. That
committee in thi-ir report say:
"To the mind of the committee, the testimony
shows irregularities, neglect, and incompetency,
and, m some instances, a departure from the express
provisions of law for the regulation of Indian ex-
penditures, and in the management of affairs in the
Indian depai talent."
After submitting certain evidence relating
to the payment of ludiatrannuities, they con-
tinue :
"It will thus be seen that out of the payment of
$125,000 to tbe Chickasaws, General Blunt received
$62,500; out of $84,000 to the Clioctaws he received
S33/j00, and out ot $90,000 to the Qu.ipa\vs, $30,000 ; iu
the aggregate $126,100 out of payments amounting
to $299,000."
If such injustice is inflicted by a single agent
upon civilizt-d Indians on our border, what are
the probable wrongs of untutored tribes in-
habiting the remote interior, and exposed to
the avarice of numerous agents? The oppor-.
tunity for these frauds is found in a system of
treaties concluded with Indian tribes at the
suggestion of interested agents, contractors,
superintendents, traders, and officers of the
Indian bureau, who find in them a means, to
enrich themselves by defrauding the Indians
and speculating off the Government. ' As an
illustration of the way contracts are obtained
for Indian supplies I submit the evidence
of John Finn, as reported by the committee,
in reference to a beef contract, which I think
correctly illustrates the contract business in
many instances :
" Question. What amount did you inform the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs you would take the
contract for?
"Answer. For Texas cattle at four and a half cents
a pound, and six and a half for American cattle.;
In fact there were no American cattle in that coun-
try, and four and a half cents was the bid I made for
Texas cattle.
" Question. Were the cattle you had on hand as
good as those furnished by Bosler ?
"Answer. I never saw his oattle.
" Question. Were they as good as the average of
Texas cattle /
"Answer. Better, a good deal.
" Question. Why ?
"Answer. Beoause they were there on the ground
the year previous; they were not just driven from
Texas; they were there that year, and they wore
better than ordinary Texas oattle.
" Question. Who else was present at that con-
versation between you and Commissioner X*arker?
"Answer. Mr. Baldwin, from Council Bluffs, heard
my conversation with General Parker.
" Question. What was his other name?
"Answer. I do not know.
" Question. When you heard of the Bosler con-
tract and its terms, now much less could you have
takon that contract for? How much would you have
given for that contract, which was for threo and a
half million pounds, gross, at six and a half cents a
pound ?
"Answer. I never figured up on it, and I cannot
tell you now. I offered Bosler here $75,000 to turn
the contract over to me."
Here we have the evidence of a man who
had filled 'contract after contract for Govern-
ment stock, and who day after day, verbally
and in writing, proposed to fill this one at four
and a half cents per pound. Why was it
refused him aud given to another at just
$70,000 in advance of his bid? How muck
the Government has lost in other contracts for
beef, bacon, flour, blankets, and other Indian
goods, I cannot state.
In further evidence of the corrupt practices
which have obtained in this bureau, I submit
the three last charges in an indictment of
thirteen, made by William Welch against the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in the investi-
gation of which the evidence we .have already
quoted was taken. The charges are as follows:
Philadelphia, January 0,1871,
Eleventh.—Wastefulness of the public money in
purchasing other uiticle*, all fromthu same favored
contractor; say baffon, (with the rib bones J at 25
cents per pound; coffee at 28 cents per pound; com-
mon sugar, inado from molasies, at 18 cents per
