1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3541
rior to indemnify Charles F. Tracy for losses
.by depreciations committed by Apache Indians
in May, 1870.
, The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and oassed.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS IN NEBRASKA.
. Mr. HARLAN. I move now to take up
Senate bill No. 508,
- The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 608) for the relief
<of certain tribes of Indiana in the northern
euperintendency.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the bill with amendments.
The amendments were in section one,
line twelve, to strike out the words " the agent
of the tribe to which said lands belong," and
.to insert in lieu thereof the words 44 selected
.by said Omaha tribe of Indians in open
council;" in line eighteen, after the word
"sale," to insert the words "for cash in
handat the beginning of the twenty-seventh
line to insert the words u nor less than $1 25
per acre;" in line twenty-nine, after the
word "same," to insert "nor less than
$1 25 per acre in line thirty-one, to strike
out the words "invested for the benefit of the
Indians interested, in such manner as the
Secretary of the Interior may direct," and to
insert "placed to the credit of said Indians on
the books of the Treasury of the United States,
and bear interest at the rate of five per cent,
per annum, payable semi-annually;" in line
thirty-six, after the word "as," to strike out
the word "he" and insert the words "the
Secretary of the Interior, with the approval
of the President of the United States;" and
at the end of the section to insert " Provided
also, That not more than twenty five per cent,
of the principal of the aggregate amount of
sales ot said lands shall be expended in any
one year;" so as to make the sectiou read, as
amended:
That with the consent and concurrence of tho
Omaha tribe of Indians, expressed in open council
in tho usual manner, the Secretary of the Interior
be, and hereby is, authorized to cause to bo sur-
veyed, if necessary, a portion of their reservation in
the State of Nebraska, not exceeding fifty thousand
acres, to betaken from the western part thereof, and
to be separated from the remaining portion ol said
reservation by a line running along tho section
lines from north to south. Tho said lands so sepa-
rated shall be appraised by three competent com-
missioners, one of whom shall bo selected by said
Omaha tribe of Indians in open council, and the
other two shall beappointed by theSecretary of the
Interior. Atter the survey and appraisement ot
said lands, as herein provided, the Secretary of the
Interior shall bo. and hereby is, authorized to offer
the same for sale for cash in hand; and sealed pro-
posals, duly invited by public advertisements, shall
be received for the same for tracts not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres each, and also for tho
entire body offered; and he shall be, and hereby is,
authorized to accept the proposal for the entire
tract, or the highest bids for separate tracts, which-
ever shall be deemed best for the interests ot tho
Indians: Provided, That no bid lor separate tracts
shall be accepted which may be less than the ap-
praised value of such tract, nor less than $1 25 per
aero; for the entire tract which shall be lobs than
the aggregate appraised value of the same, nor less
than II 25 per acre. The proceeds ofsuch sale shall
be placed to the credit of said Indians on the books
of the Treasury of the United States, and bear
interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum,
payable semi-annually, except such portion thereof
as the Secretary of tho Interior, with the approval
of the President of the United States, may deem
necessary to be expended for their immediate use in
improving and fencing farms, building houses, pur-
chasing implements of agriculture and live stock,
and in establishing and supporting schools: J ro-
vided also, That not more than twenty-five percent,
of the principal of the aggregate amount ot sales
of said lands shall be-expeuded in any one year.
The amendments were agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The other
amendments are merely making the same pro-
visions applicable to other tribes of Indians,
the Pawnees, Ottoesand Missourias, and Sacs
and Foxes. If there is no objection, they will
be considered as agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NEW YORK INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. HARLAN. I move now to take up
House bill No. 872, to provide for the sale of
certain New York Indian lands in Kausas.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Indian Affairs with amendments.
The first amendment was in line sixteen, to
strike out the words " $3 75 an acre" and
insert "the appraised value of said tracts
respectively, to be ascertained by three disin-
terested and competent appraisers, to be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Interior, who
shall examine m person each tract, and report
under oath its value, exclusive of improve-
ments;" and after the word "cases," in line
twenty-two, to insert "but no sale shall be
made under this act for less than $3 75 per
acre;" so as to read:
That those persons, being heads of families or
single persons over twenty-one years of «go, who
have made settlement and improvement upon, and
are bona fide claimants of, and occupants of, either
in person or by tenants, the Inn da in Kansas which
were allotted to certain New York Indians, nnd for
which certificates of allotment, dated the 14th day
of September, 1800, lor throe hundred and twenty
acres of land each, were issued to thirty-two of said
Indians, shall bo, and hereby are, authorized and
permitted to enter and purchase at tho'propor lund
otlico said lands so occupied by them, in tracta not
exceeding ono hundred and sixty acres, according
to the Government surveys, on paying therefor in
lawful money of tho Unitod States tho appraised
value ot said tracts respectively, to be ascertained
by three disinterested and competent appraisers, to
be appointed by the Secretary ol the Interior, who
shall examine in person each tract and report uudor
oath its value, exclusivo of improvements, and pat-
ents shall issue to them therefor as in other eases,
but no sale shall bo made under this act for loss than
S3 70 per acre.
Mr. POM1SHOY. As $3 75 was the price
agreed upon in the House eominitioe, and this
is a House bill relative to a small tract, I
think we had better let them go at $3 76
an acre—the settlers will bo glad to get them
at that pricc—and have it fixed without any
appraisal.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee examined
this matter very carefully, and were very
decided in their opinion that the land ought
to be appraised.
Mr. rOMKUOY. I do not want to resist the
committee, but I think in behalf of settlers
the bill should pass as it is.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty, after
the word "Indians" to strike out the words
"holders of said certilicates, their heirs or
legal representatives," and insert the words
" respectively, to whom said certificates were
issued, or to their heirs so that the bill from
line twenty-three to the end will read:
And tho Secretary of tho Interior shall prescribe
such regulations as may bo necessary (o carry this
act into effect according to the intent thereof, and
buch entries *hu U be made within one year from tho
time such regulations shall be promulgated: and
the moneys that shall arise from such sales hhall bo
paid into the Treasury ot tho United States, in tru.^t
for, and to be paid to, said Indians, respectively, to
whom said certificates were issued, or to their heirs,
upon satisfactory proof ot their identity, to tho Sec-
retary of the Interior, at any time within five yuan*
from the passage of this act; and in case such proof
is not made within the time specified, tben the pro-
ceeds of huch sales, or bo much thereof .is sha.il not
have been paid under the provisions of this act,
shall become a part of the public moneys of tho
United States: Provided, That any Indian to whom
any of said certificates was isbued, and who is now
occupying the land allotted thereby, shall be enti-
tled to receive a patent thcreior.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and theamendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed, and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third timi;, and passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator from Iowa
to give way a moment that I may make a re-
port from the conference committee on the
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not* object, pro-
vided it does not involve debate.
Mr. COLE. I present the report.
The Chief Clerk read the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
yotos of tho two Flou^es on the amendments to the
bill (II. It. No. 1191)" making appropriations for the
naval service for tho yoar ending June 30,1873. and
for other purposes," having met, after full and free
conference havo ogrecd to rccommend, nnd do
recommend to their rcspootivo Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 10, 10,17, 21, 25, :!<j, and 27.
That tho House ol Representatives recede from
their disagreement ro the amendments of tho Senate
numbered 2, 19, and 28, nnd agree to tho same.
That tho Sennto roeedofrom their disagreement
to the first clause of tho amendment of the Jlouse
to tho fifteenth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the sumo; and the House recede from the
second clause of their amendment to said fifteenth
amendment, and agree to said amendment as so
modified.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to tho amendment of the House to tho twenty-
fourth amendment of tho Senate, and agree to tho
same.
C. COLE.
A. 11. C'lUffW.
JOHN 1\ STOCKTON,
Mtxiiagrni on th* purr of the ,S'jn<ite,
HUOEN15 IIALU.
e.w.Kcoi<'iK]ii>,
8 iKYHNtSON AKOIIKR,
Matinf/frs on the pari of the 11 own.
The report, was concurred in.
MKSSAOIS l'JlO.M TIIK HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Mol'iuousox, its Clerk, announced
that tins liouse had passed tho following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. It. No. 21) to allow persons ac-
cused of" crime to testily in their own behalf
in the courts of the United Suites;
A hill (H. U. No. 182) regulating tho com-
pensation of et'iers and bftililfa of the United
States courts;
A hill (11. R. No. 1017) to prevent and pun-
ish tilts obstruction ol the administration of
justice in the courts of the United States;
A bill (II. K. No. 2;M0) to change the name
of the pleasure-yacht Ellie, of Boston, Mas-
sachusetts ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2770) to repeal certain
statutes prescribing an oath of office ;
A hill (II. it. No. 2780) for the relief of W.
W. Griffin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2781) for the relief of
Henry A. l'\ Worth; and
A resolution (11. It. No. 152) amending juiut
resolution approved March 2, 1807.
KNKOIXKD lilbL SlUNKD.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
hill (II. It. No. 2055) for the relief of II. C.
Christopher, (>. VV. Beard, C. A. Uber, lidward
Stiles, and N. H. Lamdin ; and it was there-
upon signed by the Vice President.
DUitl'ISK AND PECK.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
1088.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 1088) to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to settle the claim of Messrs. Durl'ee
& I'eck and U. II. Duifec, for supplies fur-
nished the Indians in Montana in the winter
ofJKOH, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It, pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the lutejioi to
settle, upon such terms as he shall think just
and proper, all claims of Messrs. Durfuo &
lJeek anil li. II. Durfee, late Indian agents,
for supplies furnished the Crows, Gros Ven-
tres, As-utiiboiiies, and other Indians of Mon-
tana Territory, in the winter of IStil), upon
the recommendation of Hon. James Tufts,
acting Governor of that Territory, and ex
officio superintendent of Indian affairs, but he
is to be satisfied as to the quantity of supplies
so furnished, and the amount shall not exceed
