1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
pound; inferior tobacco at 85 cents per pound, and
flour at 6k cents per pound, delivered at the agen-
cies. Also, in buying from the same person, a resi-
dent in Pennsylvania, 25,000 ninety-eight pound
sacks of second quality flour, at $3 50 a sack, deliv-
ered at Sioux City, where the market price was Sr2 20,
purchasing all privately from one person instead of
advertising according to law, and not allowing bids
of one thousand sacks or more, that persons living
near the reservation might find a market for their
products and manufactures. Wheat could nave
been contracted for at from 1 to 1 k cent, per pound,
and a more nutritious diet manufactured on the res-
ervation, with existing machinery, at less than half
the cost of the flour furnished. ,
Twelfth.—Exorbitant rates paid for freight up the
Missouri river, by not encouraging or allowing com-
petition.
Thirteenth.—Grievous wrong to the Indian service
by allowing peculiar facilities to a superintendent
or superintendents, agent or agents, having strong
political friends, by wh}oh the Government has been
defrauded or the welfare of the Indians retarded.
WM. WELSH.
The investigation of these charges resulted
in the removal from office of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, but, not X fear, in the removal
of the evil itself. From the facts that for the
present year the Indian appropriations are but
little below those of last year, being, I believe,
a little over seven million dollars, $2,000,000
of which I verily believe, if judiciously ex-
pended, would prove of more substantial ben-
efit to the Indian than did the $7,426,-
997 41 expended last year. Another loss
results from the employment of many unneces-
sary clerks in the Government bureaus. Hun-
dreds of these clerks are thrust upon the
Departments by the importunity of members
of Congress who feel indebted to them or to
their friends for services rendered in their own
elections. The heads of Departments, wearied
with their importunities, yield to their wishes,
and not unfrequently another unnecessary, and
it may be incompetent clerk is added to the
list. The Department officers in turn appeal
to members of Congress to sustain their recom-
mendations for large appropriations to defray
the current expenses of their bureaus, partic-
ularly contingent expenses, which embrace
light, fuel, books, stationery, &c., which is
expended in the discretion of the bureau offi-
cers and not generally inquired after. This is
another evil in our present system, in illustra-
tion of which I may state that the contingent
fund ftir the different bureaus of the Interior
Department for the present year are as follows:
Pension Office, $75,000; Land Office, $20,000;
Indian Office, @5,000; Patent Office, $180,-
000, and for the Post Office, $40,000, and the
Treasury Department, $215,000, and so of all
the Departments and bureaus of the Govern-
ment. Nor is this all. The evil reaches all
parts of the country, corrupting every branch
of the service.
In the custom-houses of New York, Phila-
delphia, and New Orleans, corrupt officials,
political favorites, and defeated politicians find
places. Bribes are taken, frauds perpetrated,
smuggling encouraged, merchants victimized,
and the traveling public blackmailed by a
horde of public officials, who enrich them-
selves, disgrace the Republic, and impoverish
the people. Nor is any branch of the service
more degraded,than is that intrusted to the
marshals, the deputies of whom are generally
appointed from the lower classes of society,
who find in our present code new offenses,
new crimes, and new pretexts for arrests.
These officials are found in almost every town
and county, who, instead of informing the
ignorant of the requirements of the law, are
spies upon the community, anxious to arrest
all whom rumor may charge with the most trivial
offenses, in order to obtain for themselves a
miserable fee. I will not pursue this subject
further than to repeat its consideration rises
above party, and that the reform should begin
with the President, who should at once resume
the appointing power, and exercise it accord-
ing to the letter and spirit of the Constitution.
The claim of members of Congress to Gov-
ernment patronage should be unconditionally
repudiated. Nor should they recommend any
one for office except in writing, and then only
after having been solicited to do so by_ the
President or a Cabinet minister. Especially
does it seem inconsistent with the duties of a
Senator that he should recommend or urge the
nomination of persons for office whose appoint-
ment depends upon confirmation by the Senate
of which he is a member.
The plan of competitive examinations pro-
posed by the commissioners appointed to in-
vestigate this subject would doubtless prove
useful. But it cannot ascertain all the facts
necessary to be known. It will reveal the
scholarly attainments of the candidate, but not
his business qualities, moral rectitude, or integ-
rity of character, without which his educational
attainments would render him more capable
of mischief should he be appointed to office
with a predisposition to a dishonorable career.
Nevertheless some system of examination
to ascertain the educational qualifications of
the candidate for office is indispensable. I
am aware great difficulties surround this sub-
ject. The vast machinery of our civil service
and the increasing multitude of officers render
it difficult for the President at all times to be
fortunate in his appointments. But so long
as he permits interested politicians and mem-
bers of Congress to dictate his choice he can
hope for no reform.
The Constitution, in imposing upon the
President the duty of appointing, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, certain
high officials, continues:
"But the Congress may by law vest the appoint-
ment of such inferior officeis as they think proper
in the President atone, in the courts of law, or in
the heads of Departments."
Under this provision of the Constitution
Congress has by law provided for the appoint-
ment of clerks in the Departments by Cabinet
ministers having charge of the same. But
under our present system members of Con-
gress have filled the Departments with clerks
from their own districts, many of whom are
unnecessary and incompetent, while the young
men of entire districts, and almost whole
States, have been deprived of any and all ben-
efits to be derived from appointments to clerk-
ships in the Deparments. This evil should be
relormed by a modification of existing law so
as to secure to each congressional district an
equal distribution of the Government patron-
age in the Departments, as is the case in the
schools of West Point and Annapolis. De-
partment clerks so appointed would represent
every congressional district in every execu-
tive bureau of the Government, who, after
thorough training, would constitute a class of
practical business men conversant with the
affairs of Government, and whom, if occasion
required, the President could safely commis-
sion to perform the duties of more important
offices.
But nndcf the existing system, clerks in the
Departments are not only appointed on account
of political service, but while thus employed
are degraded below the dignity of freemen by
being required to aid the dominant party in
controlling elections in this District and city,
and to vote side by side with vagabond negroes
imported at every election from Virginia and
Maryland for this purpose. Nor is this all;
they must submit to being blackmailed for
electioneering purposes State, county, and na-
tional, in addition to which they are expected
to return to their respective States at every
important e'ection and there claim their citi-
zenship and vote according to party dictation.
Such a system of civil service is a degrading
despotism and unworthy of the respect or con-
fidence of the American people.
Under our internal revenue system, which is
a branch of the civil service, we have an army
of officials, among whom are spies, inform-
ers, and detectives, clothed with extraordinary
powers and entitled'to fees and moiety. This
statement is all that is necessary to understand
the despotic tendencies of the times. These
men are kept in office, not by virtue of elec-
tions by the people, but by appointments
made by the Executive, and at an expense
of $6,000,000 per annum.
This whole system should be abolished and the
country returned to a system of taxation pro-
vided for by the Constitution, which declares :
"Representation and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their respect-
ive numbers."
Under such system States could by their
own officers collect their proportion of the
Government revenue and pay it into the Treas-
ury of the United States without the vast ma-
chinery and weighty expenditures of our pres-
ent system of Federal tax-gatherers. Such re-
form would, however, be fatal to the schemes of
thousands of Federal officeholders who would
oppose it with all the means which a thirst for
power can suggest. I am therefore impressed
with the belief that the only efficient civil ser-
vice reform which should be proposed by tbe
people is an entire change of men and meas-
ures, and a prompt rejection of the present
Administration at the polls. I yield the
remainder of my lime to my colleague,
[Mr. Blair.]
CIVIL RIGHTS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, addressed Ihe
House upon the subject of civil rights. [Etis
remarks will be published in the Appendn:.]
Mr. WHITELEY. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] desires to reply
to the remarks of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] and with the permission of (,he
House, in order to afford hitn that opportunity,
I will ask that my remarks be printed without
delivering them.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
Mr.KELLEY obtained the floor, andyielded
a portion of his time to Mr. Ciiipman.
EXTENSION OF CAPITOL GROUNDS.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
avail myself of the courtesy of the House for
a few moments to speak of the importance of
extending the grounds surrounding the Cap-
itol building, and fixing definitely, for all time,
the boundaries to the same. 1 think my im-
pression as a citizen of the United States may
be mentioned as the impression of all persons
who visit this great Capitol, that this Capitol
building may be regarded as a great central
figure in the plan of our city, representing to a
certain extent the civilization of this country.
While the beauty of this building in its exte-
rior or interior is beyond comparison with any
other building erected for the sa,me purpose in
the world, yet the moment the eye leaves the
Capitol building itself, it rests upon surround-
ings which not only diminish the beauty of the
building, but present a standing reproach and
disgrace to the whole people of this country.
Here we have a structure which has cost
not far from ten or twelve million dollars, and
which is yet uncompleted on its original plan.
The center must be projected eastward s.nd
improvements made at that point, with the
plan of which we are all familiar, before it
can be said that the Capitol building is com-
plete. Then, when that is done, and you have
here the forty additional members of Congress
that have been added to the already large list,
and when you have developed in this country,
after ten or twenty years, vast interests the
consideration of which will center in this great
building, it will be discovered that the present
Capitol, with the proposed extension in the
center, and excluding from the Capitol build-
ing the Supreme Courtand our great Congres-
sional Library, and the Court of Claims, and,
in short, all the offices of the Government
whose duties are not directly connected with
the legislative branch of it—I say, when these
are all excluded, as they will be, from the
Capitol building, it will be found that it is
scarcely adequate to the needs of this grow-
ing country.
