854
THE CONGKESSIOJSFAL GLOBE.
February 6,
acter, are committed to the wisdom and patri-
otism of the State Legislatures, and as a rule
they have been safe there. The strongest
motives will operate to produce fidelity in the
discharge of this great trust. Congress itself
will 'be constantly on guard to see to it that
the fund is not diverted from the purpose
declared by law.
I have noticed some candid criticism of the
bill in quarters entitled to respect. The bill,
it is said, is not perfect. Probably not. We
are not doing much that is perfect, and if we
wait for that the tarrying will be long. It is
.it least a good, brave beginning, and if experi-
ence shall show us how to improve it there will
be no objection.
It is true that in some parts of the country
the schools will sadly need much more assist-
ance for a time than this bill will give them,
while in other parts they do not much need
any assistance at all. Nevertheless, we can-
not safely discard the idea of equality in the
distribution of the fund. The great advantage
of the measure will appear, after all, not so
much in the amount ot assistance rendered,
for that will not be great, as in the inducement
it will give for local effort. It will form the
groundwork of a school system where there is
none, and will greatly encourage those who are
struggling with weak beginnings without active
sympathy in their localities.
I hear it also objected by some gentlemen
from the South that the bill provides for mixed
schools, and therefore the scheme will beoffen-
sive in their section. But this is a mistake.
The provision is fortlio " free education of all
the children between the ages of six and six-
teen years/' The manner of the provision is
left entirely to the people of the States, and it
may be either in mixed schools or otherwise,
only so that all are educated. The fnir con-
struction of the bill will require the States to
enter at once upon a system of general educa-
tion if they wish to share in the benefits of the
fund, and nothing more.
The most astonishing of nil the arguments
employed against ibe bill is, that it will re-
quire the southern people to educate the igno-
rant negroes, and rather than do that they will
forfeit iheir entire interest, m the public lands.
This charge, so disgraceful to those people, 1
utterly refuse to believe. There may be some
who entertain such a bitter, unreasoning hos-
tility to a lately subject race, but it is impos-
■ sible that such cruel and monstrous sentiments
should possess the minds of the great body
of a civilized people. If there were no ques-
tions of humanity involved, the safety of the
State would forbid that a large portion of the
laboring population should be designedly kept
in dense ignorance. It would be the highest,
crime against good government, committed
with malice aforethought. Against, this we
must array the national Government in every
lawful way.
The national arm is strong, and it, will by
this good example and kindly assistance lift
into vigorous growth many an enterprise now
losing hope. Some who are burning school-
houses in certain quarters will be likely to
take timely warning when they discover who
it is that, is coming to the rescue. The weight
of a very heavy hand will without offense be
laid in the scale on the right, side.
I hope the House will pass this bill with
substantial unanimity. Nothing better than
this can be done with the public lands. It is a
measure that menaces no section, no interest,
no class oi people, and can reasonably excite
no hostility anywhere. If. holds out the help-
ing hand, which I trust will not be rejected.
Mr. DUNNKLL. I now yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. CoBUitN.l
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, in this pres-
ence, and in the short time that I have allowed
me, it will be unnecessary to argue the bene-
fits of education, and it will be equally unne-
cessary to argue that this is not a political
question, because a moment's reflection will
convince any one that the benefits of educa-
tion cannot but extend to one party as well as
to the other; and the mere method of provid-
ing for education ought not to be a question
of politics, but rather one for discussion and
for judgment as among men, without reference
to political preferences. Bat aside from this
reflection, I find that gentlemen on the oppo-
site side are very much disposed to find fault,
as politicians, with this measure. I find that
one of my own colleagues [Mr. Kerb] prefaced
his remarks by claiming, in order to give some
dignity to the argument he afterward submit-
ted, credit to the Democratic party of Indiana
as the particular friend of education. He said
that they had provided in the constitution of
1851 security for a fund, and indeed had estab-
lished the basis of education in our State in a
great measure. Now, if this be the case, I will
say that as a native of the State, and one who
has lived there for forty years, I never heard
of this before, and I will venture to say that
many men of intelligence have never heard
an assertion of that kind. The school fund
of Indiana, which is greater than that of any
other State, being over eight million dollars,
comes from three or four sources. A portion
of it comes from the congressional township
fund which was provided for long ago, and
consolidated by the Legislature of Indiana in
1832 or 1833, or somewhere about that time,
before even the Democratic party had a name,
as it is now. This congressional township
fund is from the sixteenth sections; but the
largest portion of the school fund ot Indiana
accrues from another source, and that is the
sinking fund which in 18;?4 was provided for
by the charter of the State bank of Indiana.
In that charter provision was made for borrow-
ing $3,000,000 which was done by the State,
and a sinking fund provided m this way. This
$3,000,000 was borrowed by the State and put
as stock into the State bank, and the proceeds
and profits of that stock were first devoted to
payment of the interest on the $3,000,000,
then to the payment of the $3,000,000 itself,
and then the balance was to go into the school
fund. It resulted in the accumulation by the
State of about four million dollars, but the
Democratic party had not anything to do with
that. Why, the man who made the motion in
the Legislature was John Beard, an anti-Jack-
son man, a Whig, and a Kepublican, and no
man ever thought of attributing to the Demo-
cratic party the credit of the sinking fund.
Ueorge H. Dunn, Calvin Fletcher, James
Farrington, and Joseph G. Marshall were
among the leading men in the Legislature
who carried the measure through, and were
never in any sense connected at any time
with the Democracy. The bank prospered,
paid its debts, and cleared for the State the
sum 1 have named, and but for the Dem-
ocracy would have been in existence to-day.
Why, sir, I very well remember that when
the constitutional convention of 1851 met it
was the business of the Democratic party,
lead by John Pet.tit, a prominent man, to dis-
continue the State bank of Indiana, which
had made this handsome sum of $4,000,000
as a school fund for the State. If the Demo-
cratic party of Indiana ever did anything it
was to break down the system by which that
great sum was accumulated. Had the State
bank charter been continued, the sinking or
school fund would have more than doubled
by this time. But that Democratic conven-
tion put an end to it forever.
In addition to this there is a fund of a mil-
lion or more dollars derived from fines and
forfeitures. The Democratic party have con-
tributed a little more to this fand than to any
other. [Laughter.] I have no doubt they
have contributed the larger portion of this
fund derived from fines .and forfeitures. No
man of any degree of intelligence, so far as I
have heard, except ray colleague, [Mr. Kerr,]
has ever claimed that the Democratic party
were entitled to one iota of credit for doing
anything else than this for the school fund of
Indiana. The Democratic counties of Indiana
are the most ignorant in the State, and are
opposed generally to schools, and that party
has made capital out of its opposition to schools.
But I must return from this digression; I was
only led into it by reason of the remarks of my
colleague.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this bill does not pro-
pose merely a distribution of the proceeds of
the public lands; it contemplates the educa-
tion of the ignorant; it proposes to devote
the fund derived from these lands to the edu-
cation of the people who need it. So far as
its provisions contemplate that end, I am in
favor of it. t am opposed to a general distri-
bution of these funds among all the States
according to population, but I am in favor of
distributing the proceeds in direct proportion
to the number of illiterate persons in the State,
and in inverse proportion to the amount of
school property and school funds that the
States may possess. Let both these consider-
ations be taken into account—in the first place
the number of illiterate persons, and in the
second place the amount of school funds and
school property that, any State may have. The
States that have the least school funds and
property and the largest number of illiterate
persons should, in my judgment, have the
greater portion of the fund. I cannot see that
there are any politics in such an arrangement;
I cannot see why any southern man should
object to it; I cannot see why any Democrat
should object to it, unless he believes, as I
believe, that the mortal enemy of the Demo-
cratic party ig common-school education. I
believe that when education prevails through-
out. the South, the great reserve of that party
will be gone forever; and the party now in
power must have for its antagonist some other
one that may spring up, and organize an oppo-
sition.
There is a necessity for some measure of
this kind. We see that there are in the South
millions of people without education—poor
whites, poor blacks, who are the wards of the-
nation. If ever there was a necessity at any
time in the history of this Government for an
act of this kind, that necessity is now pressing
upon us.
Mr.* Speaker, I am well satisfied that the
perpetuity of this nation cannot be secured
merely by the action of any party. The Re-
publican party is not able to save this country.
There never was a party pure enough, and
great enough, and comprehensive enough in
its measures and principles to save the nation
without education. War cannot do it; armies
cannot do it; reconstruction cannot do it; no
act of legislation or scheme of public manage-
ment can do it. The perpetuity of the nation
must result from the intelligence and liberality
of the people; and these can only be secured
by such a system as. is proposed in this bill.
The money to carry out such a system is not
in the Treasury; but here are these lands,
which we can reach, and reach regularly.
Therefore I favor a proposition of this kind
more than I did the proposition introduced
last year to tax the people for the support
of the schools.- The proceeds will afford a
nucleus for the contributions by taxation for
the people of the needy States; and being
given to them on condition that they support
schools a part of the year, will secure their
proper application.
It is no sufficient objection in my mind to a
measure of this kind that the States of the
South which were in rebellion have squandered
their funds. Undoubtedly they did wrong.
Many of the people are sorry for it; and
whether they are sorry or not, it is the busi-
ness of the nation to see that the schoolmaster
goes among them. It is the business of those
who saved this country to impart intelligence
to the people of the South; and whether this
be done by a compulsory system enforced
through the power of the nation, or by a gentle
