1872.
the congressional globe.
This had been a station in 1887, and it had
been abandoned entirely, but yet they had
the title by the terras of that act.
- Mr. TRCJMBULL. Who had the title?
Mr. PEELINGHUYSBN. The American
Board of Foreign Missions. They having
abandoned it, the United States occupied it
for their Indian agents, and their buildings on
it are worth some $20,000 probably. The
Board of Missions sold it to Lanjjford, and
Langford presents his claim to the six hundred
and forty acres with the buildings upon it, or
their value, $40,000.
This bill provides that as Langford has a
technical title, he shall have the consideration
he paid the American board, not exceeding
SI,500—he only paid $500 and did some pro-
fessional services for them—and interest on
that consideration from the time he paid it
up to the pas;age of this act. He has got a
technical title, and this is to extinguish that
title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will
allow me to interrupt him, has the land ever
been patented? Was tbis land granted in
such a way that this missionary society could
sell it? Did the grant carry anything inoro
than the occupation?
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Yes, sir. No
patent has issued, but the statute itself is a
grant of the land.
Mr. HARLAN. And it has been so held
by the Attorney General.
Mr. FRBLINGHUYSEN. It has been so
held by the Attorney General, and Langford
actually brought his action of ejectment and
got judgment against the Indian agent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me it is
very strange 
Mr. FRBLINGHUYSEN. It is a very
Strange law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me it is
very strange that the Government should have
granted a section of land in fee by an act ol
Congress to this missionary society, and then
they should be allowed to turn around and sell
it out, which they might do the next day by
way of speculation. Certainly that was not
the intention of the act of Congress.
Mr. FRBLINGHUYSEN. That, was not
the intention, but that is the effect of the act.
There is considerable land occupied in that
way. It certainly could not have been the
intention of Congress that where a missionary
station was established in 1837, and had been
abandoned for seven or eight years before the
act of 1853, the terms of that act should refer
back to wherever there bad been a missionary
station. I do not think, therefore, that this
claimant has anything more than a technical
claim, but 1 think it is for the interest ol' the
Government and right that he should be raid
what he actually paid for it, provided the
Attorney General finds that he has title ; aud
that is the provision in this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire if there
is not, and if there is not, if there ought not
to be, a provision that on the payment of
this money the party shall surrender up any
title or any claim he has? Otherwise ho may
come again.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is a pro-
vision in the bill that he shall make a convey-
ance. .. , .
Mr. TRUMBULL. And that this shall be
in full satisfaction ? ...
Mr. FRBLINGHUYSEN. And that this
shall be in full satisfaction. The money is
not to be paid until the Attorney General shall
find that he has a title and not until he makes
a conveyance, and that it shall be in full satis-
faction.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. • FRBLINGHUYSEN. I submit a
written report to accompany this bill, and I
move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
flathead indians of montana.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am directed
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2028) to pro-
vide for the removal of the Flathead and other
Indians from the Bitter Root valley, in the
Territory of Montana, to report it. back with
an amendment; and I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con
sider the bill.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That it shall bo the duty of the Prosidont. as soon
as practicable, to remove the Flathead Indians,
(whether of full or mixed bloods,) and all other
Indians connectod with suid tribo and roeoRittzod
as members thereof, from the Bitter Root valley^ in
the Territory of Montana, to the general reservation
in said Territory, (commonly known as tho Jocko
reservation,} wlnoli, by a treaty concluded nt lloll
Gate, in the Bitter Hoot valloy, July 16,1855. and
ratified by the Senate Mnroli 8, 18511, between the
United ^States and tho confederated tribes of Flat-
head, Kootenai, and Pend d'Oroille Indians, was
set apart and reserved for tho use and occupation
of said confederated tribes; and to defray tho ex-
penses of said removal, aud to aid in tho subsistence
of said Indians during tho first year, thoro shall be
expended, under the direction of tho Secretary of
the Interior, a sum not exceeding $5,0(10, whenever
an appropriation ahull be made for that purpose,
the same to be reimbursed to tho United States as
hereinafter provided.
Eskc. 2. That as soon ns prnotioable nftor tho pas-
sage of this act the surveyor general of Montana
Territory shall oauso to bo surveyod.as other public
lands of tho United States are surveyed, tho lands
in the Bittor Root volley lying abovo tho Lo-Lo
fork of tho Bitter lloot rivor; and said lands shall
bo open to settlement, and shall besoldin iegulsub-
division* to actual settlors only, tho sanio bcintr citi-
zens of tho United Statos, or having duly declared
their intention to beeomo suchoitixons,said settlers,
being beads of familios, or over twenty-one years ol
age, in quantities not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres to each settlor, at tlio price of #1 25 per
acre, payment to bo mado in cash within twenty-
one months from tho date of settlement or of tho
passage of this act. Tho sixteonth and thirty-sixth
sections of said lands shall be reserved for school
purposes in the mannor provided by law. Town
sites in said valley may be reserved and ontored as
provided by law: I'ruvuUd, That no more than
fifteen townships of tho lands so surveyed shall bo
doeinod'to bo subject to tho provisiot s of this act:
And provided furl her, That none of the lands in said
valley above the Lo-Lo fork shall bo open to settle-
ment under tho homestead and preemption laws of
tho United States. An account shall bo kept by tho
Seoretary of tho Interior of tho proceeds of said
lands, and out of the first moneys arising thorofrom
thoro shall be reserved and set apart for the use of
said Indians tho sum of SIOO.OOO, to be by the Presi-
dent expended in aurtual installments, in such man-
ner as in Ins judgment shall be for the best good of
said Indians; but no more than $5,000 shall bo
expended in any ono year. .
SKt:. 3. That any of said Indians, being the bead
of a family or twenty-one years of age. who shall,
at tho passago of this act, be actually residing upon
and cultivating any portion ot suid lands, shall bo
permitted to remain in said valley and preempt
without cost the land so occupied nnd cultivated,
not exceeding in amount one hundred and_sixty
acres: provided. That such Indian shall, prior to
August 1, 1872, notify the superintendent of Indian
affairs for Montana Territory that ho abandons Ins
tribal relations with suid tribe andintendsto remain
in said valley. ,,
Skc 4. That anv actual settler in said valley
abovo the Lo-Lo Fork who shall come within tho
provisions of the act of Uongrei>s ot .September a,
1850, ontitled "An act to cieate the office ot sur-
veyor general of the public lands in Oregon, and to
provide for the survey, and to make donations to
settlers of the said pubiic lands," and the acts
amendatory thereof, shall bo permitted to establish
such fact in the land office in the stud territory ol
Montana, and. upon proof of complianeo with tile
provisions of said act or acts, shall bo permitted to
obtain title, in tho manner piovided therein, to such
quantity of land as be may be entitled to under the
game. All disputes as to title to any lands men-
tioned in this act shall be dccided according to tho
rules governing the decision ot disputes in ordinary
eases under the preemption laws ol the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, arid the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I submit a writ-
ten report to accompany the bill j and I move
that it be printed,
The motion was agreed to,
BLACK BOB LANDS ISf KANSAS.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 620.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 620) for the sale of
the Black Bob Indian lands in the State of
Kansas.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee report an
amendment to the bill in the nature of a sub-
stitute, and 1 suggest that the amendment
alone be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pbrry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The reading of
the original bill will be omitted if there be
no objection.
Tha Chief Clerk read the amendment;
which was to strike out all after tho enacting
clause of the bill, and insert the following:
That tho lands in the Stat© of Kansas, being a por-
tion of tho "Shawnee reserve," sooallod, and known
as tho Dlack Bob tract, and containing about thirty-
four thousand acres, shall bo sold and disposed of as
follows, to wit: tho Seoretary of the Interior shall
immediately, upon tho passage of this act, appoint
throe disinterested and competent poraous, who
shall, under thoir oaths or affirmations, proceed to
personally examine and appraise separately each
quarter section of tho ahovo-dosoribod traetof land,
fixing a fair valuation upon tho same, without re-
gard to improvements made by white settlers ; and
il thereare imnioyemonu mado by tho United States
or individual Indians, tho value of the same shall bo
added to tho value df the land upon which tho samo
are situated, and report tho same to the Secretary
oftho Interior; and tho suid Secretary shall reservo
the right to reject any appraiaemont, and to order a
now one.
Skc. 2. That each person, or tho hoirs of tmch,
being a oitiaen of the United States, or who hna de-
clared his intention to become such, and who is tho
head of a family, or single person over twenty-one
years of age, who has made settlement and improve-
ment upon, and on the 1st day of January, 1872,
actually occupied, any portion of said tract of land
in tho State ol Kansas, sot apart by a treaty mado
between tho United States and tho Shawnee tribe
of Indians on tho 10th day ot May, 18f>4, and pro-
claimed upon the 2d day of JSovember of the samo
year, to be held in common in a compact body by
certain Indiana of Black Bob's settlement, shall be
entitled at auy time, withm one year from the ap-
proval of the said appraisement, to purchase the
lands so occupicd and improved, not to exceed ono
hundred and sixty acres in each case, at the ap-
praised value thereof, under such rules and regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Intorior may prescribe.
And all of said la i"S which shall not, within one
year from the dato of Miid approval, be purchased
as hereinbefore provided, snail be sold under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior as soon as
tho quantity and description of the same are ascer-
tained, in parcels not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres each, to the highest bidder for cash, the
sale to bo made upon sealud proposals, to bo duly
invited by public advertisement, and patents in fee-
simple shall bo issued to the purchasers under tho
provisions of this section : Provided, That no por-
tion ot said lands shall be sold at a less price than
tho appraised value thereof.
Siw. 3. That all patents for any of tho foregoing
lands mado, or claimed to have been made, in pur-
hu.mce of said Shawnee treaty of May 10, 18->4, be,
and the samo are hereby, declared to be null and
void: Provided, however, That all persons who have
in good faith paid money to any bona fide members
of tha said Black Hob's band, with the approval of
tho United States Indian agent for said Shawnee
tribe, in pursuance ol any assumed sales, convey-
ances, or transfers made tinder and by virtue of
such patents, shall be entitled to receive back the
amount so paid, upon proof satisfactory to the Sec-
i utary of the Interior of Mich payment, together
with interest on tho samo at the rate of six per
cent, per annum, and tho necessary actual and legal
expenses incurred by sucli puicluw-orh m the prem-
ises, to bo adjusted nnd allowed by the Secretary of
the Interior; said interest to be computed from tho
date ot each individual payment to the date of set-
tlement, as herein provided; and the amounts so
refunded and paid back to bo charged to tho ac-
count of the Indian or Indians having received the
same, to be deducted fiom his, her, or their propor-
tion of the proceeds of the sales of said lands ; and
the receipt of said sum by those who have purchased
ot said Indians as herein described, or from their
assigns or legal representatives, shall be held to bo
a release of all claim to the said lands, <>r to any
portion of the same, and also a full satisfaction lor
all claims against the United States growing out of
these transactions. „ , , „ ., , .
Skc. '1. That tho proecedsof the sale of said lands,
after defraying the expenses of the sale of such as
shall be disposed of at publicsalc, and after making
deductions and payments therefrom, as provided in
the third section of this act, shall bo invested or
