1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in New York, were allowed the privilege.
The redaction to twenty thousand would only
add about twenty towns to the list; but I think
it better to accept the amendment under the
circumstances in which we are placed.
Mr. POMEROY. Let this amendment be
regarded as non-concurred in, and let us go on
with the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot do that until
you take the question on my amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Well, I said let the
amendment of the committee be non-con-
curred in, and let it stand as it is iu the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Cannot it be passed over
for the present?
Mr. RAMSEY. No; the Senator from Ver-
mont does not consent to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The pending question is
on my amendment to the amendment of the
committee, to strike out "twenty" and insert
"fifty;" and upon that the Senate must act
before it goes ahead if that is the law, and
for this reason: if I were proposing an amend-
ment which changed the existing law I should
yield to the suggestion of the chairman with
pleasure to let the committee have its way and
leave the law as it stands until we should come
into the Senate; but I am not proposing such
an amendment. I am proposing an amend-
ment to keep the law where it is, and I do not
think it quite the thing for the committee to
ask us to change the law upon a vital point ot
this sort as a mere matter of courtesy to them.
The courtesy is right the other way.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggested to the Sena-
tor from Vermont that we non-concur in the
amendment of the committee; that is, non-
concur in the amendment striking out the
ninety-third and ninety-fourth sections, and not
agreeing to the new section reported as sec-
tion ninety-three, leaving the law as it now is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not at all satis-
factory. . ,
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator said he was
willing to leave the law as it is now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So I say; but section
ninety-three does not leave it as the law now
is. It gives a discretion to the Pestmaster
General which I assert he does not now pos-
sess. .
Mr. POMEROY. There is no discretion
now. „ ... ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will read
the last line he will see there is a discretion;
that is, that the Postmaster General may es-
tablish this free delivery in such other places
as he pleases. If that is not discretion, will
the Senator be good enough to tell me what
Mr. POMEROY. That is the old law as it
now is. . , T
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not the old law; i
^Mr'POMEROY. It is the law that passed
the House. This is as it passed the House,
and I understand that to be the old law.
Mr EDMUNDS. Produce the old law.
Mr! SAWYER. I can say to the Senator
from Vermont that the present law authorizes
the establishment of the free-delivery system
in all cities or towns of fifty thousand "jhdb-
itants or more, and in the discretion of the
Postmaster General the free-delivery system
maybe established in towns of less popu ation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will just
read .the statute which contains it, 1 Shalt De
glatt to hear it. . , .
Mr. SAWYER. Without being able at tfiis
moment to turn to the statute, for I have not
the books here, I have the authority ot
Postmaster General for saying so.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will give
wav for a moment I will read the law:
"Sec 15 And be it furtker enacted, That nothing
contained in the ^Jed ^ An«t to amend the
ters and other mail matter from post offices where
the system of free delivery by carriers has not been
established : Provided, nevertheless, and it is hereby
further enacted, That the system of free delivery
shall be established in every place containing .a
population ot fifty thousand within the delivery of
the office thereof, and at such other places as the
Postmaster General in his judgment shall direct:
And provided further, That the prepayment post-
age on drop-letters in all places where free delivery
is not established shall be one cent only."
That is the act of March 3, 1865.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you say that is the
law now ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do notso understand it.
Mr. POMEROY. That is precisely the lan-
guage of this bill: "and such other places as
the Postmaster General may direct." If the
Senator from Minnesota has read the law aright,
then it is copied into this ninety-third section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He has read the law as
it stood in 1865. Of course he has not mis-
read it; but I do not understand that is the law
now.
Mr. RAMSEY. It was so represented to us
as a committee from the Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may be so.
Mr. RAMSEY. It was passed only six
years ago, and there has been no change in
the law since.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to strike out "twenty" and insert
"fifty."
Mr. SAWYER. Before that question is
taken, I will state to the Senator from Ver-
mont, that the fifteenth section of the act of
March 3, 1865, provides—
" That the system of free delivery shall be estab-
lished in every place containing a population of litty
thousand within the delivery of the office thereof,
and at such other places as the Postmaster General,
in his judgment, shall direct."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the act of 1865.
Mr! SAWYER. The act of March 3, 1865.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The chairman has just
read that, word for word.
Mr. POMEROY. Now I- call on the Sen-
ator from Vermont, as we have read the law,
to show where it is repealed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a very fair call,
but the Senator will excuse me from troubling
myself at this present moment on that subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques
tion on the amendment to the amendment, and
declared that the noes appeared"to have it.
Mr EDMUNDS. I call for a division.
Mr. COLE. I think there is danger that
we shall find ourselves without a quorum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to any debate
until the division is taken.
Mr. RAMSEY. Give it up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not give it up.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am asking the other side
to give it up. . . .c
Mr. EDMUNDS. You may give it up if
y°ThWeapRESIDlNG OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendments amended.
Mr EDMUNDS. I wish to offer a further
amendment, if I am not offensive to the com-
mittee. I supposed that the object of having
this bill considered in the Senate was for the
nurpose of understanding it. If that is not
the object, then I will excuse myself and go
home. I do not like, and I believe my f«end
from California does not like, the idea ot this
graduation of salaries in this ninety-third sec-
tion It provides that in a certain population
it shall be $800, and in a certain contingency
S900, and in a certain other population $7(>U,
and in a certain contingency $800, and in all
other cities $600 the first year ot service and
S700 thereafter, lo make it conform (to say
nothing of this graduation) to what we have
already done, it is needful to strike out in line
ten, eleven, and twelve, the words and m
all other cities $600 the first year of their ser-
vice, and $700 per itnuum thereafter." That
applies to the cities below fifty thousand, and
I make that motion in the first place.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not like the rest of
the section as to graduation, but I do not wish
to embarrass the committee, and as that is a
mere question of discretion, and not of prin-
ciple, I will not undertake to divide the Senate
upon that if they think it, is best as it is.
Theamendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion one hundred, in the following words :
Sec. 100. That the person in oharge of a branch
office may bo a depositary for the sale of postage
stamps and stamped envelopes, which may be de-
livered to him for that purpose by the Postmaster in
sums not at any time to exceed one half the penalty
of his bond.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [one
hundred and one] ninety-nine, line two, to
strikeout the word "four" and insert " two
and in line six, to strike out the word "four"
and insert "two;" so that the section will
read:
Sec. [101] 99. That the rate of postage on news-
papers, (excepting weeklies.) periodicals not ex-
ceeding two ounces in weight, and circulars when
the same arc deposited in a letter-carrier office for
delivery by the office or its carrier, shall be uniform
at one cent each; but periodicals weighing more
than two ounces shall bo subject to a postage of two
cents each, and these rates shall be prepaid by
stamps.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to give notice that
when we come into the Senate I shall desire
to call the attention of the Senate to that
amendment. I do not believe in it, and never
agreed to it in committee. I believe that a
newspaper, whether it weighs two ounces or
four, ought to go through the mails at the
same price.
The next amendment was in section [one
hundred and three] one hundred and one,
line seven, to insert before the word " from "
the word "there," and at the end of the sec-
tion to strike out the word "it."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [one
hundred and five] one hundred and three,
line six, to insert after the word "exchange"
the words "and compensation to postmas-
ters so that the section will read ;
Sec. [105] 103. That the Postmaster General may
conclude arrangements with the post departments
of foreign Governments, with which, postal conven-
tions have been or may be concluded, tor the ex-
change, by means of pobtal orders, ot small sums ot
money, not exceeding fifty dollars m amount, at
such rates of exchange, and compensation to post-
masters, and under such rules and regulations as he
may deem expedient; and the expenses ot estab-
lishing and conducting such system of exchange may
be paid out of the proceeds of the money-order
business.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 106. That in case of the sickness or unavoidable
absence from his office of the postmaster 01 any
money-order post office, be may, with th® approval
ot the Postmaster General, autnorize the chiei cleric
or some other clerk employed therein to act m bis
place, and to discharge all the duties required law
of such postmasters: Provided, Abattheofficial bond
given by the principal of the office shall be held to
cover and apply to the acts oi the person appointed to
act in his place in such eases: Awt provided fuithrr.
That, such acting officer shall, for the-time bein^ b!
subject to all the liabilities and penalties PreaoaUd
by law tor the official misconduct xn like cases, ot the
postmaster for whom heshall act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [one
hundred and eight] one hundred and seven,
line two. to strike out the words less than
one nor ;" so that it will read :
riosi 107. That no money order shall be
issued for more than fifty dollars, and the fees
therefor shall be for orders not exceeding ten dol-
lars, five cents, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
