1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Chap CCCLIL—An Act for the Completion
and Publication of the Medical and Surgical
llisioiy of the Rebellion.
Be it aiacted by the Seriate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Cong reus assembled, Ihat tbe Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, directed to have
completed the Medical and Surgical History
of the War, by the preparation in the office of
the Surgeon General of two volumes of eight-
een hundred pages, in addition to the first
volume already compiled and printed under
authority of Congress, and he is hereby author-
ized to have executed as he may deem advis-
able. the necessary engraving and lithographing
therefor, at an expense not to exceed sixty
thousand dollars, which shall be paid out of
any money in the Treasury nototherwise appro-
priated.
Sec. 2. That five thousand copies each of
the second and third volumes be printed and
bound by the Congressional Printer, to be dis-
tributed with the first volume already printed,
as may be hereafter directed by Congress.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLIII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled ''An Act supplementary to an Act
to provide for furnishing Artificial Limbs
to Disabled Soldiers," approved June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and seventy. *
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. Itiat the acts approved
J une seventeen, eighteen hundred and seventy,
and June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy,
for supplying artificial limbs, or commutation
for the same, to officers, soldiers, and seamen,
shall apply to all officers, non-commissioned
officers, enlisted and hired men of the land
and navy I forces of the United States, who. in
the line of their duty as such, shall have lost
limbs or sustained bodily injuries depriving
them of the use of any of their limbs, to be
determined by the Surgeon General of the
Army.
Sec. 2. That the transportation allowed for
having artilicial limbs fitted shall be furnished
by the Quartermaster General of the Army,
the cost of which shall be refunded from the
approptiationi for invalid pensions.
Sec. o. That the term of five years specified
in the first section of the act approved June
seventeen, eighteen hundred and seventy, enti-
tled "An act to provide for furnishing artificial
limbs to disabled soldiers," shall be held to
commence in each case with the filing of the
application under that act.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCL1V.—An Act granting the Eight
of Way thiough the Public Lands to the
Denver and Rio Grande Railway Com-
pany.
Be it enacted by the Senate, and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the right of way
over I fie public domain, one hundred feet in
widih on each side of the track, together with
such public lauds adjacent thereto as may be
needed for depots, shops, and other buildings
for i.iiltoad purposes, and tor yard room and
side tracks, not exceeding t.weuty acres at any
one station, and not more than one station in
every ten miles, and the right to take from
the public lands adjacent thereto stone, tim-
ber, eaith, water, and other material required
lor ihe consi ruction and repair of its railway
and telegraph line be, and tlie same are hereby,
granted ami continued unto the Denver and
iiio Grande Railway Company, a corporation
created under the incorporation laws of the
'l'erritoiy of Colorado, its successors aud
assigns ; and all the rights, powers, and fran-
chises conferred by the said laws on corpora-
tions created under them for constructing and
operating railroad and telegraph lines are
hereby ratified and confirmed to the above-
named railway company, its successors and
assigns; and the same rights, powers, and
franchises conferred by the general incorpor-
ation laws of the Territory of Colorado for the
construction of railroads and telegraph lines,
are hereby granted to the said company, its
successors and assigns, for the extension and
operation of its railway and telegraph line in
and through any contiguous territory of the
United States to the northern boundary line
of Mexico, subject to the compliance with the
conditions and requirements of the general
incorporation laws of such Territory so far as
the same are applicable and not inconsistent
with the laws of the United States; and the
same rights, powers, and privileges conferred
upon the Union Pacific Railroad Company by
section three of an act approved July second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, are hereby
conferred upon the above-named company,
its successors and assigns: Provided, That
applications for tbe assessment of damages
shall be made to the court, or any judge of a
court having jurisdiction in the county in which
the lands or premises lie: Provided, That
said company shall complete its railway to a
point on the Rio Grande as tar south as Santa
Fe within five years of the passage of this act,
and shall complete fi[f]ty miles additional
south of said point in each year thereafter,
and in default thereof, tbe rights and privi-
leges herein granted shall be rendered null
and void so far as respects the unfinished por-
tion of said road : And provided further, That
nothing in this act contained shall be^ con-
strued as affirming or denying the right of
any Territory to incorporate a railroad com
pany.
Appp.oved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLY.—An Act to grant an Ameri-
can Register to the British Brig Balear.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
tlie Treasury is hereby authorized and directed
to issue an American register to the Ameri-
can-built British brig Balear, recently pur-
chased and repaired by G-eihard Wessels, of
the city and State of New York.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLVI.— All Act to reimburse United
States Marshals for Moneys necessarily
Expended by them in taking the Ninth Cen-
sus in Excess of the Compensation allowed
them under the law in force before the
passage of this Act.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Mates of America in
Congress assembled, 1 hat when it is made to
appear by proof satisfactory to the Secretary
of the Interior that, m taking the ninth census,
the total disbursements ot any United States
district marshal, necessarily rnaoe, have been
in excess of his total receipts on account of
services rendered by him in taking said cen-
sus, the Secretary of the Interior may allow
such marshal such a sum, in addition to what
has been heretofore allowed him, as shall be
found necessary to reimburse such marshal
for such excess of necessary expenditure, not
exceeding one thousand dollars in any one
case; and there is hereby appropriated, out
of any money iu the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, such sum as may be necessary
to carry out the provisions of this act,
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLVII.—kn Let to prefect [perfect]
certain Land Titles therein described.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to
permit the purchase, with cash or military
bounty-land warrants, of such lands as may
have been located with claims arising under
the seventh clause of the second article of the
treaty of September thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, at such price per acre as
the Secretary of the Interior shall deem equi-
table and proper, but not at a less price than
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, and
that owners and holders of such claims in good
faith be also permitted to complete their entries,
and to perfect their titles under such claims
upon compliance with the terms above men-
tioned: Provided, That it shall be shown to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior that said claims are held by innocent par-
ties in good faith, and that the locations made
under such claims have been made in good
faith and by innocent holders of the same.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLVIII.—An Act in Relation to
Settlers on certain Indian Reservations in
the State of Minnesota.
Beit enacted by the Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act of Congress
approved March sixth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, entitled " An act, for the relief of
settlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation
in the State of Minnesota," be. and the same
is hereby, so amended as to allow the settlers
therein provided for until the first day of
March, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
seventy-four, in which to make proof and
payment for their claims.
Sec. 2. That the settlers on the Fort Ridgely
military reservation in Minnesota bo allowed
until the first day of March, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and seventy-four, in which
to make proof and payment for their claims.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLIX.—An Act granting the Right
of Way through the Public Lands to the
Pensacola and Louisville Railroad Company
of Alabama.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the right of way
through the public lands be, and the same is
hereby, granted to the Pensacola and Louis-
ville Railroad Company of Alabama, for the
construction of a railroad. And the right is
hereby granted to said corporation to take,
from the public lands adjacent to the line of
said road, material for the construction of said
road. Said way is granted to said company
to the extent of one hundred feet on each side
of said road where it may pass through the
public lands; also the necessary lands for
stations, buildings, depots, workshops, ma-
chine-shops, side-tracks, switches,turn-tables,
and water stations, not to exceed forty acres
in any place. The acceptance of the provis-
ions of this act by the said company, and a
map ot the location of the road, and the lauds
to be reserved for buildings and uses of said
road, shall be filed with the Secretary of the
Interior, within one year from the passage of
this act: and the road shall be finished within
five years horn the passage of this act. Said
, road shall be a post and military road, and
I shall have the power of making running con-
I nectious for the transportation of mails,
| tary and naval supplies, passengers, and
I freights of all kinds, and the running of freight
