804
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
cars, without the breaking of bulk, whenever
the interests of the public and of commerce
between the States will be advanced thereby,
with any other road which has heretofore
received, or may hereafter receive, aid from
the United States for the construction thereof,
on fair and equitable terms, and pro rata
between the roads, in proportion to the length
of the several roads; and in the event of a
disagreement between the said road and any
other road having so received a'id from the
United States for the construction thereof,
and connecting with the said Pensacola and
Louisville railroad, then the Secretary of the
Interior shall establish such rates for the trans-
portation of mails, freights, and passengers,
and running connections as are herein pro-
vided for, and also establish such regulations
as may be requisite for the enforcement of the
provisions of this act. Congress shall, in its
discretion, have the power to alter, amend,
or repeal this act. Nothing in this act shall
be so construed as to invalidate the claim of
any actual pre-emption or homstead settlers.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLX.—An Act donating Condemned
Cannon and Cannon Balis to certain Organ-
izations for Monumental Purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he hereby is, authorized to deliver, if
the same can be done without detriment to the
Government, four condemned caution and six-
teen cannon balls to each of the following-
named organizations, for the purpose of orna-
menting burial grounds of deceased soldiers:
To the John Russell Lowell Encampment,
Post Number seven, Grand Army of the
Republic, of Boston, Massachusetts.
To the second regiment infantry, National
Guards, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
To the Philip H. Sheridan Post Number
thirty-four, Grand Army of the Republic, of
Salem, Massachusetts.
To the mayor of the city of Worcester,
Massachusetts.
To the State Fencibles, of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania.
To the commissioners of the State of New
York, for erecting a monument on the grave
of Baron Steuben, in the town of Steuben,
New York.
To the trustees of Riverside Cemetery,
Waterbury, Connecticut.
To the Soldiers' Monument Association of
Middletown, Connecticut.
To the Soldiers' Monument Association of
Meriden, Connecticut.
To the Soldiers aud Sailors' Monument As-
sociation of Lebanon, Pennsylvania.
To the Post Number one hundred and forty-
six, Grand Army of the Republic, at Shenan-
doah, Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania.
To the Soldiers' Monument Association of
Kane county, Illinois.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXF.—An Act for the Relief of
the State of Connecticut and other States.
Whereas the Treasury Department has
decided that vouchers presented by the State
of Connecticut for reimbursement, under the
act of July twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred
seventy-one [sixty-one], of amounts paid to
second assistant and other surgeons, for ser-
vices rendered in connection with raising and
organizing \oiuuteers within the State during
the rebellion, are not admissible under the
law, for the reason that the employment of
the said medical officers was not authorized
prior to the act of July second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixto-two; and whereas it appears
that said officers actually rendered said ser-
vices, and were paid in good faith by the said
State, and were subsequently mustered or
employed in the service of the United States:
Therefore,
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed, out
of any money appropriated to continue the
settlement of accounts presented under the
act of July twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, to pay to the Governor of Con-
necticut, or to his duly authorized agents, any
amounts advanced by the said State, in pay-
ment of extra surgeons or assistant surgeons
for services rendered prior to their muster
into the service of the United States; the
said claims to be settled upon proper vouchers
to be filed and passed upon by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury.
Sec. 2. That where the vouchers of other
States, for payments made to extra surgeons
or assistant surgeons of militia or volunteers
accepted into the service of the United States,
are situated similarly with those of Connecti-
cut, the Treasury Department adjust and set-
tle them according to the provisions of the
foregoing section.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXII.—An Act authorizing_ the
Construction of a Public Building at Phil-
adelphia, Pennsylvania, for the use of the
Post Office and United States Courts in
said City.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to purchase a lot of ground in the
city of Philadelphia,-in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, suitable for a site for the accommo-
dation of the post office and United States
courts in said city, either adjoining the site of
the present building used for said purpose, or
elsewhere in said city, and to erect a building
thereon at a cost, including the cost of the
ground and premises so purchased, not ex-
ceeding the sum of one million live bundled
thousand dollars ; the plans for said building
to be approved by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Postmaster General: Provided,
That no money which may hereafter be appro-
priated for this purpose shall be used or ex-
pended for the purposes herein mentioned
until a valid title to the land for the site of
such building shall be vested in the United
States, and until the State of Pennsylvania
shall cede its jurisdiction over the same, and
shall also duly release and extinguish to the
United States the right to tax or in any way
assess said site, and the property of the United
States that may be thereon, during the time
that the United States shall be or remain the
owners thereof.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXIII.—An Act to authorize the
Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas Rail-
road Company to ran Trains and transport
Freight and Passengers within the District
of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be lawful
for the Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas
Railroad Company, a corporation chartered
under the laws of the State of Virginia, to
exercise its functions as a common carrier,
and transport passengers and freight within
the District of Columbia, and for this purpose
shall have authority to run locomotives and
trains upon aDd over the bridge which has
been constructed by the Baltimore aud Poto-
mac Railroad Company across the Po'omac
river at the western terminus of Maryland
avenue, in the city of Washington, upon the
terms aud conditions prescribed in the act of
Congress granting to said Baltimore and Poto-
mac Railroad Company the privilege to con-
struct and operate said bridge ; and the said
Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad
Company may put down a single track along
Maryland avenue from its western terminus
to its intersection with the Washington canal,
now in process of being filled up, and thence
by a curve southwardly along the ground
heretofore occupied by the said canal to the
intersection of D or E streets south, as may
be determined by the engineer in charge of
the public buildings and grounds, aud thence
along one of said streets by a tunnel under the
public grounds east of the Capitol building,
upon such route and in such manner as the
said engineer may prescribe, to Second or
Third street east; thence along said Second
or Third street to the line of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad ; and the track of said rail-
road company, except so much thereof as is
laid in the said tunnel or its approaches, shall
conform to the grade of the streets occupied
as above, as shall be prescribed by the Board
of Public Works; and any damage caused to
the property of individuals by the construc-
tion of said railroad shall be paid by said
Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad
Company: Provided, That the said Orange,
Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad Company
shall pay to the District of Columbia one half
of the cost of arching the Washington canal
from Maryland avenue to the street on which
the said railroad track enters the tunnel afore-
said : And provided further, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed to grant
to said company the right to establish a depot
along said avenue or streets until consent for
the same has first been obtained from the.
Legislative Assembly of the District of
Columbia.
Sec. 2. That Congress shall have the right
to regulate the rates of fare collected by said
company from passengers, and the rates of
charge for the transportation of freight per
ton per mile for all freight passing into the
District of Columbia on said railroad shall be
not more than the rates charged per ton per
mile on that part of the said Orange, Alex-
andria, and Manassas railroad not in the said
District; and that all property owned by said
company within said District shall be subject
to taxation by the proper municipal authority,
and Washington city shall be considered as a
terminal point, and entitled to all the priv-
ileges and facilities of any other terminal
points on said road.
Sec. 3. That said railroad company shall
give to other railroad companies connecting
therewith the right to pass through and use
said tunnel, on such reasonable terms as may
be agreed upou between the respective parlies
or Congress prescribe.
Sec. 4. That this act may be at any time
amended or repealed by Congress.
Appkoved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXIY.—An Act to authorize the
Building of the New Mexico and Gulf Rail-
way, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the New Mexico
and Gulf Railway Company have, and there
is hereby granted to them, their successors and
assigns, a strip of land one hundred feet wide
oil each side of the centre line of a railway
route extending from the northwestern bound-
