1752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1(>,
take which was made in locating the Capitol
building where it now is, instead of placing it
about the line of First street, east. The doubt
which still obtains upon the point of reducing
the grade has retarded improvements upon
those squares which would be affected by that
change, which outlie the limits to the Capitol
grounds which I have described. I can state,
1 believe, without violatingany confidence, that
there is a proposition to build a mammoth
hotel upon the square immediately east of the
House wing of the capirol. fronting on First
street east and the Capitol grounds.
This proposed hotel is to be fitted up more
pariieuLnly lor the accommodation ot' mem-
bers of Congress and their families, visitors to
tbe national Capitol, and the traveling public;
and lilac negotiation hangs to day unclosed 111
consequence of the doubts resting upon this
qu -stion. Within t.he last year a tine block of
houses, costing hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars, lias been erecied on East Capitol street,
by an enterprising citizen, and they are to-
day imperiled by ibis question of tbe change
of grade aromni the Capi:ol building; nor can
that, fine row of houses be provided safely
with any pavement in front of them until this
question of ihe grounds is settled, and the
grade, which is a necessary question involved
in the exieu-i mi, is settled.
There is this consideration which may be
mentioned also: the march of improvement
in this city will not wait a great while the
tardy action of Congress in securing proper
protection to the public buildings. Whether
the United States will complete its necessary
work or not, the citizens of the District of
Columbia propose to do their part of it, and
this will involve necessarily a large expendi-
ture of money upon Capitol Hill for improve-
ments which will ultimately have to be changed
by the action of Congress itself. Those im-
provements must necessarily enhance the value
of properly upon Capitol Hill, as they are en-
hancing the value of property in the western
portion of the city, and they cannot fail to
have their effect upon this measure and the
squares which it is proposed to take in;
so that while we may to-day or this summer
purchase, by the consent of the property-
owuers, these squares at less than their actual
value, and less than the maximum figures 1
have given, $500,000, I do not believe that
they can he purchased a year or two hence for
much less than double the sum, so that econ-
omy would dictate their purchase at this time.
The rapid growth of Capitol Hill will astonish
any one who has not watched it for the last five
years. This growii.g population, comprising
our intelligent and enterprising citizens, should
not he cut off from other poitioris of the city,
as they now are practically, by this impassable
ground around tue Capitol.
This, Mr. Speaker, is not a local improve-
ment. it is not an improvement which will
materially affect the property interests of the
people of the District of Columbia. I do not
speak upon this question as the representative
alone ot the people of the District of Colum-
bia, but I urge this measure upon the House
as of naiional importance. We should not
only protect the public faith and tbe public
credit, but we should protect the nation from
the disgrace and humiliation which will attend
a postponement of this question of completing
the surroundings of the national Capitol build
iug. You may expend from year to year, ten,
fifteen, ortvventy 1 housand dollars, as you have
been doing, but as was truthfully said by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Air. Botijsr,]
the other day, m the discussion which was
sprung upou the House upon this question,
those appropriations are ma.de only to fill up
the places which are made waste agaiu by the
storms of the fall and winter.
1 ask any gentleman here if he has perceived
in the last ton years any material improvement
in the grounds surrouuding the Capitol build-
ing. Our citizens are beautifying and build-
ing up the city several squares from these
grounds, but they dare not expend money
where you desire it, and they desire, for fear
it will be lost to them. I came in here to day,
Mr. Speaker, somewhat unexpectedly to say a
word upon this subject, because tbe House will
be called upon to meet the issue probably dur-
ing the coming week. The Senate has for sev-
eral years, and almost with unanimity, insisted
upon making a sufficient appropriation to pur-
chase these two squares and complete these
grounds, and year after year the House, from
a sense of economy, and doubting probably the
propriety of making the purchase, have struck
out the appropriation.
1 hope that this year the usual opposition
will not be made to this extensiou. 1 do
not believe the time will ever come when
the Government can better affoid to make
this purchase, and 1 trust theie will be no
more delay in the matter. I am looking
into a not distant future which shall pre-
sent in Washington a ci'y that shall illustrate
the great characteristics of our people. If
the (iovernment of the United States would
pay to the authorities of the District of Co-
lumbia its fair proportion of the tax upon its
own property, we would make this city a great
one and a beautiful one without further cost
to the UuLed States, and would agree also to
make this purchase which I am now Urging.
On this near future the people whom 1 have
the honor to represent propose to make their
impress. We ask that the United States shall
not retard us in that work by refusing to do
that which all must see is a necessity, and for
the doing of which the United States has itself
given its pledge.
Let us, then, no longer, while we point
with pride to this great building, and exhibit
to our friends and visitors its beauties and
the glory of its architecture ; let us no longer
be obliged, as we conduct them from this
splendid monument to American taste, to
apologize for the shabby, mean, and dis-
graceful condition of its surroundings.
This is not in any sense a sectional ques-
tion, and those who favor this measureare the
representatives of no section. The discussion
which was sprung upon the House the other
day developed in a few minutes the fact that
it has the support of Representatives from
ocean to ocean. 1 hops, then, that no lake
economy, that 110 dread of the responsibilities
of the presidential year, that no possible and
not probable effect on the reelection of any
member of Congress; in short, that no per-
sonal reasons, will be urged against the meas-
ure at this time.
I had hoped, Mr. Speaker, to have secured
time from my ottier duties to have prepared
with some care the reasons for making this
extension of the Capitol grounds at this time,
and I had thought of presenting them ill con-
nection with a bill for this purpose winch I
introduced at the beginning of the session.
But the probability is that the question will
have to be met, coming to us from the other
branch of Congress, before the bill can be
reported which I introduced. This, sir, is my
apology for stating in this cursory and pos-
sibly disjointed manner the reasons in support
of this measure.
PROTECTION TO AMERICAN LABOK.
Mr. KELLEY. It will doubtless seem to
all an act of temerity on my part to attempt
an impromptu reply to the carefully prepared,
plausible, and elaborate speech of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb.] But his
remarks are of such grave import that, coining
as tbev do from a leading member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, I feel that they
should not be permitted to go to the country
without an immediate response. It would, in
my judgment, be detrimental to the best inter-
ests of the country to permit them to go forth
without an immediate rejoinder ; and 1 there-
fore propose, rash as tbo act may aeem, to
offer as well as I can without preparation a
few suggestions in opposition to the views the
gentleman has presented with such an air of
confidence.
I will not, as the gentleman from Indiana
has so often done, impugn the motives of those
who disagree with me 111 opinion. I will not
doubt, or invite others to doubt, the honesty,
patriotism, and integrity of purpose of the gen-
tleman, or that of tnose who believe with him.
I know him to be honest in every utterance he
has made to-day. I know that he holds his
faith on this subject as a religion. No loving
disciple of Mohammed, of Ann Lee, or ot
Brigham Young ever btlieved with more tm-
donbtiug laith in the dogmas of the founder
of his sect than the genileman from Indiana
does in the delusive maxims of the sophist
Bastiat. I shall meet him with equ^l frank-
ness, and I believe he will give m« credit for
believing with equal sincerity the views I
express.
1 meet the gentleman, sir, at the very thresh-
old of his argument. His fundamental pro-
position is that the Government has 110 right
to impose a duty on goods imported into the
country except for purpose of revenue. This
I deny, and say that it is the duty of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to maintain the
autonomy, the life of the nation, and ihe sp rit
and principle ofthat life; to main tain that system
of Government which, according equal rights
to all, exacts equal and intelligent duties from
all. This, sir, involves the maintenance by
the laborers of tbe country of family and home,
and that, at the cost of so small a portion of
their earnings that they shall also be able to
send their children to the public schools thrown
wide open throughout the country, and pos-
sibly to the free colleges endowed by the States
or by private munificence. To the existence of
a Government resting upon the virtue and in-
telligence of the people this is essential. It is
no boon to the laborer. It is the duty of the
Government'as the only means of keeping firm
and unshaken the foundation upon which our
republican institutions rest.—intelligent pop-
ular opinion. Noihing is more apparent to
me than that the Government and people of
this country may defend their rights and in-
stitutions by peaceable measures, as well as
by those implied by the maintenance of a
standing Army and a Navy.
The speech of the gentleman as it goes broad-
cast through the country will cause many a shud-
der and many a sigh in the homes of our work-
ing people. It adjudges the standard of their
wages to be those given in other lands. It
holds up England, France, and Belgium as the
exemplars we should follow. Sir, there are in
this country more than a million toiling farm-
ers, artisans, and laborers who have fled from
the blessings of Belgium, the Zollverein, and
Great Britain; and they know that a system
of customs duties equivalent to the difference
between American wages and those paid in
the lands from which they fled is the harrier
that defends their homes and families, and
their ability to send their children to school
for the education required to qualify American
citizens for the intelligent performance of their
civic duties.
Belgium I says the gentleman. Sir, the
gentleman's kind heart should have corrected
his head there. In the coal mines of Indiana,
women and children do not work. In the
iron furnaces now rising rapidly throughout
the whole southern region ot the gentleman's
State, there are no budding girls, no matrons
leaving their young children at home while
they toil as forgemeu, ordo the drudgery of the
furnace. How is it in Belgium ? The coal of
Belgium is largely mined by women and girls.
The unskilled drudgery ot the iron Itirnace is
there done by women and girls. In the glass
factory the men retain the light work of blow-
ing and molding, while women and girls do
the rough labor of hauling the coal and other
materials and removing the heated refuse of
