1872.
fEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
3545
than two hundred, I think, or something like
that.
Mr. CALDWELL. About one hundred.
Mr. PRATT. Again I desire to learn how
much of this seventy thousand acre reserve,
mentioned in the treaty of 1854, remains unal-
lotted.
Mr. HARLAN. A little les3 than ten thou-
sand acres.
Mr. POMEROY. And the school section.
Mr. PRATT. I move to amend the amend-
ment to the amendment, on page 4, section
four, line seven, by inserting after the word
"Miamies" the words "including in said
census those persons of Miami blood or de-
scent for whom provision was made by the
third section of the act of June 12, 1858."
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to
that, if the honorable Senator will modify it
by adding the words " if, in the opinion of the
Secretary of the Interior, said Indians are
entitled thereto under treaty stipulations."
Mr. PRATT. I have no objection to that
modification. I had prepared another amend-
ment in case this was not satisfactory to the
committee, as follows: by inserting in line
nine, after the word treaty, the words ''having
reference to the interpretation of that treaty,
made by Congress in the third section of the
act of June 12, 1858;" so that in taking
the census this provision in (he law of 1858
should be distinctly before the Secretary of
the Interior.
Mr. HARLAN. The modification I sug-
gest, however, will render it unnecessary to
move that amendment.
Mr. PRATT. Very well; I have no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. POMEROY. This opens a question
which has been a disputed one for a long
time.
Mr. HARLAN. Somebody has got to
settle it.
Mr. POMEROY. That is true, and I think
the Department may as well settle it as any-
body.
Mr. PRATT. The Department can settle
it better than we can here.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment to the amend-
ment as modified.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment in section four, line seven, by
inserting after the word "Miamies" the words
"including in said census those persons of
Miami blood or descent for whom provision
was made by the third section of the net of
June 12, 1858, if in the opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Interior the said Indians are enti-
tled thereto under treaty stipulations."
' Mr. POMEROY. I will say in this connec-
tion that I do not understand the relations of
these different Miamies very well, arid I never
did. There are Indiana Miamies and Kansas
Miamies, and there has been a controversy
bstween them. I do not know enough about
the case to say whether the Indiana Miamies
are or are not entitled. 1 only know that the
Miamies of my State say that they are not, and
they have contested it a long time. I am not
able to decide the question.
Mr. PRATT. It seems that Congress,_ in
1858, had this question before them. I find
in the third section of the act of that date, to
which reference is made in my amendment,
the following provision:
"And said Secretary is also authorized and directed
to cause to be located for such persons each two
hundred, acres of land out ot tbe tract of seventy
thousand acres reserved by the second article ot t ic
treaty of June 5. 18o4, to the Miamies, to be held by
such persons by the same tenure as the locations ot
individuals are held which have been made unuer
the third article of said treaty."
Mr. POMEROY. That is the act the Kansas
Miamies complain about.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state to my honor-
able friend from Indiana that the Attorney
general has ruled that these Indians were not
properly entitled to annuities or lands tinder
the treaty,'notwithstanding that act; that the
act itself was in violation of the treaty j but I
am perfectly willing that the whole subject
shall be examined by the head of the proper
Department, and I think in fact he is the
proper person to do it.
Mr. PRATT. We are agreed as to that;
but I beg leave to inquire of my friend if he
refers to the opinion of Attorney General
Speed made on the 26th of October, 1865,
which I have here? This opinion of the
Attorney General seems to sustain the act of
1858.
Mr. HARLAN. An opinion has been ren-
dered since then; I am not sure by what Attor-
ney General; I think as late as 1867 or 1868.
Mr. POMEROY. As we agree to leave the
matter to the Department, I do not think we
need discuss it here.
Mr. CALDWELL. There has been a great
deal of trouble in regard to this bill. We
have had delegations here on both sides of this
question. The treaty of 1854 provided that if
any Indians should he overlooked or excluded
they should be entitled to be put on the list,.
In 1808 a list was made out of some Indians
who were absent before, and the whole trouble
has originated by the adding of that list. The
Kansas Miamies, the western Miamies, alleged
that a good many persons were put on the list
who were not Miami Indiana. It is pretty hard
to tell now whether they are Miami Indians or
not. But I only wish to say that this hill does
not, entirely meet with my approbation ; yet it.
is the best bill the committee could agree
upon, and as the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana now provides that the Secretary
of the Interior shall decid(! whether these In-
dians were Miamies and are entitled to the
benefits of the bill or not., 1 am perfectly
wilimg to let it pass in that shape. 1 desired
to say thus much because I have been impor-
tuned by both parties on this question, and I
think this is probably the best thing we can do.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to tho Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. IJARLAN the title of the
bill was amended so as to read: "An act pro-
viding for the sale of the reserved landsof the
Miami Indians, and for other purposes."
MRS. FANNY KRLLY.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 13.
The motion was agreed to; and tbe Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 13) for the relief of
Mrs. Fanny Kelly. It provides for the pay-
ment to Mrs. Fanny Kelly of $5,000 in full
for property taken and destroyed hy the Sioux
Indians in the year 1864. This sum is to be
taken from any money in the Treasury which
is due or which may become due the QruNs,
the Ogallalla, the Sans Arc, and the Minne-
conjou bands of Sioux Indians, in proportion
to the amount which may be due the several
bands.
The bill was reported to tho Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
pottawatomie indians.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that tho Senate
take up for consideration Senate bill No. 911.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 944) to provide for the claims of the Pot-
tawatomie Indians residing in Michigan and
Indiana was read the second lime, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for the payment of $152,002 90 to the
bands of Pottawatomie Indians residing in
Michigan and Indiana, that sum being the
amount of annuities due them to this date,
under treaties 'with them arid with the Potta-
watomie nation, as well as an amount equal
to a capital that would yield annuities which
are due them forever under existing treaties ;
but these Indians, being recognized and de-
clared citizens of the United Slates, are to
express their willingness to accept these sums
in full of all demands or claims arising out of
any and all treaties and agreements heretofore
made with the nation and bands in which
these bands have an interest.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SALK OP COAI. LANDS.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
take up Senate bill No. 586.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
givo wfor the coal bill. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thurman] is not able to remain, -
and he has his amendments prepared.
Mr. IlARLAN, I have two more bills, but
I will give way if there will be no debate on
the coal bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that we take a vote
on tho coal bill, which has been up several
times.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I have no
objection to the coal bill being taken up, hut
the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Hofi-
khtson] has asked to be present when that
bill is considered. If lie were present I would
not object to proceeding with it.
Mr. THUUMAN. I do not think he will
object to it after he hears the amendments
which have been prepared. Let him be sent
for.
Mr. CORBETT. My impression is that the
Senator from South Carolina withdrew his
objection.
Mr. STEWART. Wo cannot keep every-
body in the Senate all the time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of tho Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 522) to provide
for the sale of the lands of the United Stales
containing coal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment to this hill will be reported by
the Secretary.
The Chief Cmskk. An amendment was sub-
mitted by the Senatorfrnm Oregon [Mr. Cou-
iikttJ to strike out" ten, " in line thirteen, and
insert " five and that amendment the Sen-
ator from South Carolina [Mr. Rohektsom]
moved to amend by striking out " live " and
inserting " twenty."
Mr. CORBICTT. The Senator from South
Carolina stated to me that if I would not press
my amendment he would withdraw his.
Mr. STEWART, (to Mr. Cowjett.) With-
draw yours and let it drop.
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator from Nevada
is very anxious to pass the hill, and I withdraw
my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER'. Ifthe amend-
ment is withdrawn the amendment to the
amendment falls.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Now, I
think it nothing but fair that the Senator from
South Carolina should be present. It is his
amendment, anil he will be here in a lew mo-
ments, I hope Senators will not press the bill
until he comes in.
Mr. STEWART. lie can move his amend-
ment afterward, when he comes in. Let us
get through with the other amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Very well.
Mr. TlltJRMAN. I move to amend the
bill in line five, section one, by insetting, alter
tho word "any," the word "incorporated or
unincorporated 80 as to read :
That any person above the aue twenfy-ono
years who iu a ciiixen of the United btates, or who
tia^ declared lii.-i intention to beeomo tsucu, or any
ineoiporuted or unincorporated association ot per-
sons, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
