1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
the States is similar to other acts donating
public lands to certain seminaries and colleges.
I repeat what I said before in ray speech, that
no authority can be found in the Constitution
to support the position taken by the advocates
of this bill; but on the contrary, we find in the
action of the Convention which framed our
Constitution the following propositions to vest
additional powers in the General Government,
namely:
"To establish a university.
" To establish seminaries for the promotion of lit-
erature and the art- and sciences.
"To establish public institutions, rewards, and
immunities, for the promotion of agriculture, com-
merce, trades, and manufactures."—Journal of the
Convention, page 261.
All these were rejected by the Convention.
Mr. Story, who, in his views on the powers of
the Federal Government, was a Federalist of
the Hamilton school, in commenting on the
rejection by the Convention of the last of the
above-stated propositions, says:
"It was a power much more broad in its extent j
than the power to encourage manufactures by the
exercise of another granted power. In truth, it
involved a direct power to establish institutions,
rewards, and immunities forall the great interests of
society, and w«s on that account deemed too broad
and sweeping. It would establish a general and not
a limited power of Government."—Story on the Con-
stitution, section 1094.
Mr. Speaker. «orne things have been said
in this deba'e which make it, necessary for me
to say something on the general subject of
education in reply. My colleague on the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] has the
very crudest conception of the true nature of
education. His estimate of education is a
mathematical one. Ilis idea is that a man
who is educated is worth about twenty-five j
per cent, more than a man who ig not. His
idea, and it is a perfectly Yankee one, is that
the object of education is to make a man
cunninsr in diplomacy, artful and crafty in war,
that it teai ties him how to take advantage of
his neighbor, helps a man to office, and much
more ot the ^ame sort.
Mr. Speaker, that idea of education is low
and debasing. The idea of the gentleman
from Massachusetts is up to the idea of educa-
tion in his own State. If education helps a
man to take advantage of his neighbor's igoo-
ranee, and at the same time keeps him out ot it
the penitentiary, that man is called "smart" ji
in -and around Boston. If education is only li
to qualify a man fir making good bargains, and jj
get the better of hi= It-llow man in a business j|
transaction, the people would be a< well off I1
without it. Tb<> idea prevalent m the region
of country represented by the gentleman from ;;
Massachusetts is that education is simply the 'j
training of a man's intellectual faculties : man 1
as a moral ami physical being is ignored. My '
idea of education is that it must develop aud jj
cultivate all the moral, intellectual, and phys- !
ical faculties possessed by man. The system !j
of educarion that simply crams a man's mtel- !j
lectual capacity, and ignores his moral and j;
p!n steal being', is partial and one-sided. The ;•
result is infidelity in reltsrion and physical jj
deterioration in the race, two of the greatest ^
evils that curse the Commonwealth of Massa- ji
chu$etts to day. _ il
Under the prevalent "notions" prevailing
there, infidelity has almost driven out the old
ideas of Puritani>m, and the doctrines of
Theodore Parker, who believed himself equal
to Jesus Christ, \lhese gentlemen from the
"hub'' are great boasters,) are taking their
place in the literary mind of Massachusetts.
Infidel doctrines too gross even for the skep-
tical mind of Germany. have found a congenial
si'il in Massachusetts" Many of her highe-t
institutions of learning, her most influential
periodicals, and her greatest scholars are iend-
iiig their aid to the spread of' a dogma destruc-
tive of the must sacred teachings of the Bible,
liund in hand with this infidelity in religion
goes a system of rationalistic philosophy bom
on the banks of the Ganges badly imitated by
Fichte in Germany and Carlyle in England,
and by Emerson introduced into Massachu-
setts. This philosopher, by whom the literati
of Boston swear, denies that God is a being
so called, but rather a supreme law or system
ot laws, destitute of what we call personality
or personal consciousness. Yet these false
systems of religion and philosophy are de-
fended by persons whom the member from
Massachusetts would call "intellectual" men-
men who have had their wits sharpened at the
expense of their higher moral natures.
Mr. Speaker, this is a sad spectacle for us
to contemplate in this the latter half of the
nineteenth century—at this time when infidel
Germany and France are making mighty efforts
to bring back the Philosophy of the Absolute
into harmony with the great Being whom we
call God, and whose attributes are infinite
power, wisdom, justice, goodness, and love.
An education that simply stores the mem-
ory with facts, or enlarges the capacity of the
judgment or understanding, leaving the moral
nature of man untouched, is but half edu-
cation. Where generous impulses are not
instilled into the soul; where high, manly vir-
tues are not implanted : where magnanimity
is not taught; where charity is wanting, there
is no true, genuine education. A member
who enjoyed such a comprehensive education
would not here in this House be continually
magnifying the faults of sister States. Such
an education causes the member from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoar] to see with the eye of a
vulture a whipping-post away off in Delaware,
but renders him as blind as an owl in the blaze
of the noonday sun to the horrible abuses of
the factory system in his own.
In reading the report of the bureau of sta-
tistics of labor made to the Legislature of
Massachusetts on the 1st day of March, 1870, a
state of things is brought to light the parallel
to which can only be found in Mrs. Btowe's
Uncle Tom's Cabin. When we recollect that
this report is a statement of actual facts of
every-day experience, made by Massachusetts
men, anxious no doubt to defend their State,
we are bound to admit that Mrs. Stosve does
not make out so bad a case against slave-
holders as this report does against the factory
system of Massachusetts. \\ c have there set
forth in detail the horrible condition of the
working classes of that State, the equal of which
can nowhere be found. It is a sickening devel-
opment of whipping and starvation; of men.
women, boys and girls, discharged because
they attempted to utter their views on the
subject of capital and labor. Even the com-
mittee appointed to investigate this system of
wrong were compelled to omit the names of
the parties testifying before them in order to
protect them from the cruelty of their mas-
ters. I give extracts from this report, that the
country may see that I have not overstated the
facts. This report is found in the legislative
document of the senate of Massachusetts for
the year 1870. On page 140 of the report the
bureau states: " Can it be possible in this Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts, favored above
States as she, is, or as her people say she is,"
&c.; we find in official form a statement ot' the
boastful character of this people, and hope the
gentleman from that Stale, before he attempts
to pull the mote out of the eye ot the gentle-
man from Delaware, will take the beam out
of his own eye :
Trithiuny •>/ 'in Overlooker of srrenieen years' expe-
ru-ncf.fire in thin country and ticclne in England,
ol a cutiun-i,nU.
"Worked in Kngland under the ten-hour law; is
familiar with the system of inspection m i-mgiana;
has scon an m.-rector enter disguised as a laborer:
he lurbade anv one leave the i-k-ui until .iSlci the
i;l-,pectio!i: found tin] t\ or ni.<re eiuldren wo: k.ng
(, atr.ii v to law, for which the owner wa? lined. A ow
w.irks eleven hours per day. except Saturday; thinks
tiiero are mam children under tineeu yeais ot age;
according to the bes-t of my knowledge, 1 believe
there are one hundred and fifty under that age m too
room in winch X am employed; one, a girl, measur-
ing four feet five inches high, weighing sixty-two
pounds: another, about the same height, weighina
sixty-tour and a half pounds; think they are about
eleven years of age. These children are poor, ema-
ciated, and sickly; none of them have attended school
during the past year. Six years ago I ran night-work
from six forty-five p. m. to six a. m„ with forty-fivo
minutes for meals, eating in the room. The children
were drowsy and sleepy; have known them to fall
asleep standing up at their work. Some of these
children are now working in the mill, and appear to
be under fifteen years of age. I have had to sprinkle
water m their laces to arouse them, after having
spoken to them till hoarse; this was done gently,
without any intention of hurting them."
Testimony of an Operative.
t 'Had worked at Lawrence; discharged for agitat-
ing the ten-hour movement. Wife and boy work in
mill. There are very many children under ten years
employed in mills at . Persons boarding in
factory houses must leave the house when they leave
the mill. (This is at Lawrence.) Married women
with families have been compelled to work over
hours, and on refusal have been discharged. Came
to United States because he expected to better his
condition, but thinks the liberties enjoyed by a fac-
tory operative are greater in England than here;
and his advantages are better, and these is more
freedom and social intercourse among the work
people. There the overseers, or overlookers, as they
are called, are less authoritative and overbearing. An
agent there is caiied ' superintendent,' (or 'super,')
and the owner ot the mill is known as the 'master.'
" Under a period of prosperity there the working-
men's privileges are greater tnan here. They have
more liberty to.diseuss wages, grievances, &C, Their
unions are acknowledged by capital. The secretary
of the masters' association corresponds with the sec-
retary of the workmen's ussoo.ation, invites a meet-
ing of committees of tile two parties to discuss the
points of dispute, and these are generally arranged
by such committees. Men are never discharged tor
taking part in trades or labor questions, and this is
agreed to and enforced by the constitution of the
masters' association. If discharged at all from one
mill, workmen can go and work m any other mill
m the same place; and lur every hour lost by inter-
ference of employer he is hel I responsible by law."
Testimony of Mis: .
"In case of accidents the corporation pays nothing
in support of the party injured, neither is the pay
continued. I have known persons to be discharged
for participating in labor-reiorm movements. lam
liable to be discharged for coming here il it is known.
Many years ago I worked tout teen hours per day; I
have seen the time during the last tive years when
between five and six o'clock I could have Iain down
between the looms and gone without my surper. T ho
effect of factory life upon children is bid; they grow
poor. I have seen children look like dwarts, stunted
both physically and mentally. It disqualifies women
for household work. I think a reduction ot the hours
of lahor to eight would i esult in good t o all. Xbe only
chance for a poor working girl, who is not marred, is
to work; and it she is sick and has no home the may
go to the alins-houso. The factories are becoming
more oppressive; they have just cut down the weav-
ers seven cents on a dollar. The ho use where I board
has eighteen rooms, consisting of the kitchen, one
sitting room, two dining rooms, and fourteen sleep-
ing rooms. There are tilty-three persons in the house.
The largest sleeping room is sixteen by twenty test,
eleven foot post; it contains six, beds, occupied by
twelve persons ; there is no stove and no water in the
room. The attic is twenty-five by eleven feet, tea
feet high in the highest pait; it contains three beds
occupied by six persons; there is but one window in
the room, and that does not let down at tho top."
Testimony of .
"I am a superintendent of a cotton-mill, ofexperi-
enee in this country and Europe, employing a largo
number ot operatives, several hundred ot whom aro
children. There are no more than one half of the
children that can write their names at all. and many
of those who call do it but impertectly. There is no
system ot schooling, aud but a small portion have
attended sehuo'i at all." * * 4 ** *
" At this moment, spite of all law, children under
fifteen yearsol age, ami some under ten, are employed
m lactones all over the State eleven hours a day.
And this is known from returns received by tho
bureau of statistics of labor, wherein the fact is
confessed, aud the law is confessedly too weak to
reach and remedy the luisehief.'-' * * •'
"Next we entered a room Occupied by II Me ,
wife, and three boys, at a rent of St 2o a week.
Here the plastering was broken down, the walls
daik and damp, and no furni: ure whatever in tho
room exceot a mattress and some trunks piled in a
corner. The window* had beentaken out to expel
tno tenants, the man bemgout of work. Iiieffomnn
had been sheltered by a iriend in Cambridge. Tho
fatner and three boys had slept on the floor during
the stormy mght of the ISch, ami those of the l'jth
and 20tu of December, without fire or covering
except their own clothing." * . *' .
" In another room on t.to Sower floor, immediately
over a fell ir fall ot st.nehj water, were a mm and
wife. As yet, the only 1'arniniro they nad was a bed
in ilie corner, and a iutie file "f wood m tae tiro-
place. The woiium asked us to looii mto the ccuar_,
which vrc in<p- elcd by mouus <>i a lighted roll 01
Liewspiiptir, iiui were driven out by tuo stencil
and rcckhi" a imp and dirt. In the whole yard are
thirteen i«umho3 eont;uniiur thirty-six porsons, oo*
cupying tweire rooxus."
