1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2b se%s.
ary of New Mexico, as near as practicable to
the junction of the San Juan with the Rio
Man cos, through Santa Fe county, and down
the Pecos river valley to the passage of said
i'r-cos river into the State of Texas, at or near
the thirty-second parallel, upon a route to be
surveyed atid designated by a competent
engineer, as a right of way, together with the
necessary lands for depots, stations, side-
tracks, and other needful uses in operating
said road and a telegraph line, not exceeding
twenty acres at any one place: Provided,
That the location for depots, stations and side-
tracks shall not exceed for the whole line of
said road more than one location of twenty
acres for every ten miles of the same, and
when made upon surveyed lands shall conform
to Government surveys.
Sec. 2. That said company shall, within six
months after the location of any section of
twenty miles or more of their said road, if the
same be upon surveyed land, and if upon un-
surveyed land, their within six months after
the survey thereof by the United States, file a
plat of such located section, together with
proof thereof, wirh a register of the land office
for the district wherein said located section
may be situated, and upon approval thereof
the same shall be noted upon the township
plats in said office, and thereafter all lands
over which the said line of road shall pass
shall be sold, located, or disposed of by the
United States, subject to such right of way
so located as aforesaid : Provided, That the
line of said road shall be located within one
year after the passage of this act: And pro
vided further, That said road shall be com-
pleted within ten years thereafter : And pro-
vided also, That when the route of the said
road shall pass through lands other than those
of the United Stares, or when it may be neces-
sary for said railroad company to take any
lands other than those of the United States
for any of the purposes herein mentioned,
necessary to said right of way, such right
of way through or title to such lands shall be
secured in accordance with the laws of the State
or Territory in which they may be situated:
Provided also, That the rights herein granted
shall not preclude the construction of other,
roads through any canon, defile, or pass on
said route.
Sec. 3. That nothing herein shall be con-
strued as affirming or denying the power of a
Territory to incorporate a railro.id company.
Sec. 4. That Congress reserves to itself the
right to alter, amend, or repeal this act, when-
ever in its judgment the interest of the people
shall require it.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Ch\p. CCCLXV.—An Act authorizing the
Secretary ot' War to expend certain Moneys
for the purpose of sinking an Artesian Wei!
on the Fort D. A. Russell Military Reserva-
tion, in Wyoming Territory.
Be if en acted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentative'; of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Tluu the Secretary ot
War be, and he is hereby, authorized to expend
the sum of ten thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, lor the purpose
of sinking an artesian well on the Fori D. A.
Russell military reservation, iu the Territory
of Wyoming.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Ciiap. CCCLXVI.—An Act to Reimburse the
State of Kansas for Moneys expended lor
the United States in enrolling, equipping,
and provisioning Militia Forces to aid m
suppressing the Rebellion.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the sum ot three
hundred and thirty-seven thousand and fifty-
four dollars and thirty-eight cents is hereby
apppropriated, to reimburse the State of Kan-
sas for moneys expended, amounts assumed,
and disbursements made by said State in en-
rolling, equipping, arming, subsisting, trans-
porting, and paying such troops as were called
into service by order of the Governor of said
State, upon the requisition of Major General
Curtis, in eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to
repel the invasion of the rebel forces of Gen-
eral Price, and to carry into effect the provis-
ions of an act entitled "An act to reimburse the
State of Kansas for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pro-
visioning militia forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion," approved February second, eight-
een hundred and seventy one ; the said sum of
three hundred and thirty seven thousand and
fifty-four dollars and thirty-eight cents being
the amount reported due to the State of Kan-
sas by James A. Hardie, J. D. Bingham, and
T. H. Stanton, commissioners appointed by
the Secretary of War to examine and audit tbe
claims of the said State, in pursuance of the
said act.
Appboved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXVII.—An Act authorizing the
Secretary of War to release Twenty-five
Acres of the Lands of the United States
at Plattsburgh, New York, to the New
York and Canada Railroad Company, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War,
if, iu his opinion, it is not needed for military
purposes, is hereby authorized and empowered
to release, upon the conditions hereinafter in
this act provided, to the New York and Canada
Railroad Company, its successors and assigns,
the right, title, and interestofthe UnitedStates
iu and to the north twenty-five acres of the
lands owned and possessed by the United
States, in the town of Plattsburgh, Clinton
county, New York, and situated upon the
westerly banks of Rake Champlain, together
with the right of way from the south thereto ;
such release to be with such restrictions as
the Secretary of War may think necessary to
protect the interests of the United States:
Provided, That before the execution of such
release the said railroad company shall first pay
into the Treasury of the United States the
full value of said twenty-five acres of land,
and the right of way to the same to be fixed
by a board of three officers of the Army,
appointed by the Secretary of War, whose
report shall be approved by him : Provided
further, That the dwelling-house now stand-
ing on the said twenty-live acres shall be
removed by tbe said railroad company, to
such place as may be designated by the Sec-
retary of War, without expense to the United
State's : Provided further, That said premises
shall be used exclusively for railroad purposes,
and that said company, its successors and
assigns, shall, within three years from the
passage of this act, complete and operate a
railroad withm the State of New York, con-
necting the railroads leading from the city of
New York with the Canadian frontier.
Approved, Junes!, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXVIII.—An Act to amend an
Act entitled "An Act to Establish and to
Protect National Cemeteries," approved
February twenty-second, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That section one ot an
act entitled " An act to establish and protect
national cemeteries," approved February
twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, be amended as follows: The Secretary
of War shall cause each ^rave to be marked
with a small headstone, with the name of the
soldier and the name of the State inscribed
thereon, when the same are known, in addi-
tion to the tiuinber required to be inscribed
by said section; and he shall, within ninety
days from the passage of this act, advertise
for sealed proposals of bids for the making
and erection of such headstones, which adver-
tisements shall be made for sixty days suc-
cessively in at least twenty newspapers of
general circulation in the United States, and
shall call for bids for the doing of said work,
in whole or in part; and upon the opening of
such bids, the Secretary of War shall, without
delay, award the contracts for said work to the
lowest responsible bidder or bidders, in whole
or in part; and said bidders shall give bond
to his satisfaction for the faithful completion
of the work.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLX1X.—An Act to reimburse the
State of Kentucky for Moneys expended for
the United States in enrolling, subsisting,
clothing, supplying, arming, equipping, pay-
ing, and transporting Militia Forces to aid
in suppressing the Rebellion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
direeted to cause to be examined, settled, and
paid any proper claims of the State of Ken-
tucky for money expended by said State in
enrolling, equipping, subsisting, and paying
said State forces of Kentucky as were called
into service in said State after the twenty-fourth
day of August, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, to act in concert with the Uni-
ted States forces in the suppression of the late '
rebellion against the United States.
Sec. 2. That said examination, settlement,
and payment shall be had and made by the
proper officers of the Treasury Department,
upon the principles and conditions, and under
the limitations stated and provided in the act
of Congress, approved Aprii seventeenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, entitled "Auact
to reimburse the State of Missouri for moneys
expended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and provisioning militia forces to
aid in suppressing the rebellion."
Sec. 3. That the sum of one million of dol-
lars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
to pay such sums as shall so be found due the
State of Kentucky, to be paid upon such set-
tlement to the said State or to the duly author-
ized agent thereof.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CDX1V.—An Act for the Relief of
Sarah S. 'frapp, executrix of William Trapp,
deceased.
Be it enacted by th e Senate and Mouse of Rep-
resentatives nf the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the letters-patent
granted to William Trapp, a citizen of the
United States, dated the first day of October,
eighteen hundred and forty-five, surrendered
and re-issued on the tenth day ot March, eight-
een hundred and forty-nine, and extended by
the Commissioner of Patents for seven years
from the first day of October, 1859, and again
surrendered and re-issued in two several
divisions or patents numbered, respectively,
nineteen hundred and forty-six and nineteen
hundred and forty-seven, for new and useful
improvements iu barrel machinery, be, and the
same is and are hereby, renewed, revived, and
extended lor the term of seven years from and
alter the passage of this act; and the Com-
