3546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I move to amend
ill line six by inserting, after the word " above,"
the words '"and who shall have opened and
improved any coal mine upon any vacant pub-
lic lands of the Utiited Stales, and expended in
such opening and improvement not less than
$1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing in the seventh line, after the words "land
office," the words "and proof to hiro; and to
be filed in his office, of the aforesaid fact."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to strike out all
of the second section, including the words " sec-
tion two," down to the proviso, so that the
proviso will be a proviso to the first section.
The amendments made to the first section ren-
der that portion of the second section which I
propose to strike out entirely unnecessary.
The motion was agreed to. *
Mr. THURMAN. That will make section
three of the bill become section two. I move
to amend by striking out the word "two," in
the first line of that section, and inserting
"one;" so as to read:
That all claims under section one of this act
must be presented to the register of the proper land
district, &C.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The former
amendments making that amendment neces-
sary, it will be considered as agreed to with-
out objeclion.
Mr. THURMAN. Section four will have
to be changed to section three; and in the
third line of that section I move to strike out
the words "section two hereof" and insert
"this act;" so as to read, " all persons claim-
ing under this act."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This will be
agreed to if there be no objection.
Mr. THURMAN. In line five I move to
strike out "one year" and insert "three
months;" so as to read:
And afl persons claiming under this act shall be
required to prove their respective rights and pay for
the lands filed upon within three months from the
time prescribed for filing their respective claims.
Mr. POMEROY. That is too short a time.
Mr. THURMAN. No; it is too long. They
ought to pay at once.
Sir. POMEROY. It takes three months to
get the money to Washington.
Mr. THURMAN. They do not pay at
Washington, but to the local registry.
Mr. POMEROY. That depends upon
whether the land is surveyed or unsurveyed.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it ought to be six
months.
Mr. THURMAN. It is a long credit. We
abolished the system of credits long ago.
However, the Senators know better than 1 do
about it; but how can there be any entry till
the land is surveyed?
Mr. POMEROY. There is a law providing
for special surveys.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well; I will say
" six months.'1
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. The next section will be
the fourth instead of fifth, and in the second
line of that section I move to insert, after the
word "lands," the words "provided for in
this act."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatamend-
ment has already been made.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well. I have
offered all the amendments I wish to present
to the bill.
Mr. COLE. I offer this amendment as a
final section:
Sec. —. That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to destroy or impair any rights which may
have attached prior to its passage, or to authorize
the sale of lands valuable for mines of gold, silver,
or copper.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend,
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
S1IAWNEB LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 536.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 536) to confirm sales
of Shawnee Indian lands in Kansas, under the
direction and with the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MONTANA INDIAN WAR.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 46.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
conside the hill (S. No. 46) to enable the Sec-
retary of War to pay the expenses incurred in
suppressing Indian hostilities in the Territory
of Montana in the year 1867.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Indian Affairs with amendments.
The first amendment was to insert at the
end of the first section the words " or so much
thereof as may be necessary;" so as to make
the section read:
That the Secretary of War is hereby directed to
pay, forexpenscs incurred insuppressing Indian hos-
tilities in the Territory of Montana in the year 1867 to
the persons entitled thereto, the several amounts, as
reported upon by General James A. Hardie, under
the provisions of section ten of an act entitled "An
act making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
ot the Government, and for other purposes, for the
year ending June 30, 1870," approved July 15,1870;
and for that purpose there is hereby appropriated,
from any money in the Treasury of the United States
not otherwiso appropriated the sum of $513,343, or
bo much thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing section:
Sec. 2. That the claim of Leander S. Black, for
the sum of is>374 97, or so much thereof as may be
found just after examination under the direction of
the Secretary of War, shall be paid as the other
claims already reported on, and the amount neces-
sary therefor is hereby appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, this claim
is an old customer. I have heard before of
this claim in regard to these Montana expenses.
Mr. POMEROY. This claim was to go on
the miscellaneous appropriation bill, 1 sup-
posed.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
from West Virginia desires to debate the bill
at any considerable length, I would pass it
over and yield the floor to the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands; but if he merely
desires a few minutes' time for explanation, I
would prefer to have it acted on.
Mr. BOREMAN. I want to know a little
something about it, more than I know from
what appears here.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well; then I will pass
it over and yield the floor to the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
LAND DISTRICT IN DAKOTA.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands report back House bill No. 2685, to
establish an additional land district in the Ter-
ritory of Dakota, and I ask for its present con-
sideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and paased.
PENSACOLA AND LOUISVILLE RAILROAD.
■Mr. POMEROY. My colleague on the
committee from Florida has a bill that he de-
sires to present at this time.
Mr. OSBORN. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1002) granting the right of way through the
public lands to the Pensacola and Louisville
Railroad Company of Alabama, direct me to
report it back with an amendment, and I ask
that it be put on its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It grants the right of way
through the public lands to the Pensacola and
Louisville Railroad Company of Alabama,
for the construction of a railroad, and the
right to take from the public lands adjacent to
the line of the road, material for the construc-
tion of said road. The right of way is granted
to the company to the extent of one hun-
dred feet on each side of the road where it
may pass through the public lands; also the
necessary lands for stations, buildings, depots,
workshops, machine-shops, side-tracks, turn-
tables, and water-stations, not to exceed forty
acres in any one place.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Public Lands with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section one, line seventeen, to strike out
"six months" and insert "one year;" and
in line nineteen, to strike out "one year"
and insert " five years;" so as to read :
The acceptance of the provisions of this act by the
said company, and a map of the location of the
road, and the lands to be reserved for buildings and
uses of said road, shall be filed with the Secretary of
tbe Interior, within one year from the passage of
this act: and the road shall be finished within fivo
years from the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
four, to insert "and," after the word " public,"
and to make "State" read "Slates," and
after that word, to strike out " or with foreign
ports;" and in line twenty-five, to strikeout
the words " over said road, and," and insert
" with;" so that the bill, commencing in line
nineteen, will read:
Said road shall be a post and military road, an'l
shall have the power of making running eonections
for the transportation of mails, military and naval
supplies, passengers, and freights of all kinds, and
the running of freight-ears, without the breaking of
built, whenever the interests of the public and of
commerce between the States will be advanced
thereby, with any other road which has heretofore
received, or may hereafter receive, aid from tho
United States for the construction thereof, on fair
and equitable terms, and pro rata between thcrouds,
in proportion to the length oftheseveral roads; and
in the event of adisagreement between the said road
and any other road having so received aid from tho
United States for the construction thereof, and con-
necting with the said Pensacola and Louisville rail-
road, then the Secretary of the Interior shall estab-
lish such rates for the transportation of mails, freights
and passengers, and running connections as are here-
in provided for, and also establish such regulations
as may be requisite for the enforcement of the pro-
visions of this act. Congress shall, in its discretion,
have the power to alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Nothing in this act shall be so construed as to in-
validate the claim of any actual preemption or
homestead settlers.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. NORWOOD. I beg to inquire of the
Senator from Florida whether there is any
provision for paying for the land taken in this
case.
Mr. OSBORN. No such provision has ever
been made in any bill that I am aware of. It
is only to take what may be convenient to the
road in the way of Government land, not
private land.
Mr. NORWOOD. It only applies to Gov-
ernment land then?
Mr. OSBORN. That is all.
Mr. NORWOOD. I beg pardon.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
WATER FOR CHEYENNE.
Mr. POMEROY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report back the
bill (H. R. No. 2631) to withdraw from settle-
ment and sale a certain section of land in
