1754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
Again, let me ask, where does England go
for much of her paper, her printing, and many
of her books? Not to London. She was
publishing almost as largely as she is this
year when her compositors, to the number of
five thousand in London alone, were without
work, and were sustained by private charity.
"What were the sufferings of the skilled work-
men of England to her capitalists? Did they
not pay poor-rates to maintain work-houses,
and was not this their whole duty? Yes, so
at least they thought, and tliey went to Bel-
gium for their paper, their stereotyping, their
printing, and their binding, The wages of
Belgium being so much lower than those of
England, she let her own people starve, and
broke up almost the last industry of Ireland,
the manufacture of paper, by going to Belgium
for cheap books.
Where are the three hundred and more
copper mines in Cornwall and Devonshire
alone, which in 1866 employed seven thousand
men in mining? The late Sir Roderick Mur-
cliison is my authority for saying that the im-
portation, duty free, of the cheap Surface ores
of Chili and Peru closed more than three hun-
dred drifts and turned adrift more than seven
thousand skilled miners. Do yon think those
men, bred to copper-mining irom early boy-
hood in the beautiful counties of Cornwall
and Devon, with their families about them,
living humbly, it is true, but living by their
labor, hailed free trade as a blessing when
turned from home and they and their girls and
boys huddled with the pauper herd in the
work house? The gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerb,] being only a consumer and want-
ing cheap goods, may say ''As we are not the
keepers of our brethren, that is not our busi-
ness but, sir, the laboring man of this coun-
try will regard it as worthy of his consider-
ation and will declare by his vote that lie does
not want any such " blessings" as free trade
is bestowing upon the working classes of
England.
But what further blessings has free trade in
store for the toilers of the British islands?
Sir, within six months greedy capital—for 1
•will not dispute with the gentleman about the
greediness of capital—has begun a work which
must result in the speedy closing of many of
the iron-ore beds of England, Ireland, Scot-
land, and Wales. I have in my possession,
but unhappily not here, the prospectuses (with
the like of which London teems at this day)
of iron ore importing companies. The cheap
copper of Chili and Peru has operated admir-
ably, the English manufacturers getting it,
mined as it is by unpaid peons, at much less
than they used to pay per ton for copper mined
by native miners from their own mines. Alas
for the miners, where are they ? But why
should statesmen who have not the right to
protect their people by a defensive duty pause
to consider the condition or fate ef such poor
creatures ? English capitalists now propose to
buy on the Mediterranean and other parts near
the coast of Spain—indeed they have bought—
immense bodies of land containing inexhaust-
ible deposits of iron ore, said by these pros-
pectuses to be equal to the best Cumberland
ore. They state that wages in Spain are lower
even than in Belgium, and that the ore can be
mined, transported, and laid down near the
iron-works of England at a lower cost than the
good ores of Cumberland can be mined for at
English wages and transported by rail or water
to the same points.
Let them go on. Let them thus force an emi-
gration to this country of a hundred thousand
skilled workers in iron, miners and smelters,
and they will, if the gentleman from Indiana
cannot succeed by the repeal of the tariff in
forcing wages down to a point that will pre-
clude the possibility of our working-people
consuming the products of the field, orchard
and dairy as freely as they now do, make the
gentleman's own State so rich that he will feel
thai a tale of magic has been told by time;
attract by our better wages a hundred thousand
people from the coal and iron regions of Eng-
land, put them in the coal regions of Indiana,
and you will add fivefold or tenfold to the value
of every acre of farm-land in the State. You
will build villages in what are now waste places,
and transform what are now villages into cities.
The gentleman himself will be lost in wonder
at the marvels rising around him in a country
that has wisdom enough to protect its laborers
against fatal competition and develop its own
exhaustless and infinitely diversified resources.
No, sir, England has not found free trade
a blessing. The last census shows that the
rate at which her population increases has
already been greatly diminished; and if they
will only open plenty of iron mines in Spain,
and close those of England, where mining and
handling the ore would cost them more, he
who lives to read the census of 1881 will
find written on every page of the statistics of
population palpable proof of free trade Eng-
land's rapid decadence.
I happen to 'have with me a copy of the
English tariff, which the gentleman presents as
a model which we cannot too speedily copy,
together with a presentation of one year's
results. A more infamous piece of legisla-
tion was never planned by the cunning of
greedy capitalists. It is the work of heartless
cupidity.
The English tariff has two objects, sir; the first
is to tax every import of which the laborer is
a special consumer, and to admit free of duty
everything that the governing classes of the peo-
ple require. That is one of its objects. The
other is to tax two of the leading agricultural
products of the United States. The English
laborer and small farmer know two kinds of
fruit, and two only—raisinsand diied currauts.
These even the poor, before they approach too
nearly to pauperism, enjoy in their Christmas
pudding; and the better class of laborers enjoy
them on Sunday at intervals throughout the
year. The aristocracy enjoy white grapes, and
figs, and prunes, and nuts, and indeed every
variety of imported fruit. Does the English
tariff touch either class? Yes, sir; the cur-
rants and raisins of the laboring man pay a
duty of seven shillings per hundred weight;
but the luscious fruits of the aristocracy, the
grapes of France and Italy, the figs of Smyrna,
the prunes of the world, the banana, and all
those things which beautify and grace the
tables of the aristocracy, are admitted free of
duty. Would the gentleman have us copy such
features as these ?
The English laboring man enjoys tea when-
ever he can afford to get it, and being—I was
going to say ninety-nine hundredths of the
community, but I will not go"so far as that; I
will say ninety per cent, of the community—
to tax tea is to tax him. Consequently tea is
taxed threepence a pound. Coffee for the aris-
tocracy is taxed but'three or fourpenee per
pound, while chickory, its substitute, for the
poor man is taxed £1 6s 6d per hundred.
Mr. KERB. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is not correct about the amount of
those taxes; but I presume he can make the
correction when he gets to his room.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Indi-
ana will not, attempt to correct these figures,
for I read from the tariff of Great Britain and
Ireland, published bythe American Free-Trade
League, Nos. 67 and G9 William street, New
York.
Mr. KERR. I do not think the gentleman
followed the amounts as slated in the pam-
phlet which he holds in his hand. I have no
doubt, however, he will get them all right
when he comes t'o publish his speech.
Mr. KELLEY. Although my eyes are some-
what dim to-day, I think I have quoted them
accurately.
Now, Mr. Speaker, chiecory, the substitute
for coffee used by the poor, is, as I have said,
taxed £1 6s. 6d per hundred, while c.offee is
taxed three or four cents per pound. Tea is
taxed sixpence per pound, whother it be the
costliest article used by the wealthy or the
poorest stuff the laborer is able to buy.
Let us look at wine. The wine of the small
tradesman, costing one or two shillings at the
most, brought across the straits from wine-grow-
ing countries, pays one shilling, while the costly
wines of the aristocracy, costing from thirty to
fifty shillings, pay only two shillings and six-
pence. The framers of this model tariff seem
to agree with the gentleman from Indiana in
the opinion that the growers and manufacturers
of tobacco ought to be made the objects of
special and inordinate taxation. To accom-
plish this laudable purpose they strike at the
poor miner and laboring man who may still
enjoy his occasional pipe of tobacco. They
also agree with the gentleman in regarding
the grain-fields of the West as fit objects for
heavy special taxation. Tobacco and spirits
are American productions, and with sagacity,
quickened by British greed, the framers of
this model tariff knew that to tax them heavily
would make our farmers and tobacco-growers
pay for the privilege of entering British mar-
kets. But tor the enormous tax upon spirits
our grain-growing States would be growing
grain to-day to a much larger extent than now,
and distilling and exporting it to England.
English statesmen say "'America produces to-
bacco ; the aristocracy preferring brandy, port,
sherry, and Madeira wines, does not use much
whisky, and does not use much tobacco except
in the form of cigars, because whisky and to-
bacco are vulgar, inasmuch as they are used by
the laboring people:" and, as a consequence,
while they raise a total of £21,393,713 from
customs, they collect from whisky and tobacco
£10,827,382 of it. In other words, more than
fifty per cent, of England's customs revenue
is derived from agricultural productions of
the United States in the first and simplest
form of manufacture.
Mr. KERR. Here tobacco and spirits pay
eighty millions, and tea and coffee less than
twenty millions.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman says, and
I do not wish to misrepresent him, that duties
on articles of the kinds we produce should be
lower, and those oil things which we do not
produce ought to be higher, and that a fair
share of our income should be derived from
internal taxes. This is a summary of his
philosophy.
Mr. Speaker, why should the laborers and
farmers of the United States be taxed $20,000,-
000 a year for the privilege of taking a draught
of tea or coffee with their morning and evening
meal? Why should this be, I ask? That is
included in the gentleman's proposition. Why,
sir, should the American people be taxed
$2,2-">0,000 a year for the privilege of lighting
their homes, woikshops, factories, chuiches,
and public halls with illuminating gas ? Why
should they pay $2,500,000 per anntim for the
privilege of using American-made friction
matches? Why tax every man two cents who
by a check draws upon his own funds in
the bank to which he has confidcd them for safe
keeping? Why draw from the American people
$90,000,000 a year for the privilege of using
two or three of the productions of their own
fields when slightly advanced by manufacture,
such as tobacco, grain, and hops ? Why unite-
with Great Britain in endeavoring to check the
growth of the_ agricultural interests of Amer-
ica by imposing inordinate and corrupting
taxes on tobacco and spirits? I cannot see
the philosophy of it, nor do I believe the gen-
tleman will be able to make the American
people see it.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Does the gentle-
man see the philosophy 
Mr. KELLEY. I am now replying to one
gentleman, and I do not undertake to fight two
without some notice and training. The gen-
tleman from New York will have ample time
on some other occasion to air his philosophy,
if he has any.
