806
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 10,
^2d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
missioner of Patents is hereby directed, upon
the presentation of said patents or re-issues,
numbered, respectively, nineteen hundred and
forty-six and nineteen hundred and forty-seven,
or certified copies thereof, by making a certifi-
cate upon such patent or re-issue, or certified
copy thereof, of such extension (the lawful
fees being first paid therefor), in the name of
Sarah S. Trapp, executrix of said William
Trapp ; and the Commissioner of Patents is
hereby directed to cause the same to be entered
of record in the Patent Office; and the said
patents so renewed, revived, and extended
shall have the same effect in law as if origin-
ally granted for terms extending to the end
ofthe term to which they are extended by this
act: Provided, however, That such renewal or
extended patents, respectively, shall be open
to legal inquiry and decision in the same man-
ner as if issued under the general law regu-
lating the granting of patents: And provided
further, That no person, firm, or corporation
shall be liable for any damage or royalty for
having made, vended, or used said improve-
ments in said patents specified prior to the
passage of this act; and any such person,
firm or corporation having made or purchased
and used said improvement since the expira-
tion of the said patents shall be entitled to use
the same without liability during the term of
said extension.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXV.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for sundry Civil Expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by tht Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in,
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, for
the objects hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-three, viz:
treasury department.
For Life-Saving Stations.
For salaries of two superintendents of the
life-saving stations on the coast of Loug Island
and New Jersey, at one thousand live hun-
dred dollars each, three thousand dollars; and
for one superintendent on the coast of Cape
Cod and of Block Island, Rhode Islaud, one
thousand dollars.
For fifty-four keepers of stations, at two
hundred dollars each, ten thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For pay of crews of experienced surfmen
at such stations and for such periods as the
Secietary of the Treasury may deem necessary
and proper, seventy-nine thousand five hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of seventeen keepers of
stations, at two hundred dollars each, three
thousand four hundred dollars.
E'or contingencies of life-saving stations on
the coast of the United States, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For the establishment of life-saving stations
on the coasts of Cape Cod ami of Block Island,
Rhode Island, fifty thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That all life saving stations hereafter
erected shall be erected under the supervision
oi two captains of the revenue service, to be
designated by the Secretary ofthe Treasury,and
to be under his direction.
Revenue-Cutter Service.
Thirty-four captains, one hundred and one
lieutenants, and sixty-three engineers and
pilots employed, three hundred and sixty-
on[e] thousand three hundred dollars.
For rations for officers: thirty-four cap-
tains, one hundred and one lieutenants, sixty-
three engineers and pilots, twenty-five thou-
sand five hundred and eighty-three dollars and
forty cents.
For pay of crews: nine hundred and forty-
two petty officers, seamen, cooks, stewards,
boys, coal-passers, and firemen, two hundred
and eighty-four thousand two hundred and
ninety-two dollars.
For rations for crews: nine hundred and
forty-two petty officers, seamen, cooks, stew-
ards, boys, coal-passers, and fiiemen, three
hundred and forty-four thousand seven hun-
dred and seventy-two rations, at thirty-four
cents, including liquor equivalent, one hundred
and seventeen thousand two hundred and
twenty-two dollars and forty-eight cents.
For fuel for thirty-six vessels, repairs and
outfits for same, ship-chandlery and engineers'
stores for same, travelling expenses of officers
travelling on duty under orders from the Treas-
ury Department, commutation of quarters,
and contingent expenses, including wharfage,
towage, dockage, freight, advertising, surveys,
and so forth, and miscellaneous expeuses
which cannot beincluded under special heads,
two hundred and niuety thousand dollars.
Marine Hospital Service.
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen, one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That no part of this sum shall be used
to support any sick or disabled seamen enti-
tled to be received into a marine hospital, by
contract at the lowest bidder, except when, in
the judgment of theSecretary of the Treasury,
the acceptance of the lowest proposal will, for
other reasons, equally secure the proper care
and treatment of marine patients.
National Currency.
For paper, engraving, printing, express
charges, aud other expenses of making and
issuing the national currency, one hundred
thousand dollars.
Detection and Punishment of Counterfeiting.
For expenses in detecting and bringing to
trial and punishment persons engaged in coun-
terfeiting Treasury notes, bonds, and other
securities ofthe United States,and for detect-
ing other frauds upon the Government, one
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Warrington Sommers a sum sufficient
to make his salary, from October first, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight, to June first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, that of a
fourth-class clerk in the Filth Auditor's office,
one hundred and fifty dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
senate.
For folding documents and material for the
same, eight thousand dollars.
For labor, eight thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, eight thousand dol-
lars ; furniture and repairs, five hundred dol-
lars; for fuel, oil, and cotton waste, for heat-
ing apparatus, one hundred thousand dollars
for the current fiscal year.
B\>r the expenses of the joint select Commit-
tee on Alleged Outrages in the Southern States,
the sum of one thousand four hundred and
sixty-three dollars and twenty-five cents, said
sum to be carried for the purpose to the
contingent fund of the Senate.
judiciary.
For defraying the expenses of the courts of
the United States, including the District of
Columbia; for jurors and witnesses, arid ex-
penses of suits in which the United States are
concerned, of prosecutions for offences com-
mitted against the United States; (orthe safe-
keeping of prisoners ; and for the expenses
which may be incurred in the enforcement
of the act, relative to the right of citizens to
vote, of February twenty-eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and'sevent.y-one, or any acts amendatory
thereof or supplementary thereto, three mil-
lion two hundred thousand dollars; of which
sum two hundred thousand dollars shall be
available for the expenses incurred during ihe
present fiscal year, the said act being heieby
supplemented aud amended so as to further
provide as follows: '■ That whenever, in any
county or parish, in any congressional district,
there shall be ten citizens thereof of good
standing who, prior to any registration of
voters for an election for Repiesentative in
Congress, or prior to any election at which a
Representative in Congress is to be voted for,
shall make known, in writing, to the judge of
the circuit court of the United States for the
district wherein such county or parish is situ-
ate, their desire to have said registration or
election both guarded and scrutinized, it shall
be the duty of the said judsje of the circuit
court, within not less than ten days prior to
said registration or election, as the case may
he, to open the s-tid eouit at the most conven-
ient point in said district; and the said court,
when so opened by said judge, shall proceed
to appoint and commission, from day to day,
and from time to time, and under the hand of
the said judge, and under the seal of said
court, for such election district or voting pre-
cinct in said congressional district, as shall,
in the manner herein prescribed, have been
applied for, and to revoke, change, or renew
said appointment from time to time, two citi-
zens, residents of said election district or vot-
ing precinct in said county or parish, who shall
be of different political parties, and able to read
and write the English language, and who shall
be known and designated as supervisors of
election ; and the said court, when opened by
the said judge as required herein, shall, there-
from and thereafter and up to and including
the day following the day of the election, be
always open for the transaction of business
under this act; and the powers and juiisdic-
tion hereby granted and conferred shall be
exercised, as well in vacation as in term time ;
and a judge, sitting at chambers, shall huve
the same powers and jurisdiction, including
the power of keeping order and of punishing
any contempt of his authority, as when sit-
ting in the court: Provided, That no compen-
sation shall be allowed to the supervisors
herein authorized to be appointed, except
those appointed m ci'ies or towns of twenty
thousand or more inhabitants. And no per-
son shall be appointed under this act, as super-
visor of election who is not at the time of his
appointment a qualified voter of the county,
parish, election district, or voting precinct tor
which he is appointed. And no person shall
be appointed depuiy marshal under the act of
which this is amendatory, who is not a quali-
fied voter at the time of his appointment, in
the county, parish, distiict, or precinct iu
which his duties are to be performed. And
section thirteen of the act of which this is an
amendment shall be construed to authorize
and require the circuit courts of the United
States in said section mentioned to name and
appoint, as soon as may be after the passage
of this act, the commissioners provided for in
said section, in all cases in which such app mit-
ments have not already been made in conform-
ity therewith. And the third section of the
act to which this is an amendment shall be
taken and construed to authorize each of the
judges of the circuit couits of the United
States to designate one or more of the judges
of the district couits within his circuit to dis-
charge the duties arising under this act or the
act to which this is an amendment. And the
words 'any person' in section four of the act
of May thirty-first, eighteen liundr.-d and sev-
enty, shall be held to' include any officer or
other person having powers or duties of an
official character under this act or the act to
