858
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
February 6,
Another witness says:
" There are several children in one of these facto-
ries I visited lately under ten years of age, working
their respective eleven and a half hours, which is
considered by tho parents to be cruel; in winter get-
ting out of bed at an early hour and starting for
their work at six and a half on cold, mornings."
Let us examine for a moment the physical
degeneracy of this State. Diseases result-
ing from a vicious course of life are greatly
on the increase, such as scrofulous complaints,
dyspepsia, apoplexy, and neuralgia. It shows
itself, too, in another form, which should
arouse the attention of every American cit-
izen, and that is that the birth-rate in Massa-
chusetts is constantly diminishing. In 1850
the census returns the population of Massa-
chusetts 994,514—Americans, 830,066 ; and
foreign, 164,448. The registration reports of
that State make the whole births 27,664—
American, 16,180; foreign, 8,197, with 3,278
mixed, most of which are of foreign descent.
Here we see that while the native population
exceeds the foreign by more than five to one,
yet the birth-rate of the latter is double the
former. The census taken by the State for
the year 1805 returns the whole population
in the same State as 1,267,003—American,
1,002,545; and foreigners, 265,486. The regis-
tration report shows for the same year the
whole number of births, 30,249—American,
13,270 ; foreign, 14,130; and mixed, most of
which were also foreign, 2,406. Here, again,
wc see that the native population outnumbers
the foreign four to one, yet the number of
births in the latter are actually greater than
in tho former. Yet the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] has the ingratitude
to say that these foreigners commit all the
crime* in that State, and vote the Demo-
cratic ticket! If it be a fact that they do
vote the Democratic ticket., then my party
has the credit, at least, of preventing a de-
crease in the population of the old Common-
wealth ; for it is clear that were it. not for
the influx of a foreign population, Massachu-
setts would to-day be on the decline, for it
is conclusively shown by her own registra-
tion reports, and other sources, that tlie num-
l)oi' of deaths among the native population
exceeds that of the births! The birth-rate
in Massachusetts is greatly behind that of every
nation in ICurope.
These considerations recommend themselves
to every thinking mind at tho present juncture
of affairs. If Massachusetts has during the
last ten years shaped the legislation of the
country in regard to the southern States, let
us now see that she does not fasten upon the
young and rising Commonwealths of the South
and West a system of inGdelity and rational-
ism; that the vices which are destroying her
own people to such an extent that her native
population is on the decrease, are not forced
upon the other portions of the country. For
when the whole country once reaches the limit
that Massachusetts has, we have finished our
career; there is nothing left, for us to do but
to die. When Greece and Rome failed to pro-
duce men, they ceased to exist. We cannot
escape their fate.
I do not wish to be understood, on this sub-
ject of physical degeneracy, as reproaching
Massachusetts. I have no doubt some of the
other educated States, if the statistics were at
hand, would reveal the same state of things.
But it is humiliating to our national pride
that t.here should be in the first century of
our national existence a decrease in the native
population of our most intelligent States. It
is the duty of every statesman to address
himself to^ this question and see wherein the
difficulty lies.
The SPEAKER. The hour of three o'clock
has arrived, at which, according to the order
of the House, the previous question is to be
considered as seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered.
Mr. PERCE. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
covers the point contemplated by my amend-
ment, and is entirely satisfactory to me. I
therefore withdraw my amendment.
Mr. GRIFFITH. Under the arrangement
which was agreed upon as to the offering of
amendments, I move to amend by adding to
section one the following:
Provided, That nothing contained in this section
shall be held to limit or abridge tho power of Con-
gress over the publio domain or interfere with
granting bounty lands to the soldiers and sailors
of our late war.
Mr. HEREFORD. I move to amend sec-
tion eight by inserting at the end thereof the
following:
Provided, That no moneys belonging to any State
or Territory under this bill shall be withheld from
any State or Territory for the reason that the law
thereof provides for separate schools for white and
lblack children or refuses to organize a system of
mixed schools.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by add-
ing to section two the following:
Provided, however, That after the passage of this
act no public lands of the United States shall bo sold
except mineral lands and town sites; and all tho
publio lands of the United States adapted to agri-
culture shall be reserved for aetual settlers under
tho provisions of tho homestead Iaws,'subjcet, how-
ever, to land warrants and college scrip issued by
authority of Congress, and the grants which Con-
gress shall hereafter make in the Territories and new
States for purposes of education.
Mr. TAFFE. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted. That nothing contained
in this act shall be so construed as to alfect in any
manner the existing law and regulations in regard
to the adjustment and payment to States, upon their
admission into the Union, of five per cent, ot tho net
proceeds of tho sales of the public lands within their
respective limits.
Mr. PERCE. I now rise to close the
debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, having
reported the bill, is entitled to one hour after
the seconding of the previous question.
Mr. PERCE. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
refer to the passing remark of the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Parker,] that this
was an effort to get three dollars for the North
by giving one to the South. There is, so far
as I am awaro, no northern State that needs
any measure of that kind. Certainly the State
which I have the honor in part to represent
does not. She has her school system, com-
parable, I think, to any m the country. While
yet the South—yes, while yet Virginia, which,
as one of her Representatives [Mr. Harris]
told us, is educating all her children—made
it a felony to teach a colored child to read.
Pennsylvania, by the liberality of her citizens,
had provided for a collegiate education for
colored people both at Pittsburg and Phila-
delphia. Her munificent system of common
schools is coextensive with the State and the
munificent endowment of Girard college,
wherein a thousand poor white orphans are
housed, fed, clothed, and advanced in the
languages living and dead, and the higher
mathematics—yet in addition to all this
Pennsylvania has assumed the charge of those
who should be the nation's wards, the orphans
of her soldiers—the sons and daughters of
those of her citizens who died in hospitals or
southern prisons, or on the field of battle, or
who are yet to die from the effects of exposure
or wounds. These are at the cost of $520,000 a
year, exclusive of the cost of the school system,
cared for with motherly care, and educated to
fit them for the most exalted duties of life.
Having such provisions for the education of
our children, we need not desire to rob the
South in order to increase our educational
advantages. This measure is not unjust to the
South, but is one which, if fairly carried into
effect, will populate, enrich, and bless her.
Sir, in passing, I may remark, that the terror
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Harbis,]
excited by his fear of mixed schools, need
not be so extreme. If, as he seems to appre-
hend, such schools should be forced upon the
people of his and other States, it will in the
South be but temporary; for all men know
that the sun and atmosphere of the southern
States soon bleach the blackest African, both
in hair and complexion, to the colors charac-
teristic of the purest Saxon lineage.
Mr. HEREFORD. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him whether he is in favor of
forcing mixed schools upon the people?
Mr. KELLEY. Having but ten minutes I
decline to yield. In May, 1867, it was my priv-
ilege to visit many of the freedmen's schools
of Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia, North Car-
olina, and of the gentleman's own State of
Virginia, and T found in each and all of them
pupils of Saxon hue and Caucasian feature,
with blue eyes, light hair, and Roman or Gre-
cian nose. I said to the teachers of each school
'* I am glad you make no distinction of race, but
open your schools to all," and invariably re-
ceived in substance the same answer. Yes,
at the school in Danville the reply was the
same as at Charlotte, Atlanta, Montgomery,
and New Orleans: "We receive as pupils
none but the children of freedmen; all of
them were slaves and are remotely of African
descent." As the gentleman says there is
no intercourse between the children of the
different races because white children abhor
it, 1 would like to learn the age at which the
abhorrence ceases, or whether it is the effect of
the climate of the South that so changed the
complexion and features of those Virginians
of African descent.
Mr. HEREFORD. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether lie is in
favor of forcing mixed schools on the people ?
Mr. KELLEY. In view of such facts as I
have referred to, no man is authorized to say
that the southern people abhor social inter-
course between the races. The complexions
of millions of people attest the falsity of the
assertion
Mr. HEREFORD. But that does not an-
swer my question, whether the gentleman
is in favor of forcing mixed schools upon the
country.
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot be interrupted. I
say this measure will open the South to settle-
ment and development. She has advantages
a thousand fold greater than the Northwest.
These have lain there for a century, and the
emigrant shuns them. The emigrants from
all lands shun the sunny and fertile fields of
the South. Why? Because ignorance curses
that beautiful region. Its water-power is greater
than that of any other section. It has mineral
resources boundless in variety and extent,
with which those of no other section can in
either respect compare. Norfolk was the first
commercial city of this country, and Virginia
was the first State of the country and the mother
of States. Where is Norfolk to-day as a com-
mercial city? Where is Virginia in the list
of States? Why do her mineral resources,
why do her agricultural resources lie dead and
unproductive? Why does her water-power,
that might move more spindles than are in
motion throughout the world,- run to waste?
It is because the South doomed the laborer
to ignorance, and made it felony to teach
the laboring child to read the Lord's prayei,
or any one of the ten commandments. There
are no schools there to welcome the chil-
dren of the multitudes of emigrants who leave
their homes to settle where they may own
homesteads, and by their well-rewarded labor
add to the world's wealth, while improving
their own condition and that of their families.
Give the people of Europe the assurance that,
common schools have been opened through-
out the South, that intelligence is permitted to
prevail there, that intelligent industry and
labor shall find companionship there, and you
will drain New England of population. You
