1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
Laws of the United Stales.
42d Cong.... 2d Skss.
which litis is a  amendment: Provided, That
nothing in this section shall be so construed
as to authorize the appointment of any mar- '
shals or deputy marshals in addition to those
heretofore autlionzed bylaw: And provided '
further, That the supervisors herein provided j
lor shall have no power or authority to make j
arrests or to perform other duties than to be .
in the immediate presence of the officers hold-
ing the election, and to witness all their pro-
ceedings, including the counting of the votes
aud the making of a return thereof. And so
much of said sum herein appropriated as may
be necessary for said supplemental and amend-
atory provisions is hereby appropriated from
and after the passage of this act."
For the support arid maintenance of con-
vicis transferred from the District of Colum-
bia, ten thousand dollars.
For the compensation of special counsel and
other legal services, and for incidental ex-
penses in taking testimony, fees of witnesses
and of commissioners in relation to claims
before the mixed American and British claims
commission, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of defending
claims under the convention wiih Mexico of
fourth July, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
to be expended under the direction of the
Attorney General, ten thousand dollars.
For payment of the necessary expenses in-
curred in defending suits against the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or his agenis, for the
seizure of captured or abandoned property; ;
and for the examination ot witnesses in claims
against the United States pending in any lie
partment; and for the detence of the United
Slates in the Court of Claims, to be expended
under the direction of the Attorney General,
thirty thousand dollars, no part of which shall
be paid to attorneys or counsellors at law for
professional services, for appearing and assist-
ing in the trial of causes in the Supreme, cir-
cuit, or district courts of the United States, or
Court of Claims; and that the Attorney Gen-
eral make report to Congress at the end of the
fiscal year of the manner of the expenditure
of this fund, and to whom and for what pur-
poses paid.
For this sum, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to beexpended under the direction
of the Attorney General in the detection and
prosecution of crimes against the United
States, fifty thousand dollars.
For expenses to be incurred in the prosecu-
tion and collection of claims due the United
States, to be disbursed under the direction of
the Attorney Geueral, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
collect captured aud abandoned property
of the United States, and to collect, procuie,
and preserve all vouchers, papers, records,
and evidence, and to take testimony as to
claims against the Uuited States, to he paid
only upon the certificate of the commissioners
of claims, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
MISCELLANEOUS.
For continuing the collection of statistics
of mines and mining, to be laid bJfoie Con-
gress, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For the continuation of the geological sur-
vey of the Teriitories of the United States by
Professor F. V. Hayden, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, during the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-thret?, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars.
For completing the survey of the Colorado
of the West and its tributaries by Professor J.
W. Pon ell, under the direction of the Smith-
sonian Institution, twenty thousand dollars.
For continuing the inquiry into the causes
of the decrease of the food fishes of the coast
and the lakes of the United Stales, five thou-
sand dollars.
For the introduction of shad into the waters
of the Pacific States, the Gulf States, and of
the Mississippi valley, and of salmon, white-
fish, aud other useful food fishes, into the
waters of the United States to which they are
best adapted, fifteen thousand dollars, to be
expended under the direction of the United
States commissioner of fish and fisheries.
To enable the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey to cause astronomical observations to
be made at one of the highest points on the
line of the Pacific railroad, two thousand
dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay Thomas Donaldson balance due him for
services as constructing superintendent of the
penitentiary building at Boise City, Idaho, two
hundred and forty dollars and fifteen c-ents.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
repay to C. M. Lockwood, late nail contractor,
the amount of fine paid on the order of the
Postmaster General, but afterward remitted
by that officer, four hundred and seventy-seven
dollars and fifty-six cents.
For contingent expenses of the office of the
secretary of the Territory of Wyoming, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay only the reasonable expenses heretofore
incurred for paving roadway and curbing and
paving sidewalks m front of the properly of
the United States in the District of Columbia,
one hundred and ninety-two thousand six
hundred and twenty dodars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary; and all railroads
are hereby prohibited 011 the I street and K
street fronts of Farragut, Scott, and Franklin
squares: and no further street railroads shall
be laid down in the city of Washington with
out the consent of Congress.
To pay the Board oi' Public Works of the
; District of Columbia the proportion of the
I cost properly payable by tne United States
j Government for the filling of the canal from
i Seventh street west to Seventeenth street west,
i and of the cost of the intercepting sewer along
j the canal adjoining the property of the United
j States Government, said work being under the
j direction of the Board of Public Works, sixty-
: eight thousand three hundred'and sixty-five
I dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces
' sary: Provided, Thatall payments made under
; this and the preceding appropriation shall be
; made only upon vouchers approved by the
| officer in charge of the public buildings and
| grounds of the District; and no port 011 of
1 the money herewith appropriated shall be used
' by the Board of Public Works for any other
■ purpose whatever than the purpose that is
I named in the said last two paragraphs. And
1 the land made by the filling up of the said
:i canal is hereby declared to be the property
" of the United States. And the said appro-
priations shall not, be construed to create or
imply any obligation on the'part of the United
States, in any respect whatever in future.
For payment of the messengers of the respect-
ive States for conveying to the seat of Govern-
ment the votes of the electors of said States
for President and Vice Piesident of the Uni-
ted States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For construction of revenue vessels in accord-
ance with recommendation of the special com
mission, approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury, two hundred thousand dollars.
For furniture and repairs of the same for
public buildings under the control of the
Treasury Department, one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars. ,
For fuel, lights, and water, and miscella-
neous items lor public buildings under the con-
trol oft.be Treasury Department, two hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For heating apparatus for public buildings
under the control of the Treasury Department,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For vaults, safes, and locks, for public build-
ings under the control of the Treasury Depart-
ment, one hundred thousand dollars.
For photographing, engraving, and printing
plans of public buildings under control of the
Treasury Department, five thousand dollars.
For pay of custodians and janitors of public
buildings, under the control of the Treasury
Department, one hundred and twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For repairs and preservation of all public
buildings under the control of the Treasury
Department, two hundred thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to the city of Charlestown, Massachusetts,
the expense incurred by said city in curbing
and paving the sidewalks and streets adjacent
to the navy-yard, one thousand six hundred
dollars.
To pay Charles W. Seaton for the relinquish-
ment of all claimagainst the United States for
the use at the ninth or any subsequent cen-
sus of his invention of a tallying machine, for
which letters-patent were allowed by the Uni-
ted States Patent Office, February seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, fifteen
thousand dollars.
SUPERVISING INSPECTORS OK STEAM VESSELS.
For carrying out the provisions of the act
for the better protection of the lives of passen-
gers on vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam and of the acts amendatory thereof,
the following sums, viz:
For salaries of steamboat inspectors:
Payment of salaries of supervising inspector
general, supervising inspectors, local inspect-
ors, assistant inspectors, and clerks, one hun-
dred and sixty-five thousand four hundred
dollars.
Contingent expenses of steamboat inspec-
tion service:
Expenses of instruments, stationery, meet-
ings of board of supervising inspectors, mile-
age of supervising inspectors, at one thousand
dollars each, and other miscellaneous expenses,
ninety-one thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay under existing laws contractors for carry-
ing the mails for services rendered prior to
July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
thirteen thousand four hundred and sixteen
dollars.
To pay Edward R. Ferguson his salary as
supervising inspector of steamboats, from
March third, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, to May twenty-second, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, four hundred and twenty-
eight dollars and fifty-seven cents.
For loss and expense involved in the recoin-
age of gold coius m the Treasury which are
below standard weight, under such regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe,
one hundred and fifiy thousand dollars.
To defray, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the expenses of re-
deeming and re-issuing the minor coinage of
the United States, twenty thousand dollars,
pursuant to the act of March third, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, as much of the same
as may be necessary to be available for
exoenses incurred during the present fiscal
year.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay
to the officers and crew of the United States
s eamer Kearsarge, for the destruction of the
rebel cruiser Alabama, under the provisions
of an act entitled "An act for the relief of
the officers and crew of the United States
steamer Kearsarge,'' approved April seven-
teenth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, one
hundred and sixty thousand seven hundred
and seventy-two dollars and sixty-two cents.
