1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1755
Mr. \V. R. ROBERTS. I wished to ask
the gentleman, does he see the philosophy of
imposing high duties on wool and other raw
materials of our manufacturing industry ?
Mr. KELLEY. I decline to be interrupted;
for I am following a current of thought which
will answer very well for the presentation of
ray views, and I do not want to be diverted
from it by the ingenuity of any lieutenant of
the gentleman who has openc d the war on the
wages of American labor. I n ay, however, say
in passing that I recognize mutton as whole-
some food, with which I would keep the mar-
ket well supplied; and wool-growing as an
important national interest that should be
well protected and fully developed.
If the purchasing power of English wages is,
as the gentleman from Indiana asserts, so much
greater than it is in America, why do so many
English skilled laborers come to this coun-
try? Why do no American laborers migrate to
England? Sir, a gentleman who was yester-
day before the Committee of Ways and Means,
the mayor of the city of Cambridge, Massachu-
setts, Mr. Houghton, of the firm of Hurd &
Houghton, told us he had gone to England to
get workmen, when his office had yielded its
able-bodied men to the war; and he found
there the best compositors so poor that they
were not able to pay their passage and come
with him. And he told us, further, that he
found in London one poor compositor from
Indiana, who having saved something here, had
gone over there to see t£e world, and who hav-
ing exhausted his American earnings had found
his wages so small that he had been unable to
save enough to pay his passage home, although
he had been working steadily for more than
two years. He begged Mr. Houghton to bring
him to this country, where, according to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] the
wages received have not the same purchasing
power as those he had been earniug in Eng-
land. How, if this assertion be true, was ho
to repay the passage-money to be advanced?
This theory is a mere fiction, sir, and those
who assert it cannot adduce any facts which
support it. Indeed, they maintain their system
of political economy in sublime indifference to
the iessons of history and the course of cur-
rent facts. You may bring to a man pos-
sessed, as the gentleman from Indiana is, with
a conviction of the correctness of his abstract
theories all the facts iu the world, and he will
answer them with the remark of the French
philosopher, who, when told that his philoso-
phy did not agree with the facts of the case,
answered, "So much the worse, then, for the
facts." You will not find an English working-
man in America who will not tell you that the
purchasing power of current American wages
is vastly greater than that even of the recently
advanced rates paid in England. An Eng-
lish silk-weaver told the Committee of Ways
and Means a few days ago that he had betn
at work in Macclesfield before the reciprocity
treaty which closed the silk factories in that
town was concluded between Prance and Eng-
land, and that he was now at work at the same
branch of business in Paterson, New Jersey,
in a factory employing the looms on which he
had worked in Macclesfield. When asked to
comparc the wages he received then and now,
he answered thus: "Sir, I can now save
more in a year, and have done it for years
past, than the whole of the earnings of my
labor amounted to in a year in England."
Yes, sir, that man's net savings, the net re;
suits- of his labor after all h's expenses of
living are provided for, are greater than his
whole earnings were in England; and he now
enjoys his meat every day as all American work-
men do, instead of only once a week as very
many skilled English mechanics do who are
comparatively prosperous. _ Yes, sir, while
enjoying a more generous diet and educating
his children an American silk weaver can save
more in the course of a year than the total
amount of the gross wages he could earn in
England. But what are facts like these to those
who have implicit faith in the inspired wisdom
of the teachings of free-trade revenue reform!
May God forbid, sir, that in the pursuit of
cheapness we should reduce the women and
girls of America to the condition of those of
Belgium'and the Zollverein, and may He, in
His mercy, forever prevent any portion of the
children and women of America from being
reduced to the condition of those of Stafford-
shire and other parts of England.
Sir, have you read the little book ot George
Smith, of Coalville, Leicestershire, England,
entitled "The Cry of the Children from the
Brick-Yards of England?" It is the most
thrilling and loathsome story of English in-
humanity and suffering that I have read for
years; no fiction parallels it. It shows that
children, girls in the fourth year of their age,
are not too young to be employed in making
the pottery-wares and bricks of England.
And Mr. Smith's story is corroborated by the
venerable Elihu Burritt and correspondents of
leading English journals, whose statements are
embodied in his book.
Boys and girls above twelve years of age are
often required to walk over twenty miles a
day, carrying from six to nine tons of wet clay
half the distance. The distance walked and the
weight carried are easily ascertained. They
walk from a certain bank to a certain table; and
the amount of clay worked by the men or
women they supply tells the weight they carry,
and the number of loads they carry determines
the distance traveled. And for what do they
thus labor? A few pence a day,f the best
workers (the adults) getting but from one to
three shillings a day. I commend1 the book to
the attention of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] and ask him whether, in addition
to turning girls and women into the ore banks
*"In our brick-fields and brick-yards there are
from twenty to thirty thousand children, from a.s
low as three and four, up to sixteen and seventeen,
undergoing a bondage of toil and a horror of evil
training,"—The Cry, d:c.. page 8.
"The yards we have visited are under the direc-
tion of managers who let out the work of making
bricks to men at per thousand. These men, who, it
may be stated, are on what is termed 'piece work,'
(that is, get as much as they can earn,) are stationed
at large tables where they make the bricks; and on
each side of them troops of boys and girls, ranging
from eight years of age to eighteen, some three parts
and others half naked, while the rest are as ragged
as robbins. The children get four shillings a loeek,
work as hard as they may. There they stand silent
and still, like the warriors of Roderick Dhu, until
the signal is given to commence. Then off they go.
First, one ragged, semi-nude contingent, runs wildly
down an inclined plane into the dark and miry
bowels of the eartb, where, with a sort of elongated
cheese-knife, theyshce out about fifty pounds of clay
each, and in single file return with their lumps of
dirt upon their heads. Some march nimbly along,
while the smaller ones, the littlo girls, with short
skirts and bare legs, trudge along more slowly. Ar-
rived at the table, they bow their heads, and tho clay
isdeposited before the oger, who, with nimble hands,
fashions it into those square lumps called bricks.
It is then that tho other contingent, in all respects
like the sister brigade, commence their part of the
work, trotting briskly t-0 the spot allotted for the
reception of their burden. And so the ball goes on.
No cessation, no shirking, no stopping for breath,
and wo betide the discradled youngster who falters
or delays. At him the oger at the bo irdshies a lump
of clay. As the day wears on their march is slower ;
their heads sink slightly between the shoulders;
their faces and foreheads are besmeared with clay;
their hair is matted, and their logs and arms become
of the color of the clay they carry."—The Weekly
Dispatch, London, quoted on pane 37 of the Cry, £c.
t "As a further proof of tho severe and extremely
heavy nature of the toil undergone by tho children,
I would submit to your inspection a lump of solid
clay, weighing forty-three pounds. This, in a wet
state, was taken a few days ago from off tho head of
a child ninoyears of age, who had daily to walk a
distance of twelve and a half miles, half that dis-
tance being traversed while carrying this heavy
burden. The distance and weights aro arrived at in
this way* the workman makes, on an average, three
thousand bricks per day, the whole weighing about
twelve tons ; the whole of which has to be carried uy |
two children only, the distance from the clay heap to
the brick-maker's table being thirty-five yards.
This shows that each child has to travel six miles
and aquarter wilh forty-three pounds of clay on his
head, and six miles and a Quarter back to the clay
heap. The clay was taken from the child, and the
calculation made by me, in the presence of both
master and men.
and coal mines of Indiana in order to obtain
cheap iron and steel, he will also take infants,
too young for schools, and employ them in the
drudgery of American potteries and brick-
yards; for if he is going to burden our indus-
tries with apermanent system of internal taxes,
and contend with England and the continent for
cheapness, these consequences are all involved.
Now, sir, if a tariff and tax law should be
adopted such as the gentleman's speech fore-
shadows, the period of 1870-80 would repro-
duce with enormous aggravation all the bank-
ruptcy and ruin, all the sorrow and misery
experienced by the American people in 1857-
1860, in 1834-40, and in 1817-20. Those
three periods are memorable as periods of
profound distress and widespread ruin in this
country. The prevalence of the opinions of
the gentleman from Indiana would, 1 reiterate,
inaugurate almost instantersuch an era. What
would beits process and successive steps ? Let
me hastily indicate some of them.
First, let us look at its effects upon capi-
tal. I have heard that nothing is so timid as
$500,000, unless it be $1,000,000. Capital ia
proverbially timid. The scale on which our
leading industries are now conducted requires
capital to inaugurate them. Announce that
you intend to maintain a system of internal
taxes, with the high duties now imposed on tea
and coffee, and to repeal the duties which are
the only possible defense of the high wages
now received by our working people; thatyo.u.
are going to make our operatives compete with
the low wages and Jong hours of foreign lands,
and yet to tax their tea, coffee, and other articles
of food which we must import, and their spirits,
beer, tobacco, &c., and capitalists will say,
"There is no use in opening mines or ore
banks now. This law will compel employers
to reduce wages or close their works. It will
"Of course the natural results ensue. Ignoranoe
and immorality prevail to a fearful extent among
the workmen and children so employed. IIow
could it be otherwise? All goodness and purity
seem to become stamped out of these people,
and were I to relate what could be related, tho
whole country would become sickened and horri-
fied."—From a pupcr read by Mr. George Smith at
the Social Science Congress, Newcastle-upon-Tyne,
September, 1870.
" A writer who visited the different brick-makingr
establishments of the district estimates that ftev-
enty-five per cent, of the persons employed are
females, and perhaps two thirds of these are yoang
girls from nine to twelve years of age. We saw one
set of these hands at work at the molding bench, and
watched with speoial interest the several parts they
performed. A middle-aged woman, as we took her
to be, from some dress indications of her sex, was
standing at the bench, butter-stick in hand. Ap-
parently she had on only a singlegarment, reaching
to her feet. But this appearancc may have come
from her clothes being so bespattered and weighted
with wet clay that tney adhered so closely to her
person that it was as fully developed through tbeui
as the female form of some marble statues through
the thin drapery in which they are clad by tho
sculptor. She wore a turban on her head, of the
same color; for only one color or consistency was
pos&ible at her work. The only thing feminine in
her appearance was a pair of ear-drops she wore as
a token of her sex and of its tastes under any cir-
cumstances. With two or three molds, she formed
the clay dough into loaves with wonderful tact and
celerity. With a dash, splash, and a blow one was
perfectly shaped. One little girl then took it away
and shed it out upon the drying-floor with the great-
est precision to keep the rows in perfect line.
Another girl, a littlo older, brought the clay to the
bench. This wasaheavier task, and we watched her
appearance and movements very closely. She was
a girl apparently about thirteen. Washed, and
well clad, and with a littlo sportive life in her. she
would have been almost protty in face and iorm.
But though there was some color in her cheeks, ifc
was the flitting flush of exhaustion. She moved in
a kind of swaying, sliding way, as if muselo and
joint did not fit and act together naturally. She
first took up a mass of the cold clay, weighing about
twenty-live pounds, upon her head, and while bal-
ancing it there, she squatted to the heap without
bending her body, ana took up a mass of equal
weight with both hands, agninst her stomach, and
with the two buidens walked about a, rod and de-
posited them on the molding bench, xso wonder,
we thought, that the color in her cheeks was an
unhealthv flush. With a mass of cold clay held
against her stomach, and bonding under another on
her head, for ten or twelve hours in a day, it seemed
a marvel that there could bo any red blood in her
veins at all."— Walks in the Black Country, by hhhu
Burritt.
