1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8547
Wyoming Territory without amendment, and
I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which provides that section thirty,
township fourteen north, range sixty-seven
west, of the public lands in Laramie county,
Wyoming Territory, be withdrawn from settle-
mentand sale under existing laws, and reserved
for the use of the city of Cheyenne, in that
county, for the purpose of enabling the proper
authorities of that city to construct and main-
tain on the land a reservoir of water for the
supply of the city.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to ft third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SELMA, ROME, AND DALTON RAILROAD.
Mr. POMEROY. I am instructed to report
back from the Committee on Public Lands the
bill (H- R. No. 2195) relating to certain lands
* in the State of Alabama without amendment,
and I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to confirm all the lands
heretofore certified to the State of Alabama by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
for the benefit of the railroad from Selma to
Gadsden, then known as the Alabama and Ten-
nessee River railroad, under the act of Con-
gress entitled "An act granting public lands in
alternate sections to the State of Alabama to
aid in the construction of certain railroads,"
approved June 3, 1856, to the State of Ala-
bama for the sole use and benefit of the Selma,
Rome, and Dalton Railroad Company, the suc-
cessors of the Alabama and Tennessee Rail-
road Company. The right of way and use of
a strip of land one hundred feet in width from
the center and on each side of the railroad,
as the same is now located and constructed,
upon and over any lands of the United States
in the State of Alabama are also granted to
the company.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
LAND OFFICE IN MINNESOTA.
I move as a substitute
Mr. POMEROY.
 —
Mr. PRATT. I wish to make some reports
from "the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY. To put them on the Cal-
endar? , ,, .
Mr. PRATT. I propose to have them put
on their passage.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will have to
excuse me if he wants to pass a bill.
Mr. PRATT. I did not suppose there would
be any objection inasmuch an thej«are House
bills which have^jeen carefully considered by
the Senate committee.
Mr. WTNDOM. With the consent of the
Senator from Kansas I move to take up House
bill No. 1182, providing for an additional land
office in Minnesota. 1 have a letter in my
hand from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office recommending it. i
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1182) to create !
an additional land district m the State of ;
Minnesota. It proposes to authorize the
President of the United States to establish an ,
additional land district in the State ot Mm- ;i
nesota, embracing all that part ot the presen
New Ulm land district lying north of the north ,,
line of township No. 110, and to fix, iFrom tune ;|
to time, the boundaries thereof, which shall ,
be named after the place at which the office ;
shall be first established; and the President,
is to have power to fix, from time to time, the .
location of the office for such district.. ,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read ,
the third time, and passed.
HOMESTBAD ENTRIES*
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
450. This bill was prepared by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. It relates
to making uniform the entries of land. W e
have two systems now, homesteads and pre-
emption, and the Commissioner in his annual
report recommended that the two systems be
consolidated into one. The Department of
the Interior prepared this bill, and the com-
mittee, after mature deliberation, have agreed
to report it. I move that it be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 450) to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section one, line
ten, after the word "thereof," to insert
"and the act entitled 'An act for the disposal
of the public lands for homestead actual set-
tlement in the States of Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida,' approved
June 21, 1806."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line two, after the word " shall," to strikeout
"make application;" and in line four, after
the words "land office," to insert "make
application."
Mr. POMEROY. That is a mere trans-
position.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
to insert after the words " United States," in
line eighteen, the words "or having made
such claim has been unable to perfect the
same, through no default on his or her part.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEllOY. Two words should be
inserted in the twenty-second lino on page 8.
After the word "upon," I move to insert
" making and so as to read, " upon making
and filing such affidavit."
The PKHSID1NU OFFICER. 1 ho amend-
ment will be agreed to if there he no objec-
tion. in
The next amendments of the Committee on
Public Lands were in lines tliirty-gix and thirty-
seven of section two, to strike out the words
"and that they have borne true allegiance to
the Government of the United Mates; in
line thirty-eight, after the word "citizen, to
insert the words "or citizens;" in line thirty-
nine, after the word "as," to strike out the
words "in other cases" and insert the word
"herein so as to make the proviso rend:
Provided, however. That no certificate shall bo
given or patent issued therefor until the expiranou
of fivo years from the date ol such entry; unci if. at
the expiration of such tuno, or at any luno wifhsn
two years thereafter, any person making such entry,
or if he be dead, his widow, or in ease of her death,
his heirs or devisee, or, in enso of tho widow making
such entry, her hcirsordevisco, in case of her deat h,
shall prove Oy two credible witnesses that ho oi she
or they have resorted upon and cultivated the same
for the term of live years immediately succeeding
the .late of entry, and shall make affidavit hat no
port of said land has been alienated : then. Hi such
ease, lie, ehe, or they, if at that time a ctiijierii or oiti-
■/.ens of the United btnlcs, shall bo entitled to a
patent as herein provided by law.
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendments were in line forty-
three of section two, to strike out the woid
"and," at the commencement of the line, and
insert the words "under the certificate or,
and after the word " fee," in the same line,
to insert the words "under the patent;" so
that the second proviso will read:
And provided further. That in case of tho dentil of
tvuh father and mother, leaving an infant, child or
ch^'dren under twenty-one years of age. the right
under the certificate or fee under the p.itcnt shall
inure to the benefit of said inlant child er children
to the exclusion of any other person oi heiu, &o.
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment was in the proviso to
section four, line eleven, to strike out, after
the word "within," the word "two" and
insert the word "four;" so (is to read:
That all contests based on alleged prior settlement
shall be initiated within fear months from the date
of entry of either of tho claimants.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendments were in section five,
line oiioi after the word " land" to insert the
words "at the date of this act;" iti lino four,
to insert after the -word " mineral" the words
"coal or saline;" to strike out the words
"lving contiguous to," in the same line, and
insert the words "and adjoining;" so that
the section will read :
Src. 5. That any oorson owning and residing on
land at the date of this act may enter, under thei pro-
visions ofthis act,, other unappropriated public lands
of the United States not mineral, coal, or saline, and
adjoining his or her land, and which shall not in the
aggregate exeeod, togothor with the land soalroady
owned and occupied, one hundred and sixty acres of
minimum, or a proportionate quantity of double
minimum land.
Tho amendments wero agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven,
lino two, to strike out after the word " shall "
the words "in any event become," and to in-
sert the word " be ;" so as to make the scction
read:
SRC. 1, That no lands acquired under tho pro-
visions of this not shall bo liable to tho satisfaction
of any debt or dobts contracted prior to the issuing
of the eortifieato thoroibr.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out tho
thirteenth section, in the following words :
Sko. 13. That any officer, soldier, or sailor, who was
in the actual military or naval service of tho United
States during tho rebellion, and honorably dis-
charged therefrom, shall, upon presenting proof of
su«h servieo, bo allowed tho time said ollieer, boI-
dier, or sailor was so in the servieo as a part of tho
fivo years' settlement and cultivation required by
this not: Provide!, howrrrr. That, such person shall
prove not less than two years' actual settlement and
cultivation by him on tho land settled upon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. I'OMKROY. There ought to be some
words added to tho twelfth section: " at the
risk and expense of the applicant." ft allows
the applicant to send his fees to the office by
mail and at his own risk. There has been
some question whether the Government may
not bo held for those fees.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMKROY. In tho fourteenth section,
at the suggestion of the Commissioner of tho
General Land Office, after the word " testi-
mony," in the ninth line, 1 move to insert " and
official papers ;" and in the same line, afrertho
word" taken," to insert, "and preserved." It
relates to the official papers which the officers
take and preserve to secure any person in tho
title to his preemption.
'J'he amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [eight-
een] seventeen, line eight, to insert alter the
word " premises" tho words " and that no valid
adverse claim existed at the date of his occu-
pancy;." so that the section will read:
Sue. IIS] 17- That any person ubovo tho acre of
twenty-one years, and who is n citi/.en ot the United
States or who mtiv have declared his intention to
become such, shall bo ontitlod to outer, by purchase
with cash only, a tract ot land ui>t exceeding iorty
acres, a I a site for mechanical, commercial, or man-
ufacturing purposes, upon proof satisfactory to the
Commissioner of the General hand Uilico that is
in the actual possesion of ruch promises, and that
no valid adverse claim existed at the dale ot his
■ occupancy, and has occupied and held possession ot
I the same tor such purposes, for his own uso and ben-
efit, lor .1 period of not less than one year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the chairman
of the committee that the presentsection seven-
teen ill the bill as reported from the committee
is an innovation on the land system of the
United States. I do not remember having seen
it until to-day. Doubtless it was m committee
more than once when I waH present; yet I do
not remember it. I ask him whether he is
quite clear as to the propiiety of that change?
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator mean
section seventeen in brackets t
