1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2651
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is to strike out section [one hundred and sixty]
one hundred and fifty-nine, on page 59, and
in lieu thereof to insert:
That on newspapers andother periodicals sent from
a known office of publication to regular subscribers,
the postage shall be paid before delivery for not less
nor more than one Quarter, which payment may be
made either at the office of mailing or delivery,
commencing at any time; and the postmaster shall
account for said postage in the quarter in which it
is received.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is on page 63, line eight, of section [one hun-
hundred and seventy-one] one hundred and
sixty-nine, after the word "at " to insert " a
price not exceeding five per cent, over and
above," and afterthe word " thereon," in line
nine, to insert:
But no stamped envelope furnished by the Govern-
ment shall contain any lithographing or engraving,
and no printing except a printed request to return
the letter to the writer.
Mr. COLE. I think that should be altered.
I think it ought to allow it to be said simply
'• if not delivered within ten days, to be re-
turned to "  
Mr. RAMSEY. This amendment is in the
language of the amendment inserted iu the
appropriation bill, substantially.
Mr. COLE. This would allow the adver-
tisement of business, which would not be the
case under the amendment which I suggest.
Mr. RAMSEY. We meant to follow the
language used m the Post Office appropriation
" bill.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that the latter part
of the amendment read, " and no printing
except a printed request in the following
words: "if not delivered within days
return to 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the amendment will be so modi-
fied. The question is on the amendment as so
modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The Chief Clekk. The next amendment
is on page 76, section two hundred and five,
line three, to strike out "seventeen" and
insert "sixteen;" and in line five strike out
" twenty two" and insert "twenty-one."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is on page 94, section two hundred and sixty,
line three, to insert after the words "United
States," the words " or of any steamship or
other vessel plying between ports of the Uni-
ted States ; " so that the clause will read :
That the Postmaster General may contract with
the owner or master of any steamboat plying upon
the waters of the United States, or of any steam-
ship or other vessel plying between ports of the
United States, for carrying the mail for any length
of time, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is to insert as an additional section on page 112
the following:
That any person who shall counterfeit the frank
of any person entitled to the franking privilege, or
willfully utter or use any counterfeit irank with the
intent to avoid the payment oi postage, shall, on
conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of a misde-
men,nor and be punished by fine not less than liity
dollars nor more than $500, or by imprisonment
not less lit an three mouths nor more than twelve
months, or by both fine and imprisonment m tke dis-
cretion of the court.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is a penal section,
and I think it had better be passed over.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the amendment be
adopted now, the matter will still be open for
future consideration.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is a penal section,
and I think it had better not be acted on now.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; if the Senator
insists on that, I suppose it must go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over.
Mr. SPENCER. On page 79, m section
[two hundred and twenty-three] two hundred
and twetitv-two, in line two, after the word
"arrangements." I move to insert " with rail-
road companies or others." I think that the
chairman will accept this amendment. The
section refers to the through mails from New
York to New Orleaus.
Mr. RAMSEY. I see no objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. The section relates to
the through mails between Portland and New
Orleans ; but it is not obligatory on the Post-
master General. It is discretionary with him
to do it or not.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not at this moment
see any objection to the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator who
moves this amendment what is the object of
it? Why should there be a difference of phrase-
ology in that section as compared with other
sections?
Mr. SPENCER. There is no difference of
phraseology as compared with other sections.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the law now pro-
vides that, he may do that same tiling.
Mr. SPENCER. Only with railroad com-
panies.
Mr. CASSERLY. Nothing is said in the
section about railroad companies, except as it
may be involved in the language " as may in-
sure the most speedy and certain connections."
Mr. SPENCER. The section if amended
as I propose will read :
That the Postmaster General may make such ar-
rangements, with railroad companies or others, for
the transmission of the great through mail between
Portland, Maine, and New Orleans, Louisiana, as
will insure the most speedy and certain connec-
tions, &.C,
It leaves it entirely discretionary with him.
Suppose he should want to make an arrange-
ment, not with a railroad company, but with
some private individual to carry the mail, as
the law now stands he could not make a con-
tract.
Mr. CASSERLY. As the section stands,
it leaves it entirely at large to make whatever
arrangements will insure in his opinion the
most speedy and certain connections.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know why the
section is needed at all. It is provided for
without that, section.
Mr. CASSERLY. He has discretion to
make the contract with such parties as will
give him the best service in regard to speed
and certainty. Is that what I understand the
Senator from Kansas to say ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; I understand it
as the Senator from California understands it.
Mr. CASSERLY. So 1 supposed; there-
fore I do not understand the object of insert-
ing " with railroads and others."
Mr. POMEROY. I do not. [ think it is
the law now.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not think it is the
law now. If an individual proposed to carry
the mail in twenty-four hours less than the
railroad companies were now carrying it in,
he could not do it, because the law compels
the Postmaster General to make his arrange-
ment with railroad companies.
Mr. CASSERLY. No; on the contrary,
I understand that nothing in this section com-
pels him to do that. It is a mere question of
who will give the most speedy and ceitain
service.
Mr. POMEROY. He can contract with
anybody who will carry the mail with the
greatest speed and most certainty and at the
least price.
Mr. RAMSEY. If he contracts with rail-
roads, he must contract at rates established by
law. If lie contracts with others it must be by
public letting. That is the only difference I
see. I have no objection to put this down as
an amendment, for eonsideralion. I propose
to have the bill with the amendments printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is always objec-
tion to inserting in a voluminous bill of this
kind embracing a great many subjects,, and
evidently the result of a good deal of study
and preparation in the Department, special
language m a particular part of it . I he effect
of it may be to disturb the construction of
other portions and make the section amended
in conflict with the general scope and purpose
of the bill. I would rather the Senator from
Alabama would reserve his amendment until
the Senate has something approaching a
quorum.
Mr. SPENCER. It will be reserved as all
other amendments are, to be stricken out here-
after if the Senate so desires.
Mr. CASSERLY. I mean to reserve offer-
ing it. The Senate understand perfectly well
that an amendment which may be put into this
bill to-night by a Senate with less than ten
persons present, or which may be put in, as
one was put in this evening, against my judg-
ment, and against the judgment of a majority
of those present, by one Senator, still requires
a majority of a quorum to-morrow to take it
out, and I do not think that we ought to put
the Seuate when it shall meet to-morrow and
will have a quorum, as it undoubtedly will, in
any such position.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
now order the bill to be printed as amended,
and then adjourn.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 think so.
Mr. SPENCER. Let the amendment bo
considered agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, that is precisely my
objection. 1 do not want, anything put in here
that I do not understand, and which if it gets
in will take a majority of a quorum to get
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ak-
thony. ) It does not require a majority of a
quorum to take it out. The understanding
was, when this evening was assigned for this
bill, that the bill was to be reported to the
Senate, that no vote waa to be taken in tho
Senate upon concurring in any amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole. Every
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole excepted must receive an affirmative
vote before it can be adopted in the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. But the question may be
taken on them all collectively unless some
Senator desires an exception.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly,
but any amendment excepted must receive an
affirmative vote.
Mr. CASSERLY. If that is the under-
standing, 1 have no objection to the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Alabama being in-
serted ; only I wish, in order to have better
language, that he would make his amendment
read "such arrangement with railroad com-
panies or any other parties."
Mr. SPENCER. I am willing to accept
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is so modified, and will be considered
agreed to, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. OONKLING. 1 wish to make a sug-
gestion to the chairman of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, which I hope he
will consent to. He has in the bill a provis-
ion which allows anybody sending letters at a
distance to withhold willfully, it'he pleases, a
portion of the postage which ought to be paid,
which is prescribed. That letter goes on its
way withoutdetention, and the person to whom
it is addressed by paying merely the residue,
the unpaid postage, takes his letter. As the
law stands now, if a letter is put in the post
office to go to any place nearby, but out of the
post office delivery, being a drop letter, and by
inadvertence one cent of the postage which
should be prepaid is omitted; in other words,
if by accident a two-cent stamp is put on when
a three-cent stamp would be proper, the letter
comes to Washington to the dead-letter office
and is returned ultimately to the man who
wrote it.
Now, the chairman has in the bill a partial
cure, or more strictly speaking, a cure for a
part of this injustice. I will lellyou what, itis.
He psovides that m such aease as i have stated,
