2652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
■where the post offices, the one from which the
letter went and the one to which it is addressed,
shall be within three miles of each other,
(which is a very narrow limit,) the letter may
proceed, the party to whom it is addressed
paying double-the postage which should have
been paid upon it.
I think 1 have a right to complain of his
amendment in two rcspects. In the first
place, three miles is too narrow a limit. For
example a letter is mailed at the post office in
New York on Nassau street; it is addressed
to somebody who lives in the eastern district
of Brooklyn; it goes to the Williamsburg
post office, so called, that, I think, is a little
more than three miles, perhaps it is four
miles, possibly four miles and a fraction from
the New York post office. I think the distance
prescribed here should be greater; but be the
distance as it may, I ask the chairman why
that man, innocently erring as to the stamp he
puts on, without fault or design, using a two-
cent stamp, forgetting at the moment that the
letter is to cross the ferry and go technically
outside of the post office delivery, although
really it is a drop letter, going to somebody
who lives in the bed-room of New York, as
they call the city of Brooklyn ; why should
such a person or his correspondent be punished
by having the postage doubled upon him, when
the same man may send all over the country
to greater distances his letters, and willfully if
he chooses withhold a stamp, and yet these
letters go and be received and paid for with-
out one penny of postage being added lo them ?
1 know 1 can get this up when the Senate is
full, and have a vote on it.
Mr. RAA1SEY. I beg the Senator to take
that course, lie will recollect that he inter-
rupted the passage of the bdl about a year or
eighteen months since on this very question.
It lias been amended, 1 think, as far as the
Senate will go in that direction. It is excep-
tional legislation in behalf of his constituents
who seem not to know the difference between
a, two-cent and three-cent stamp. [Laughter.]
That is all; it is for no other part of the coim-
tiy.
Mr. CASSEHLY. J must correct the chair-
man. On the contrary I think X have heard
m my short lime here frequent complaints of
that very difficulty between Washington and
Georgetown.
Air. RAA1SEY, I never heard of it. I
thought it was confined to New York and
Williamsburg.
Mr. CASSERIA*. My own idea is that this
whole subject of adjoining towns and cities as
to postage ought lo be made the subject of
separate provisions in the bill. There seems
to be what may really be called a palpable
absurdity in our whole system of postage
charges as between places situated like Wash-
ington and (ieoigetown, New York and Jer-
sey City, Brooklyn and New York, and so oil.
1 think the whole of our system in that regard
ought to be revised and put, on a different foot
ing.
Mr. IIAAISEY. There is no country in the
world that does as much service for t hree cents
as does the Post Oflice Department of this
Government. England does not do any such
service. She gets two cents for about one
fiiih pait of the transportation of the mails
we do here. No country in the world does as
much service for the same amount of money.
Now, the Senator asks that iu New York 'and
Brooklyn where by mistake they place a drop-
letter stamp upon a letter, it shall pass oil
nevertheless. That is denied to any other part
ol the country. As soon as you initiate that,
of course your whole postal system is gone.
Alt. CONKLING. Why?
Air. ItAAlSEY. Because everybody will
put a two cent postage stamp on.
Mr. CONKLING. Why does not everybody
put a two-cent postage stamp now on letters
going to a distance 1
Mr. RAMSEY. Because we prohibit it.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I ask my friend to
attend a niir.ute, because he comes frotn a part
of the country where they understand the
difference between two cents and three cents,
I infer from what he says, and he thinks my
constituents' do not. If they do not under-
stand that difference, I think they can under-
stand this proposition: under the law as it is
now a man may mail a letter for California or
any other distant point, omit purposely a three-
cent stamp and put ou a two-Cent stamp, and
that letter goes without one moment's hin-
derance, pays simply the balance of postage.
Why does not that break up the prepayment
system ?
Air. RAMSEY. The Senator is mistaken.
A letter that should have a three-cent stamp,
having ou it but a two-cent stamp goes to the
dead-letter office.
Air. CONKLING. Does the Senator mean
to say that?
Air. RAMSEY. I say that.
Air. CONKLING. Possibly the Senator will
catch me on the two cent stamp, and there-
fore as he knows the difference between two
cents and three cents, I will get to some
larger denomination. Here is a letter which it
requires nine cents postage to carry; there
should be three three-cent stamps upon it, now
there is one three cent stamp and it is ad-
dressed to a place a thousand miles distant,
it goes there and when it reaches its destina-
tion, how much does the person receiving
that letter pay to get it out of the office? How
much docs the honorable Senator say he
pays ?
Air. IiAMSEY. I will say to the Senator
that you must pay in full rate upon every let-
ter you send, if you send a distant letter, in
order that, it may be received at the delivery
oflice you must, put, a three-cent stamp upon it.
Air. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
will answer t he question put to him, I shall be
obliged lo him. If 1 put on a three-cent
stamp when I ought to put on a nine cent
stamp, and the letter has to travel a thousand
miles, how much is the balance ot postage
charged to the man who gets it?
Air. KAA1SEY. Six cents.
Mr. CONKLING. Why does not that break
up the prepayment system? Does not the
honorable Senator know that drop-letters are a
drop in the bucket, if 1 may play on the word,
compared with the general correspondence of
the country? And yet he is going to make
this crowded Senate, full as it is, believe that
you will break up the prepayment system if
you allow women who are not much accus-
tomed to corresponding and make a mistake
iu putting on a two-cent stamp instead of a
three cent stamp, because they forget that it is
to go across the ferry to Brooklyn or to go
across the line between here and Georgetown—
lie is to trip ihem up by sending to the dead
letter office, or else to have double postage paid,
because if you do not you will break up the
prepayment system I Does not the Senator
see the fallacy of it?
If the argument is good for anything at all,
it must be applied to the general postal ser-
vice of the country. You let the great, body
of the people go free and say that does not
break up the prepayment system ; but if you
let off the few people who accidentally fall into
the mistake of doing this, that will break up
the prepayment system.
Now, Air. President, if I may be allowed the
expression, that is too thin. Aly constituents
may not know the difference between a two
and a three-cent stamp; the Senator says
they do not; but they are sharp enough to
see through this, even if it had not a hole in
it, and there is a pretty large hole in it, 1
think. I wish the Senator would allow this
amendment to be made. He says I once
interrupted this bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. On this very question.
Mt\ CONKLING. I remember that on one
occasion some of my colleagues came over
from the other House, came in here under
great anxiety, and expressed to me in terms
which perhaps it would not be decorous for
me to repeat, the astonishment they felt at
finding that this committee, or any member of
it, was going to insist on such a thing as that
after his attention was called to it, and they
appealed to me to offer an amendment. I did
offer it. My recollection is that not more than
five minutes were consumed in the discussion
of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. About an hour, according
to my recollection, and the bill went over upon
that question.
ilr._ CONKLING. Well, Mr. President,
my friend is like a sun-dial; he marks only
the sunny hours. "About an hour," he says.
What an idea! I venture to say that not five
minutes were occupied, although on th-it occa-
sion he delivered one of his declamatory ora-
tions to the Senate.
Air. RAAISEY. I will appeal to the Globe.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator appeals to
the sepulcher of buried epochs. He thinks
nothing will come out, and therefore he appeals
to that. But, Mr. President, I shall not pass
this now without a vote of the Senate if the
Senator will not concede it. I should be very
immodest if 1 should pretend about general
matters of the Post Office to understand any-
thing as compared with my friend ; but I do
understand this business of drop letters, and I
understand it because of the many complaints
which have been made to me, and I say there
is no defense of this provision except one
which would require its applicat ion to all the
correspondence of this couutry, and I say that
it is offensive to good judgment and to good
sense, and 1 think this Senate when it is thin,
perhaps—not when it is crowded as it is now,
bec ause the Senator gets up here and declaims
and runs the force of members over me—but
take the Senate when it is reduced toa proper
point, when there shall not be much more
than a quorum here, and 1 think a majority
would be found to say that the same thing
which is good law and good practice for other
people shall be good practice for those whose
correspondence and business is such that they
send local letters and are punished as nobody
else is.
Now, I hope the Senator will allow this
amendment to be made, and just strike out
that double postage. 1 think the three miles
is an iniquity.
Mr. ItAAlSEY. I am satisfied the Senator
cannot maintain his position. It is too late to
settle this question now.
Air. POAlEliOY. Before we vote, let us,
by unanimous consent, Older the bills to be
printed with the amendments.
Air. CONKLING. But let this amendment
be made to strike out double postage.
Mr. RAAISEY. The Senator can make the
motion when we get into the Senate.
Air. CONKLING. The Senator d oes not
say so, but from looking at his face I infer he
consents to strike it out.
Air. RAMSEY. I prefer to let it go in the
present shape to the Senate, and then let the
Senator move his amendment.
Air. CHANDLER. I rise to a question of
order.
Air. CONKLING. The Senator from Min-
nesota talks worse than he looks. He looks
so benign and calm that 1 thought he agreed
to this.
Air. CHANDLER. I rise to a point of
order. There are three men talking at once,
and that is contrary lo rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alinnesota has the floor.
Mr. POAIEliOY. I ask that an order be
entered that the bill, with the amendments,
be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be entered, there being no objection.
Mr, POAIEKOY. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn.
