3548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. CASSERLY. No; the seventeenth
section without the brackets.
Mr. POMEROY. That was discussed con-
siderably in committee, and my own opinion
was that we had better dispense with the whole
section. It relates to parties preempting for
mechanical, manufacturing, or commercial
purposes. The committee did not act upon
it. My opinion was that the committee had
better strike out the section, but I was not
authorized by the committee to so report.
If the Senator from California desires me to
do so, I will move to strike out the section
entirely.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest that.
Mr. POMEROY. I move, then, to strike out
the seventeenth section, not the section in
brackets, but the seventeenth section as it now
stands, the eighteenth section of the House
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the attention of
the chairman to the following section, which
seems to me to be simply a reenactment of
the law as it has heretofore been, at least since
the system of land grants to railroads was
commenced.
Mr. POMEROY. I ought to say that this
is nearly all a reenactment of existing law.
It is to consolidate the existing laws into one
act.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is true; but does
the Senator regard it as necessary to reenact
section eighteen fixing the lands remaining to
the United States within the limits of railroad
grants at double the minimum price?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not, except for the
fact that there are one or two grants in which
this provision has been omitted. We gen-
erally put it in, but my attention was called
at the Department to one or two grants where
it was omitted, and it was thought best to put
it into this act, so that it should apply to all
grants.
Mr. CASSERLY. My own impression has
been for some time, ever since I came to be-
stow much thought upon the subject, that the
double minimum price is a mistaken policy,
whether with regard to the interest of the
Government or of the settlers or of the rail-
roads. The vital point to the Government of
the United States is that its lands shall be
settled as rapidly as possible.
Mr. POMEROY. These double minimum
lands get taken first; that is the experience.
Mr. CASSERLY. Suppose they are, it
insures a more rapid settlement of those lands
in the first place, and in the next place, when
those lands are settled, it will follow as a neces-
sary consequence that the adjoining lands will
sGttlfeci
Mr. POMEROY. The adjoining lands be-
long to corporations generally.
Mr. CASSERLY. I mean the adjoining
lauds of the United States, those nearest that
belonging to the United States will then be set-
tled. The railroad will gain by every settle-
ment that is made. Every settlement that is
made makes that much more business. It
seems to me that in any point of view, whether
general or particular, whether you speak of the
true interest of the Government, or the inter-
est ot' the settler, or the interest of the railroad
company, it is very doubtful whether the prac-
tice of doubling the price of the lands remain-
ing in the United States within the limits of a
railroad grant should be adhered to. I would
be very glad to have some consideration of the
question.
Mr. POMEROY. As this does not change
the existing law, I would not undertake to
repeal the acts now in operation. I do not
care particularly to have the section in this
bill, because it does not affect the state of the
case as provided by law now. This rebnacts
a provision which has been in nearly all (Jut-
land grant bills. If the Senator desires to
have it out of this bill, I have no objection ;
but the Department thought it ought to be in
this bill in harmony with the laws on the sub-
ject.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is, of course, desir-
able to have the whole law on the subject,
especially one as important as the subject of
the public lands, in one act. Therefore, my
objection is not to having such a section in the
bill. I call the attention of the chairman,
whose long and varied experience on this sub-
ject we all know, to the question that I pre-
sented, and that is the only question I desire
now to raise, whether the time has not come
to abandon what I regard as a false policy of
doubling the prices of lands remaining to the
United States within the limits of railroad
grants.
Mr. POMEROY. If it was a new question
it would be open to grave doubt, in my opin-
ion, but it has been the practice of the Gov-
ernment since 1856; it adheres to all our
grants, and I do not think it advisable now in
this act to make any change. If the section
was stricken out this bill it would make no
difference, and I should not think it advisable
in this act to repeal the laws on this subject,
because some of them have been partially
administered upon ; some settlers have taken
the land at the double price, and if you repeal
the law there will be others alongside of them
who would get land at $1 25 an acre. It
would work injustice and cause dissatisfaction,
I think, to repeal it at this time. I do not
think we had better do it.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the pi-esent system is
to be adhered to, or if it is to be changed in
respect to the price of the sections now under
discussion, this section should remain in the
law. As I said, it is desirable to have the
entire body of statutory enactments in regard
to the public lands of the country in one act;
but I suggest to the Senator trorn Kansas
whether the fact, that we commenced wrong
about this (which he seems to admit) is a
reason for continuing to be wrong, and whether
it is not rather a reason for correcting the
error originally committed. The Senator says
that if we could reduce the prices of lands
within the limits of railroad grants to $1 25 an
acre, the result would follow that one man
would have paid $2 50 for his land, when his
neighbor upon the next quarter section of
United States lands would get them for $1 2-5
per acre. The Senator nods assent; in other
words, that, is his position ; I ask him whether
that, in his judgment, is a serious reason
against the change? That is something which
occurs in the daily transactions of men in re-
gard to lands. It is a thing of frequent occur-
rence that one man will succeed in making a
better bargain for his lands in the same neigh-
borhood than another, although there will be
no substantial difference in the quality of the
lands. I do not see that any injury will be
done to any one, and least of all to the pur-
chaser who has already bought at $2 50, if
we shall allow the man who comes next to him
and buys the nearest quarter section of United
States lands to purchase atSjjil 25 an acre.
I regard this as a very important subject,
so important that unless there is substantial
unanimity of opinion in the Senate about it
now, I am not disposed to press it to a vote;
but I wish the Senate to keep this in mind, that
the theory of our land system from the begin-
ning has been that the true interest of the Gov-
ernment was in having the land settled with
all reasonable dispatch ; thatthe growth of the
country has been owing to our adherence to
that system. Wherever we have departed
from it, we have done so, I think, to the injury
of the country. One dollar and twenty-five
cents an acre was fixed upon after full con-
sideration, and has been adhered to as the
minimum price of Government land ; that is
to say, as the price at which the Government
could afford to dispose of its lands to actual
settlers.
I am not certain that it would not have been
a better policy from the beginning for the Gov-
ernment to have given these lands gratuitously
to actual settlers; in other words, to have
applied from the beginning the same principle
which the Government finally and wisely
adopted in regard to one class of settlers,
namely, homestead settlers. I believe the gen-
eral concurrence of opinion is that the home-
stead system has worked well. So far as there
has been any tendency to change in our sys-
tem it has been in that direction.
The principle of doubling the price of the
Government lands remaining within the limits
of railroad grants arose from the idea that in
that way the Government would really suffer
nothing by the grant to the railroads, that it
would make up by the sale of several quarter
sections at the double price all that it could
have lost by giving away to the railroad the
railroad sections within the same limit. But,
sir, I submit that that is not a very substantial
idea, nor is it one that will bear examination.
Mr. POMEROY. I will take this subject
up in committee with the Senator; it wants to
be considered very carefully before we change
our whole system. I will spend all the time
possible with the Senator in committee if he
clesi res
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not understand the Senator from Califor-
nia to have made any motion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have not. I have
merely called the attention of the Senate to a
subject that I propose, if after more considera-
tion I shall not change my mind, to bring to its
notice, perhaps more distinctly, at some future
time. I refrain now from pressing it for a vote,
because the day is appropriated to such bills
as are likely to pass without any very serious
discussion. If the Senate were substantially
agreed with me in the view that I have pre-
sented, somewhat casually and hastily, then
of course I should ask for an amendment to
the section now before me to reduce the price
of these lands remaining in the United States
within the railroad limits to $1 25 an acre.
Under the circumstances, however, I refrain
from doing that, but I hope that in the Public
Lands Committee we shall be able to con-
sider that subject at an early day.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a sug-
gestion on that matter. The raising of the
lands to double the minimum price has been a
great advantage to settlers. That has kept
scrip out. It is true, it has made railroad
grants unpopular, because the scrip men can-
not get the even sections ; but it has kept the
scrip men out from the railroad limits. The
scrip has never been extended to double min-
imum lands, and there is no proposition of
that kind before Congress ; but I see several
bills now to issue land warrants to soldiers,
and other bills to make homestead rights as-
signable. 4 am afraid of propositions for
warrants. My friendfrom Vei^nont [Mr. Mor-
rell] has a bill for another batch of warrants.
Mr. POMEROY. He has withdrawn that.
That subject is not immediately before the
Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I know; but I simply
say these double minimum lands have thus far
furnished a place for the settler to go, and
keep the land free from scrip.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 wish to say a few words
in regard to the suggestion of the Senator
from Nevada. I am glad he has made-it, be-
cause that does not present the slightest, diffi-
culty in the way of the view I have been sug-
gesting. Of course, in reducing these lands
to $1 25 an acre, the object would be not to
permit scrip to bo located on them, and all
that is necessary is to reserve the lands so
reduced in price to settlement under the home-
stead and preemption laws, and only those.
The same equities, the same rights that have
thus far reserved these lands as against scrip
and warrants, would of course operate, and
should operate by law to reserve them if they
should be put back again to the minimum
price.
