1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3549
Mr. STEWART. I only suggested that as
"a matter to be considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would remark that there is no immediate
question before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. This is rather an import-
ant question whether scrip should get inside
these grants, and I wanted to call the atten-
tion of the chairman to the benefit which the
double minimum had been. I have no objec-
tion to reducing the price, but we should be
careful about it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I try to guard these
points carefully in committee, as a rule.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
oregon agricultural college lands.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands reported a Senate bill, No. 585, and the
House have sent over an exact copy, but the
number is 1297. I report now the House bill
in place of Senate bill 585. They are both
alike, and are merely to extend the time for
selecting agricultural college lands in Oregon.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1297) amendatory of
an act entitled "An act donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agricultural
and mechanic arts," passed July 2, 1862, and
acts amendatory thereto. The bill provides
that the lands granted to the State of Oregon,
forthe establishment of an agricultural college,
by act of Congress of July 2, 1802, and acts
amendatory thereto, may be selected by that
State from any lands within the State subject
to homestead or preemption entry under the
laws of the United States; and in any case
where land is selected by the State, the price
of which is fixed by law at the double minimum
of $2 50 per acre, such land shall be counted
as double the quantity toward satisfying the
grant,. Any such selections already made by
the State, and the lists duly filed in the proper
district land office, are confirmed, except so
far as they may conflict with any adverse legal
right existing at the passage of the act.
Mr. CORBETT. I move the following
amendment:
Provided, That such lands shall not be sold by said
State for less than $2 50 per acre, and where settle-
ment is mude upon the same, preference m alt cases
shall be given to said actua l settlers at the pnee tor
which said lands may be offered.
Mr. STEWART. I would suggest to the
Senator from Oregon that he had. better put
in a limitation that they shall be sold only to
settlers, and shall not be sold to one man, and
have him locate the whole of that scrip in one
place. You had better limit that. I merely
make the suggestion. You will find the pop-
ple of Oregon will be better pleased with it.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to that
suggestion. I think it is very wise and proper.
Let the amendment be read as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That such lands shall not-be sold by
said State for less than 50 an acre, and to actual
settlers only.
Mr. STEWART. That in Nevada has
worked well; they have begun it there to some
exte nt
Mr. POMEROY. It is a restriction not in
the original act, but I have no objection if the
Senators from Oregon have none.
Mr. STEWART. No doubt it will do Ore-
gon good.
Mr. KELLY. My colleague and myself
had agreed upon an amendment. I am really
opposed to any amendment of the bill, because
Itniuk the State is" quite capable of regu.at-
ing its own affairs. V\ c certainly might tiuu
-something to a sovereign State. this grant
was made in 1862 to Oregon the same as to
other States. Now, why an exception is to be
made 
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better let
it go as the two Senators from Oregon had
arranged the amendment. It relates to the
agricultural college land in that State.
Mr. STEWART. I have only made a sug-
gestion. In Nevada, in 1866, I had all the
lands granted to her reduced to one class, the
five hundred thousand acre grant, &c., and
provided for all the lands being sold to actual
settlers, and it has saved the State from being
overrun. „I resisted the scheme for swamp
and overflowed lands, and would not let any
such bill be passed, although plenty of petitions
came here for it. These restrictions have
been beneficial there, and I believe they will
be in Oregon; but if the Senators from Oregon
wish to have these lands taken in large bodies
I will not interpose.
Mr. CORBETT. I think there is no objec-
tion to this amendment if my colleague will
hear it read. It is, that sales shall be made to
actual settlers.
Mr. KELLY. I will state the reason why I
oppose this amendment. I think that where
lands are donated to a State for the purpose of
an agricultural college, they ought to be sold
for the highest amount that can be got for them,
at public auction if necessary, or if not, by
some provision of law, and the State of Oregon
has passed a law on the subject, and it seems
to me that we might trust to that State to dis-
pose of these lands for the benefit of the peo-
ple and for the benefit of the college.
I am willing to trust the Oregon Legisla-
ture for that, and I was willing to trust the
price of the lands to the same body. My col-
league and I differed as to the limit of price,
but finally we agreed upon an amendment
leaving open the amount to be sold to any
person who would bid for it, it mattered not
what amount;- that is, provided the Slate
thinks proper to dispose of the lands in that
way. Why the Senator from Nevada should
interfere I do not know. It seems to me the
Oregon Legislature know quite as much as
either of us or the Senator from Nevada about
the proper disposition of these lands. Why
not, as you have done with all other States,
let that State dispose of them as she sees fit'!
I am willing, as 1 said, to yield to the amend-
ment as my colleague and myself agreed upon
it before the suggestion of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us take the vote.
Mr. STEWART. You cannot take the vote
now. I do not understand that I have not a
right to make a suggestion in regard to public
lands. I undertake to say that the States
which have had the administration of this fund
have all failed to administer it, Oregon in-
cluded. California has made a botch of it
from beginning to end.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator undoubt-
edly knows a great deal more than I do on all
conceivable subjects but one, and I do not
know but that on that he knows more than I
do, and yet 1 do not think he does; that is,
what the State of California has done with her
agricultural college laud grant. She lias a
university to show for it thatwe hope, with the
consent of the Senator from Nevada, may yet
be something of which any American citizen
may be proud.
Mr. STEWART. I happen to know more
about what California has done with her land
than the Senator  _
Mr. CASSERLY. That is what I said.
Mr. STEWART. I lived in California ten
years and know something about it, and I have
the floor now, and 1 undertake to say that 1
have a right to protest against the sale of lands
in large quantities either in Oregon or Cali-
fornia or anywhere else. I might call atten-
tion in this connection, but I do not do it as
the swamp and overflowed land bill is not up,
to the condition of the swamp and oveittowed
land grants.
Mr. POMEROY.
Mr. CASSERLY.
Wait until that conies up.
That is not relevant.
Mr. STEWART. It would be perfectly rel-
evant to show how California and other States
have manipulated t.heir swamp and overflowed
lands, their school lands, their five hundred
thousand acres for internal improvements,
and to show how they have shingled their
States with warrants and scrip, and to show the
difference between the administration there
and the administration in Washington. If
you sell this land to the highest bidder, and
issue scrip in Oregon, it will be bought by
speculators and located in your best valleys to
the exclusion of settlers. That is what will
be done there.
After the bill was passed in California, a
few men got hold of a lot of the scrip, and
in Amador county they made an attempt to
locate fifty thousand acres of woodland, which
would have cut off the entire timber from the
miners there. The public got hold of it; the
outrage becamc so apparent that it was stopped
soon after the attempt was made. More than
twenty telegrams came here to the Depart-
ment, and some came to me from men mining
in Amador county, in California, because of
the attempt to use scrip in that way.
I voted for the bill that allowed California
to locate hers, because I had faith in the re-
gents of that university. They told me they
would not allow it to be abused ; they would
not allow it to be sold so that it should go into
the hands of speculators. When these com-
plaints were made 1 telegraphed myself, and
they remedied the evil. 1 think they in-
tended to carry out the law in good faith, but
even t.hey had a good deal of trouble, and are
having trouble now in guarding it against fall-
ing into the hands of speculators and becom-
ing a curse to the State.
There is great danger when these lands are
sold in large quantities ill Oregon, or any-
where else, of their falling into the hands of
speculators.
I do not care to consume time on this matter,
but if my right to speak on it is questioned, I
shall occupy it and discuss the subject in full.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not question the
right of the Senator from Nevada to speak on
this subject or any other, for 1 have been in
the Senate with him now since the 4t,b of
March, 1869, and I well know how futile an
attempt that would be on my part, even if I
were disposed to make such an attempt. I
questioned, simply, the right of the Senator
without any foundation to arraign the State
of California for maladministration of the
agricultural college lands.
Mr. STEWART. No, I did not do that at all.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I am happy to be
corrected.
Mr. STEWART. The public lands which
she received, many of them, were squandered.
You cannot take up a paper that you do not
see complaint of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator is certainly
mistaken.
Mr. STEWART. What I said was 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California yield to the Senator
from Nevada?
Mr. CASSERLY. I will not be like the
Senator from Nevada, and say " I have the
floor," and shut him off. I yield.
Mr. STEWART. The remark I made was
general with regard to the public lands. I
made the statement with regard to the scrip
that was issued. We allowed California to
take it in that way, and the regents of the
university told me the year before that if I
would make lio opposition it should not be
located in large quantities. An attempt was
made to locate it in a way to ruin two or three
counties ; but I understand that when it came
to the knowledge of the regents, they remedied
the evil and stopped the tning.
jfo. POMEROY. I understand that the
two Senators now agree on an amendment
Mr. CASSERLY. No; the two Senators
are not agreed.
