1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4 US1
the vote by which the House agreed to extend
the session.
Mr. DA.WES. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to say that the Senate 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to debate.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
106, noes, 25.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand tellers on the
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion to reconsider the vote was
laid upon the table.
promotion in staff corps.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
the adoption of the conference report made by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Cobxjrn,]
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
in regard to promotion in the staff corps of the
Army, on which there was no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw my demand
for a further count, as there is a quorum now
present.
The conference report was adopted.
mrs. eliza b. anderson.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the Senate have
sent us a substitute for House bill No. 2879,
granting a pension to the widow of Major Gen-
eral Robert Anderson, which I hope will be
taken up and considered. It appropriates
$10,000 to her.
The SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends
there will be no objection to suspending all
other business and taking up the bill.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read the bill as follows:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and lie is
hereby, directed to place the name of Eliza B. An-
derson, widow of the late Major General Robert
Anderson, on the pension-roll, and pay her a pen-
sion of fifty dollars per month from and after the
passage of this act.
The Clerk read the substitute of the Senate,
as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert: "that the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Eliza
B Anderson, widow of thelate Major General Rob-
ert Anderson, the sum of $10,000 in grateful recogni-
tion of that singular fidelity to public duly which
inspired said Robert Anderson, when a major m the
"United States Army, on the 26th day of December,
1860, without authority from the President and m
defiance of the wishes of the Secretary of War, to
assume the grave responsibility of transferring his
small command from Fort Moultrie to Fort Sumter,
in Charleston harbor, thereby incurring the double
reproach from the Government of his country that
he had acted without orders, and from the enemies
of his country that he had ' achieved the unenviable
distinction of opening civil war,' and at the same
time placing himself under the earliest and hottest
fire of the rebellion, and under those hardships which
wrecked his constitution and destroyed his lite.
Amend the title so as to read: An act tor the
relief of ElizaB. Anderson."
"Mr. DAWES. I move that the amendment
of the Senate be concurred in.
Mr. SHANKS. I move to strike out the
word " singular."
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no 1 There is no time to
spare, and that would send it back to the
gen
Mr. KELLOGG. It would kill the bill.
Mr. SHANKS. I withdraw the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Senate amendment
is unanimously concurredin.
message tltom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son. one of its clerks, informed the House that
the Seuate concurred in the resolution of the
House of Representatives extending the time
of the final adjournment of the two Houses to
six o'clock p. m.
repayment to the state of nevada.
Mr. KENDALL. I move that the rules be
suspended, that the bill (S. No. 1089) to
reimburse the State of Nevada for expenses
incurred while a Territory in purchase of a
pri^O'i, and in support of United States courts,
be taken from the Speaker's table and passed.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of
any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $60,000, to be received in
full payment of all claims against the United
States for expenses incurred by said Territory
of Nevada.
- Mr. KENDALL. I wish simply to state in
one word 
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sus-
pending the rules and passing the bill.
Mr. KENDALL. I hope the gentleman
will not object to my stating in one word that
this is a bill which has received the fullest and
most exhaustive examination by a committee
of the Senate, and that the State of Nevada
will only get under it one fifth of what she
felt she was entitled to have. The bill comes
in here 
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to debate.
. Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 move that the bill
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in
order if the House refuses to suspend the
rules and pass the bill.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
87, noes 49; two thirds not voting in the
affirmative.
Mr. KENDALL demanded the yeaa and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 118, nays 35, not voting 87; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Arthur, Averill,
Banks, Barber, Beck, Bell, Beveridge, Biggs, Bird,
Braxton, Bright, Buffintou, Roderick R. Butler,
Caldwell, Campbell, Cobb, Coghlan, Comingo, Con-
ner, Conner. Cotton, Critcher, Crocker, Crossland,
De Large, Dotman, Dox. Du Bose, Duell, Eames,
Eldredge, Elliott, Farwell, Forker, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye. Garrett, Got.'/,, Giddings,
Golladay, Hal deal an, Hancock, Handley, Harmer,
Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris. Havens,
Hawley. Gerry W. Hazeiton, John W. Hazelton,
Hereford, Hibbard, Hoar, Houghton, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kendall, Kerr, King, Lamison, Lewis, Lowe,
Manson, Marshall, McClelland. McHenry, Mc-
■J unkin, McNeely, Merriam, Merrick, Monroe,
Morgan, Leo <ard Myers, Negley, Packard, Isaac
C. Parker, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Piatt,
Poland, Price, Read, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis
H. Roberts, Sion H. Rogers, Sawyer, Sessions, Shel-
labarger, Sherwood, Sbober, Slater, Slocum. John
A. Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather, Storm,
Sutherland, Swann, Taffe. Terry, Thomas, "Washing-
ton Townsend, Turner, Twichcll, Waddell, Wake-
man, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Williams of
Indiana, Winchester, and young—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Beatty, Bigby, Bingham,
Burchard, Burdett, Coburn, Darrali, Dunnell.
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Goodrich, Hay, Hays,
Holman, Iiillinger, Maynard, McCormick, McCrary,
McGrew, Mclntyre, Mereur, Morphis, Packer, Pen-
dleton, Pnndle, Edward Y. Rice, Shanks, Sprague,
Strong, Tyner, Walden, Wallace, Walls, and White-
ley—35. _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Barnum,
Barry, Austin Blair. James (I. Blair, Boles, Brooks,
Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Carroll, Clarke, Cox,
Crebs, Creely, Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Duke, Ely,
Henry D. Foster, Garfield, Griffith, Hale, Halsey,
Hambleton, Hanks, Herndon, Hill, Hooper,
Ketcham, Kinsella. Lamport, Lansing, Leach,
Lynch, McKee, McKinncy, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Moore. Morey. Niblack, Orr, Palmer,
Hosea W. Parker, Peck, Eli Perry. Porter, Potter.
Ramey, Randall, William R. Roberts, Robinson,
John Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk. Sargent. Scofield,
Seeley, Sheldon, Shoemaker, Sloss, H. Boardman
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, R.
Milton Speer, Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton,
Stowell, St. John, Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Tut-
hill, Upson, Van Trump. Vaughan, Voorhees, Wal-
dron, Wheeler, Willard, Williams of l*ew York,
Jeremiah M.Wilson, John T, "Wilson, and Wood—87.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were suspended and the bill
was passed.
messa&e from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsost,
one of their clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed without amendment
bills of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2780) for the relief of
W. W. Griffin; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1842) to grant the right
of way through the public lands to the East-
ern Nevada Railway Company.
theodore adams.
Mr. PETERS. I move that the rales be
suspended, and that the House non-concur in
the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 2046) for the relief of Theodore
Adams, and order a committee of conference.
Mr. HOLMAN. Would it be in order now
to move a short recess ? I do not think that
we have any very pressing business.
Mr. PETERS. I hope the gentleman will
wait a moment till this is disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. This question has already
been before the House. The question then
was on concurring in the Senate amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Peters] now moves that the Senate
amendments be non-concurred in, and a com-
mittee of conference ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill was before the
House some days ago on the motion to concur.
The House refused to concur, and the veas
and nays were called for.
The SPEAKER. That was not the motion
the gentleman now makes. His motion now
is that the Senate amendments be taken from
the Speaker's table and non-concurred in, and
a committee of conference requested of the
Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. That was the motion then
made; and the first question was, will the
House concur in the Senate amendment ?
The SPEAKER. Not so; under a motion
for a suspension of the rules the question can
be put.the other way.
Mr. HOLMAN. But it is exactly the same
bill on which the House was acting.
The SPEAKER. The point that the gen-
tleman makes is that the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The call for the yeas
and nays can be now made.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the bill and
Senate amendments will be read, so that we
may understand them.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit that any other
form of putting the question 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will ob-
serve that on Saturday last the precise form
of question now proposed by the geutleman
from Maine [Mr. Peters] in this case was
proposed and put in reference t,o the enforce-
ment amendment to the sundry civil appro-
priation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman made the
same motion in regard to this bill, and the
question was, will the House concur in the
Senate amendments? Upon that question the
House divided, and the negative vote was very
heavy, and the yeas and nays were called.
Mr. PETERS. The yeas and nays werenot
ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. They were called.
The SPEAKER. No gentleman can lose
any right under this statement of the question.
The veas and nays can now be called.
Mr. PETERS. The House passed a bill
giving $112,000 
Mr. HOLMAN. If this is to be open for
debate generally, I have no objection.
Mr. PETERS. I only desire to state what
the bill is.
Mr. HOLMAN. And I should like to state
that, too.
Mr. MAYNARD. The bill is a very short
one, and I should like to have it read.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
The bill was read. It provides for the pay-
ment to Theodore Adams, out of any money
hereafter to be appropriated for that purpose,
the sum of $112,740 76, in full for all claims
under his contract with the Government of the
United States for the constrnction of thirty-
eight mortar-boats and eight steam-tugs;
The amendments of the Senate were, in line
five strike out " hereafter to be,and insert
"not otherwise;" in line six strike out the
words "for that purpose;" in lines six and
seven strike out "one hundred and twelve"
and insert " thirty-nine in line seven strike
out" seven" and insert "twof" in lines seven
