1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
Laws of the United States.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
au Sable, Lake Michigan, thirty-five thousand
dollars.
For erection of a keeper's dwelling at Hol-
land, Lake Michigan, in place of a former
amount reverted to the Treasury, four thousand
dollars.
For erection of a light between White Pish
pointand Grand Island harbor, Michigan, forty
thousand dollars.
For erection of lights on the northern and
northwestern lakes, on piers belonging to the
United States, twenty thousand dollars.
For continuing the work on the depot for
the storage of oil and other supplies at Detroit,
Michigan, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For establishment of a light and fog-signal
at Point Fermin, California, twenty thousand
dollars.
For establishment of a first-class fog-signal
at Point Haeneme, California, ten thousand
dollars.
For erection of a light-house and fog-signal
to mark the entrance to the straits of Car-
quinas, California, twenty thousand dollars.
For first-class light and fog-signal at Piedras
Biancas, California, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
For rebuilding and re-establishing the steam
fog-signal station at Point Reyes, California,
ten thousand dollars.
For completing the light-house at Bolivar
roint, Texas, ten thousand dollars.
For the annual proportion of the expenses
of Cape Martel light, on tbe coast of Morocco,
;wo hundred and eighty-five dollars, to be
expended by the Secretary of State.
That appropriations for light house purposes
shall be available for expenditure for two years
after acts of Legislatures ceding jurisdiction
over sites: Provided, however, That this sec-
tion shall not apply to any general appropria-
tions for light-house purposes : And provided
further, That in no case shall any special
appropriation be available for more than two
years without further provision of law; and
the unexpended balances of appropriations for
special works under the Light-House Board
made by the act approved March third, eight-
een hundred and seventy-one, entitled " An
act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, and for other purposes," are
hereby re-appropriated for the purposes therein
specified.
LIGHT-HOUSE ESTABLISHMENT.
For repairs and incidental expenses in refit-
ting and improving light houses and buildings
connected therewith, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For salaries of seven hundred and thirty -
two light-house keepers and light-beacon
keepers, and their assistants, four hundred and
thirty-uine thousand two hundred dollars.
For seamen's wages, rations, repairs, sala-
ries, supplies, and incidental expenses of
twenty-five light-vessels, and seven relief light-
vessels, two hundred and sixty-one thousand
six hundred and forty-seven dollars and fifty
cents.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting,
repairing, removing, and supplying losses ot
buoys, spindles, and day beacons, and for
chains, sinkers, and similar necessaries, two
hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses in re-
newing, refitting, and improving fog-signals
and buildings eouuected therewith, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For expenses of visiting and inspecting lights
and other aids to navigation, two thousand
dollars.
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights 011 the Atlantic, Gulf, lake, and 1 acifie
coasts with oil, wicks, glass chimneys, chamois
skins, spirits of wine, whiting, polishing pow-
der, towels, brushes, soap, paints, and other
cleaning materials, and for expenses of repair-
ing and keeping in repair illuminating appa-
ratus and machinery, and of gauging, testing,
transportation, delivery of oil and other sup-
plies for light-houses, and other incidental
necessary expenses, three hundred and thirty-
one thousand seven hundred and seventeen
dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Public Lands.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Louisiana, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars; and for clerks in his office, one
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Florida, fuel, books, stationery, and other in-
cidental expenses, one thousand five hundred
dollars; and for clerks in hia office, one thou-
sand seven hundred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Minnesota, fuel, books, stationery, an# other
incidental expenses, two thousand two hun-
dred dollars; and for clerks in his office, three
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Dakota Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, two thousand dol-
lars ; and for clerks in his office, six thousand
three hundred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Kansas, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand dollars; and
for clerks in hia office, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Colorado Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars; and for clerks in his office, two thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
New Mexico Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars; and for clerks in his office, two thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
California, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, seven thousand dollars;
and for clerks in his office, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Idaho Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, two thousand five
hundred dollars; and for clerks in his office,
four thousand dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Nevada, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, three thousandseven hun-
dred dollars; and for clerks in his office, two
thousand three hundred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Oregon, fuel, books, stationery, and other in-
cidental expenses, two thousand dollars ; and
for clerks in his office, one thousand lour hun-
dred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general ot
Washington Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars; and for clerks in his office, three
thousand dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general ot Ne-
braska and Iowa, fuel, books, stationery, <tnd
other incidental expenses, two thousand dof
lars; and for clerks in his office, six thousand
three hundred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general ot
Montana Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars; and for clerks in his office, two thou-
sand dollars. . .
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Utah Territory, fuel, books, stationary, mo
other incidental expenses, one thousand etgnt
hundred dollars; and for clerks in his office,
seven hundred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Wyoming Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
five hundred dollars; and for clerks in his
office, two thousand dollars; and for a de-
ficiency in the appropriation for clerks for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two, seven hundred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Arizona Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, two thousand five
hundred dollars; and for clerks in his office,
one thousand dollars.
For rent of office of the Assistant Treasurer
of the United States at St. Louis, Missouri,
three thousand five hundred dollars.
Surveying the Public Lands.
For surveying the public lands in Louisiana,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per linear
mile for township and eight dollars for section
lines, eighteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Florida,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per linear
mile for standard, seven dollars for township,
and six dollars for section lines, eighteen
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Minne-
sota, at rates not exceeding fourteen dollars
per linear mile for standard lines, twelve dol-
lars for township, and ten dollars for section
lines, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Dakota
Territory, at rates not exceeding ten dollars
per linear mile for standard lines, seven dol-
lars for township, and six dollars for section
lines, sixty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Montana
Territory at rates not exceeding fifteen dol-
lars per linear mile for standard lines, twelve
dollars for township, and ten dollars for sec-
tion lines, fifty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Nebraska,
at rates not exceeding twelve dollars per linear
mile for standard lines, nine dollars for town-
ship, and six dollars for section lines, sixty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Kansas, at
rates not exceeding ten dollars per linear mile
for standard lines, seven dollars for township,
and six dollars for section lines, seventy thou-
sand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Colorado
Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dol-
lars per linear mile for standard lines, twelve
dollars for township, and ten dollars for sec-
tion lines, fifty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Idaho
Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dol-
lars per linear mile for standard lines, twelve
dollars for township, and ten dollars for sec-
tion lines, thirty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in New
Mexico Territory, at rates not exceeding fif-
teen dollars per linear mile for standard lines,
twelve dollars for township, and ten dollars
for section lines, twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Arizona
Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dol-
lars per linear mile for standard lines, twelve
dollars for township, and ten dollars for sec-
tion lines, fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in California,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per linear
mile for standard fines, fourteen dollars for
township, and twelve dollars for section lines,
sixty thousand dollars: Provided, That the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, in
his discretion, may hereafter authorize public
lands in said State, and also in Washington
Territory, densely covered with forest or thick
undergrowth, to be surveyed at augmented
rates, not exceeding eighteen dollars per linear
mile for standard parallels, sixteen dollars for
