810
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 10,
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
township, and fourteen dollars for section
lines.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon,
at a rale notexceedmg filteen dollars per linear
nnle for standard lines, fourteen dollars for
township, and twelve dollars for section lines,
fiity thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon,
situated westofthe Cascade mountains, densely
covered with forests of thick undergrowth, at
rates not exceeding sixteen dollars per linear
mile for township and section lines, twenty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Washing-
ton Territory, at a rate not exceeding fifteen
dollars per linear mile forstandard lines, four-
teen dollars for township, and twelve dollars
for section lines, seventy thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Utah Ter-
ritory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars
per linear mile for standard lines, twelve dol-
lars fur township, and ten dollars for section
lines, sixteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Nevada,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per linear
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines,
fifty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Wyoming
Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dol-
lars per linear mile forstandard, twelve dollars
for township, and ten dollars for section lines,
fony thousand dollars.
For completing the survey of the Fort Gra-
tiot military " 1 eservation, and marking the
streets and the blocks and lots already sold
therein, two thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
For survey of the eastern boundary of Cali-
fornia, at rates not exceeding fifty dollars per
linear mile for that part of the boundaiy lying
north of the initial point m Lake Bigler, esti-
mated to be two hundred and ten miles, and
seventy five dollars per mile for that part
included between said initial point and the
Colorado river, estimated to be four hundred
and ten miles, forty-one thousand two hundred
and fitiy dollars : Provided, That all the fore-
going appropriations for surveys of public
lands that are within the limiis of the railroad
land grants shall be conditional upon the com-
pliance ol said companies or parties in interest
with the requirements of the twenty-first sec-
tion of the act of July second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, entitled "An act to amend
an act to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Missouri river to
the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other pmposes," approved .Tuly first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, Statutes,
volume thirteen, page three hundred and sixty-
five.
For survey of the southern boundary of Wy-
oming Territory, at a rate not exceeding sixty
dollais per linear mile, estimated distance
three hundred and seventy miles, twenty-two
thousand two hundred dollars.
Fur the survey of western boundary of Kan-
sas, at a rate not exceeding forty dollars per
linear mile, estimated distance two hundred
and ten miles, eight thousand four hundred
dollars.
For survey of the northern boundary of
Nebraska, ata rate notexceeding forty dollars
per linear mile, the estimated distance being
two hundred and twenty miles, eight thousand
eignt hundred dollars.
For completion of survey now being exe-
cuted between the ninety sixth and ninety-
eighth meridian of west longitude, Indian ter-
ritory, ninety-eight thousand dollars.
For the continuation of the system of land
maps of the Committee on Public Lands,
under direction of the Clerk of the House,
five huudred dollars.
For survey of the northern boundary of
Nevada, at a rate not to exceed fifty dollars
per linear mile, fifteen thousand five hundred
dollars.
For constructing the connected maps of the
public lands in the States and Territories, and
procuring an engraved copper-plate thereof,
to be perfected by adding, from year to year,
the further surveys that may be made, three
thousand dollars.
Expenses of the Collection of Revenue from
Sales of Public Lands.
For salaries and commissions of registers
of land offices and receivers of public moneys,
at eighty-one land offices, four hundred and
fifty-one thousand two hundred dollars.
For incidental expenses of the land offices,
fifiv thousand one hundred and seventy-five
dollars.
For expensesof depositing moneys received
from sales of public lands, thirteen thousaud
dollars.
For expenses already incurred under in-
structions of the Secretary of the Interior
for suppressing depredations on the public
timber, and lor expenses yet to be incurred
during the fiscal years ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hnndred and seventy-two. and June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
ou the same account, ten thousand dollars.
Patent Office.
To provide for the plates of an official
gazette of the Patent Office abstracts of the
diawings of patents issued, forty thousand
dollars, to be exrended under the direction
of the Commissioner of Patents.
For deficiency in contingent, fund, caused
by carrying into effect the joint resolution of
January eleventh, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-otie, requiring the Commissioner of
Patents to keep on hand for sale copies of
all specifications and drawings of patents,
ten thousand dollars.
That forty thousand dollars of the appropria-
tion for lithographing, engraving, and so forth,
for the public priming during the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, be, and the same are hereby,
transferred to the appropriaiion for the Patent
Office, for plioto-lithograph!ng, printing, and
paper for the drawings of patents authorized
by the joint resolution approved January
eleventh, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
entitled " Joint resolution providing for pub-
lishing specifications and drawings of Patent
Office."
Metropolitan Police.
For salaries and other necessary expenses
of the Metropolitan police for the Distiietof
Columbia, two hundred and seven thousand
eight hundred and ninety dollars : Provided,
That a further sum, amounting to one hun-
dred and three thousand nine hundred and
lorty-five dollars, shall be paid to defray the
expenses of the said Metropolitan police force
by the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
and the county of Washington, beyond the
limits of said cities in the District of Colum-
bia, in the proportion corresponding to the
number of privates allotted severally to said
precincts ; and the corporate authorities of
said cities, and proper authorities of the
District of Columbia, are hereby author-
ized and required to levy a special tax, not
exceeding one third ol one per centum, which
shall be specially deposited oncein each week,
as such collections are made, to be appropri- ,
ated and expended for said purpose only, for \
the service of the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-three.
Government Hospital for the Insane.
For the support, clothing, medical and moral
treatment of the insane of the Army and Navy,
revenue-cutter, and volunteer service, who
may have become insane since their entry into
the service of the United States, and of the
indigent insane of the District of Columbia, in
the Government Hospital for the Insane, in-
cluding five hundred dollars for books, sta-
tioneiy, and incidental expenses, one hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the erection, furnishing, and fitting up
of an extension of the hospiial suf [f]icieut to
accommodate fifty-four patients of the excited
class, thirty seven thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For purchasing and setting four heating-boil-
ers, six thousand dollars.
For the purchase by the Secretary of the In-
terior for the agricultural and economical uses
of the hospital, twenty-nine and fory-one hun-
dredths acres of land and its appurtenances,
including cost of survey, examination of title,
and conveyance to the United States, ten thou-
sand dollars.
Cuumbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb.
For the support, of the institution, including
salaries and incidental expenses, the mainte-
nance of the beneficiaries of the United States,
and five hundred dollars for books and illus-
trative apparatus, forty-eight thousand dollars.
For continuing the work on the inclosure,
improvement, and grading of the grounds of
the institution, six thousand dollars.
To provide for payments due and unpaid on
July first, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
on the purchase by the institution of the estate
known as Ken[d]all Gieen, seventy thousand
dollars: Provided, That beforetheexpenditure
of any part of this appropriation, by proper
deeds of conveyance, to be approved by the
Attorney General of the United States, all the
real estate now owned by the said Columbia
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb shall be
vested in the United States as trustee, for the
sole use and purpose provided in the act enti-
tled ''An act to incorporate the Columbia In-
stitution for the Instruction of the Deaf, Dumb,
and Blind,'' apptoved February sixteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and the sev-
eral acts amendatory thereof: Provided, That,
whenever Congress shall so determine, any
part of said estate may be sold, and so much
of the proceeds thereof' as shall be needful for
the purpose shall be applied to reimburse the
United States for the expenditure herein pro-
vided.
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Asylum, and other Charities.
For the support of the Columbia Hospital
for Women and Lying-in Asylum, over and'
above the probable amount which will be re-
ceived from pay patients, eighteen thousand
three hundred dollars.
For purchase of the building now occupied
by said hospital, with forty thousand feet of
ground, twenty five thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That the title to said real estate shall
be vested in the United States for the use of
said hospital, and that no part of the real or
personal property now held or to be hereafter
acquired by said institution shall be devoted to
any other purpose than a hospital for women
and lying-in asylum without the consent of the
United States; and that in addition to the
directors, whose appointments are now pro-
vided for by law, there shall be three other
directors appointed in the following manner :
one Senator by the President of the Senate,
and two Representatives by the Speaker of the
llouse; these directors shall hold their office
for the term of a single Congress, and be eligi-
ble to a reappointment.
For alteration and repairs of said building,
five thousand dollars, to be expended under
the direction of the board of directors of said
institution.
