THM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
Mr. McINTYRE introduced a bill (H. R.
No, 2357) to relievo from political disabilities
certain persons therein named ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
civil service reform.
Mr. WHITELEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2358) to improve the civil service; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the select Committee on the Reorganization
of the Civil Service of the United States, and
ordered to be printed.
SAMUEL HUNT.
Mr. BIGBY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2359) for the relief of Samuel Hunt; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr PRICE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2360) to remove the political disabilities of
certain citizens therein named ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SLOSS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2361) to remove the legal and political dis-
abilities of certain citizens of the State of
Alabama; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAYS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2362) for the relief ol certain citizens from polit-
ical disabilities; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
charles s parrisii.
Mr. SYPHER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2363) to indemnify Charles S. Parrish, of
Louisiana; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
11. B. TODD.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2364) to relieve R. B. Todd, of Louisiana, from
political disabilities ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to tbe Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
CHRISTIAN MOBNIINOKG.
Mr. MOREY also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 2365) for the relief of Christian Mornh-
noeg; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
TAllIi/I? ON WOOL.
Mr. UPSON presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of tbe State of Ohio, in oppo-
sition to a reduction of the tariff on imported
wool.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask that the joint res-
olution be read.
The joint resolution was read at length,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
niagara falls siiip-camal
Mr. UPSON also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Ohio,
relating to the construction of a ship-canal
around the falls of Niagara within the territory
of the United States.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for the reading of
that joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read at length,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
SARAH E. ROEBUCK.
Mr. LAMISON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2366) to place the name of Sarah E. Roebuck,
widow ol Lawrence Roebuck, on the pension-
rolls of the United States; which was read a
first and second lime, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
a. g. lee and others.
Mr. CROSSLAND introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 139) for the relief of A. G.
Lee and the representatives of B. P. Lee,
deceased ; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask that this joint res-
olution be read at length.
The joint resolution was read at length,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
tax on tobacco, etc.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 23(38) to amend the internal revenue laws;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will say by permission
of the House that this bill is substantially the
internal revenue part of the bill reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means, modify-
ing the tax on tobacco, fixing it at sixteen
cents per pound, and restoring the bonded
warehouse system for manufactured tobacco.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask for the reporting
of this bill at length.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union and printed ; and I ask that
two thousand extra copies be printed for the
use of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot ask
that during the morning hour.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for the reading
of the bill in full.
The Clerk began the reading of the bill at
fifteen minutes before one o'clock, and read
until fifteen minutes past one o'clock, without
concluding.
Mr. HOLMAN. As there are several
Slates yet to be called for bills and joint reso-
lutions under this call, I would suggest that
the further reading of this bill be dispensed
with.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldreuoe] called for the reading
of the bill, and the Clerk will proceed.
The Clerk resumed the reading of tbe bill,
and read till seventeen minutes past one
o'clock, when
order of business.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. As the sixty min-
utes of the morning hour have expired, I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
now proceed to the consideration of the report
of the Committee of Elections in the case of
Gooding vs. Wilson, from the State of Indiana.
.Mr. MAYNARD. Before that is done I
will state that at some suitable time I will ask
the House to take up thig bill, which relates
to internal revenue alone, and consider it sep-
arately from that portion of the bill which
relates to the tarifif.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the bill will be referred to the Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BECK. I object, until the return of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways aud
Means, [Mr. Dawes,] who is now absent.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I would like to make
a report.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to introduce a
bill for reference.
Mr. COX. I want t,o submit a resolution.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I will yield to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
to make his report if it shall not lead to
debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad,
if there is no objection, to entertain proposi-
tions to refer bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Perry] yield to me to make
a report from a committee of conference ?
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I will yield to the
gentleman if it does not lead to debate.
mail contracts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following report from a
committee of conference:
The committee of conference oil the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1930)
entitled "An act relating to proposals and contracts
for transportation of the mails, and for other pur-
poses," having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreemeftT ta
the amendments of the Senate numbered one, two,
four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, four-
teen, fifteen, and sixteen ; and the House agree to
the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the third amendment ot' the Senate, and agree to it
with an amendment as follows:
After the word "officer," insert "Post Office De-
partment."
That the House recede from its disagreement to
tho twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
it with an amendment as follows:
In lines five and six strike out "for a sum ex-
ceedins $5,000 per annum."
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the thirteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to it with an amendment as follows:
In line ten strike out the word " nor" and insert
"and in case of new service not;" in lino eleven
strike out "before new service" and insert " exceed
$5,000 per a,nnum;" in line nineteen strike out
" enter into" and insert " exeoute; " in lino fifteen
add " and enter upon the performance of the ser-
vice to the satisfaction of tbe Postmaster General
in line nineteen, after the word " Treasury," insert
"for the use of the Post Office Department; " in
line twenty strike out "and seasonably entered
into," and insert "executed and the service entered
upon." J. P. FARNSWORTH,
GINERY TWICHELL,
J. M. CARROLL,
Managers on the rtart of the House.
ALEX. RAMSEY,
T. W. BERRY,
E. CASSERLY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee was adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
three per cent. certificates.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2367) to amend an
act to provide for the redemption of the three
per cent, temporary loan certificates and for
an increase of natioual bank notes, approved
July 12, 1870; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
election contest gooding vs. wilson.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I must now insist
on the consideration of the contested-election
case from the fourth district of Indiana. A
number of gentlemen appeal to me to allow
them to introduce bills, but I will say to them
that I think we shall get through this election
case in time to allow them to introduce their
bills at a later period of the day. On the other
hand, if I agree to waive this question till gen-
tlemen have introduced their bills, I fear it
will be indefinitely postponed.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will, read the
resolution reported by the majority of the
committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Hon. Jeremiah M. Wilson is enti-
tled to the seat occupied by him in this House
as the Representative from the fourth district of
Indiana.
Mr. COBURN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Perry] that as. since the
morning hour has expired, it is not the right
of gentlemen to demand the reading of bills in
full, not more than five or ten minutes will
be occupied in the introduction of bills.
The SPEAKER. Members still have the
right to demand the reporting of bills which
may be introduced, but probably they would
not do so.
Mr. COBURN. That is what I mean to
say—that there is no advantage to be gained
by it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
