1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2655
[Mr. Perry] will please indicate to the Chair
the order of debate.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. There has been an
understanding with gentlemen in favor of the
contestant as to the time they desire to con-
same ; and the agreement so far as gentlemen
of the committee are concerned is that they
may occupy in debate one hour and a half,
while those who favor the oontestee shall
occupy a corresponding length of time. The
order of debate, if it meet the approbation of
the House, will be this: the chairman of the
committee [Mr. McCrary] will make an open-
ing statement of about twenty minutes ; gen-
tlemen on the other side will then oceupy their
hour and a half, the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Arthur] holding the floor, and appor-
tioning it among his friends. The remainder
of the time willthen be occupied by gentlemen
of the majority of the committee in favor of
the contestee.
Mr. MERRICK. It is understood that the
contestant is to occupy half an hour of our
time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the contestant in this case desires to
address the House. In whose time will he
speak?
Mr. MERRICK. He will have part of the
hour and a half assigned to the minority of
the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to allowing the contestant to occupy a part
of the hour aud a half assigned to the minor-
ity of the committee.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. There is no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. McORARY. Mr. Speaker, I trust the
House will give its attention to the discussion
of this case for the reason that it involves a
very important question apart from the right to
the seat in this particular ease. The contest-
ant claims the seat upon two grounds: first,
on the ground of illegal votes cast for the sit-
ting member ; secondly, upon the ground that
there was sometime after the election a second
count of the ballots cast at certain precincts
in the district, which he claims showed that the
official count made by the officers of the law
was incorrect in some particulars. I think it
will not be contended by the gentlemen who
represent the minority of the committee that
the contestant can be awarded the seat unless
we set aside the official count in several cases,
and substitute for it the unofficial count. In
other words, it will not be contended that the
contestant has made out a case here upon the
allegation of illegal votes cast for the sitting
member.
By the official count the sitting member had
a majority of 4 votes. It is conceded by the
report of the minority that there were 7 illegal
votes cast for the contestant.. That would
increase the majority of the sitting member to
11 votes. It is contended, however, by the
minority that there were 9 illegal votes cast
for the sitting member, which would reduce
his majority to 2 votes, saying nothing about
any recount.
1 think, however, the examination of the
testimony will satisfy any gentleman there
were not 9 illegal votes cast for the sitting
member. I cannot go into any particular dis-
cussion of individual cases in the short time I
am allowed to occupy the floor. I will say,
however, that in my judgment there are 4 of
the votes claimed to have been illegal and cast
for the sitting member which were clearly and
beyond all question legal votes, and such as
ought to be counted. The first is the vote of
Isaac S. Stewart, who is shown by the testi-
mony to have been in the employ of the United
States, and to have claimed his residence in
this district. This voter, I believe, sir, was a
paymaster in the United States Army for some
time. He returned to the State of Indiana
some time before the election. There is a
clause in the constitution of Indiana which
expressly provides that a person absent from
the State in any capacity under the Govern-
ment of the United States shall not thereby
forfeit his right to vote in that State; and he
certainly would not do so if there were no such
provision.
The next vote claimed to be illegal is that
of Jonathan Dunbar, jr. There are two or
three citizens who say they believe he left the
State; that he was not a resident of the State;
but they do not give the facts upon which they
base their opinion. On the other hand, there
is the testimony of one witness who swears
positively that he knows this voter was a bona
fide resident of the district where he voted.
In the case of William Henshaw it is shown
he resided in the town where he voted. He
carried on business there. He was in the habit
of frequently visiting a widow sister who re-
sided elsewhere, and he sometimes spoke of
going home when he went to make such visits.
But the fact that he voted, the fact that he-
lived in the district and claimed his residence
there, is not disputed, and the presumption is
in favor of the legality of the vote.
Oliver Carson had been away from the pre-
cinct, but there is no proof that he abandoned
his residence in Indiana. But, as I have said,
I cannot discuss at length these individual
cases. I say of the 9 votes claimed as illegal,
that among all of them, there are only one
or two which are clearly shown to be illegal;
but at most there can be but 4 illegal votes
made out, which would leave the majority of
the sitting member aside from recounts, to be
6 votes.
Mr. Speaker, this brings us, therefore, to the
question, under what circumstances will the
House decide to set aside the official count
made by officers of the law under the sanc-
tion of an oath at the time of the election,
immediately after the close of the polls? Under
circumstances where fraud and deception are
exceedingly difficult if not impossible, under
what circumstances will the House decide to
set aside this official count and substitute for
it an unofficial count, made not by officers of
the law, but by unauthorized persons, made
sometime after the election, and made after
there has been opportunity at least to tamper
with the ballot-boxes, and after the result of
the official count has been declared, so that it
is known what is necessary to change the result
as officially declared?
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have intimated that
this is a very important question. It reaches
far beyond this particular case. It will con-
front the House in any future case, where there
is a close vote, aud where, by fair means or
foul, men succeed in getting hold of the bal-
lots and recounting them, without authority,
after the resftlt of the election has been ascer-
tained. I think, sir, we ought to be exceed-
ingly cautious in laying down a rule upon this
subject. But there are certain rules which I
am sure the House ought always to adhere to
in cases of this character. I will not say, sir,
that there can be no case in which a mistake
may occur—because mistakes may occur
m official counts—shall be corrected ; but
I do say that there is great danger in setting
aside the official count and substituting for
it an unofficial count in any case, and cer-
tainly there ought to be great caution observed
in every such case.
Now, what rules ought to be observed?
Under what circumstances shall the recount
be received ? I think there are certain things
that ought to be required, and I will state
them briefly.
In the first place, if the law provides an
officer whose duty it is to hold possession of
the ballot-boxes and the ballots themselves
after the polls have been closed, I think that
no recount should ever be allowed unless it
appear that the ballot-boxes and ballots had
remained in the custody of that officer during
the interval between the election and the re-
count. That ought always to be one of the pre-
requisites, and without it there can be neither
certainty nor safety. In this case I shall show
presently that these ballot-boxes did not re-
main in the custody of the proper officer, at
least several of them did not.
I think another rule should be observed. It
must appear that the ballots have been securely
kept, that they have not been exposed, and that
there has been no opportunity to tamper with
them. This ought to appear affirmatively. It
is not sufficient that certain persons should
have got hold of these ballots and have re-
counted them, without authority of law, and
in violation of law; and in this case every one
of these recounts was in violation of law. It
is not sufficient that the men who have had
hold of these ballots and have recounted them
should themselves testify that they bad not
tampered with them. It should he required
in every case that it appear affirmatively that
there has been no opportunity, not only for
these particular persons, but for any persons,
to tamper with or interfere with the ballots.
Another rule is this: if the law provides
the mode of preserving the ballots, and of
having them recounted, that mode should in
every case be strictly followed; and, if it is
not strictly followed, the recount should not
be regarded as of equal force and effect with
the official count. Now, in the State of Indi-
ana there is such a law, to which I wish now
to call the attention of the House. It pro-
vides as follows:
"The certificates, poll-books, and tally-papers,
forwarded to the board of canvassers, shall be pre-
served by the clerk of the circuit court, open to the
inspection of any legal voter of the county or dis-
trict."
It is thus provided that, as regards the cer-
tificates, poll-books, and tally-papers, they
shall be forwarded to the board of canvassers,
and shall be preserved by the clerk of the
circuit court.
"The other papers and ballots"—
The law provides—
"shall be kept by the inspectors for the term of
six months, except when such election is contested;
then they shall be preserved subject to the order
of any court trying such contest, until the same is
determined."
Here, then, is a statute made for the very
purpose of preserving the ballot-boxes and
the ballots, and pointing out the mode by
which they may be made evidence in the case
of a contest. First, it requires that they shall
remain in the custody of the inspectors of
election; secondly, it requires that in case a
recount is desired, they shall be produced
before the court having the right to try the
contest, if there should be a contest.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this law was violated in
the case of every one of these recounts. They
should have subpenaed before the court try-
ing the contest in this case the inspector of
the election, who was the legal custodian
of the ballot-box, and should have shown by
his testimony that the ballot-box had remained
in his possession, and had been so securely
and carefully kept that it could not have been
tampered with. The identity of the ballots
must always be shown by the legal custodian
of them.
I insist that under this statute of Indiana two
things ought to be absolutely required in order
to substitute an unofficial count for an official
count. Whatever else may be required, this
certainly ought to be, that the custodian of the
ballot-box, the man whom the law appoints to
take charge of it, and to keep it, should be
regularly subpen4ed before making a recount,
and the security of the ballot-box shown by his
evidence. The House cannot depend upon a
recount made by any outsider who goes sur-
reptitiously or otherwise and gets possession
of the ballot-box. It must be done in the
presence of the court or of an officer.
Mr. Speaker, in this case neither of the
things have been done. Parties interested in
the behalf of the contestant, seeing that the
vote was very close, went themselves and
secured possession of the ballot-boxes, without
