1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4447
indian affairs.
Mr. SHANKS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to submit the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved., That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be. and is hereby, directed to pay to the
chairman ot' the Committee on Indian Affairs, such
sum or sums of money as may be required for the
expenses of said committee while engaged in the
recess of Congress investigating the condition and
management by Government officials or other per-
sons pi Indian affairs, as authorized by resolutions
of this House of January 8 and Junel, 1872; and the
receipts of the chairman of gaid committee shall be
proper vouchers to the Clerk in the settlements of
his accounts at the Treasury.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. What is the meaning
of that resolution ? It seems to me to be
something extraordinary. Investigating com-
mittees have generally been paid out of the
contingent fund. Here there seems to be an
extra draft on the Treasury. There is no reason
why this should take any other than the ordin-
ary coarse so far as we know.
Mr. SHANKS. It is immaterial where the
money is to come from. This resolution was
copied from the form of resolutions in the case
of other investigating committees.
Mr. RANDALL. What will be the probable
expense ?
Mr. SHANKS. But very little. Up to this
time the expense of the committee has only
been $2 20, but we cannot go into the Indian
territory quite as cheaply.
Mr. COGHLAN. I would suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
that $3,000 shall be the limit of this expendi-
ture.
Mr. SHANKS. I do not think it would be
as much as that, and I have no objection to
modifying the resolution in that way.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I would like to know
from the gentleman from Indiana why it is
that this resolution is not in the ordinary form
of resolutions for the payment of the expenses
of investigating committees ?
Mr. SHANKS. I had supposed it was in
the regular form.
Mr. ELDREDGE. This is the first instance
in which I have heard of a draft being made
on the Treasury for such a purpose. I have
understood that these expenses have always
been out of the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. SHANKS. I have no objections myself
to the amount being paid out of the contingent
fund.
Mr. ELDREDGE. This resolution author-
izes the Clerk to draw to any amount.
Mr. SHANKS. I have modified the reso-
lution in accordance with the suggestion of
the gentleman from California [Mr. Cogh-
IAN] by inserting the words "not to exceed
$3,000."
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the House
of the following titles, with amendments; in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 2109) to authorize the
issuance of college scrip to the State of Ark-
ansas; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1936) for the relief of
Herman Raster, collector of internal revenue
in the first district of Illinois.
The message also announced that the Senate
insisted on its amendment to the bill (H. Ii.
No. 2046} for the relief of Theodore Adams,
agreed to the conference asked for by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Scott, Mr. Boremak, and Mr. Blair, man-
agers of the conference on the part of the
Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found duly
enrolled bills of the following titles ; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 996) to repeal so much ef
section six of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1870, and for other
purposes," approved March 3, 1869, as pro-
hibits promotions in the engineer department
of the Army; and
An act (S. No. 1089) to reimburse the State
of Nevada for expenses incurred while a Terri-
tory in purchase of a prison and in support of
United States courts.
committee on appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
who objected to the resolution which 1 offered
on Saturday, authorizing the Committee on
Appropriations to meet during the vacation,
I understand withdraws his objection. The
Senate committee is authorized to meet; and
it is desirable that the two committees should
meet in November and make preparations for
the work of the coming session.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose this is not to be
attended with expense.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose no
other expense than the ordinary expenses
allowed to committees. If committees sit, their
ordinary expenses have to be paid.
Mr. ELDREDGE. What is the object of
the committee meeting during the recess?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will explain
very briefly what is the object of, this proposi-
tion. The Committees on Appropriations of
the two Houses have recently had a conference,
and have discovered what all gentlemen may
not know, that out of the $300,000,000 paid,
from the Treasury every year, Congress passes
on only about one hundred and fifty million
dollars. Our system requires to be so revised
that all or nearly all of the moneys paid out
of the Treasury for any purpose should be on
annual appropriations supervised and ordered
by Congress. To go over the statutes, exam-
ine the whole question, and report a law that
will obtain that result requires a good deal of
consideration, more than can be given in the
short session of twelve weeks in which all the
great appropriation bills have to be passed.
Mr. ELDliEDGE. It seems to me that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
has given us the very best reason in the world
why this resolution should not be adopted.
The object, as explained by the gentleman,
seems to be that all appropriations are to be
made special and particular, and that the gen-
eral laws under which appropriations are to
be made are to be revised and changed by
this committee. Now, I think the worst prac-
tice in the world is to amend appropriations
year by year, as circumstances develop them-
selves.
If any proof of this is desired, I think one
which should oonvince the House of the truth
of this statement more than any other, is to be
found in the attaching to this appropriation
bill this infernal bayonet clause, over whieh
we have struggled for days, and over which we
are liable to struggle for days to come. It is
to be found, I say, in the attempt to ride this
clause through Congress on an appropriation
bill or the necessities of the Government, giving
rise to the charge upon the one side of the
House or the other that they are obstructing
the wheels of Government by their opposition
to appropriation bills, because they oppose a
general law which is to att'ect the whole coun-
try.
This, if no other reason existed, ought to
convince us that no such authority should be
given to this committee, if their purpose be to
make all appropriations aunual, and not to
have any appropriations made by operation
of general law.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me for a moment?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion, not to interrupt the meeting of the
committee, but to restrict the time of their
meeting. I suggest that their meeting be
restricted to the first Wednesday in Novem-
ber; that is, that the resolution be modified
so as to authorize the committee to meet on
or after the first Wednesday in November.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will accept
that amendment and modify the resolution
accordingly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say a word.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
that this proposition, as explained by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, is
one fraught with great danger. There is a
standing law making an appropriation for pay-
ing the interest on the public debt, and there
is a law making standing appropriations for
some other purposes which are understood to
be necessary to carrying on the Government.
Now, if you make all these appropriations
annual, if you repeal those standing appropri-
ations, then any day and any hour it will be in
the power of the minority in Congress, as we
have seen to day, to defeat an annual appro-
priation bill, and in that way the credit of the
country may be periled. Therefore I must
object to this resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not, by
any means, intimate that all such appropri-
ations should be annual; I only pointed to
this as one of the abuses that have grown up,
that all the Departments seek, year by year,
to get their appropriations made permanent,
So as to be independent of Congress. I state
again that there are thirty separate claims of
expenditures under the Government for which
the different Departments have not now to
come to Congress at all, and for the most of
which they ought to come here. And I men-
tion, among other things, the fact that our
Calendar is blocked by orders away into the
next session, and we will come here on the
first Monday of December next wiih the twelve
great appropriation bills to be drawn up, intro-
duced here, and pushed through without any
preliminary preparations. 1 shall be very
glad if the House, by voting this resolution
down, shall excuse the c-ommittee irom all
duty in that direction. But it was the unani-
mous belief of the committee that they could
serve the House better by meeting during the
month of November.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the rule still re-
main requiring the Committee on Appropri-
ations to report all appropriation bills during
the first twenty days of the session ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. During the
first thirty days, yes.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that it is
a matter of justice that the Committee on
Appropriations should be allowed to assemble
before the meeting of Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio.- I move that
the rules be suspended and the resolution I
have indicated adopted.
Mr. GE I'Z. Will that resolution also con-
tain the amendment which I proposed last
night? I asfc that the amendment be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
And said committee is also authorized during the
vacation, through such sub-committees ;u- they may
appoint, to visit aud examine such important anu
unfinished public buildings as are now in process of
erection by the Government, with a view to economy
in the appropriations for the construction of the
same.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The resolution,
as now modified, restricts us to the month of
November; therefore, I cannot consent to
adopt the amendment suggested by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Getz.] 1 move
that the rules be suspended and the resolution
adopted.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof) the rules were suspended,
and the resolution was adopted.
