1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3551
create and erect Alexander R. Baldwin, W.
P. C. Stebbins, John N. Goodwin, J. J. Chap-
man, P. S. Gilson, Albert Reichman, N. B.
Bryant, James W. Simmons, Silas Wood, L.
M. Reed, and such other persons as shall or
may be associated with them, and their suc-
cessors, a body corporate and politic, in deed
and in law, by the name, style, and title of the
Great Salt Lake and Colorado River Railway
Company, and granting to them the usual
powers of such a corporation. They are au-
thorized and empowered to lay out, locate, con-
struct, furnish, maintain, and enjoy a contin-
uous railroad and telegraph line, wilh the
appurtenances, beginning at or near Great
Salt Lake City, Utah; thence by Utah lake,
the Sevier and Rio Virgin rivers, to the head
of navigation on the Colorado river; and
thence to a point on the boundary line between
the United States and Mexico, in the direction
of the head of the Gulf of California, by the
most eligible route, to be determined by the
company. The capital stock of the company
is to consist of one hundred and fifty thousand
shares of $100 each.
Mr. POMEROY. There are one or two
slight amendments of the committee which
ought to be adopted.
. The Chief Clerk. The first amendment is
on page 2, section one, line eighteen, alter
the word "Utah," to insert "or at a con-
venient junction on the Utah Central, the
Utah Pacific, or tbe Central Pacific railroad."
Mr. CONKLING. 1 should like to under-
stand this, if the bill is to be amended, how
is there any gain by taking up the House bill
rather than the Senate bill?
Mr. POMEROY. The amendments are very
slight-. They were sent over here by the House
committee, but I will withdraw them if there
is any objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I have nothing to say
about the amendment, but I understand that
we took up the House bill, laying aside the
Senate bill, at the Senator's request, so that we
should be able to act upon the subject finally.
If the Senate amends it, that will send the bill
back to the House, and I do not see what is
gained.
Mr. POMEROY. There were two slight
amendments which the committee ofthe House
sent over to me statiug that they intended to
gut them on there, but forgot to do it, and the
[ouse would concur the moment they came
back there; but I do not cave enough about
them to press them if the Senator insists on
his objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I know nothing about it.
Mr. POMEROY. Then let the amendments
sent to us by the committee of the House be
concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the amendments will be regarded as
concurred in.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend the bill
by striking out all after the enacting clause
and inserting what I send to the Chair as a
substitute.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
not do that. That is another bill entirely.
Mr. SCOTT. It is evident that that motion
will give rise to considerable debate; and as
I understand the order made makes the un-
finished business of this afternoon the unfin-
ished business of to-morrow, I ask the Sen-
ator from Kansas to permit me to make a
motion to take up Senate bill No. 656, so that
it may be the unfinished business for to-mor-
row.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks the Senator from Kan-
sas to yield to him to allow him to move to
take up Senate bill No. 656.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be taken up by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BLAIR. - I hope that will not be done.
I desire the Senator from Pennsylvania to put
that bill over until next week on account of
the absence of the Senior frnm Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard,] my colleague on the commit-
tee. To-morrow has been assigned for the
consideration of the Army appropriation bill,
and I hope the Senator from Pennsylvania
will consent to put his bill over until Monday.
It will lead to a very considerable discussion,
but I think there is no disposition other than
to discuss the question fairly. I am sure there
will be no discussion beyond what is proper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Kansas yields, and the Senator from
Pennsylvania makes a motion, the Chair will
submit the motion to the Senate. The Sen-
ator from Missouri is appealing to the Senator
from Pennsylvania to let it pass over until
another day.
Mr. COLE. I appeal to the Senator on
another ground. The Army appropriation bill
is fixed for to-morrow, and if this bill goes
over as the unfinished business, it will neces-
sarily put them in antagonism. I hope we
shall not do that.
Mr. SCOTT. As this bill was already
taken up by a vote of the Senate and laid
upon the table yesterday, when there was no
opportunity for debate upon the subject, 1
deem it my duty at every opportunity to bring
it before the Senate, so that 1 may, if possible,
secure its consideration. I f'eol the appeal
made to me in regard to the absence of the
Senator from Delaware, and it would afford
me great pleasure personally to accommodate
him, and I should be very glad to do so; but
we all know the pressure of public business is
such that any bill that is likely to encounter
lengthy opposition in the other House ought
to be acted on soon, and it is in the discharge
of what I deem to he a public duty, in conflict
with that personal feeling which would induce
me to accommodate the Senator from Delaware,
if possible, that 1 make the motion. I sub-
mit it to the sense of the Senate without fur-
ther debate, and hope we shall be able to get
a vote.
Mr. POMEROY. If tbe Senator from
Nevada insists upon his amendment,, and the
reading of a bill relating to another subject
altogether, I shall yield to the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEWART. I do not insist on any
such thing; but if I am t,o be put in a false
position all the while, I shall have to make a
statement.
Mr. STOCKTON. Allow me one moment.
Mr. STEWART. I have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevadahas moved an amendment, and is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. POMUKOY. He is entitled to have it
read, I suppose, if he insists upon it
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest, if the Senator
wants to make a statement of any length, he
had better move to rescind the hour for taking
a recess ; otherwise half past four o'clock will
be reached presently, and all will fail.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope we shall be permitted
to take a vote on my motion. If tbe bill is
taken up, of course I shall yield informally to
tbe time of the recess, whatever that may be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfro.il
Pennsylvania moves to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of considering the bill
indicated by him.
Mr. STOCKTON. I believe the Senator
from Nevada has the floor, and I desire with
his permission simply to make a remark. I
wish to remind the Senate, as many Senators
may not have observed, that, when the bill of
the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott]
was laid on the table yesterday it was laid
upon the table as an act of courtesy to the
Senator from Delaware by request. 1 do not
blame the Senator from Pennsylvania in the
least. He did not vote for that motion, and
he has his duty to take care of his bill; but
the Senate has its duty to take care of the
courtesy which it always exercises toward its
members. I do hope Senators will remem-
ber that, and not vote to bring up the bill to
which the Senator from Pennsylvania refers
now. There is no disposition on the part of
this side of the Chamber to debate that bill
unduly or to delay it. It is an honest act of
courtesy that we ask that has already been
granted. I ask the Senate not to go back
upon that. We only request that the bill bo
laid over until Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it but just to the
Senator from Pennsylvania that he should be
allowed to take up his bill, so that the Senate
may decide directly to-morrow which they
will go on with^hen. If we take it up now it
will be in the same situation to-morrow that it
was yesterday, and then the Senate can decide
the question. My inclination is to go with the
Senator from New Jersey; but I think the
Senator from Pennsylvania ought to be allowed
to have his bill put in statu quo.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to state that
my colleague, just before he left the Chamber,
came to me and stated that he desired to be
present when tho bill referred to by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania was considered and to
discuss it. If he had left to attend to ordin-
ary business, perhaps tho courtesy of the
Senate would not be taxed so much ; but we
all know that he left because of an affliction
which rendered it necessary for him to go to
another city and consult a physician. He is
therefore necessarily absent because of that
affliction. It is his express desire, I think,
that tbe bill should be postponed.
Mr, POMEROY. I am willing to yield for
a vote if the Senate are disposed to vote ; bull
desire to pass another bill. 1 will withdraw
the bill which is before the Semite, and which
the Senator from Nevada proposed to amend,
because his amendment is longer than the bill
itself.
K.XTENStON 01' KU Kt.ux ACT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas withdraws the bill. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion ofthe Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. STE WART. I object to the withdrawal
of that bill.
The motion of Mr. Scott was agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 2-1, noes 15.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate bill No.
Gjti is now before the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. Now I am willing that it
shall be laid aside informally for the consider-
ation of business of the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that the time for
taking a recess be extended ten minutes to
enuble me to pass one bill relating to Iowa
which I omitted to call up.
The VICE l'RESI DENT. Tho Chair hears
no objection, and tho time for taking a recess
will be extended ten minutes.
lanl) titles is iowa.
Mr. POMEROY. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 1015.
The motion was agreed to ; and tbe Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 1015) to quiet the
title to certain lands in the State of Iowa.
Mr. STEWART. I objected to the with-
drawal of the other hill of the Senator fi om
Kansas. I have offered ail amendment to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was laid aside
by a vote of the Senate, and the Senator voted
to lay it aside. The Secretary will now read
the amendment reported by the Committee ou
Public Lands to the pending bill.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was in line five, alter the word " pur-
poses," to insert t,he words " to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from the city of Dav-
enport, via Iowa City, to Council Bluffs in
line seven to strike out the word '• several : "
and in line nine, after the words '< eonfiinaed
to," to insert " the Mississippi and Missouri
Railroad Company and the Chicago, Rock
Island, and Pacific Railroad Company, and
