1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1759
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No, 832) for the settlement of the accounts of
John G. Doughty, late first lieutenant and
regimental quartermaster fifty-first Indiana
volunteers; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce the
following bills, which were severally read
twice by their titles:
A bill (S. No. 833) for the relief of Edward
H. Wilson; and
A bill (S. No. 834) for the relief of Charles
W. Adams.
Mr. CARPENTER. I introduce these bills
by request, knowing nothing of their merits.
I move their refeience to the Committee oil
Claims, and that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 835) for the relief of Mrs. Cecilia Barr,
widow of William Barr; which was read twice
by its title, and, with the accompanying papers,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 837) to authorize the issue of an Ameri-
can register to the brig Delphine; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
836) declaring the true construction of a stat-
ute ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the bill be print-
ed, and lie on the table for the present. I
wish, at the convenience of the Senate, and
before its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary, to submit some views to the Senate
in explanation of it. The bill construes an act
of Congress of March 3, 1857. That act
required the Commissioner of the General
Land Office "to state an account between the
United States and the State of Mississippi, for
the purpose of ascertaining what sum or sums
of money are due to said State, heretofore
unsettled, on account of the public lands in
said State, and upon the same principles of
allowance and settlements prescribed" in an-
other act referred to here, and also required the
Commissioner to include in that account the
reservations under the various treaties with
the Chickasaw and Choctaw Indians, within
the limits of Mississippi, and to allow and pay
to the State five per cent, thereon as in the
case of other sales, estimating the lands at the
value of $1 25 per acre.
Th.e second section of that act reads as
follows:
" And be it further enacted, That the said Commis-
sioner shall also state an account between the United
States and each of the other Statesuponthe same
principles, and shall allow and pay to each State
such amount as shall thus be found due, estimating
all lands and permanent reservations at $1 25 per
acre."
In other words, this bill relates to what is
called the two per cent, fund, two fifths of the
fund reserved by the compact between Con-
gress and the people of the Territory of Indi-
ana at the time of its admission into the (Jnion,
for the purpose of internal improvements with-
in the State and the construction of a road
leading through the State. I have before me
a memorial signed on the 4th of January, 1872,
by the Governors of the States of Ohio, Illi-
nois, and Indiana, addressed to their Senators
and Representatives in Congress, in which
they request their favorable consideration to
"the claims of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois to
two fifths of the five per cent, received into
the national Treasury from the proceeds of
the public lands sold in said States respect-
ively, being a part of the five per cent, granted
to them in their enabling acts, and for_ all of
which the States rendered a large equivalent
in refraining from taxing said lands for five
years after they were disposed of to individ
uals.'J The State of Indiana has never received
any portion of this two per cent. fund. The
three per cent, has been paid over aud applied
under the direction of the Legislature, and
that amounted to some six hundred and twenty
thousand dollars. What is due the State ac-
cording to the act of March 3, 1857, upon a
fair accounting, is the sum of $413,537 20.
This is a matter of very great importance to
the State of Indiana, aud I call the atten-
tion of the Senate to it this morning, with a
view of asking at some convenient time this
week or next week to present my views in sup-
port of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
on the table.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. HARLAN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1192) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
correction,
Mr. RAMSEY. I simply rise to say that on
Friday last I called the attention of the Senate
to an amendment I intended to offer to the
Indian appropriation bill, which I then stated
I offered by authority of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. That fact, I observe, is not
stated on the amendment as printed, and 1
simply desire to call the attention of the clerk
to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that the amendment was reported
by the authority of the committee ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
national junction railroad.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the secretary of the Legislative
Assembly of the District of Columbia be, and he is
hereby, directed to transmit to the Senate an official
copy of a memorial presented to said Legislative
Assembly by sundry citizens of Washington, prop-
erty-holders along N street, against, the passage of
the act of the said Legislative Assembly to incor-
porate the National Junction Railroad Company.
senator from nortii carolina.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to state that the
Committee on Privileges and Elections have
directed me to give notice that on Thursday
afternoon they will move to postpone all pend-
ing and previous orders and take up the reso-
lution reported by that committee in relation
to the claims of Joseph C. Abbott, of North
Carolina, to a seat in the Senate, and if the
motion prevails, they will ask the Senate on
Friday next to sit until a final vote be reached
on that resolution.
senatorial recommendations to ofjflce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having concluded, the resolution of
the Senator from New York [Mr. Cock-
ling] is now before the Senate. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nebraska, [Mr. Tipton,] upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered, extending the
scope of this inquiry beyond the Senators from
the three or four States named to Senators
from all the States of the Union.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, when this
resolution was called up a few mornings since,
I expressed the hope that it would be allowed
to pass at some time when it did not interfere
with important public business, because my
colleague deemed it needful for his vindica-
tion. It seemed to me proper, as it was a
matter which would cost very little time of the
Senate, and would be of very little expense to
the Government to furnish the information,
as it was important for the vindication of my
colleague, that it should be accorded by the
Senate. It seems to me, also, that it would
be well that the amendment of the Senator
from Nebraska should be incorporated in the
resolution, as there may be others in the Sen-
ate who may desire to be vindicated.
It has been said, I know, that Senators
whom I now have in my mind have had a large
share of influence in securing appointments
under this Administration, that they have made
a great many recommendations, and yet it
may turn out to be true that upon an investi-
gation and report from the several Depart-
ments they have made as few recommenda-
tions as my colleague; and therefore it is
proper that they should have the vindication
which this amendment of the Senator from
Nebraska will afford to them.
I have been very careful not to charge at
any time that my colleague had made many
recommendations for appointments, aud espe-
cially since his declaration of a year ago last
January of his non-interference in one of the
departments of the Government where his nod,
his simple motion which would indicate desire
or dissent, would have more power than the
voice or the pen of any other Senator or indi-
vidual. It has occurred to me that it was a
singular and perhaps fortunate coincidence, to
my colleague at least, that the changes which
have been made and the appointments which
have taken place during the past year and three
quarters in the State of New York have been
such removals from office and appointments to
office as my colleague would, I suppose, have
deserved, aud doubtless would have recom-
mended if his practice had allowed him to
indulge in recommendations.
But to return to the statements of my col-
league to which I have referred, I will read
from the Congressional Globe, part one, third
session Forty-First Congress. I(,ollowing the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Patter-
son,] who was discussing the report of the
Retrenchment Committee in regard to New
York custom-house affairs, my colleague said: .
" Perhaps in one respect there is not in this body
a. more disinterested and unbiased witness touching
the New York custom-house in its present manage-
ment than myself. I shall prove this when I state
that since the present-collector of the port of New
York was appointed I have never, verbally or in
writing, directly or indirectly, recommended to him
or requestedof him the appointment or the retention
in office or the removal of a single person."
I was disposed to accept this declaration of
my colleague, and I read from the Globe what
I said upon that occasion:
"I shall have no controversy now with my col-
league in regard to custom-house matters in New
York. I shall have no controversy at this time with
him or other persons growing out of the practices of
the Administration In appointing this person or that
>erson to office. It is not a question as to who shall
ioid the otiices, so that they enjoy the confidence of
the Kepublican party and are competent officers,
and faithiu 1 to the public interest?. It is a ques-
tion, rather, if it was to be raised here or elsewhere,
of proscription within the party organization tor a
difference of opinion relating to its organization and
preferences for men, and not in regard to vile support
of its candidates, the Administration, and its policy.
" But, iVIr. President, I riso for another purpose than
to discus* this matter relating to New York appoint-
ments. In passing I will simply remark that if it is
true, and I have no purpose now to deny it, that my
colleague has nut advised any appointment under
thopresent collector of the port of New York, it is
fortunate for his reputation that he has made tho
statement, for current rutnor in New York has it
otherwise, and in this light it is due to the truth of
history that ho should have stated what he has.
After all, Mr. President, I was a little curious
about this matter. While I did not at. alt
doubt the statement of my colleague, I desired
to know how it was under the previous col-
lector of the port of New York. It will be
understood by the Senate and the country that
if my colleague has exercised no influence iu
secuiing appointments under Mr. Murphy,
that officer was entirely free from senatorial
