1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong.... 2d Sess.
For repairs to roof and oat-buildings, alter- 1
ations in wmds, and repairs to heating appa- '
rat us, two thousand dollars. j
[■'or tiie National Soldiers and Sailors'
Orphans' Home of ilie city of Washington,
District <.f Columbia, liitf-eu thousand dollars,
to be di-burM d under the direction of the Sec-
retary of ihe Interior.
For construction and repair of Government
hospitals on Judiciary square, three thousand
dollars.
For care, support, and medical treatment of'
sixty transient paupers, medical and surgical
patients, in some proper me.dical institution in
the city of Washington, under a contract to be
formed with such institution, twelve thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, under the direction of the Secretary of
War.
Smithsonian Institution,
For preservation of the collections of the
surveying and exploring expeditions of the
Government, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the Completion of the hall required for
the Government collections:, tea thousand
dollars.
Capital Extension.
For finishing and repairing the work on the
Capitol extension, and for completing the
flagging of the upper terraces, fitty thousand
dollars.
For annual repairs of the old portion of the
Capitol building, for painting, glazing, keep-
ing rools in order, water-pipes, pavements,
and approaches to the building, ten thousand
dollats: Provided. That a sufficient portion
of such appropriation shall be expended, under
the direction of the architect of the Capitol
extension, to keep in order the archways,
doorways, rotundas, and coriidors of the
Capitol.
For finishing and repairing the work on the
new Dome ot the Capitol, four thousand
dollars.
And so much of the sum appropriated in
the deficiency act approved May eighteenth,
eighteen hundred ana seventy-two, for boder,
water-tank, and steam pump in the south wiug
of the Capitol as may not be expended pre-
vious to June lliiriietli, eighteen hundred and
seventy two, may be expended during the fiscal
year ending June tliirtieth, eighteeu hundred
and sevtni)-three.
For continuing the work of grading arid fill-
ing, and for plaining the grounds around the
Capitol, paving B street north, trom Delaware
to .\ew Jeisey avenues, and the quadrant,
thence to Pennsylvania avenue, and lor curb-
ing and paving ike footways arouud the Capi-
tol grounds, mirty-tive thousand dollars, which
shall be availableinitutdiately: Provided, [hat
the grades of the streets and avenues ill the
viciuny ot the Capitol be, and the same are
berebj, establislied in coiiiormity with the
plan approved by the mayor ot the city ot
Washington, the officer in charge ot public
buildings and grounds, and the architect ot
ttie Capitol extension, as authonzed by the
joint lec-olution approved July fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy: and lor this
purpose the plan made by William Forsyth,
suivevor, dated January twent}-tliird, eight -
een hundred and seventy-one, on tile in the
office of the architect ol the Capitol exten-
sion, shall be considered authentic.
Botanical Garden.
For reconstructing the eastern parallelogram
ol the conservatory m the Botanical Garden,
to make it correspond with that at the west ot
the rotunda, ttiirteen thousand dollars.
For extending the piopagating houses (in
eluding the use of the sash (row the old pornon
of ihe conservatory), and lor general repairs to
buildings, four thousand live hundred dollars.
For the construction of a sewer and trap
across Third street, to convey the drainage of
the Botanical Garden to the main sewer, five
hundred dollars.
For continuing fence and erecting gateways
on Third street, seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
Library of Congress.
For additional heating apparatus in the
Library of Congress, to be expended under the
direction of the architect of the Capitol ex-
tension, two thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
To enable the Librarian to procure for the
Library of Congress the English county his-
tories, the sum of five thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
For an additional appropriation, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the joint Com-
mittee on the Library, to decorate the Capitol
with such works of art as may be ordered and
approved by said committee, as provided by
act approved August eigbteentn, eighteen
hundred and fifty-s>x, fifteen thousand dollars;
and said committee, whenever, in their judg-
ment, it shall be expedient, are authorized to
accept any work of the fine arts on behalf of
Congress, which may be offered, and to assign
the same such place in the Capitol as they
may deem suitable, and shall have the super-
vision of all works of art that may be placed
in the Capitol.
For the publication of three volumes of
Wilkes's Exploring Expedition, agreeably to
act of May twenty eiglub, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, nine thousand dollars.
To enable the joint Committee on the Library
to purchase Moran's large painting of the
Canyon of the Yellowstone, tea thousand dol-
lars.
Survey of the. Coast.
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic
and Gulf coasts of the United States, and
Lake Champlain, including compensation of
civilians engaged in the work, and excluding
pay and emoluments of officers of the Army
and Navy, and petty officers and men of the
Navy employed in the work, three hundred
and ninety-one thousand dollars.
Fur continuing the survey of the western
coast of the United States, including compen-
sation of civilians engaged in the work, two
hundred and forty thousand dollars.
For pay and rations of engineers for the
steamers used in the coast survey, no longer
supplied by the Navy Department, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the publication of the obser-
vations made m the progress of coast survey,
including compensation tor civilians engaged
in the work, the publication to be made at the
Government Printing Office, ten thousand
dollars.
For repairs and maintenance of the comple-
ment of vessels used in the coast survey, forty-
live thousand dollars.
For extending the triangulation of the coast
survey so as to form a geodetic connection
between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts ot the
United States, aud assisting in the State sur-
veys, including compensation of civilians
en'gaged in the work, thirty-six thousand
dollars.
CKDER THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
Armories a)td Arsenals.
Springfield armory, Springfield, Massa-
chusetts : ,
For repairs and preservation ot grounds,
buildings, and machinery ; and tor curbstone
for armory grounds fronting on State street,
twenty two thousand dollars.
Hock Island armory aud arsenal, Rock
Island. Illinois:
For n  w forging-shop of same dimensions
and architecture as shops already built, except
that it will be only one story high, one hun-
dred and fifty-five thousand • dollars ; for new
finishing-shop for armory, two hundred thou-
sand dollars; for new fire-proof barracks for
enlisted men, including mess building, bakery,
and laundry building, ninety-five thousand dol-
lor.s: for new powder magazine, fii'teeu thou-
sand dollars ; for completing development of
the wat *r-power, one hundred and ten thou-
sand dollars; for the construc'ion of avenues
and roads 'o the Bock Island wagon-bridge,
and to the new bridge across the Mississippi
river, to the city of Davenport, and for build-
ing a railroad to connect the present arsenal
railroad with the Chicago and Rock Island
railroad, when changed to its new location at
the lower end of the island, and for building
two entrances to the island from the two
bridges, and an iron fence connecting the two
entrances, and between the railroad and the
public wagon-road on one side and the arsenal
on the other side, twenty-eight thousand dol-
lars ; for new machinery for the new shops
already completed, twenty thousand dollars ;
for laying water-pipe, three thousand dollars:
for putting six water-wheels (sixty-live horse-
power each) in the new dam, with shafting
and machinery, for transmission .of power to
the shops already in use, twenty-six thousand
dollars; in all, six hundred and fifty-two thou-
sand dollars.
For completion of the wagon-road bridge
connecting Moiine with B.ock Island, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For the construction of the Rock Island
bridge, the balance of the appropriation, con-
tinued by the act of March third, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, which may be un-
expended at the close of the present fiscal
year, is hereby re appropriated.
Benicia arsenal, Ben'tcia, California:
For boring artesian well, twelve thousand
six hundred and eighty-seven dollars,- foi
building new wharf, eleven thousand fourbuu
dred and ninety-eight dollars; for removing
bank in front of office, and filling up ravine,
five thousand six hundred and eighty seven dol-
lars ; for necessary grading of publicgrounds,
eight thousand eight hundred and eighty dol-
lars ; for repairs of workshops, storehouses,
and quarters, five thousand six hundred dollars;
in all, forty-four thousand three hundred and
fifty two dollars.
Columbus arsenal, Columbus, Ohio :
For care and repairs of public buildings and
grounds, nine huudred and fitty dollars.
Charleston arsenal, Charleston, South
Carolina:
For putting slate roof on foundery building,
one thousand three huudred dollars ; for relay-
ing floors in storehouses, one thousand two
hundred dollars ; for general repairs of public
bui:dings and grounds, two huudred dollars;
in all, two thousand seven hundred dollars.
Detroit arsenal, Dearbornvilie, Michigan :
For painting aud repairing public buildings,
five hundred dollars.
Fort ilonroe arsenal, Old Point Comfort,
Virginia:
For completinggun-yard fence, brick found-
ation wall, and fence of old musket barrels,
three thousand dollars; for_ repairing store-
houses, for painting and repairing public build-
iugs, three thousand dollars ; in ail, six thou-
sand dollars.
Fort Union arsenal, Fort Union, New
Mexico Territory:
For repairing storehouses, magazine, bar-
racks, workshops, office, quarters, inclosing
wall, and fences, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
Frankford-arsenal, Bridesburg, Pennsyl-
vania :
For repaits of public buildings and grounds,
three thousand dollars.
