864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
It is singular to obsewe how the enemies of
this measure have sought to shield themselves
from the censure of the country and the en-
lightened world, by statements favorable to the
general tenor and tendency of the bill. I have
carefully listened to the speeches made on the
other side of the House, and have as care-
fully perused them in the columns of the Globe,
and I find not one who does not declare him-
self favorable to the general objects ihtended
by the bill. But, sir, while this is the fact,
they apparently-have formed themselves into
a committee of the whole upon the question
of how not to do it. Prom New Hampshire
to Georgia there has not been one solid argu-
ment against the measure.
The gentleman from Indiana and the gentle-
man from New Hampshire and others in oppo-
sition join in asking the committee why we do
not give these lands entirely and freely to the
States. In reply I can state to them that such
a course would be entirely without precedent
in all the grants of land made to the States
for educational purposes. The very term "grant
for educational purposes" implies a condition
in and of itself; but additional thereto, in
every case of such grant, specilic conditions
are contained in the bill, and even that portion
received from the United States of the fund
of the State of Indiana, of which such honor-
able, and 1 may add boastful, mention was made
by one of her Representatives, [Mr. kerb,]
was accepted upon conditions contained in
the grant, by act of the legislature of that
State. Bui, sir, we are not all in as good con-
dition as they an; in Indiana.
In my own State the Republican party is
endeavoring to build up the school system.
We have, during the past yaar and a half,
organized three thousand schools, and have
ninety thousand scholarsattending them. But,
sir, we have the united and stem opposition
of' every Democrat in the State. And there
they do not, as in the North, oppose us only at
the ballot-box; but they substitute the bowie-
knife ami the burning brand for the ballot
against these poor and illiterate children of
slavery.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have not the time to further
answer the objections made by the Democratic
side of the House. The Republican party in
striking from off the limbs of over four mil-
lions of its inhabitants the shackles of servile
bondage, and wealing them citizens of the
most glorious Government known to earth,
has carved upon the tablets of timo the noblest
record in the history of mankind, but until it
has clothed these citizens, oiiee slaves, with
all the attributes of menial and moral free-
dom, as it. already has with personal liberty,
that record stands incomplete. The measure
proposed goes far toward the attainment, of
this most desirable object, and I submit it to
the judgment of the House.
The SPEAKER. The hour allowed for
closing debate has expired.
Mr. I1ERNDON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to have printed in the
Globe remarks he had prepared on the pend-
ing bill. [See Appendix.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope it is not
proposed to vote on this bill to-night. By
letting it go over, we will have an opportunity
of examining, before we have to Vote on them,
the amendments, some of which have not yet
been printed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think the
House might get through with part at least of
the voting to-night. We.can vote on those
amendments which are before us.
Mr. PERCE. I call for the vote.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
first amendment..
Mr. COBURN. We cannot vote intelli-
gently on part of these amendments to-night
and on the balance to-morrow. We want to
look at them altogether. I think it would be
better that we had a night to consider over it.
I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to make a point of
order on the first amendment, and it would,
perhaps, be as well that we should dispose of
that question this evening.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
first amendment, which is the one offered by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McNeely.]
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
After the word "persons," at the end of section
one, add the following:
And after the 1st day of July next, printers' types
and ink, type-metal and printing-paper used for
books and newspapers exclusively, imported from
abroad into the United States, shall be exempt from
duty and entitled to free entry.
Mr. HOAR. I make the point of order that
that amendment is not germane to the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think it is.
Mr. HOAR. And I make the furtherpoint
that it interferes with the revenue, and there-
fore must first be considered in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The last point is the
strongest. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts makes the point of order thatthis amend-
ment is not in order on two grounds: first,
that it is not germane to the bill, and second,
that being in the nature of a tax bill it must
have its first consideration in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. The
second point is the stronger point, and on
that the Chair rules that the amendment is out
of order.
Mr. McNEELY. Will my amendment be
in order if I offer it to any tax bill that may
come before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair never answers
hypothetical questions. He decides questions
as they arise.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to make another
parliamentary inquiry, and it is whether when
an appropriation bill is before the House it
will be in order for me to offer this amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair never answers
hypothetical questions. He decides questions
when they arise. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOIjMAN. Isubmitthat the objection
to this amendment, on the ground thatitis not
germane to the bill, comes too late. The amend-
ment was offered some time since.
The SPEAKER. It was never read_in the
• hearing of the House before so that the point
of order could be made. It was printed, as
were all the other amendments. Leave was
granted that amendments should be submit-
ted and printed when unanimous consent was
granted for the consideration of this bill on
two days, and the Chair has given that the most
liberal construction, and entertained amend-
ments, entirely regardless of the limitations
which the rules apply to amendments. There
are thirty or thirty-five amendments pending,
but the Chair will hold thatif any one of them,
when read for action, proves to be obnoxious
to the rules of the House and liable to par-
liamentary objection, he must sustain the
objection. The gentleman from Massachusetts
makes the point of order upon this amend-
ment that it i3 not germane to the bill, and
also that it proposes to alter a portion of the
tariff laws, and therefore must have its first
discussion in Committee of the Whole. The
Chair can have no hesitation in ruling the
amendment out upon the latter point.
It is now proposed that the remaining amend-
ments which have been offered to-day, and
which have not been printed, shall be printed
before to-morrow morning, and that the sub-
ject shall go over until to-morrow morning
as unfinished business. If the House had
adjourned to-day before three o'clock, when
the previous question was by general consent to
be considered as operating, the bill would have
been lost and there would have been no point
at which it could be regained on the Calendar;
but as we have passed the hour of three o'clock
when the previous question became operative,
this bill must be disposed of, even before the
resolution for the drawing of seats can be
reached. That will come up immediately after
this.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then, if itis under-
stood that the amendments are to be printed,
I will move that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to the proposition to have the amendments
printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I have an amendment
which Iwish to offer to the substitute proposed
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. King,]
which he accepts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair gave notice
that after the time when the previous question
became operative, and the gentleman who re-
ported the bill rose to close debate, amend-
ments could not be received, and the Chair
so intimated to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman.] If the House, however, gives
its consent, the Chair has no objection.
Mr. HOAR. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. My amendment is ac-
cepted by the mover of the substitute.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. King] cannot modify his sub-
stitute after the previous question has oper-
ated. He could do so at anytime before that.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I ask universal con-
sent of the House that my amendment may be
entertained.
Mr. PERCE. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that the amend-
ments be also ptintedin the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk suggests to
the Chair that it would be impossible on so
short a notice to print the amendments in both
places. They must go either to the Public
Printing Office or to the Globe office.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Then let them be
printed in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. If the House prefer to
have them printed in the Globe it can be done.
Mr. RANDALL. I think we can examine
them better and more intelligently if they are
printed in the regular form.
The SPEAKER. The order has been already
made to print them in the regular form.
Mr. HAWLEY. Are all these amendments
which have been ordered to be printed re-
garded as pending?
The SPEAKER. They are.
Mr. HAWLEY. Some ten days ago, before
I obtained leave of absence, I offered an
amendment which was ordered to be printed,
among a number of others. After consulta-
tion with members of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, I desire to withdraw my
amendment.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only
by unanimous consent, now that the previous
question has been ordered.
Mr. HAWLEY. I hope there will be no
objection.
No objection was made, and accordingly the
amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to inquire of the
Chairif the amendments indicated by the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Stevens] and the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] are to
be considered as pending with the others that
have been offered ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman refer
to the amendments indicated by members
since the close of the debate on this bill?
Mr. HOAR. Yes, a few minutes since.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
and the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Perce] to object to their being received ; and
as unanimous consent was required pend-
ing the previous question, they are not now
pending.
correction Of the journal.
Mr. HEREFORD. I find I am recorded
as not having voted on yesterday on the motion
of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] to
suspend the rules and pass his resolution in
regard to the validity of the thirteenth, four-
