8552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
their assigns, they being;" so that the bill
will read:
That the title to the lands in the State of Iowa
heretofore approved and certified by the Dep.irt-
mentof the Interior for railroad purposes, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from the city of Dav-
enport, via Iowa City, to Council Biufis, under the
grants made by Congress, according to the adjust-
ments thereof made at the General Land Office, be,
and the same is hereby, confirmed to the Mississippi
and Missouri Railroad Company, and the Chicago,
Rock Island, and Pacific Railroad Company, and
their assigns, they being the corporations to whom
said lands were certified: Provided, That this act
shall be construed as conveying only any rever-
sionary or other interest which the United States
may have in said lands, and not^> as to affect ad-
versely any valid homestead or preemption, or other
valid claims thereto existing at the date of such
approval.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. With the concurrence of
my colleague, I move further to amend the bill
by striking out, after the word " lands," inline
fifteen, the words " and not so as to affect
adversely any valid homestead or preemption,
or other valid claims thereto existing at the
date of such approval," and to insert " and all
lands settled upon in good faith and now occu-
pied by homestead or preemption settlers, shall
be excluded from the provisions of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
chicago and nortiiwestekn railway.
Mr. POME ROY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 1766) to author-
ize the Chicago and Northwestern Railway
Company to change their projected line of
railroad m the State of Michigan, to report it
back without amendment. This relates to a
small road in Wisconsin, and the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] desires immediate ac-
tion upon it. I think there can be no objec-
tion t'o it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to authorize the
Chicago and Northwestern Railway Company
to change aud relocate that part of their pro-
jected line of railway " from the city of Fond
<lu Lac, in the State of Wisconsin, northerly
to Esconaba, in the State of Michigan," which
lies in the Slate of Michigan, so as to run the
line from "at or near the mouth of the Me-
nomonee river to Esconaba," on such line
within the limits of the land grant reserved
for the use of the company, now on file in the
office of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, as they may deem most advan-
tageous,and they aretocauseaplatof their line
as relocated to be filed in the office within six
months of the passage of this act; but the
grant of lands heretofore made to aid in the
construction of the railroad is not to be in-
creased or changed in any respect whatever
by the change of line heieby authorized.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, for the information of the Senate, that
when the recess occurs, at twenty minutes to
five o'clock, the unfinished business will be
the bill of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scott.] If any other business is pend-
nigatthat time it must go upon the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. Of course, that is under-
stood.
settlers on indian reservations.
Mr. WINDOM. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom whs referred
the bill (S. No. 562) in relation to settlers on
the late Sioux Indian reservation in the State
of Minnesota, to reportitbaek with an amend-
ment, and I ask for its present consideration.
I think there will be no objection to it what-
ever. I will state that it simply extends the
time in which settlers may make proof of their
claims on two reservations in Minnesota, the
residue of the State having had the same favor
by an act previously passed.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to amend the act
of Congress approved March 6, 1868, entitled
"An act for the relief of settlers on the late
Sioux Indian reservation in the State of Min-
nesota," so as to allow the settlers therein
provided for until the 1st of March, 1874, in
which to make proof and payment for their
claims.
The amendment of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands was to add the following as an addi-
tional section:
That the settlers on the Fort Ridgely military res-
ervation in Minnesota be allowed until the 1st day
of March, A. D. 1874, in whieh to make proof and
payment of their claims.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, its title was
amended so as to read : " A bill in relation to
settlers on certain Indian reservations in the
State of Minnesota."
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the acting Secretary of
the Interior, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of May 9, 1872, calling for information
concerning Pacific Railroad Companies; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. C. S. Wilson have leave to
withdraw from the files of the Senate her petition
and papers.
iienry clay williams.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider House bill No. 752,
reported from the Committee o.n Claims.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 752) to appropriate
to Henry Clay Williams a sum of money found
due him on the adjustment of his accounts.
It proposes to appropriate the sum of $500 to
Henry Clay Williams, being a balance due him
upon the adjustment of his accounts as
receiver of the land office at Eau Claire, Wis-
consin.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
s. d. houston.
Mr. POMEROY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 572J for the relief of
S. D. Houston, late receiver of public moneys
at Junction City, in the State of Kansas, to
report it back without amendment; and I ask
that it be put upon its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to appropriate
$223 34 to reimburse S. D. Houston, late re-
ceiver of public moneys at the United States
land office at Junction City, Kansas, for one
month's salary and commissions paid to John
Williams, the register of that office, after the
act of the 2d of March, 1867, known as the
"civil-tenure-office law;" and in the settle-
ment of the accounts of Houston the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office is authorized
to allow and pay the sum of $223 34, as settle-
ment in full of payment made to John Wil-
liams by S. D. Houston.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
jacksonville and st. augustine road.
Mr. OSBORN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1030) granting the right of way
through the public lands to the Jacksonville
and St. Augustine Railroad Company, to re-
port it back without amendment;, and I ask
that it be put upon its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is but a
minute longer remaining before the time fixed
for taking a-recess.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the time be extended
ten minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas move that the time be
extended ten minutes?
"Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. CONKLING. What is the request?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas desires that the time for taking
a recess be extended ten minutes.
Mr. CONKLING. I will notobject to that
if the Senator will consent that at the other
end the time be extended also. I believe we
are to meet at half past seven o'clock; but if
we are to stay here any longer now, that time
ought to be made later.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
objects, it cannot be done.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the recess continue
until a quarter to eight.
Mr. RAMSEY. No; let us adjourn now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York object?
Mr. CONKLING. 1 do not like to object,
but I hope if the time is extended now it will
be extended also at the other end.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands there is no objection, aud the time
for taking a recess is extended ten minutes.
The Senator from New York now asks that the
evening session may commencc at some other
time.
Mr. CONKLING. I will say a quarter to
eight o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well, I have no objec-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York asks that the evening session
commence at a quarter to eight o'clock. The
Chair hears no objection, aud it is so ordered.
The afternoon session will close at ten minutes
to five o'clock.
Mr. OSBORN. Now I hope Senate bill
No. 1036 will be taken up.
There being no objection, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to grant to
the Jacksonville and St. Augustine Railroad
Company, a corporation existing under the
laws of the State of Florida, the right of way
through the public lands of the United States
between Jacksonville and St. Augustine, for
one hundred feet in width on each side of the
track of the railroad and of any of its branches,
with the right to take from the lands, or from
any of the public lands adjacent thereto, stone,
timber, earth, or other material, to be used in
the construction and repair of the railroad;
and the company is also to have the right to
enter upon any of the public lands or lots of
land, the property of the United States, and
take the same for depots, shops, side-tracks, or
other necessary uses of the railroad; but no lot
or tract of land so taken is to exceed forty acres
in any one place. No military reservation is to
be crossed or appropriated unless the conseut
of the Secretary of War be first obtained, and
then only under such restrictions as he shall
establish. The road is to be a postal and mil-
itary road, and Congress is to have the rightto
alter, amend, or repeal this act as shall in its
discretion be deemed best.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
west wisconsin railway lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
