THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
the' authority of law, in violation of law, to
recount the votes, and the recount upon which
they rely here wasmade upon their own motion.
-It simply comes to this, whether the volun-
teers, these outsiders who are interested in
changing the result of the vote as officially
declared, and who went without authority of
law, and in violation of law, and got possession
of the ballot-boxes, and made a recount-, shall
be allowed here to say what the result of the
election was, against the certificate of the
sworn officers of the law who made the official
count iu the discharge of their duties at the
time of the election and betore anybody knew
that a change of 4 votes would change the
result. Can it be seriously contended that
such a recount is more reliable than the official
count? Will the House lay down as a rule for
all future cases such a rule as is here insisted
upon by the minority of the committee? 1
trust not.
But, Mr. Speaker, besides that, there are
facts disclosed in this testimony which show
how utterly unreliable and unsafe this recount
was. Let us glance at some of the facts.
Now, in regard to the south poll of Wayne
township, where the contestant, claims to have
gained 11 votes by the recount, and without
which I apprehend nobody will claim that he
could possibly be entitled to the seat, what are
the facts? in the first place, the ballot-box
in that district was not kept in the custody of
the law. It was never in the hands of the officer
whom the law required to take charge of it. It
was left in the hands of one Mr. Parry, a
trustee, who was acting not as inspector of the
precinct where this vote was cast, but of
another precinct where the north poll was held
in this township. Not only so, but the friends
of the contestant, upon their own motion,
without any of the friends of the sitting mem-
ber being present, went to where the ballot-
box was. it being left in a public office in the
city of Richmond, got possession of it, opened
it, handled the ballots, and made what they
said was a recount, for the purpose of ascer-
taining whether there was any mistake in the
official count or not..
Now, if there were nothing else in this case,
I want to know it'the Houbb wiLL establish the
precedent that after the ballots have been
counted at a given precinct and the results as-
certained, and after the fi lendsof 1 he defeated
candidate, the active, zealous partisans of the
defeated candidate, have gone in violation of'
law and got hold of" the ballots and handled
them—-whether the House will establish the
precedent that any recount, after all thai, should
be received in preference to the official count.
I apprehend the Ilouse will never establish
sutfh a rulo as that. If it does, there will he
no end to contested-election cases hereafter,
because wherever there is a close vote, if out-
side parties can go and get their hands on the
ballots and recount them, everybody will under-
stand what the temptation will be to change a
lew votes in these cases. It appeared in evi-
dence that a great many of the tickets had the
names of both candidates on them. How easy
to change the result by striking out one of the
names by drawing a pencil through it and
leaving the other unmarked 1 I need not dwell
on that. Everybody knows that in the midst
of the excitement which follows an election,
where the result is very close and doubtful
there is scarcely ever a case where men can-
not be found to tamper with the ballots if it
would change the result. It appears further
that the office where the ballot-box was left
was entered, and the ballots themselves were
in fact tampered with.
I read now from the testimony of William
Parry, an extract to be found on pages 38 and
39 of the testimony taken in this case :
'' T hirty-fourilt In your examination yes-
terday you were asked whether betore that recount
by fecott and Xoung any other person or persons had
had access to any of the tickets voted at the south
at said election after the same came into your
custody, and your answer, as written by the notary,
is, ' not to my knowledge or belief.' Explain what
you mean by that answer.
" Amwer, I have discovered since making that
answer that somebody has been m the office and to
the ballot-box. and if they could havo gotten in
since the counting of the votes they could have
done so before; but whether they were in before
or not, I don'tknow.
"Thirty-fifth question. Bid you mean anything more
by using the words 'or belief,' than that you had
no pus pic-ion that anybody had had access to the bal-
lot, tickets, &e.?
" Anvwer. That is all that I meant to convey."
Now, the fact is that this ballot box was left
in a public office in the town of Richmond for
two or three weeks after the-election, in open
view, so that every mau who went in and out
of the office could see it—where people were
in the habit of coming and going. The fact
is that Scott and Young, two of the friends of
the contestant, did go to that office and over-
haul the ballots, and the evidence is clear that
other persons might have done the same thing.
Now, what reliance can be placed upon a re-
count which varies the result of the official
count after all these things have happened?
In Green township the ballot-box was left
in a tavern or bar-room for some time after
the election, and after lying about there
for some time the inspector called for it, and
it was delivered to him by a young lady. The
inspector found, when he got the box, that the
lock upon it. could be opened very easily; that
il would come open upon receiving a slight
jar. He took the box home and left it for
some time in a bed room. On two or three
occasions while it remained there he found
the box open. After a long time two or three
persons got together and opened the box, re-
counted the ballots, and claimed to have dis-
covered a mistake. I say again that there can
be no certainty about an election ; no safety for
any man elected, if the country is to understand
that recounts of this character can take the
place of official counts made by the legal offi-
cers of election.
There is one recount that has more plausi-
bility about it; that is in Noble township. It
has more plausibility because the tally-sheets
which were kept at that poll seem to corrob-
orate the recount, and show that there prob-
ably was a mistake of two against the sitting
member. The tally paper shows that there
were but three marks made at a pomt where
there should perhaps have been five marks.
Of course, it is not certain, and I would hetsi-
tate long to take even that as showing that there
was a mistake made by the official canvassers.
However that may be, that poll alone, if cor-
rected in that way, would not affect the result
of the election.
I observe in the minority report that they
seek to throw out two votes cast for the sitting
member because the given or Christian name
of Air. Wilson does not appear upon the bal-
lots. 1 understood that the contestant did not
insist upon that. I think it will be found, by
examining his argument, that he expressly de-
clared that he has no doubt that those votes
were intended for the sitting member, and that
he does not seek the seat in this House unless
he can get it upon the merits of his case. He
disclaims all desire to occupy the seat if it is
to be obtained by resorting to technicalities of
this kind. Nevertheless, the minority of the
Committee of Elections have made this point
in their report.
Let me say that if we are to try this case
upon technicalities, then the sitting member
can have no difficulty in retaining his seat.
There is one poll in this district, the returns
of which are not certified to by any officer at
all; they are sent out without the signature
of any one. If they are thrown out, then the
sitting member will gain something like a hun-
dred^ votes, I think; at least quite a large
number.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Eighty-nine votes.
Mr. McCRARY. Bighty-mne votes. The
contestant called a witness to prove the vote
of this precinct, and to cure this defect in the
returns. But that witness was not named in
the notice given to take testimony, and tech-
nically speaking, his testimony cannot be re-
ceived. Besides, if any one will take the
trouble to examine the testimony of that wit-
ness, it will be found that he is by no means
clear as to what the result of the election was,
or as to whether the ballots produced before
him were the identical ballots there cast or not.
But, Mr. Speaker, we do not seek to try
this case upon technicalities; we do desire to
try it upon the broad merits ; we wish to have
the House pass upon the question which is
presented here, and which is the turning point
in the case upon its merits, without reference
to technicalities ; and that question is whether
these recounts shall stand in the place of the
official count.
There are two votes cast for the contestant
which must be thrown out, and not upon tech-
nical grounds. In each of these cases two
ballots were folded together, the voter evi-
dently intending to cast two votes instead of
one. The statute of Indiana expressly pro-
vides that all such votes shall be rejected.
The proof is clear that in these two cases
ballots of this kind were cast for the contest-
ant ; and they must be rejected.
All these things being considered it is clear
not only that the contestant cannot secure the
seat unless we go into the question of recounts,
but also that he cannot, secure it unless we
allow him what he claims under all the
recounts.
Before taking my seat I desire to call the
attention of the House to the following cases
wherein the House has decided the very ques-
tion I have endeavored to discuss: Butler vs.
Lehman. (Bartlett.'s Contested-Election Cases,
volume 1, page 353 ; Kline  s. Verree, (Ibid.,
page 381.) In the former case, the House, after
lull discussion, sustained the minority of the
committee in rejecting a recount in a case
much stronger in favor of the recount than
the one now before us. lam sorry thattimedoes
not permit me to read from that case, nor
from the able debate in the House upon it.
Mr. ARTHUR obtained the floor.
school lards in Missouri.
Mr. KING, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. It. No. 2369) to grant to the
State of Missouri all the public lands within
the State remaining undisposed of for the
benefit of the school fund of said State ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KING also, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Missouri, asking Congress to grant to
that State the Government lands remaining
unsold therein, the proceeds to be applied to
the public school fund of the State ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from, the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had appointed Mr. Sawyer a manager on the
part of the Senate at the conference on the
bill (H. R. No. 1060) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, in place
of Mr. Stevenson, excused.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate dis-
agreed to by the House to the bill (H. R. No.
1980) relating to proposals and contracts for
the transportation of the mails, and for other
purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 724) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Texas
