1760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
influence, so far as New York was concerned.
I wrote to Hon. Moses H. Grinnell as follows:
United States Senate Chamber,
Washington, January 30, 1871.
My Dkar Sir : You have no doubt seen the state-
ment in the Times m regard to tfee appointments in
the custom-house upon tberecomuiendation of Sen-
ators and others. It is said nineteen are chargeable
to me. Of course I have not asked Mr. Murphy to
appoint any one nor to retain any already appointed.
I hradly think you at my suggestion, or ur>on my
request, gave places to nineteen, all told. You will
remember a list was made out when the matter of
patronage in your department was the subject of
unfriendly comment, a little less than one year ago.
The number of persons appointed, as I now bring
the matter to mind, upon my recommendation, was
about the same as were appointed for Senators
Conkling and Morgan, respectively.
May I ask of you the kindness to state how it
was? Did I have nineteen appointments more or
less? And further, how many, near as may be, were
appointed on account of Senator Conkling?
Very truly, your friend, K. E. FENTON.
Hon. Moses H. Grinnell, Naval Office, New York.
He replied to me February 1:
Office of the Naval Officer,
New York, February11871.
My Dear Sir: I have not the means of being
exact, as the papers of gentlemen whom I ap-
pointed were left by me on file in the collector's
department.
I received a good many applications and made a
number of appointments in cases where your own
name or Senator Conkling's appeared with others
on the papers of the applicant.
From the memoranda which I have your name
appears with others as indorsing twenty-one per-
sons, and Mr. Cosklinq's name appears as indors-
ing sixteen. In eight of these both your names
appear.
I made appointments which were understood to
be desired by you, as well as appointments desired
by Senator Conkling. and according to my recollec-
tion. these appointments were about equal in number.
For instance, I appointed lour weigheis indorsed
by Mr. Conkling and four indorsed by you. In the
appointment ot threeof those, however, Mr. Conk-
ling and yourself united in recommending them.
Very truly, your friend,
M. H. GRINNELL.
Eon. It. E. Fknton,
United States Senate, Washington, D. C.
A little after the appointment of Mr. Mur-
phy it was said—I have noc credited the re-
port—that my colleague met Mr. Murphy, Mr.
Terwiliiger, and Mr, Cornell in the city of
New York and arranged a list of a little less
than two hundred appointments—as I have it
one hundred and seventy-nine were placed
upon the list for removal. It is certain that
many removals weie made following this
alleged interview and prior to the State con-
vention, and some following the State conven-
tion of September of that year, in all I believe
about two hundred. But I do not suppose
that it can be true, for I have no desire to
insinuate that my colleague was instrumental
in securing these changes, and I am pretty cer-
tain that if he would not do it in the New York
custom-house, he would hardly interfere in
any other department of the Government. It
happens, however, that the nineteen persons
mentioned by Mr. Grinnell in his letter were
removed during the period to which I refer
and following the appointmentof Mr. Murphy,
lhave here letters from these gentlemen which
•were voluntarily given to me following the
statement of my colleague in the Senate, Jan-
uary 24, 1871, that he had not interfered in
the appointments iu the custom-house in the
city of New York. I will read one letter as a
specimen:
New York, February 2,1871.
Dear Sir: I see by the newspaper* thai Senator
Conkling denies having recommended any person
to the collector of this port either lor retention or
appointment in the custom-house.
Sir, it is not for me, an humble citizen, to ques-
tion the statement of the honorable Senator, but at
least ninety per cent, of the Republicans ot the city
of No.v Y"ik believe othctwue. And wnat are tne
fact* in Mu'e.ise? I was appointed by lion. M.
Ji. Grinnell on your -solicitation, and was known
and lecojsnized at aU nines as a true and constant
friend of Senatoi Fknton. (winch I always ciiaal
be, no matter what sliail occur.)
lime rolled on, and Mr. Mtirpny wasnominated for
the position ol Collector. You opposed hb confirm-
ation iujthe interest of the Republican party ot the
city of New York, and in fact of the State. Senator
Conkling was his special champion m that memo-
rable contest, and he was finally confirmed, but dur-
ing that time and after, rumors ran thick and fast
through the custom-house, of ostracism, as this was
a Conklingand Fenton fight, and Fenton's friends
would be decapitated. Sure enough the guillotine
did fall, (very soon.) Mr. Murphy sent for your hum-
bleservantand told him that he was in daily consulta-
tion with President Grant, and that it was his (Pre-
sident Grant's) desire that he (Murphy) mid Senator
Conkling should have the full control of the Federal
patronage in the city of New York; and that those
persons holding office under the Administration
would be expected to send delegates to the State
convention that would act in harmony with him
(Murphy) and vote for him and his friends on the
temporary organization, as it was of the greatest
importance to have the temporary chairman, as he
would appoint committees in the interest of Mr.
Murphy ; he saidhe knew who my friends were, but
that that did not make any difference if I would act
with him. he would be as good a friend of mine as
Senator Fknton had been, " if notbetter," and that
Senator Conkling had more weight in Washington
than all the rest of them put together.
Mr. Murphy then asked me what I was going to
do about the delegates to the State convention, and
I told him I would submit his demand to the members
of our executive committee when called together, to
make out a ticket; he told me that was unnecessary
as I had the power to send who I pleased to the
convention.
I ought to state that the writer of this is
Mr John Duke, a reliable citizen of the fourth
Assembly district, L believe, in New York, and
who has exerciscd a large political influence
in that Assembly district for a great many years
past and was then president of the district
association, and had filled the position of
weigher in the New York custom-house.
The convention was held, and our delegates did
not do as Mr. Murphy requested, as they thought
more of the success ot the Republican party than
the retention of any individual in the custom-
house.
A few days after the election I received a very
polite note from CoIlectorMurphy, stating that " my
services were no longer required." Why did I re-
ceive this note? Simply because I was a steadfast
friend of Senator Fenton's, and would not follow the
dictates of Murphy & Co. to the destruction of the
Republican party in this city and Srate. The gen-
tleman that relieved me is believed by some per-
sons to be a Democrat, while all that know him
agree that he seldom (if *ever) goes to the polls to
vote, and one gentleman, who has been associated
with him for eight or nine years, has told me he
never heard him say one word in defense of the
Republican party, although most of that time em-
ployed as an inspector in the custom-house.
There could not have been any other reason for
my removal, as my record as a Republican is above
reproach, and my official record during my short
stay in the custom-house will compare fivorably
with that of any person who ever held a like posi-
tion.
Hoping to be pardoned for troubling you with
this Jong statement of facts, and sincerely trusting
that you may be able to cement the good feeling
that should exist m the ranks of the Republican
party in the State of New York, I remain, your
obedient servant,
JOHN DUKE.
Hon. R. E. Fknton, Washington, D. C.
I will not take up the time of the Senate by
reading any more of these communications,
but the persons mentioned by Mr. Grinnell
were all similarly removed from the custom-
house, and their places were supplied by those
who were supposed to have different personal,
if not political feeling.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York will please pause at this point.
The morning hour has expired, and the tariff
bill is before the Senate. The understanding
was that it would be superseded to-day by gen-
eral consent informally, or by a formal motion,
by the Chicago relief bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that my colleague
may be allowed to conclude his remarks. I
think there wifl be no further debate. As four
morning hours have been talked out now, I
hope this resolution wisl not go over again.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President  -
The V ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman*] does not claim the floor,
but the Sena'or from I- wa [Mr. Wright] is
claiming it, as the Chair supposes, to call up
the Cuic igo relief bill.
Mr. CONKLING I appeal to the Senator
from Iowa to allow my colleague to conclude
his remarks.
Mr. FENTON. It is not important that I
should proceed further, However, if the Sen-
ator will give way, I will conclude in five min-
utes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the tariff bill will be informally
passed over. It must be called up again, to
resume its place, before adjournment or going
into executive session this afternoon.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope that may be the
understanding.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Presiding
Officer will call it ud before the adjournment.
TheVTCEPRESiDENT. Now the Chicago
relief bill is before the Senate, subject to be
superseded by the tariff bill, if it is not con-
cluded before the adjournment.
Mr. WRIGHT. If no debate will follow the
remarks -of the Senator from New York, I shall
not object to allowing him to conclude. If I
can get up the Chicago bill in a few moments,
I shall not object; but if there is any question
in the world, 1 shall insist on the bill being pro-
ceeded with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be subject
to a demand for the regular order by any Sen-
ator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Chicago re-
lief bill will not be superseded by anything
until it is finished.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The tariff bill is to be the
next in order, whenever it may be disposed of.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to say that I shall
ask the Senate to remain here to-day uutil
we dispose of the Chicago relief bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is subject to
demand for the regular order. The Senator
from Ohio must see to calling it up himself,
for the Chair does not desire to do it without
the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois did not object, as I understood him, to
an arrangement that after the Chicago relief
bill is disposed of the tariff bill should be
the unfinished business.
Several Senators. No objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no objection to that order. The Chair
will then himself call up the tariff bill, pend-
ing a motion to adjourn, or as soon as the
Chicago relief bill is disposed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As soon as the relief bill
is disposed of, whether to-day or to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York will now continue, if there
be no objection, his remarks on the resolu-
tion of his colleague, subject to the demand
for the regular order at any time.
Mr. FENTON. I haveonly rt ferred to this
matter of appointments and removals under
Mr. Murphy's administration for the purpose of
giving a reason if I could why I was estopped
from saying that my colleague had exer-
cised very much influence in the disposition
of these offices in New York, and therefore
very likely in other departments of the Ad-
ministration.
Now. sir, as to myself, I made a large
number of recommendations during the period
that I was deemed in full accord with the
Administration, or rather when my recom-
mendations were regarded with equal favor
by the Administration. I did then exercise
the liberty of making recommendations as
applications were made to me by persons
whom 1 believed to be deserving of public
position. My acquaintance is very exiensive
in the State, as well in those Democra'ic
counties which were not repressed here
by Republican Representatives as in other sec-
tions. 'I he applications to me, especially for
post office appointments not presidential, were
very uumerous.
It will be borne in mind that, the counties
of Kings, Queens, Richmond, Suffolk, New
York, Westchester, Putnam, Rockland, Ul-
ster, Albany, and Schoharie were jepresenied
m the Forty-First Congress by Democrats)
and all the appointments made in these coun-
ties were relerred to the Senators, 1 suppose j
at least a large number were referred to me
for my recommendation and advice thereon.
