1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
Laws of the United States.
42d Conq....2d Sess.
a'.'c, [)in: bundled thousand dollars: Provided,
i hat the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, aud
Abui'ioned Lauds shall be discontinued from
and af or June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, and that all agents, clerks, aud
other employees then on duty shall be dis-
charged, except such as may be retained by
the Secretary of War for the purposes of this
proviso; and all acta and parts of acts per-
taining to the collection and payment of boun-
ties or other moneys due to colored soldiers,
sailors, and marines, or their heirs, shall
remain in force until otherwise ordered by
Congress, the same to be carried into effect by
the Secretary of War, who may employ such
clerical force as may be necessary for the
purpose.
For the support of Freedmen's Hospital
and Asylum at Washington, District of Colum-
bia, viz : pay of medical officers and attend-
ants ; medicines, medical supplies, and ra-
tions; clothing; rent of hospital buildings,
fuel, and lights; repairs and transportation,
seventy-four thousanddollars : Provided, That
110 part of said appropriation shall be used in
the support of, or to pay any of the aforesaid
expenses on account of any persons hereafter
to be admitted to said hospital and assylum,
uu less persons removed thither from some
other Government hospital: Provided. That
after June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy two, the Freedmen's Hospital in the
District of Columbia shall, until otherwise
ordered by Congress, be continued under the
supervision and control of the Secretary of
War, who shall make all estimates, and pass
all accounts, and be accountable to the Treas-
ury of the United States for all expenditures.
Signal Office.
For manufacture, purchase, or repair of
meteorological and other necessary instru-
ments; for telegraphing reports; torexpenses
of storm signals announcing probable approach
and force of storms throughout the Cmted
States, for the benefit ot commerce and agri
culture; for instrument-shelters; for hire,
furniture, and expenses of offices maintained
for public use in cities or posts receivitig
reports ; for maps and bulletins, to be dis-
played in Chambers of Commerce and Boards
of Trade rooms; for books and stationery;
and tor incidental expenses not otherwise pro-
vided for, two hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars : Provided, That the Secretary of War be,
and he hereby is, authorized and required to
provide, in the system of observations and
reports in charge of the chief signal officer of
the Army, for such stations, reports, and
signals as may be found necessary for the ben-
efit of agricultuie and commercial interests:
And provided, That no part of this appropri
anon, nor of any appropriation for the several
Departments of ihe Government, shall be paid
to any telegraphic company which shall neglect
or refuse to transmit telegraphic communica-
tions between said Departments, their officers,
agents, or employees, under the provisions of
the second section of chapter two hundred and
tlnri.y of the Statutes of the United States tor
the year eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and
at rales of compensation therefor to be estab-
lished by the Postmaster General: Provided
also, That whenever any telegraph company
shall have filed its written acceptance with the
Postmaster General, of the restrictions and
obligations required by the act approved July
twenty fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
entuleil " An act io aid in the construction of
ieU-^raph lines, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the s.tsne, tor postal, military,
and oilier purposes," if such company, its
-ats or employees, shall hereafter retuse or
negleet to transmit any such tfc.e^raphic crao-
tnunicaiions as are provided for by tne afore-
said act, or by ihe joint resolution approved
the ninth day of February, eighteen hundred
and seventy, "to authorize the Secretary of
War to provide for taking meteorological
observations at the military stations and other
points of the interior of the continent, and for
giving notice on the northern lakes and sea-
board of the approach and forfie of storms,"
such telegraphic company shall forfeit and pay
to the United States not less than one hundred
and not exceeding one thousand dollars for
each refusal or neglect aforesaid, to be recov-
ered by an action or actions at law, in any
district court of the United States.
Miscellaneous Objects.
To provide for the payment under existing
laws for horses and other property lost or
destroyed in the military service of the United
States, one hundred thousand dollars.
Secret-service fund:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
settle the accounts of disbursing officers for
expenditures already made in pursuance of
law, which will not involve any actual expend-
iture, but merely a transfer on the books of
the Treasury, fifty thousand dollars.
To provide for the payment to Benn Pitman
for a transcript of his phonographic copy of
the record aud proceedings of the court of
inquiry in relation to the conduct of General
D. C. Buell, while in command of the army
in Kentucky and Tennessee, the sum of twelve
hundred dollars.
Military convicts at State penitentiaries:
For payment of costs and charges of State
penitentiaries for the care, clothing, main-
tenance, and medical attendance of United
States military convicts confined in them,
sixty-five thousand dollars.
Refunding to States expenses incurred in
raising volunteers:
To indemnify the States for expenses in-
curred by them in enrolling, equipping, and
transporting troops for the defence of the
United States during the late insurrection,
live hundred thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of War to paythe
expenses incurred, on the part of the United
States, in the arbitration had between the
United States and the Green Bay and Missis-
sippi Canal Company, thirteen thousand seven
hundred aud thirteen dollars and ninety-seven
cents.
To provide for the erection of head-stones
upon the graves of soldiers in the national
cemeteries, the sum of two hundred thousand
dollars.
For the establishment of an astronomical
base, and continuance of military and geo-
graphical surveys and explorations west of the
one hundredth meridian of longitude, under
the direction of the Secretary of War, seventy-
five thousand dollars.
For the purchase and preparation of instru-
ments for a proper observation of the transit
of Venus, which is predicted to occur on the
eighth of December, eighteen hundred and
seventy-four, fifty thousand dollars, to be
expended under the direction of a commis-
sion, to be composed of the Superintendent
aud two of the professors of mathematics of
the Navy attached to the Naval Observatory,
the president of the National Academy of
Sciences, and the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey: Provided, That no contracts or engage-
ments shall be made for such instruments to
an amount exceeding the sum hereby appro-
priated.  
For pedestal for the equestrian statue of
General Wnifield Scott, authorized by act of
July fifteenth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
forty-two thousand dollars.
For expenses of the United States commis-
sioners to the international penitentiary con-
gress at Loudon, in eighteen hundred aud
i seventy-two, live thousand dollars.
For expenses of the United~States commis-
sioners to the international statistical con-
gress at Saint Petersburg, five thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
provide a law library for the Territory of Col-
orado, two thousand five hundred dollars, said
library to be selected by the chief justice of
said Territory.
For preparing and printinga series of maps,
not exceeding twenty in number, to illustrate
graphically the quarto volumes of the ninth
census, twenty-five thousand dollars.
UNDER THE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Nam/- Yards.
Navy-yard, Portsmouth, New Hampshire:
For repairs of all kinds, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars; for repairs of floating-docks,
eighty thousand dollars; for permanent im-
provements, namely, for bridge connecting
Seavey's Island, four thousand dollars; in all,
one hundred and fifty-nine thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For constructing and testing experimental
breech-loading boat-howitzers, ten thousand
dollars.
Navy-yard, Boston, Massachusetts:
For repairs of all kinds, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars.
Navy-yard, Brooklyn, New York:
For repairs of all kinds, one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Navy-yard, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania:
For repairs of all kinds, forty thousand
dollars.
Navy-yard, Washington, District of Colum-
bia:
For repairs of all kinds, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars.
Navy-yard, Norfolk, Virginia:
For repairs of all kinds, one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Navy-yard, Pensacola, Florida:
For repairs of all kinds, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
Navy-yard, Mare Island, California:
For repairs of all kinds, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars; for repairs of floating-docks,
one hundred thousand dollars; for permanent
improvements, namely, for commencing dry-
dock, two hundred thousand dollars; con-
tinuing quay wall and wharves, thirty thou-
sand dollars; continuation of rail tracks, five
thousand dollars; in all, four hundred and lea
thousand dollars.
Naval station at League Island, Pennsyl-
vania:
For repairs and maintenance of embank-
ments and for dredging, one hundred and fif-
teen thousand dollars.
For naval station at New London, Con-
necticut:
For building wharf, grading, for building
storehouse, and for care and preservation of
property, twenty thousand dollars.
Naval station at Key West, Florida :
For repairs of all kinds, fifteen thousand
dollars.
Emergencies at naval stations:
For emergencies that may arise at naval
stations, forty thousand dollars.
UNDER THE DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Buildings and Grounds.
For improvement of grounds:
For labor, twelve thousand dollars: for
heating apparatus for new grapery, two thou
sand dollars; for materialfor roads and waiks,
one thousand five hundred dollars; for cast-
iron labels for naming trees in arboretum, one
hundred dollars ; for tools, repairs, and biack-
smithmg, one thousand-dollars; for diaining-
tiles for grounds, five hundred dollars; for
