1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1761
There are in those counties three hundred and
ninety-three post office appointments not pres-
idential, where changes were made under this
Administration. While I did not approve of
the wide-sweeping changes that were made,
yet as the practice prevailed, I had a duty to
discharge to my constituents, not only in their
having referred these papers to me through the
mail and by persons calling upon me, but I
was asked to visit the Departments, and
especially the Post Office Department, very
often. There are, in addition, in this Con-
gress the counties of Warren, Essex, Clinton,
Erie, Rensselaer, and Washington, having two
hundred and sixty-four of these non-presi-
dential appointments. So that it will be seen
that my colleague, or myself, or some other
person was to exercise the prerogative of
advising the Department what appointments
might properly be made, in our judgment. I
shall be surprised if it turns out on investi-
gation that I have not made in this and other
Departments more than two hundred and three
recommendations, as stated in some western
paper. It may run up to three or four hun-
dred ; very likely to, if the resolution of my
colleague is broad enough to cover all the
cases of recommendations that I have made.
I have made some to the Navy Department, or
to Admiral Goldsborough, who had charge
of the navy-yard in this city ; some to the
Agricultural Department, and I do not under-
stand that my colleague's resolution embraces
this class of recommendations.
I have said this much, Mr. President, for
the purpose of giving my most hearty assent
to the resolution introduced by my colleague,
and my support to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from .Nebraska, because it will not only
vindicate my colleague, but vindicate other
Senators of whom it may have been said that
they have made many recommendations, while
in fact they have made but few.
I do not regard it as a matter of very grave
importance. I would be glad if this practice
of frequent changes in the various appointees
under the Government was limited, and no
longer one of the daily practices of the Admin-
istration. I do not mean by that to say that
changes should not be made upon the incom-
ing Administration such as seem to be import-
ant to the public interests, but I am utterly op-
posed to these constant and sweeping changes,
without cause, that are going on from week to
week and from month to month, dependent on
political interests or the recommendations of
this man or that.
I presume, however, if my recommendations
were still regarded, that I should be exercis-
ing this authority. I would regard it iu many
instances not only a duty but a pleasure to do
it, I have appeals made to me now almost
daily of persons who are in need, who have
suffered in the military service, and whose
applications are meritorious, and as long as
the practice prevails of making frequent
changes, and as long as the need for employ-
ment continues in the several Departments of
the Government, I would be glad to have it in
my power to aid these needy and meritorious
persons to public positions. I am obliged to
turn them away. It is in the power of my col-
league to assist them. I have no doubt he has
the disposition, and I only wish that he would
break over his false pride as to recommenda-
tion and help some of them, as I am sure he
could.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President, I
hope we may have the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nebraska, [Mr. Tipton,] widening the scope
of the inquiry from the States named to all the
States.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 29; as follows:
yeas —Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of Connecti-
42d Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 111.
eat, Cro'dthwaifce, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston,
Kelly, Logan, Norwood, Pratt, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Xhurman,
Trumbull, Vickers, and Wright—2J.
NAYS — Messrs. Aleorn, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Caldwell. Carpenter, Chandler,
Cole, Conlding, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Michi-
gan, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Morton,
Nye.Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, and Stewart—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham. Cameron, Clay-
ton, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Flanagan, Freling-
huysen, Hamilton of Maryland, Hitchcock, Kellogg,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patter-
son, Pool, Robertson, Tipton, West, Wilson, and
"Windom—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask now to modify my
resolution in accordance with the amendment
which I sent up the other day, so that it will
embrace the matter proposed by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York, in accordance with previous
notice, now proposes to modify his resolution
as suggested by himself the other day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
his modifying it; but as to the last remark he
made, that the modification is to conform to
my amendment, I protest that his modification
does not embrace it.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will modify it,
and the Senator can subsequently offer any
addition that he wants.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution,
as modified, will now be read.
The Chief Clerk. The modification is to
insert at the end of the resolution the follow-
ing:
And whether appointments or removals have in
any instance been made at the suggestion or request
of any third party, who has acted as a go-between
between either of said Senators and the appointing
Eower, or represented, or in any manner caused it to
0 understood, that such appointments or removals
would be agreeable to, or were desired by, any Sen-
ator, and if so, giving the name of the Senator and
of the person who so represented or caused it to be
understood ; and particularly whether any such ap-
pointments or removals have been made at the sug-
gestion ot Roswell Hart, an assistant superintend-
ent of mail service in the State of New York, or of
A. H. Laflin, naval officer of the port of New York,
or of A. B. Cornell, surveyor of the port of New
York, they, or either of them, professing to repre-
sent any such Senators ; also, whother any persons
speaking for or on behalf of any such Senators have
approached the executive department or any of its
branches with proposals to arrange or compose the
dissatisfaction of any such Senators on the basis of
patronage or by means of patronage: also, whether
any of such Senators have made application or sug-
gestion in regard to the award of any contract re-
quired by law to be let to the lowest bidder, and if
so, what Senator, and the name of the bidder in
whose behalf such suggestion was made.
Mr. THGRMAN. Mr. President, I do not
want to occupy more than five minutes of
lime; but I do want to occupy that much on
this resolution. I wish to observe in passing,
however, that the amendment or modification
just proposed to ask the President or heads of
Departments if there are "go-betweens"  
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Illi-
nois proposed that.
Mr. TflURMAN. I do not carc who pro-
posed it. My criticism does not depend upon
who proposed it.
Mr. CONKLING. I thought the Senator
seemed to think I invented that.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not care who has
the patent-right for it; it is a funny proposi-
tion to ask the Secretary of State to tell the
Senate whether there is a go-between between
the Secretary of State and a Senator, or to
ask the same question of each of the other
Departments—to ask them to state whether or
not Senators have approached them to try and
make bargains for the reconciliation of diffi-
culties. What kind of answer do you cxpcct
to that? What sort of answer could there be
to that? Is it becoming the dignity of the
Senate or the common proprieties amonggen-
tlemen to put any such question as that to the
head of a Department? I cannot, for one,
see it, and therefore I am opposed to the modi
fication.
1 am opposed to the whole resolution since
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Nebraska [Mr. Tipton] has been voted down.
If that amendment had prevailed, I would have
voted for the resolution in the belief that possi-
bly the revelations under it might be of some
service in the consideration of civil service
reform, if it is admissible here to speak of that
lately highly respectable thing. But now that
it is limited to four States I cannot vote for it
at all. I know it is very hard to resist the
appeal made by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. conkling,] who says he wants this reso-
lution passed for his own vindication ; and if
I thought it was nccessary for his vindication
I would vote for it to oblige him; but does he
not see that no answer that can be given will
have any effect, one way or the other, upon
the charges made or supposed to be made
against him ? He wishes to vindicate himself,
as I understand him, from a charge of having
exercised undue influence in the matter of
appointments. Does he not see that if the
Departments report that there is not one single
recommendation of his on file it serves to
strengthen the charge instead of weakening it;
that then his enemies will say that the Senator
from New York does not put himself on paper,
he does not file recommendations in the Depart-
ments ; he speaks personally to the appointing
power or to some familiar of that power?
Mr. CONKLING. And this resolution calls
expressly for that.
Mr. THURMAN. And what kind of an-
swer will you get? Is the Administration going
to give us a list of its familiars? No, Mr.
President, it is all sham; I do not say meant
to be sham ; but the inquiry will all be mere
smoke, and nothing but smoke, and it does not
become the Senate to indulge in any such—I
will notsayridiculous, but futile and frivolous—
inquiry as this. I shall vote against the reso-
lution.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I voted a few-
minutes ago against the adoption of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Nebraska. I have
all along thought that this family feud was a
thing hardly suited to the dignity of the Senate.
I think it had better be settled in some other
place. It never did matter to me which of the
Senators who are anxious to investigate the
conduct of each other, and some of them by
comparison with the whole Senate, were most
praiseworthy, or what were the particular sub-
jects of grievance between them. I think
there is important business enough for this
body to devote itself to without turning aside
to ascertain the inducements that have oper-
ated upon Senators to take one course or an-
other in regard to political affairs in the nation.
It does seem to me that if we have in contem-
plation an adjournment as early as the last of
May, with an immense number of bills on the
Calendar, and many of them of great import-
ance, there are things which might command
with more propriety the attention of the Sen-
ate than the discussion of matters involving
simply the number of requests for appoint-
ments to office made by Senators, the number
that were complied with, and the number that
were rejected. I feel no interest whatever
myself in such matters. It is not because I
am at all afraid of having my own record
investigated, for I will say without any self-
sufficiency, or any degree of complacency,
that I think I might compare records on that
subject with almost any gentleman on the floor.
lam not in the habit of recommending every-
body for office or for anything else. 1 never
knowingly recommend a man for a place unless
I believe him to be worthy of it by his past
history. I have never done it yet, and I shall
not begin at this late period of life; nor have
I ever made a suggestion of a name "with^ a
view of benefiting myself personally or polit-
ically, and I do not think I ever will do it; but
I have in view, as far as I am able to determ-
ine it, the best interests of the ptsblic ser-
vice. If I present the name of any individual
