1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M4^
the postage or transmit them in some manner
outside of the mails. The effect of that will
be, X suppose, that speeches will be printed
to a greater extent than they are, now by the
local papers, and to a less extent in the .Globe
and at the public expense. _
Mr. L. MYERS. Does: it .apply to docu-
ments?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It applies to every
document printed by order of. either House of
Congress.
Mr. L. MYERS. I thought so, because I
saw the gentleman franking a lot of them a day
or two ago.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. , Yes; I do it,like
every other member. It is a very great labor;
but I have to frank all the documents that are
furnished to me.
This bill, if passed, will'put an end to all
the frauds which are committed by simulating
the franks of members of Congress and others
entitled to the franking privilege. It will re-
quire that postage shall be paid on letters or
communications sent to members of Congress.
Most of the letters which members now receive
bear postage stamps—they are post paid. This
bill will require that everything transmitted
through the mails shall be charged with post-
age except documents of a public character.
It will put an end to the privilege wtiieh a few
men now have over their fellow-men ; it will
put all men upon an equality in this regard
If a constituent has business to be attended to
here in Washington, and writes to his member
of Congress about it, let him pay the postage.
If an answer is required, let postage be paid
on that.
I hold in my hand the resolutions adopted
recently by the great Republican party in its
convention at Philadelphia. Among those
resolutions is the following declaration:
"The franking privilege ought to be abolished,
and the way prepared for a speedy reduction in the
rates of postage."
If this bill be passed I give notice that at
the next session of Congress I shall urge the
passage of a bill reducing the rates of postage.
It is evident to the Postmaster General that if
the franking privilege were abolished postage
might very soon be reduced to one cent, and
in my opinion if all mail matter should be re-
quired.to be prepaid, if everything deposited
in the mails should bear postage honestly and
fairly, we could to-morrow reduce the letter
postage to a uniform rate of one cent,
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] state whether this
bill contains any provision that the mail con-
tractors or the railroad companies and others
that carry the mails shall be paid any less for
that service on account of the abolition of the
franking privilege, or are they to be paid
precisely the same that they are now receiving?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is nothing
in this bill upon the subject.
Mr. SHANKS. Will the postmasters be
paid any less?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will the gentleman
tell us how the cost of carrying the mails is to
be reduced ; and, if the mails are to cost any
less'in future than they cost now, what advan-
tage is to be gained?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Speaker,
every man paid for carrying the mail is paid
with a view to the kind of matter that is being
transmitted through the mail. Every man
who takes a contract for carrying the mail
takes a contract in view of the law as it now
stands. As a specimen, a bill was reported
here the other day which was sent to the Com-
mittee of Claims to pay a firm for carrying
extra mail matter by sea between £«ew York
and San Francisco, .because the transmission
of the mails overland was interrupted by
snow. The, parties said that they contracted
not to carry that matter, but other matter; that
additional matter was thrown upon them, and
therefore they made their claim. . _
And there is another claim here m Congress
42d Cons. 2d Sess.— No. 279.
from a man who was carrying the overland
mail, who asked to be recompensed because
Congress provided that the newspaper mail,
which at the time he entered upqn his contract
was required by law to be sent by sea, should
be changed, and was being sent over his line,
thus throwing additional mail matter upon his
coaches; and he comes here with a claim for
compensation.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Is not that a case like
the Choryenning claim?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, if we amend
the law so as to stop the transmission of a lairge
mass of documents through the mail, I sup-
pose to that extent, or to some extent at least,
it will affect the cost of the transmission of
the mails. But the great saving, Mr. Speaker,
iS not in the matter of the transmission of the
mails, but the saving to the Department is in
the additional postage which the Department
will get if you cut off this franking privilege.
It will be found in fact that everything in the
shape of speeches and letters which are now
flooding the mails between Washington and
every part of the country will bear ordinary
rates of postage, and the Department and the
Government will have the benefit of that, as
they ought to have. There is where the saving
comes in. There is where the Department
will be the gainer by getting more postage.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] whether
there are any provisions in this bill by which
speeches made in this House may be sent by
members thereof to their constituents at the
public expense ; or whether it is desired that
what we say here upon public questions shall
be communicated to our constituents only so
far as the leading newspaper of the country
shall report them ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And so far in addi-
tion as gentlemen who desire to iuform their
constituents may take the trouble and incur
the expense of sending their speeches to them.
If a member desires to send his speeches to
his constituents, let either that member or the
constituent who receives them pay the post-
age. If my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] desires to send a thousand or ten
thousand copies of one of his speeches to his
district, why should not the men who receive
that light pay a little postage to the Govern-
ment for it? Unless you can send his speeches
—and they are always able—to every tax-
payer in the United States, thus putting every
man on an equality with every other man, you
ought not to send them at all.
As the case now stands, the system works
unequally. I cannot send a speech to every
man and every tax-payer in my district. No
member of Congress does that. He selects
a portion of his constituents. He has a list
of names furnished to him, and he sends
his speeches to those addresses. But every
taxpayer does not get the speech. Now,
why should one mail get the speech at the
expense of another man ? Why should J ones
be required to contribute for transmitting the
speeches of the gentleman from Massachusetts
to Smith, when Jones does not get one of them?
This places every man upon an equality with
his fellow. If a member of Congress wishes
to make a speech and transmit it to his constit-
uents, let him or his constituents pay the post-
age to the Government, or let it be published
in the newspaper of largest circulation in his
district.
I confess that another very great saving
would result to the Government from this bill
in this: I have no doubt it would put a stop
to the making and transmitting through the
mails of a great many speeches. I am inclined
to think that a great many of the speeches
made in this Hall and in the other end of the
Capitol might as well be suppressed before
they are uttered, as to be made and sent out
at Government expense to the people of the
country. Just at the close of every session ot
Congress you will find in every congressional
district in the United States and in almost
every post office great packages of Congress-
men's speeches done up in those significant
yellow envelopes, packed away in sptne corner
of the post office, or throym away among tbe
rubbish in the farmers' houses,; or under the
table or in the waste-basket in the. merchants'
or lawyers' libraries. . . . _
Mr. YOUNG. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is proceeding by unan-
imous consent. ,
Mr. YOUNG. I object to any further
debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is bn sua-,
pending the rules and passing the bill.
Mr, FARNSWORTH-and Mr. STORM
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were'—
yeas 139, nays 29, not voting 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ames, A re nor. Banks,
Realty, JSeck, Bell, BeveridKe, Bingham, Bird,
Austin Blair, Braxton, Buckles*, Bulfinton, Bor-
chard, Burdett, Campbell, Carroll, Cobb; Coburn,
Comingo, Conger, Cotton, Crocker, Crossland, Dar-
rall, Dawes, lionnan, Dox, Duel!, Duke, Eam'es,
Farnsworth, i'arwell, Finkelnburg, Eorker, Charles
Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster, SVyf.
Oiarrett, 6etz, Golladay, Goodrich, Halsey, Hand-
ley, Hanks, Harper, tjeorge E. Harris, John T. Har-
ris, Hawiey, Hay, Hays, John W. Hazeltoj, Here-
ford, Hibbard, Hill, Holinan, Kellogg, Kendall,
Kerr. Keteham, Killinger, King, Lamisun, Lewis,
Lowe, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McCormiek,
McCrary, McGhew, McIIenry, McIntyre.McJunkin,
McKee, McNecly, Mercur, Merriam. Merrick,
Monroe, Morgan. Morphis, Leonard Myers, Pack-
ard, Packer, Peck, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry,
Peters, Poland, Potter, Prindle, Rainey, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie,
Ellis H. Roberts, William K. Roberts, Sion H.
Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, fShellabar-
ger, Sherwood, Slater, Sloeum, Sloss, 11. Bftardma®
Smith, John A. Smith, Sprague, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stovenson, Storm, Strong, Sutherland, raffe,-
Xerry, Twichell, Tyuer, Van 'frump, Waddell,
Wakeman, Walls, Warren, Wells, Wbiteley, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Young—13y.
ClU JLUUUg XOi>.
NAYS—Messrs. Arthur, Avenll, Bigby, -passa.
Bright, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Caldwell, Cogblan, Do Large, Duanell, Mdjedge,
Elliott, Biddings. Haldeman, Hancock, Harmer,
Hoar, Houghton, Kelley, Maynard, Morey, Piatt,
Snyder, Sypher, Washington Towasend, xurnfcr,
Wallace, and Wliitthorue—29. -
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Barber,
Barnum. Barry, James G. Blair, Boles, Brooks,
Clarke, Conner, Cox, Creba, Creely, Crichter, Davis,
Dickey, Du Bose, Ely, Garfield, Griffith, Hale.Haw-
bleton, Havens, Gerry W. flazelton, Hertidon,
Hooper, Kinsella, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lynch,
MeKirmev, Benjamin F, Meyers. Mitchell, Moore,
Negley, Niblack, Orr, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker.
Isaac C. Parker, Perce, Eli Perry, Porter, Price,
Robinson, John Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, sco-
field, Seeiey, Sheldon. Shober, Shoemaker. Wor-
fchington C. Smith, Soapp, R. Milton Speer, Thomas
J. Speer, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, fowann,
Thomas, Dwight Towrisend, Tuthill, Upson,
Vaugban. Voorhees, Walden, Waldron, Wheeler,
and Wood—72.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended and the bill (H. R. No.
2982) was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LAMPORT said: I am paired with Mr.
Ttjthill, of New York. If he were here I
would vote " ay."
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr, Symf-
kok, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, withoat amendment, a bill
of the House of the'following title:
A bill (II. K. No. 2876) for the relief of
John 0. Beaumont.
The message also announced that the ben-
ate further insisted upon its amendments dis-
agreed to by the House to the bill (H. R. No.
2705) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873? and for other pur-
poses, bad agreed to the further conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Cole,. Mr. Edm^sds, and Mr. Stevenson
as the conferees on the part of the Senate,
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
