814
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 10,
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
terrace walls, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars; for repairing fence around grounds, one
thousand dollars; and for a furnace in the
laboratory, four hundred dollars; in all,
twenty-one thousand dollars.
Toward completing the museum under the
charge of Professor Townsend Glover, three
thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. That out of the unexpended balance
of the appropriation (section twenty-seven of
the act approved April twentieths eighteen hun-
dred and seventy one) for more effectually
securing life and property on the coasts of New
Jersey and Long Island, for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, the sum of two hundred thousand
dollars is hereby excepted from the operation
of the filth section of the act of July twelfth,
eighteen hundred and seventy.
Sec. 3 Thar, the sura of two hundred and
twenty five thousand seven hundred and fifty-
one dollars and eight cents is hereby appro-
priated to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to return to the clerk of the United States
district court for ihe southern district of Illi-
nois the one half of four hundred and fifty-
one thousand five hundred and two dollars and
sixteen cents paid to said Secretary by said
clerk as prize-money, in pursuance of a decree
of said court made on the eleventh day of
May, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, which
decree was afterward, to wit, on the ninth day
of June,eighteen hundred and sixty-five, held
to be erroneous and set aside by said court,
and said money ordered to be returned to said
court lor distribution to the lawful owners
thereof; and to this end that the said Secre-
tary cause to be transferred the said sum of
two hundred and twenty-five thousand seven
hundred and filty one dollars and eight cents
from the Na^y pension fund to the credit of
the Treasurer of the United States; the
moneys so directed to be returned having been
deposited to the credit of said fund on the
twenty-third of May, eighteen hundred and
sixty-tour, by warrant number one hundred
and sixty-nine.
Seo. 4. That, the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury Department be, and they are
hereby, authorized and directed, in adjusting
the account of William Kapus, collector of
customs for the district of Alaska, to make an
allowance for the compensation of Charles H.
Pierce tor services rendered in aid of the col-
lection of the revenue from customs at the
port of Oonalaska, in said distiict,, of such
sum as they may deem just and equitable for
the time actually employed, not to exceed the
rale of one thousand five hundred dollars per
annum.
Sec. 5. That to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to pay Standish and Ballard, attor-
neys, their account for defending the register
and the receiver at Ionia, Michigan, the bum
of one thousand dollars is hereby appropriated.
Sec. 6. That in ihe settlement ot judgments
by the Couit of Claims or the Supreme Court
ot the United States, hereafter to be rendered
lor captured or abandoned cotton, or in set
tlements tor cotton seized subsequent to June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed
to pay such judgments, or the amounts as
ascertained upon such settlements in full with-
out deduction ou account ol internal revenue
tax upon cotton.
Sec. 7. That the accounting officers of the
Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed, in adjusting the accounts of the
collector ol cusioms lor the port ot Chicago,
to allow him, as an ex officio depositary of
moneys belonging to the Utilted States, a credit
for such sum oi sums, in cuin oi currency, as
may satistactorily appear to have been held by
him, as such depositary, at the time of the fire
in said city on the ninth and tenth days of
October, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
and to have been lost or destroyed by fire.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXVT.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for tbe Repair, Preservation, and
Completion of certain Public Works on
Rivers and Harbors, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted, by ihe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
of money be, and are hereby, appropriated,
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War,
for the repair, preservation, and completion
of the following public works hereinafter
named:
For the improvement of Du Luth harbor,
Minnesota, filty thousand dollars: Provided,
That no part of said sum shall be expended
so as to injure the harbor of Superior City,
Wisconsin.
For the improvement of Superior City har-
bor, Wisconsin, fifty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Marquette harbor,
Michigan, fify thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Menomonee har-
bor, Michigan and Wisconsin, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Ahnapee harbor,
Wisconsin, twenty five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Two Rivers harbor,
Wisconsin, twer.ty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Sheboygan harbor,
Wisconsin, eighteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Port Washington
harbor, Wisconsin, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Kenosha harbor,
Wisconsin, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement Chicago harbor, Illi-
nois, ninety thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Calumet harbor,
Illinois, forty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Michigan City har-
bor, Indiana, fifty thousand dollars
For the improvement of New Buffalo har-
boi, Michigan, five thousand dollars.
For payment to the Gieen Bay and Missis-
sippi Canal Company, for so much of all and
singular its property and rights of property in
and to the line of water communication between
the Wisconsin river and the mouth of the Fox
river, including its locks, dams, canals, and
franchises, as were under the act of Congress
for the improvement ot water communication
between toe Mississippi river and Lake Michi
gan by the Wisconsin and Fox rivers, approved
July seventh, eighteen hundred and seventy,
reported by the Secretary of War to be needed,
m tiis communication to the House of Repre-
sentatives dated March eighth, eighteen bun-
dled and seventy two, one hundred and forty-
five thousand dollars.
For the. improvement of Frankfort harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Manistee harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Pere Marquette
harbor, Michigan, teu thousnid dollars.
For the impiovement of Pentwater harbor,
Michigan, thirty thousand dol.ars.
For the improvement of White River har-
bor, Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Muskegon harbor,
Michigan, tt-n thousand dollars.
For the improvement, ot Grand Haven har-
bor, Michigan, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvementof Biack Lake harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Saugatuck harbor,
Michigau, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of South Haven har-
bor, Michigan, twelve thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Saint Joseph har-
bor, Michigan, t.hree thousand dollars.
For the improvement of S.iint Mary's river
and Saint Mary's Falls canal. Michigan, three
hundred thousand do lars, of which sum fifteen
thousand dollars may be applied to secure the
right of way.
For the improvement of Cheboygan harbor,
Michigan, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Au Sable river,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Harbor of Refuge,
on Lake Huron, one hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For the improvement of the mouth of Black
river, in Saint Clair river, Michigan, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Saint Clair flats,
Michigan, four thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Toledo harbor,
Ohio, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Sandusky river,
Ohio, teu thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Sandusky City har-
bor, Ohio, thirteen thousand dollars.
For ihe improvement of Ashtabula harbor,
Ohio, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement, of Vermillion harbor,
Ohio, five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Erie harbor, Penn-
sylvania, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Dunkirk harbor,
New York, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Forthe improvementof Port Clinton harbor,
Ohio, eight, thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Rocky River har-
bor. Ohio, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvementof Maumee river above
Toledo, Ohio, seven thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Monroe harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Buffalo harbor,
New York, seventy five thousand dollars; and
the unexpended balance heretofore appro-
priated for building sea wall at Buffalo.
For the improvement of Olcott harbor, New
York, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Oak Orchard har-
bor, New York, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the improvement of Pultneyville har-
bor, New Yoik, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Little Sodus har-
bor, New York, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Big Sodus harbor,
New York, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Oswego harbor,
New York, one hundred thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Ogdensburgh har-
bor, New York, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement, of Piattsburgh harbor,
New York, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Burlington haibor,
Vermont, thirty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Otter creek, Ver-
mont, Irom Vergennes to its outlet on Lake
Chatuplain, ten thousand dollars.
For dredge and snag boats on the upper
Missis>ippi river, forty-two thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Minnesota river,
Minnesota, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Des Moines
rapids, Mississippi river, four hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For the improvement of the Rock Island
rapids, Mississippi river, fifty thousand dollars.
For the preservation of the Falls of Saint
Anthony, Minnesota, and the navigation of
the Mississippi river above the same, fifty
thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Mississippi,
Missouri, and Arkansas rivers, tiitietv thousand
dollars; for improvement of the little Mis-
souri river, ten thousand dollars; for improve-
ment of the Ouachita river, in Arkansas, six y
thousand dollars; and further improvement of
