866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
rilous statements in the same paper. Its ob-
ject is to impeach the verity of our record
of debates, and thus to take from us the only-
means of disproving the perverted and fictitious
statements sent over the country in many
newspapers of our doings here. To show how
much of truth this editorial assertion has, I
send to the Secretary a note from the very
accomplished reporter by whom the debate
and proceedings referred to were taken down.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Senate Globe Reporters' Room,
Friday, February 2,1872,
Three and a half o'clock, p. m.
Beau Sir : Owing to my having been engaged since
an early hour this morning in roporting testimony
before a committee of the Senate, I have had only
now placed in my hands your note of yesterday's
date. As I personally reported myself most of
the debate referred to in tho paragraph from the
Chicago Tribune inclosed in your note, and have
had the original notes of the whole debate examined,
I am enabled to respond at onee to your inquiries.
Tho debate alluded to in the newspaper artiolo
is evidently that of Friday last, January 26, on the
fonourrent resolution relative to final adjournment.
n that debate your only participation was the ask-
ing of two questions, which appear at the proper
place in the second and third columns respectively
of the sixth page of the Daily Globe of the 27th of
January, Everything said by you in that debate
was truly and accurately set down and published in
the Globe, without addition, alteration, or emenda-
tion by you. No request, suggestion, or communi-
cation touching the report, or any alteration of it,
came from you or on your behalf. There was no
alteration or suppression of anything you said ; nor
was tliore any failure to report, as to you, anything
that in iaotoccurrcd.
As to any cries of " Question," I oan only say that
the original notes fail to show any such ejaculations
on your part; and if they had been "loud" and
" persistent," us tho newspaper paragraph states, it
is hardly possible that thoy should have escaped
notico. The ejaculation, "Question," is one fre-
quently heard in the Senate Chamber when propo-
sitions are offered to be voted on and Senators arc
not on tho floor speaking. Whether you at any time
during tho debate alluded to mado such an ejacula-
tion in your seat, 1 cannot say ; but certainly there
was an endeavor honestly to report with accuracy
everything that was said and dono; and you did not
see tho manuscript or proot of the roport or make
any suggestion whatever in relation to it; nor did
any one in your behalf, directly or indirectly.
Thcro are insinuations as to the (Hobo reports, in
tho newspaper paragraph inclosed by you, which I
deem urijuit mid iiupropor; but this is not tho occa-
sion to notice them. I believe X have fully answered
your note, wlueh 1 horewith return.
Respectfully, your obedient, servant,
.1). V. MURPHY,
Chirf of ilrpdritnu Co/•;/■'/ of the (llobe
Jor the Senate i>J the United States.
Hon. Komi,-on OoNKUXU, United States Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senate will see that
this is a full answer to the paragraph, and to the
positive allegation that alter the adjournment
I took pains to have the rocrvrd of my disor-
derly conduct suppressed. Mr. President, I
have called attention to this, despite a habit
adopted long ago never to contradict news-
paper statements merely personal to me, and
1 call attention to it because the purpose is to
strike at the last reliance that we have here,
the record from which we may prove, if need
be, the exaggeration or untruthfulness of state-
ments which go out.
The Senate will see that there is temptation
here to comment upon the misrepresentations
to which the Senate and its members are sub-
jected; but I drop the subject, simply adding
my own testimony to the testimony of the
reporter, that this paragraph is in respect to
me without foundation.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President-——
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maine desire to make a statement?
•■^.HAMLIN. I do, for tho first time in
my life in this body, and I think, sir, it will be
the last, if I should remain here as many years
as^I have already been here.
The other day when we were discussing the
question of fixing the time of adjournment the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
offered a large number of amendments, upon
which we weie called to vote, and the sense
ot the Senate, 1 thought, was very correctly
in favor of the proposition before the Senate.
He offered a last amendment, coupled with
what I thought legislative buncombe. It was
that we should not adjourn until we had acted
upon a certain bill, so that there could go down
to posterity, side by side, universal suffrage
and universal amnesty. I thought the motion
itself appropriate, but I thought so much of it
aS was ad captandum did not belong to a
motion in the Senate, and I made the sugges-
tion I did make for the purpose of rebuking
such kind of motions; and I think I had
the sense of the Senate that I did rebuke it,
and I believe the impression of the Senate is
that it did stop debate.
On the next legislative morning, in my ab-
sence from my seat, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts took the occasion to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that there was
suppressed from the Daily Globe the sugges-
tion which I had made. I did not see the
occasion for that statement then ; I confess I
do not see it now. On the adjournment of the
Senate on the preceding legislative day, sev-
eral Senators came to me and said, " Mr.
Hamlin, it was rather severe; had not that
better bo left out in the publication of the
debates?" The accomplished reporter who
now sits before me will bear me witness that
I said to liim that at the suggestion of sev-
eral Senators I submitted to his consideration
whether it could be properly omitted, and if
so that it might be. That is all I said. He
told tne subsequently that upon that sugges-
tion he drew his pen across it. In an inter-
view, the next day I think, he told me that
when proofs had been sent to the Senator
from Massachusetts for his inspection he
found fault that it was omitted, and I imme-
diately stated to the reporter that I had no
desire to suppress it, and I asked that it be
restored to the Globe. Every word of this
the reporter will affirm. He subsequently
informed me that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts had been notified that it would be
restored, and that I desired it.
Mi'. SuMNER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts desire to make a
statement ?
Mr. SUMNER. Well, the Senator refers
to a resolution that 1 introduced as "legisla-
tive buncombe." _ Sir, I think that is on a par
with the explanation which he now communi-
cates, that after I, in the exercise of my duties
as a Senator, had sought to call the attention
of the Senate to an important measure for the
vindication of equal rights, he should rise
here and ask to sing Old Hundred. Sir, he
renevvs his levity when he calls that measure
"legislative buncombe."
Mr.HAMLIN. The motion, not the measure.
Mr. SUMNER. The motion legislative
buncombe! 1 was seeking, sir, to bring to
the attention of the Senate the importance
of securing equal rights to our colored fellow-
citizens before it resolved to go home. "Legis-
lative buncombe I" I was seeking to establish
reconstruction on a permanent basis. "Legis-
lative buncombe!" I was seeking to crown
this great work of emancipation and enfran-
chisement by a just measure applicable to all.
"Legislative buncombe!" "Let us sing the
tune of 'Old Hundred.'" I think the state-
ment of the Senator makes his case worse.
Sir, I have no desire to dwell upon this, I
alluded to it with reluctance; and I rise now
only because I am unwilling that a sincere
effort in the cause of human rights shall be
denounced as " legislative buncombe."
The Senator then proceeds \vith what he
calls a statement of facts. He says that the
proofs were submitted to myself. 1 never saw
the proofs. They were never submitted to me.
I knew nothing of the proposition to suppress;
I did not imagine that anybody could make
it, until on reading the Globe the next morn-
ing I found that the speech of the Senator
was suppressed. I should have said nothing
about it, he is perfectly welcome, any Sena-
tor is perfectly welcome, to suppress a speech
that he makes if he thinks better of it after-
ward, thinks he ought not to have made it,
provided it does not render what follows unin-
telligible. In point of fact, I mada observa-
tions in direct reply to the speech of the Sen-
ator; and what I said became unintelligible
through the act of suppression. Therefore I
felt it my duty to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to it; but I did not until I had a letter from
the publishers of the Globe stating the precise
facts, which I read to the Senate. I added
nothing of my own. I contributed nothing
of fact, of suggestion, or of criticism. I sim-
ply read the letter of the publishers of the
Globe; that was all.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is, I think, very much
the practice of the Senator from Massachu-
setts in debates in this body to place Senators
in positions which they do not occupy. He
has sought to do so by myself upon the pres-
ent occasion, and I only rise for the purpose
of correcting myself and setting that Senator
right. I said not one word against the meas-
ure which he proposed to ask action on in this
body, but it was the character and the nature
of the motion to which I alluded, not the meas-
ure. The Senator knows that I had already
voted for that measure, as I propose to do
again ; but I did not care to see it then, and I
do not care to see it now, dragged into this
body and this body wearied in its patience by
what I again declare to be legislative bun-
combe.
Again, I may have been mistaken as to the
mode in which the Senator got his information
in relation to what appeared in the Daily Globe ;
but when I was informed by the reporter that
he found fault, I immediately directed the pub-
lishers of that paper to communicate to him,
and they told me they did communicate to
him, that it was my wish that the matter
omitted should be printed in the regular edi-
tion of the Globe.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say that I never
received any such communication.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of R.
H. Hutchinson and others, citizens of the
United States, praying an amendment to the
Constitution providing that no candidate shall
hereafter be eligible to any Federal office who
is addicted to the use of intoxicating liquors
as a beverage ; and that drunkenness in any
incumbent of such office shall be deemed'at
any time sufficient cause for immediate im-
peachment and deposition ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of R. II.
Hutchinson and others, citizens of the United
States, praying that Congress, by appropriate
legislation, will hereafter prohibit, within the
jurisdiction of the Government of the United
States, the manufacture, importation, and sale
of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a bev-
erage ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
tho Grand Army of the Republic, department
of Minnesota, adopted at its annual meeting,
for the modification of the homestead law so
that the time of service shall be deducted from
the time required by law for taking land under
the homestead act, and also in favor of a liberal
increasein the payment of pensions to pension-
ers of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER, presented a petition of
masters and owners of vessels trading to Es-
catuaba and other ports on Green bay, pray-
ing the establishment of a light on Poverty
island at the entrance to Green bay ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also pi esented a petition of masters and
owners of vessels trading to the port of Esca-
tuaba in Michigan, praying that a red light be
substitufed for the white light on Sand Point;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a petition of masters and
