4450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
had examined and found truly enrolled bills I
of the following titles; when tbe Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 1310) for the relief of
George W. Sturtevant;
A bill (H. R. No. 1424) to reimburse John
E. Woodward for certain moneys paid by him-;
A bill (H. ,R. No. 1457) for the relief, of
Martin P. Hardin, of Pontotoc county, Mis-
sissippi; ■ ;
A bill (H. R. No.. 1634) for the relief of
Benjamin', W. Reynolds;
A bill (H. R. No. 1842) to grant the right
of way through the public lands to the Eastern
l^e.vada Railroad Company; _
: A bill (ED. li. Not 2000) for the relief of
J. S. Underbill;
A bill (H. R. No. 2697) relative to retired
officers, 6fthe Army ;
A* bill (H. R. No. 2949) for the relief of
William B. Muse ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2622) for the reli.ef of
James De Long, late United States consul at
Aux Cayes, Hayti.
PUBLIC BUILDING3, PORT HURON, MICHIGAN.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
that-the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R." No. 29,42) for the construction of a
custotarhouse, bonded warehouse, and post
office at Port Huron, Michigan, be concur-
red in.
No objection being made, the amendment
of the Senate was read and concurred in, as
follows:
On page l,line eight, after the word " completed,"
insert upon plans to be previously made and
approved by the Secretary of tbe Treasury."
FOLDING AND SKALINd-ltOOM Off THE HOOSK.
Mr: ARCHER. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the following resolution adopted :
Resolved, That the resolution of this House, of
tbia date, to retain in service the person in charge
of the Hall folding and seating-room be, and the
same is hereby, amended by adding the name of
Arthur B. Claxton thereto.
tin. WALLACE. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to move to amend his resolution by
adding thereto the names of Samuel Lee, of
South Carolina, and James S. Saunders.
Mr^ ARCHER. I must decliue to have that
amendment submitted.
The question was taken upon Mr. Archer's
motion; and (two thirds voting in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended and the resolution
was agreed to,
HOMESTEADS FOR SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
Mr. COBURN. 1 move to suspend the rules
so as to put upon its passage a bill extending
the provisions of the twenty-fifth section of
the act entitled "An act making appropria-
tions.for, the support of the Army," &c., ap-
proved July 15, 1870, relating to deceased
officers and soldiers, and for other purposes.
The bill was read,,and is as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houie of Ueprexenta*
twee of (he United States of America mOongrese et^em-
bled, That any private soldier,'sailor, or officer
entitled to enter one quarter section of land under
the provisions of the twenty-fifth section of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army," &e., approved July 15,1870,
may, and, he is hereby authorized to, assign his right
to enter said quarter section of land to his son or
daughter, they being twenty-one years of age, said
assignment to be in writing, signed, sealed, and
certified to by the judge of any court of record hav-
ing jurisdiction in the county where the said assignor
shall reside.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the widow
of any. private soldier, sailor, or officer who died
while in the service of the United States during the
late war,' and in thelineofhis duty, orsubsequently,
shall have all the rights and privileges whioh the
said act, approved July 15,1870, and this act would
confer upon her husband if living.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the children
living of any private soldier, sailor, or officer who
died while in the service of the United States during
the late war, and in the line of his duty, or subse-
quently, shall have the sanre rights and privileges
conferred upon the widow of any private-soldier,
sailor, or officer in the second section of this act.
Sec 4. And be it further enacted, That thefather or
widowed mother of any private soldier, sailor, or
officer who died while in the service of the United
States during the late war, and in the line of his
duty, or subsequently, leaving no wife or children
living, shall have the same rights and privileges
conferred upon the widow of any private soldier,
sailor, or officer in the second section of this act,
except the said father or widowed mother shall
not assign the said rights and privileges to any one,
except it be to a brother or sister of lawful age of
said deceased officer, or soldier, or sailor, and in
form and manner prescribed in tbe first seetion of
this act. .
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Com-,
missioner of the General Land Office is hereby
authorized to prescribe the necessary rales and
regulations to carry this act in to effect and determine
all the facts necessary therefor.
Mr. COBURN. I have agreed to yield a
few mofnents to gentlemen who wish to make
requests for unanimous consent.
HERMAN RASTER.
Mr. PAR WELL. 1 ask unanimous consent,
that the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. ft. No. 1936) for the relief of Herman
Raster, collector of internal revenue for the
first district of Illinois', may be concurred in.
No objection was made; and tbe amendments
of the Senate were, read and concurred in, as
follows:
In line fifteen of the bill, after the word "amount,"
insert "not exceeding the sum of $83,691 93, or so
much thereol as shall be satisfactorily known to
have been lost or destroyed, as affirmed."
In line fifteen strike out all after the word
"amount" to and including "right" in line six-
teen.
In line eighteen strike out the words " by affidavit
or otherwise."
In line twenty-three of the bill insert after the
words " may award" the words " on proof satisfac-
tory to hiiu."
In line twenty-four strike out all after tho word
" year " in said line down to and including the word
" and " in line twenty-five.
In line twenty-eight strike out all after the word
"aforesaid" to the end of the bill.
LANDS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. DUNN ELL. I ask the House to take
from the Speaker's table and concur in tbe
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 2977) for tbe restoration to market of
certain lands in Michigan.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out the following;
Provided, That nothing herein shall affect the
rights of the State of Miobigan in lands heretofore
granted said State.
And insert the following:
Provided, That none ,of tbe lands herein men-
tioned shall bo subject to or taken under any grant
oflandsfor public works or improvements or by any
railroad company.
The amendment was concurred in.
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
Mr. PETERS. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the amendment
of the Senate to House bill No. 1017, to pre-
vent and punish tbe obstruction of the admin-
istration of justice in the courts of the United
States, have directed me to report back the
amendment with an amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
tho following:
That if any person or persons shall corruptly, or
by throats or force, or by_ threatening letters, or any
threatening communications, endeavor to influence,
intimidate, or impede any grand or petit jury, or
juror of any court of the United States in tbe dis-
charge of bis or their duty, or shall corruptly, or by
threats or force, or by threatening letters, or any
threatening communications, influence, obstruct, or
impede, or endeavor to influence, obstruct, or
impede tho due administration ot justice therein,
such person or persons so offending shall be liable
to prosecution thorefor by indictment, and shall,
on conviction thereof, bo punistted by fine not ex-
ceeding $3,000. or by imprisonment not exceeding
three years, or by both, according to the aggravation
of the offense. And if any person or persons shall
attempt to influence the action or decision of any
grand or petit juror upon any issue or matter pend-
ing before such juror, or before the jury of which he
is a member, or pertaining to his or their duties, by
writing or sending to him any letter or letters, or
any communication in print or writing in relation
to sueh issue or matter, without the order previously
obtained of the court before which the said juror is
summoned, such person or persons so offending shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
liable to prosecution thorefor by indictment, or in-
formation, and shall, on conviction thereof, be pun-
ished by fine not exceeding $1,(100, or by imprison-
ment not exceeding six months, or by both such
fine and imprisonment, according to the aggravation
of the offense.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on t.he Judiciary was to strike out "$3,000"
and insert "$1,000;" and strike out "three
years" and insert " one yearso as to make
the first clause of the Senate amendment pro-
vide for punishment " by fine not exceeding
$1,000, or by imprisonment not exceedingone
year, or by both, according to the aggravation
of the offense."
The amendment reported by the committee
was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
homesteads e0k soldiers and sailors.
Mr. COBURN. I now ask a vote on my
proposition. 1 will state that this bill confines
the right to the homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres to the soldier or sailor or the mem-
bers of his family. He is allowed to assign
it to his son or daughter, and the benefits of
the homestead may accrue, in case of his death,
to his widow, his eldest child, his brother, or
sister. It is also provided that if there be
neither children nor brother nor sister, the
land shall go to the father or mother of the
soldier or sailor.
Mr. RANDALL. Doesthebill give the oldest
children an advantage over younger children ?
Mr. COBURN. Oh no.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman to
say whether this bill gives the land i,n equal
quantities to the surviving children of the sol-
dier or sailor ?
Mr. COBURN. It is to be apportioned
among all tbe children. I have amended
the proposition by inserting "children" in-
stead of " eldest child."
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it would meet the
approval of the country if in a law of this kind
the benefits of the homestead should be en-
joyed without cultivation by any widow, minor
children, or disabled soldier.
Mr. COBURN. What is the gentleman's
proposition ?
Mr. HOLMAN. My proposition is to amend
by adding to the bill the following :
Provided further. That settlementon or cultivation
of the land entered shall not be required of any
widow, minor children, or permanently disabled
soldier entitled to the benefits of said act, to cntitlo
such widow, minorchildren, orpermanently disabled
soldier to a patent for such lana.
Mr. COBURN. I will allow a vote to be
taken on that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of
Mr. Coburn, the bill (H. R. No. 2983) as
amended was passed, (two thirds voting in
favor thereof.)
clerk to c0m51ittee.
Mr. STORM. I offer the following pream-
ble and resolution:
Whereas the clerk of the Committee on Education
and Labor has been instructed to complete the cor-
respondence existing between the trades unions,
superintendents of schools, educational institutions,
teachers' institute and the said committee: There-
fore,
Be it resolved, That the said committee be author-
ized to employ a clerk at the present compensation
until ordered otherwise by the House.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to amend that
resolution by adding the following in favor of
the clerks of two of the committees.
Mr. RANDALL. Why not include all of
the committees?
Mr. L. MYERS. There is a reason for this:
That the clerk of the Committee on Patents and
the clerk of the Committee on Private Land Claims,
be continued during the recess of Congress at the
present rate of compensation.
Mr. DAWES. Why not put in the clerks
of all of the committees ? Tt would be better
than passing in favor of some and leaving out
others.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The resolution was rejected.
