1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2659
application should be founded upon some proof
sufficient I o raise a presumption of mistake, irregu-
larity, or fraud in the original count, and ought not
to be granted upon the mere suggestion of a possible
error. The contestant failed to furnish such proof."
And his application was rejected, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. DawesJ dissent-
ing. The legality and remedial efficacy of a
recount were expressly recognized.
Chrisman vs. Anderson (2 Digest, 329) came
up from the fourth congressional district of
Kentucky in 1860. The election occurred
August 1, 1859. The respective boards of
canvassers for the counties of Boyle, Adair,
and Cumberland made their returns on the
third day after the election, as prescribed by
law. . It occurred to them afterward that they
had made mistakes in their returns, and with-
in two weeks' time they met, made recounts,
verified the mistakes, and transmitted amended
returns to the State board, by whom they were
rejected on the ground that upon the delivery
of the first return the county boards had
acted, and were functus officio. The commit-
tee said:
"Your committee, however, do not suppose that
the action of the State board is final and conclusive
uponthehouse. In every caseof a contested election
wo believe it to be the duty of the House, by its
constituted agents, to go behind all certificates for
the purpose of inquiring into and correcting all
mistakes which may be brought to its notice."
And the committee and the House sustained
the recount.
Butler®.?. Lehman, Klinevs. Verree, Sleeper
us. Rice, Archer vs. Allen, Kline vs._ Myers,
and Chrisman vs. Anderson, those six cases
are the leading precedents in the House
reported cases upon the question of miscount,
and it is submitted they amply sanction the
case as made by contestant.
CENTRE TOWNSHIP.
12. In Centre township precinct, in the
county of Hancock, there were actually cast of
legal votes for contestant 425 ; for contestee,
273. Actual legal majority for contestant 152,
whereas by mistake the majority returned for
him was only 149. Mistake against contestant
3. At same place legal votes for contestant
illegally rejected 2.
As to the first branch of this specification,
it was not proved. As to the other question,
votes illegally accepted or rejected will be
considered hereafter.
13. In Anderson township precinct, in the
county of Shelby, the legal vote of John
Flynn was illegally rejected. Mistake against
contestant 1. Not proved. _
14. The so-called precinct of "Indiana
Soldiers' and Seamen's Home," in Centre
township, county of Rush—
First. It was not a lawful poll.
Second. The election held there was not a
lawful election.
Third. The election was held there by per-
sons unauthorized by law.
Fourth. The election there held was not
conducted according to law.
Fifth. The votes of forty non residents of
said so-called precinct were illegally received,
returned, and counted for contestee. Mistake
against contestee 40. Not proved.
15. In the county of Wayne there were ille-
gally received and returned 15 illegal votes
for contestee in each of the sixteen precincts
therein, and 10 legal votes for contestant in
each not returned; and by mistake 10 more
votes for contestee than were cast for him in
each were returned for him. Not proved.
16. In the county of Shelby there were ille-
gally received and returned 15 illegal votes for
contestee in each of the seventeen precincts
therein. Not proved.
17. By mistake 10 illegal votes for contest-
ant in each of the seventeen precincts in
Shelby were not returned ; and by mistake 10
more votes for contestee than were cast for
him in each were returned for him. Not
proved. _
18. In the county of Franklin there were
illegally received and returned 15 illegal votes
for contestee in each of the twenty precincts
therein, and by mistake 10 legal votes in each
for contestant not returned; and by mistake
10 more votes for contestee in each than were
cast for him were returned for him. Not
proved.
19. In the county of Rush there were ille-
gally received and returned for contestee in
each of the fourteen precincts 15 illegal votes,
and by mistake 10 legal votes for contestant
in each were not returned ; and by mistake 10
more votes in each for contestee than were
cast for him were returned for him. Not
proved.
20. In the county of Hancock there were
illegally received and returned 15 illegal votes
for contestee in each of the twelve precincts
therein, and by mistake 10 legal votes for
contestant in each were not returned for him ;
and by mistake 10 more votes for contestee
than had been cast for him in each were re-
turned for him. Not proved.
21. In the county of Union there were ille-
gally received and returned 15 illegal votes for
contcstec in each precinct therein, and by
mistake 10 legal votes for contestant in each
were not returned : and by mistake 10 more
votes for contestee in each than were cast for
him were returned for him. Not proved.
22. In the county of Fayette there were ille-
gally received and returned 15 illegal votes for
contestee in each of the precincts therein,
and by mistake 10 legal votes for contestantin
each were not returned for him ; and by mis-
take 10 more votes for contestee in each than
were cast for him were returned for him. Not
proved.
23. In Orange township precinct, in the
county of Rush, drunken and boisterous per-
sons were permitted to be and remain in the
room with the officers pending the progress
and completion of the election and count, so
as to create confusion and error in the vote,
count, and return, whereby 20 votes cast for
him were not returned for him and by fraud,
bribery, and corruption were illegally pro-
cured and cast and by mistake illegally
received and returned for contestee, 10 votes.
Not proved.
24. At the Rushville township precinct, in
the county of Rush, by fraud, bribery, and
corruption, were illegally procured and cast,
and by mistake illegally received and returned
for contestee, 30 votes. Not proved.
25. At the Connersville township precinct,
in the county of Fayette, by fraud, bribery,
and corruption, were illegally procured and
cast, and by mistake illegally received and
returned for contestee, 20 votes. Not proved.
26. At Centre township precinct, in the
county of Hancock, by fraud, bribery, and
corruption, were illegally procured and cast,
and by mistake illegally received and returned
for contestee, 20 votes. Not proved.
'27. The entire returns from the following-
named counties and precincts of counties are
illegal, and should be rejected because :
First. The judges and clerks of the election
boards were not composed of men of the two
different political parties.
Second. Were not composed of freeholders
and qualified voters in the preciucts where
they acted, wherefore should be rejected the
entire returns from the following-named coun-
ties, to wit, the counties of Wayne, Union,
and Fayette, and of the township of Metamora,
in Franklin, the township of Orange, in Rush,
and the township of Anderson, in Rush. Not
proved.
ANSWER AND GROUNDS OP CONTESTEE.
Specifications.
1. A general denial.
Ineligibility of Judges of Election.
2. In Washington township precinct, in the
county of Rush, the election board was ille
gaily constituted in this: acting judges Ste-
phen H. Saul and Thomas B. Vandyke were
not freeholders ; wherefore, the entire vote of
that precinct should have been rejected. "V ote
for contestant, 217 ; for contestee, 52; majority
for contestant, 165. Proved as to T. B. Van-
dyke.
3. Same defect in Harrison township pre-
cinct, county of Wayne, as to acting judge
John Coffman. Vote for contestant, 81; for
contestee, 58; majority for contestant, 3.
Proved.
4. Same defect as to Cambridge City pre-
cinct, in Jackson township, county of Wayne,
as to acting judges George W. Schultz, sen.,
and William H. Gwynn. Vote for contestant,
381; for contestee, 303; majority for contest-
ant, 18. Proved as to Schultz and Gwynn.
5. Same defect in Washington township pre-
cint, county of Wayne, as to acting judge Wil-
liam A. Rothermel. Vote for contestant, 227 ;
for contestee-, 186; majority for contestant,
41. Proved.
6. Same defect in south precinct, in Wayne
township, county of Wayne, as to acting judge
D. P. Wooten. Vote for contestant, 516 ; for
contestee, 516. Proved.
7. Same defect in Second precinct, in Jack-
son township, county of Hancock, as to acting
judge E. W. Smith. Vote for contestant, 113;
for contestee, 103 ; majority for contestee, 10.
Proved.
8. Same defect in Vernon township, county
of Hancock, as to acting judges Volney Davis
and William Shaffer. Vote for contestant, 153;
for contestee, 120; majority for contestant, 33.
Not proved.
9. Same defect in Bath township precinct,
county of Franklin, as to acting judge John
W. Taylor. Vote for contestant, 81; for con-
testee,"78; majority for contestant, 6. Proved.
10. Same defect in Center school-house
precinct, in Springfield township, county of
Franklin, as to acting judge Thomas A. Gas-
ton. Vote for contestant, 80 ; for contestee,
60 ; majority for contestant, 26. Proved._
11. Same defect in Mount Carmel precinct,
Springfield township, county of Franklin, as
to acting judge Thomas A. McCoy. Vote for
contestant, 93; for contestee, 73 ; majority for
contestant, 20. Proved.
12. Same defect in first precinct, in White
Water township, county of Franklin, as to
acting judge Ezra Porteous. Vote for contest-
ant, 98 ; for contestee, 69; majority for con-
testant, 29. Not proved. With this further
defect, the poll-book was not signed by the
inspector. This will be disposed of under
specification No. 22.
13. Same defect in second precinct, same
township and county, as to acting judge H. J.
Northcut. Vote for contestant, 69; for con-
testee, 48; majority for contestant, 21. Proved.
14. Same'defect in Peppertown precinct,
Salt creek township, county of Franklin, as to
both judges. Vote for contestant, 56; for
contestee, 25; majority for contestant, 31.
Not proved.
15. Same defect in Johnson's school-house
precinct, same township and county, as to
acting judges. Vote for contestant, 59; for
contestee, 58; majority for contestant, 1. Not
proved.
16. Same defect in second precinct, town-
ship of Metamora, same counts', as to acting
judges. Vote for contestant, 27; for con-
testee, none; majority for contestant, 27. Not
proved.
17. Same defect in Butler township pre-
cinct, same couuty, as to acting judges. Vote
for contestant, 169; for contestee, 39; major-
ity for contestant, 130. Not proved.
18. Same defect in Oldenburg precinct, Ray
township, same county, as to acting judges.
Vote for contestant, 254; for contestee, 13;
majority for contestant, 241. Not proved.
19. Same defect in Enochsburg precinct,,
same township and county, as to acting judges.
Vote for contestant, 66; for contestee, 12;
majority for contestant, 54. Not proved.
20. Same defect in first precinct, township
of Highland, same county, as to acting judges.
