1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3555
rates with which the Government has been
furnished with this accommodation by the
Western Union Telegraph Company, I under-
stand, have been abrogated, changed, and re-
fused ; and thus that system which should
be continued for the great and good results
which necessarily would flow from it might
be much retarded, if not defeated. The Gov-
ernment can in no other way than through the
telegraph receive such information as will
enable it to carry out the system in which it is
engaged.
. I do not wish to make any statement which
is not perfectly accurate; but I am told that
the arrangement existing between the Govern-
ernment and the Western Union Telegraph
Company, for which I believe about two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars have been paid
annually, has been broken up by the company,
thus leaving the Government unable to perfect
that grand system from which 1 think the whole
•world may reasonably hope to reap great and
rich rewards.
. These are the general considerations, Mr.
President, very briefly stated, which induced
me as a member of the committee to give my
sanction to the bill, as I shall give to it my
irote in the Senate; and I do not think we
need apprehend any of the alarm which my
friend from Nevada is now exercised over. I
think in his cooler and calm moments he will
get over that bravely, and that on a more
thorough and a more careful examination he
will find that there is really no occasion for
any alarm.
I believe that this is to be a system full of
beneficial results to the country, to almost
every man, woman, and child in it; and the
time" will come, I think, when the Senator
from Nevada will be proud to remember that
he was associated with that body which inaug-
urated the scheme into a law, and he will
rejoice, I believe, much more if he shall find
his name recorded as one ot its friends, and
' not as one of its opponents.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I am perfectly
cool, I can inform the Senator from Maine;
I am under no excitement; and indeed the
announcement he makes that he has helped
to give birth to this thing is calculated to pre-
vent all excitement. It has been a prolonged
case; it has been talked ot since before he
and I came here the last time; it is an old
measure, but I think it is quite inartificially
put up. He is loading the Post Office De-
partment and conferring powers upon its head
which no other officer on the face of the earth
ever had before.
. Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask my
friend if the Post Office Department objects?
Mr. NYE. I suppose not. I understand
they have been in consultation about it.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the argument
of my friend to be that this was a loading of
of the Post Office Department. *
Mr. NYE. I say so, and it will make it so
cumbrous that nothing can be done there.
Mr. SUMNER. That the Post Office De-
partment cannot administer it?
Mr. NYE. No, sir. Now, if the honorable
Senator will keep quiet a moment I shall be
through presently. 1 understand that he has
had a hand in this, and is here claiming the
paternity of it. I say that this bill, and I have
read it carefully, imposes duties on the Post
Office Department that 110 Department of this
Government can possibly carry on. What is
the use of creating this company, to begin
with? Here are telegraphs everywhere that
our Post Office goes. Why not authorize the
Department to contract with the present com-
panies? This bill authorizes them to con-
tract with this new company which it makes,
and to contract with them forever. Not only
does it do that, but it raises a question on
which I should like to have the opinion of
my friend, the Senator from Maine. Has he
not stood here to deny the power of Con-
gress to pass a law that should perform its
functions in any other country than our own?
This bill upon its face, and in terms, author-
izes them to connect with telegraphs of other
countries, and to make such arrangements as
they may see fit under tjre direction of the
Postmaster General.
It is a very easy thing to pass this bill. If
I had the lungs of my friend from Maryland,
[Mr. Hamilton,] and could talk as loud and
as much as he did last night I would talk
it out; but I tell you there is a mouse under
this meal just as sure as you live, and there is
a cat there, too, and a big one.
You will lind, Mr. President, that this bill
will be so cumbrous that it never can be
worked, and it will bring a set of inen into
power, and to hold that power forever, which
it is -dangerous to give to any set of men. My
friend from Vermont would not let a railroad
come in here unless he bound them to pay
more than twice the price of the ground, on
the theory that you must bind corporations in
chains that cannot be broken. Here is the
largest incorporation ever made in the United
States, and made without any scrutiny, 1 think,
except of the committee. I say it is the
largest, most influential, most potent, and most
dangerous corporation I have ever seen at-
tempted to be created here.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think I can relieve one
difficulty of the honorable Senator from Ne-
vada. He apprehends that this is a peipetual
corporation.
Mr. NYE. The bill says so.
Mr. RAMSEY. It may be outside of any
connection with the Post Office Department,,
but I call the Senator's attention to section
seven:
That the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
to contract with the Postal Telegraph Company tor
the transmission ofcorrespondenco by tolegraph, as
his agent for that purpose, for a term of ton years
according to the provisions of this act.
That is the extent of it; but of course it
may be renewed subsequently.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Nevada is generally rather a cour-
ageous man, but he seems very easily fright-
ened to-night, and frightened at what on a
closer examination will be found not to be by
any means an object of terror. The terror ot
great corporations seems to have come over
his usually undaunted soul with extraordinary
power to-night. .
Mr. NYE. I am not to be told that.^ I said
that was the general sentiment ot the Senate,
in which my friend from South Carolina shares
largely. I have no fear of them, especially
when you get one so large as this that it will
break itself down.
Mr. SAWYER. I cannot see the great
power of the corporation which is provided for
iii this bill. It is simply a telegraphic com-
pany having the power to do precisely the kind
of work which is done by several companies
already in existence in the States, and created
for the purpose not ot" increasing the burdens
ofthe people, butof greatly diminishing them.
The Senator says we have telegraphs running
everywhere now. That is true; and at^ the
same time we have everywhere the imposition
of great prices upon the transmission of tele-
graphic intelligence. If this bill should pass,
it will be within the power of the people ot the
United States to get their telegraphic business
done at a decrease of over fifty per cent, from
present rates.
That the power of this corporation would
be dangerous is disproved by the fact that the
profit which they are allowed to make upon
their capital, which must be exactly the extent
of tiieir property, is limited to ten per cent.,
and that whenever it is found that their profits
exceed ten per cent, the Postmaster General is
authorized to make such reductions m the rates
which the Government pays and which the
public pay for the transmission of messages
as will reduce their profits to that figure.
The experience of other Governments m the
union of the postal system with the telegraph
system has been eminently successful, not
only successful in decreasing the cost of tele-
graphing to the public, but successful in in-
creasing the amount of business ; and let me
say to my honorable friend from Nevada that
there is no new principle in this bill. It is
simply a new application of a principle now
operating in our postal system.
There is no abstract reason why the Gover'
ment should undertake to convey messages by
letter through the mails, that does not equally
apply to the conveyance of messages by the
quicker and improved method of the telegraph.
The conduct by the Government ofthe busi-
ness of conveying letters and newspapers to
and fro through the country is entirely a mat-
ter of convenience. It is not at all a neces-
sary function of a Government that it should
convey mails.
It is a convenience to the public, and is so
used. It is for that reason that it is used, and
it is approved by the public because experi-
ence has proved its great convenience and its
civilizing tendency. There is just as much
reason for the Government to undertake this
business of conveying intelligence over the
telegraphic wires as over railroad lines and
by stage-coaches. The principle is the same.
European Governments have recognized the
similarity ofthe principle, and have applied it,
and applied it, not at enormous expense to the
Government, but, on the contrary, with profit
to the Government. Indeed, it is one of the
most profitable parts of the postal system of
Great Britain to-day.
Mr. NYE. As ray friend from South Car-
olina seeins to be entirely familiar with this
matter, will he auswer me a question ? Where
do you find the authority for enabling thel'ost-
master General to raise the rates in particular
States? The ninth section provides that if
any tax or assessment shall be levied on the
receipts or franchises of this company, or any
license be required in any State or Territory,
" the Postmaster General may add one or more
cents to the rate on each telegram between
offices in such Slate or Territory."
Mr. SAWYER. Let me tell the Senator
that the power is the power to coniract for the
postal business; and if the contractor finds
that by reason of local taxation it costs liim
more to do business in the State of Maryland
or the State of New Jersey than it does in the
State of New York, the Postmaster General
has the power, if this bill becomes a law, to
increase the price paid for the transmission of
the message.
Mr. NYE. Then he has power to increase
the price upon the postage of letters.
Mr. SAWYER. If the United States choose
to make a law that when the mail contractor
is taxed for carrying on his business in the
State of New York, there shall be an increase
in the postage to compensate for the increased
expense incurred on account of such tax,
undoubtedly the right to enact such law is
complete.
Mr. NYE. I understand the object of this
bill is to put the Government, in regard to the
mass of the commanding business of the tele-
graph, in the same position that it.now occu-
pies toward the mail, and the pretense is that
it can be done cheaper. Now, in order to
protect this company, you confer on the Post-
master General the power ofsaying in advance,
before they stick a pole or stretch a wire, "If
you tax this company in any State, we will tax
you in return by an increase of the telegraph
rate by one or more cents." Now, the point
I want to ask is, where does Congress get this
power? .
Mr. SAWYER. In the same way, then, we
get the power to give a larger price for a con-
tract where it is executed under diuiculties
than where it is executed not under difficul-
ties. Does not the honorable Senator know
that we gave a larger price to carry the mail
across the continent by a pony express tbari
we gave to carry it across the State 01 New
