868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
No. 568) to authorize the transfer of Alonzo
E. Miltimore, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN, from the Committee on
Claims, to -whom was referred, the petition of
Mary A. Ripley, praying compensation for
money expended and services rendered as a
nurse during the late war, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the petition of
John Thompson Mason, praying the passage
of a law relieving him from liability incurred
as collector of the port of Baltimore, through
a defalcation of his clerk, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed. He also asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of the Uni-
ted States Express Company, praying that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to
issue to that company bonds and compound-
interest notes in lieu of bonds and notes
destroyed by fire on the 30th of January, 1866,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 603) for the relief of the United States
Express Company.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
171) for the relief of Paymaster George P.
Cutler, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 417) fixing the
rankof professors of mathematics in the United
States Navy, reported it without amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, from the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition and papers of Clara Morris, pray-
ing compensation for property destroyed dur-
ing the war, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
petition of S. R. Wells, praying Congress to
pass an act incorporating the National Bureau
and Homestead Money Exchange, Savings
Bank, Loan and Trust Company, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration;
which .was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 898) for the relief of Jacob Weart, col-
lector of internal revenue, fifth district of
New Jersey, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite ppstponement; which was
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing petitions and memorial, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to:
The petition of W. C. Cameron and others,
praying the passage of an act of incorporation
of the Soldiers' National Homestead Company;
The petition of members of the Universal
Peace Union, praying tho repeal of the war
clauses of the Constitution ;
The petition of Abram F. Hines and Jesse
Mann, praying the passage of a law to pre-
vent the -abduction of minors in the District
of Columbia;
The petition of General De Wemyss Jobson,
praying redress for acts of violence at the
hands of one Sharpe, a United States marshal
in New York;
The petition of the executive committee of
the Settlers' Protective Association of Kansas ;
in behalf of settlers on Osage ceded lands;
The petition of citizens of Georgia, praying
the passage of the supplemental civil rights
bill, and for the jiassage of such laws as snail
break up, the ICu Khjx organizations;
The petition of th*  Common Council of the
city of Pensacola, Florida, asking legislation
to protect stevedores who are citizens of the
United States as against those brought from
foreign countries to load vessels in the harbor
of Pensacola;
The petition of Sherman W. Adams, of Hart-
ford, Connecticut, praying for such legislation
as may establish general rules in relation to
road-beds, tracks, gauges, bridges, depots, rail-
way maps and guides, the qualifications of in-
spectors and officers of railroads, the rates of
carriage of passengers and freights, &c., and
The memorial of Benjamin S. Brooks, Egbert
Judson, and John Centre, praying the restora-
tion to them of the Island of Yerba Buena in
the bay of San Francisco.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
Committee on Appropriations, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 1071) making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensionsoftheUnitedStates fortheyear
ending June 30, 1873, to report it back with
au amendment; and as it is a short bill and
can be explained in two or three minutes, 1
ask unanimous consent to put it on its passage
now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committeeof the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations was to add to the bill the following
proviso:
Provided, That the appropriations aforesaid for
Navy pensions and tho other expenditures under
that head, shall be paid from tho inoomeofthe Navy
pension fund, so far as the same may be sufficient for
that purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will explain in a word
what tho state of this bill is. This bill appro-
priates $30,480,000 for all classes of pensions,
including those of the war of 1812. Between
three and four hundred thousand dollars of
that will be paid out of the income of the
Navy pension fund, which now, at three per
cent., is not quite sufficient to pay allthe Navy
pensions. The appropriations for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, were just $30,000,000, and
the appropriations for the eurrem fiscal year,
ending on the 30th of June next, amount
to $33,550,000, including an appropriation of
$4,500,000 that was made specially for the
pensions of soldiers of the war of 1812.
1 have here a statement from the Treasury,
showing, for the first quarter of the current
year, how the last appropriation is being
expended, and which has the tendency to show
that the sum required for the next year will
be just about what this bill provides. Under
the current year's appropriation, for the quar-
ter ending 30th September, 1871, there have
been already paid for artificial limbs, which
falls under this appropriation, and commuta-
tation for them, $27,441 41; for invalid pen-
sions, $2,639,555 36; for widows and depend-
ent relatives, and all the classes falling under
that head, $4,511,176 67 ; for the war of 1812,
$117,579 87; for fees, $56,621 80; for com-
missions and compensation, $26,283 57; for
additional compensation, $11,126 38, and for
contingent expenses, $6,191 17; making a
total expenditure out of the current appro-
priation for the first quarter of the fiscal year,
$7,395,975 73. With a statement of these
figures, I received from the Treasury Depart-
ment this letter:
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary,
February 3,1872.
Snt: In compliance with your verbal request, I
have the honor to inclose a statement of amounts
actually disbursed at the several pension agencies
during the first quarter of the fiscal year ending June
30, 1872, (September SO, 1871:) also a statement of
appropriations for payment of pensions for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1872.
The expenditure for each of the three remaining
quarters will not differ materially from that of the
first quarter inclosed.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELIi, Secretary.
Hon. Geokoe P. Edmunds,
United States Senate,
It seems then that this quarter is a fair aver-
age, and almost an exact one, no doubt, of the
next three quarters. Supposing that to be so,
there will be expended in tho current year
$29,583,802 92; but the Commissioner of
Pensions reports that in his opinion the ex-
penditures for pensions under the act provid-
ing for soldiers of the war of 1812 will be largely
increased, So that he thinks that in that de-
partment of pensions there will be a deficiency
on account of the great number of claims that
are filed and the additional labor that is to be
bestowed upon giving them a quick hearing.
The result is that we think the appropriation
provided by the Houso of $30,480,000 will
probably be sufficient for this year, subject to
the possibility of claims for pensions for the
war of 1812 running it somewhat over.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. ANTHONY. Before the bill passes, I
wish the Senator from Vermont, who stated
that the Navy pension fund was not quite suffi-
cient to pay the Navy pensions, would state
the reason why it is not sufficient. It is because
it was the pleasure of Congress to cut down to
threeper cent, the interest on that money which
belongs to the Navy, and was pledged to them
in the beginning, if we paid the same inter-
est for that that we pay for our other debts,
there'would be almost double enough to pay
the Navy pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to that observa-
tion, I will state that the Navy pension fund
is only a mode of keeping an account in the
Treasury Department. The Navy pension fund
does not belong to the Navy any more than all
the funds in the Treasury belong to the people
of the United States. That idea is a great
mistake.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is a fund that the
Navy brought into the Treasury and that the
Government solemnly pledged to the payment
of Navy pensions ; and therefore when the
Government takes possession of that money
and cuts down the income of it to only half
what it pays for its other debts, it is not the
fault of the Navy pension fund that it doe3
not pay the Navy pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is simply a mode of
stating the account.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The reason stated by the
Senator from Rhode Island is the correct
one. The income from the Navy pension
fund would be more than sufficient to pay
the Navy pensions and the expenses in-
cident to them, if it were invested at six per
cent; but the Government has taken the
money and deposited it at three per cent.,
the Government having the money. I do not
quite agree with my friend from Ohio, that we
have the same right morally over this money
that we have over other money, because in
the foundation of the Navy Department and
of the Navy pension fund we provided in
advance that one half of the products of prizes
taken by our sailors should forever be kept a
sacred trust fund separate from the other funds
of the Government for this purpose. By that
I think Congress ought to feel, as it always
has felt hitherto, bound.
The bill was read the third time, and
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
Mi\ TRUMBULL. I am instructed by the
Judiciary Committee, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 570) transferring certain pow-
ers and duties to the Department of Justice,
and providing a seal therefor, to report it back
with a recommendation that it pass with
amendments. I ask the consideration of the
Senate to this bill at this time. It isshortand
will take but a moment, and I think there will
be no objection to it.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
