11M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
owning property in that portion of the city of Chi-
cago recently destroyed by fire, and who, in the
opinion of said Commissioner, has suffered material
loss by such fire: Provided, That such suspension
shall not be continued after the close of the next
regular session of Congress.
Mr. "WRIGHT, I had designed to say some-
thing upon this bill: but in view of the length
of time taken upon the resolution which has
just been disposed of, and what I know is the
anxiety of the friends of the bill to have it
acted on to-day, I shall forego it, and shall
say but a very few words calling the attention
of the Senate to the amendment reported by
the Committee on Finance.
I may state that when this bill came from
the House of Representatives it contained but
two sections. The first section provided that
gratuitous contributions for the relief of the
sufferers by the fire which occurred at Chicago
at the time stated in that section, and con-
signed to the proper authorities of that city,
should be admitted free of duty. That sec-
tion is retained in the amendment that now
comes from the Committee on Finance. The
second section is the one on which the contro-
versy arises. The Committee on Finance re-
ported a third section, and upon that I do not
understand that there is any controversy. I
desire to call the attention of the Senate par-
ticularly to the change that has been made in
the second section of the bill as reported.
The second section, as reported from the
committee, changes the section in the bill as it
came from the House in these respects : the
bill as it came from the House provided that
there should be a drawback " on all materials
actually used in buildings erected on the ground
burned over by said fire." It will be found
that the section as reported from the commit-
tee differs from that in providing that the
materials imported and upon which the draw-
back is allowed must have been imported to
be used; that is to say, that must have been
the intention at the time the articles were im-
ported ; and not only must they be imported
to be used for that purpose, but they must be
actually used. And instead of standing as it
did in the section as it came from the House,
that if the articles were actually used in the
building without reference to the purpose or
the intention of the importer, then the draw-
back was allowed, as the bill stands now the
articles muBt have been imported to be used ■
and must be actually used in the burned dis-
trict. In addition to that, the committee pro-
vide not only that the materials thus imported
shall be used in buildings erected on the ground
burned over by the fire, but in buildings erected
on the site of buildings burned over by said
fire.
Thus it will be seen that the provisions of
the second section as they now stand are
restricted as compared with the House bill.
It will be seen also that under the provisions
of the bill as it now stands there is but little,
if any, fair possibility of fraud iti carrying out its
provisions, for it must be shown under the
regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury
that the materials imported were to be used,
and were actually used, not alone in the burned
district, taking the entire territory burned over,
but upon lots where the buildings were, upon
the site of the buildings that were burned by
the fire. I think these amendments upon the
bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives are very material and very important.
This is all that I design to say at this time
with reference to this bill. It is not my pur-
pose to enter at all into the discussion of
the general merits of the bill or the possible
constitutional questions.that may bo raised.
I have no purpose of doing so at this time.
If time shall allow before the vote is taken,
it is possible I may do it; but at present
I prefer to jet the bill go to the Senate as
it stands with what I have said. I say now
at this time that it is my purpose, if possible,
to insist on having a vote on this bill before
the Senate shall adjourn to-day.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion? I, of course, do
not wish to dictate to the Senator in any way
the course which he shall take in regard to
this bill; but there is a question to which
he has referred, a question of law which I
know does trouble some Senators who would
like to vote with the Senator from Iowa for
the bill; and if it would not inconvenience
him at all, as he has examined that question,
I think it would he very useful if he would
state as briefly as he pleases his conclusion
about it. Of course I do not ask him to go
into any argument.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will state that I intend to
do so, as I have already suggested, before the
vote shall be taken on the bill; but at present
I prefer that the discussion shall be taken up
by others. At present I do not propose to
enter into it. I have a very clear conviction
on the subject, and do not hesitate to state
that conviction is that there is no violation of
the constitutional provision in this bill. I am
very clear that so far as the provision that the
duties and imposts shall be uniform, that is,
that they shall be made in a uniform manner
is concerned, there is no violation of the Con-
stitution in this bill. I say the duties are uni-
form according to the provisions of this bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the amendment which
was reported by the Committee on Finance in
the form of a substitute:
Strike out all after the word that" and in lieu
thereof insert:
There shall be allowed and paid, out of any
moneys in the Treasury nototherwise appropriated,
under such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall prescribe, to the owners of all materials
actually used in buildings erected on the ground
burned over by said fire, the sum of $400,000: Pro-
vided, Application therefor bo made within two
years of the passage of this act.
At this time I merely wish to state that as I
understand the theory of the bill, it is based on
the precedent of Portland, and I have in con-
formity to that theory proposed the amend-
ment taking money out of the Treasury of the
United States, by which the whole country
will contribute to this object; arid upon that
basis taking the statement of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] who introduced the bill
as to the destruction of the city of Chicago,
and also having reference to the destruction
of the city of Portland, the amount which
should be voted reaches the aggregate stated
in my amendment, $400,000.
Now, sir, to show that I am not alone in
this view of the subject, in taking direct ground
against the policy of touching the revenues of
the country to accomplish this object, and in
believing it to be a case of charity, no matter
by what name it is called, I send to the desk
a paper containing twenty reasons against the
bill, sent to me from the city of Chicago itself
with a request that it might be read here ; and
I ask the Clerk now to read it for the informa-
tion of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The Chirayo Relief Bill—Twenty Jtzasons w])y it
should not pass.
1. It is a doubtful policy for Government to adopt.
2. It professes to relieve sufferers, but doea not do
it only to a very limited extent.
3. It does not attempt or propose to relieve thesuf-
ferers by the great fire on the 7th of October, where-
by thousands .were made houseless and homeless,
lost all, and are in good faith as much entitled to
relief as the sufferers by the fire of the 8th and 9th
of October.
4. It proposes to relieve those only who own lots,
or who can buy in the district burned over on the 8th
and 9th of October, and so not one in a thousand
actual sufferers are even offered relief.
5. It gives parties who owned lots, vacant before
the lire, a rebate on building up their property, and
they not losers by the fire at all.
6. It gives speculators everywhere a chance to
come into the burned district, buy lots and build,
getting the rebate from. Government.
7. Itraiscs the value of lots in the burned district,
(already held at fabulous prices,) so that they are
entirely out of reach of a vast majority of the suf-
ferers by the fire.
8. It does notask for or propose relief to the thou-
sands of men who lost all, by the loss of their busi-
ness.
9. It does not offer relief to the hundreds of mer-
chants who lost stocks of goods and merchandise.
10. It does not seek to help the thousands of poor
men and women who lost houses, stores, and other
buildings that were on leased lots.
11. It puts money into the hands of hundreds of
men who lost by the fire, but who are rich beyond
their losses, and do not need relief from Government.
12. It gives the property-owners in the vicinity of
Wells and Jackson streets benefits in building up
their lots they are not entitled to, the fire having
swept off a mass of worthless buildings, houses of
prostitution and dens of infamy, leaving the ground
worth hundreds of thousands of dollars more than
it was before the fire.
13. It strikes a direct blow at the manufacturing
interests of Chicago, such as are engaged in making
any articles that enter into the construction of build-
ings.
14. It prevents improvements being made by ac-
tual sufferers,-outside the so-called burnt district,
a very unjust discrimination.
15. It attempts to force all improvements into the
burnt district, and if passed in its present shape
will do so, a result hoped for, no doubt, by its most
ardent supporters.
16. It should not pass unless it includes the town^
in Michigan and Wisconsin that suffered even
greater loss than Chicago.
17. It should not pass at all unless it gives actual
sufferers by the fire the privilege of building any-
where in Chicago where they may chance to have a
lot, and so get the rebate.
18. It should be a donation from Government
direct to sufferers, (if any bill is passed,) and then
the widows and orphans, the poor man' with his
family, the rich, and all alike would get relief pro
rata.
19. It should, on tho donation plan, have the undi-
vided support of the committee now in "Washington,
and all who are in good faith asking Congress for
relief to the sufferers by the great fire of October
7th, 8th, and 9th, and they ought not to object to the
proposition.
20. It seeks to obtain relief (under false pretenses)
from Congress, knowing that such relief cannot
reach the masses that are tho greatest sufferers.
And finally, if the Logan bill passes, and byits dis-
crimination the business of Chicago is to be Qrowded
into a small area, in the vicinity of the court-house,
us before the fire, it is plain enough to any fair-
minded man that in five or ten years hence tho city
of Chicago would have been far better off if the relief
bill had never passed, and business had spread over
a larger territory, as it would have done without
such unfair legislation. If the Government chooses
to continue the Portland precedent of relieving cities
partially destroyed by lire, let Congress pass such bills
as will look toward benefiting at least a majority of
sufferers, instead of speculators and vast numbers
of persons who have lost nothing. It is strange that
thelarge committee of gentlemen sent to Washing-
ton to urge the passage of the Logan bill cannot so
amend or modify it as to give some show of relief to
the real sutferers. If they cannot, it is respectfully
suggested that the title be changed to read: "a
donation to real estate owners, to assist them in
building up their property in the burnt district."
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. As I under-
stand from the reading of the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Finance, two of
the objections urged in that protest against
this bill are met by the amendment; but, the
other eighteen stand, and I think the citizens
of Chicago holding these views have the right
to be heard. Those reasons are urgent and
bear forcibly upon the project now before the
Senate, and I trust the Senate will give them
that consideration which their importance
demands.
Mr. LOGAN. Is that paper signed by any-
body ?
_Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. TheSenatorfrom
Illinois asks if this paper is signed by anybody.
I reply that it has been transmitted to me by
citizens of Chicago, and if necessary I will
reveal their names. But I desire to state right
here that the name of the gentleman from Chi-
cago which I gave on a former occasion has
been so dealt with by the press of Chicago that,
so far as I can screen citizens of Chicago who
are opposed to this bill, I shall do so. If the
Senate compel me to reveal the names, how-
ever, I am ready to do so. I answer the Sen-
ator from Illinois that I have not only one
name, but more than one name to a letter
accompanying that paper, and I should have
had the letter read but for the peculiar circum-
stances of the case and the criticism that has
been indulged in by the press of Chicago upon
any citizen there who sees fit to exercise his
right of freedom of expression. On that ac-
count I have withheld this letter, but it may
be necessary to present it, and I may during
the pendency of this debate give their names,
and shall do so if I deem it necessary.
