THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
T.RVT W. POND.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the rules be
suspended.so that the bill of the Senate (S.
No. 624) confirming and extending a patent-
right to Levi W. Pond and Ea.u< Claire Lum-
ber Company be passed.
•The bill was read. The firstseetion provides
that the rights described in the letters-patent
franted on the 4th day of August, 1868, to
ieri wj Pend and Eau Claire Lumber Com-
pany, of the county of Claire, and State of
Wisconsin, arid' citizens of the United States,
toarr invention therein described and referred
to, be granted, confirmed, and extended to the
said Levi W. Pond and Eau Claire Lumber
Company, their heirs, and assigns, for the full
term of seventeen' years from the 1st day of
June, 1870, notwithstanding that said invention
may have been to some extent possessed and
enjoyed by the public prior to the date of the
application for said letters-patent, which was
filed on the 23d day of January, 1868, said in-
vention so granted and confirmed being de-
scribed in said letters and application as an
"improved device for sheering booms—letters-
patent 'No. 80,603, dated August 4, 1868—
Levi W. Pond, of Eau Claire, Wisconsin, as-
signor to himself and Eau Claire Lumber
Company, of same place;" provided that all
rights and privileges heretofore sold and
granted by said patentees to make, construct,
use, or vend the said invention, and not for-
feited by the purchasers or grantees, shall inure
to aud ba enjoyed by such purchasers or grant-
ees respectively as fully and upon the same
conditions, during.the period hereby granted,
as for the term that did exist when such sale
or grant was made.
The second section provides that any person
who had, more than two years prior to the
date of the application for said letters-patent,
bona fide erected or constructed any euch ma-
chine or structure for the purpose of putting
said invention into use in any of its modifica-
tions, shall have and enjoy the right of using
said invention in any such specific machine or
structure so' actually erected more than two
years prior to the date of said application for
said' letterf-patent as aforesaid, in all respects
as though this act had not been passed ; pro-
vided, however, that no person without grant
or license from sa^d patentees, or their assigns,
shall have or enjoy by virtue of this act any
other'or greater privileges or rights than he
would have or enjoy if this act had not been
passed.
Mr. KELLOGG. There can be no objec-
tion to this bill; it is no extension of the pat-
ent; it merely confirms the existing patent.
The "question was put, and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules Were not
suspended. • • *
Mr. KELLOGG. If gentlemen will hear
me for a single sentence, 1 think they will have
no objection to this bill. It is no extension
of a patent, but simply a confirmation of right
to a boom' for turning logs across a river.
Other parties stole it while the inventor was
making experiments, and this bill is simply
to give him the title to the invention. It has
only been running three years, and the bill
has been unanimously agreed to by the Com-
mittee on Patents in both Houses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again sub-
mit the question to the House.
The question was again taken; and (two
thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules were
suspended, and the bill was passed.
extension of time for adjournment.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the following resolution adopted:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the time
fixed by concurrent resolution lor the adjournment
ot the present session of Congress be, and is hereby,
further extended until nine o'clock p. m.; and that'
the President of the Senate and Speaker of the
House be, and are hereby, authorised and directed
to adjourn the two Houses sine cite at that hour.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the House take
a recess until five mirutes to six o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The motion for a recess
is not in order pending a motion to suspend
the rules.
Mr. PERCE. Is a motion to adjourn in
order?
, The SPEAKER. One motion to adjourn
would be in order any other than the last day
of the session.
Mr. PERCE. Ia an amendment to the
resolution in order to extend the time still
further?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to
amend a motion to suspend the rules.
The question was then taken; and upon a
division there were—ayes 95, noes 44.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. PERCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Peroe were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 102, noes 46.'
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. PERCE called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
House allow me to make a single statement?
I understand there is a prospect of agreement
which 1 think will be satisfactory to the House.
The Senate is now in executive session. For
one I shall vote for an extension of'the time.
Mr. PERCE. Ia the gentleman satisfied
with the proposed agreement?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
quite satisfied, and I think the House will be.
Mr. PERCE. Then I withdraw my call for
the yeas and nays.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and the resolution
was adopted.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the House of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same: •
An' act (H. R. No. 2876) for the relief of
John C. Beaumont; and
An act (H. R. No. 2942) for the construc-
tion of a custom-house, banded warehouse,
and post office at Port Huron, Michigan.
public building at pittsbukg.
Mr. WELLS. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public, Buildings and Grounds to
move that the rules be suspended, and a bill
to purchase a site for a public building in
Pittsburg passed.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to purchase at private
sale, or, if necessary, by condemnation, in
pursuance of the statutes of the State of
Pennsylvania^ a suitable piece of ground in
the city of Pittsburg, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, for th^ erection of a building to
be used for a pourt-honse, custom-house, post
office, United States marshal's office, and
otb§r Government offices, the cost of the same
not to exceed $300,000; provided that no
money to be appropriated under this act shall
be available until a valid title to such land is
vested in the United States, noruntil the State
of Pennsylvania shall duly release and relin-
quish jurisdiction over the same, and exempt
from taxation such property, and the buildings
to be hereafter erected thereon, while the same
are in the possession of the United States.
The SPEAKER. Thequestion is upon sus
pending the rules and passing the bill which
has been read.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
now take a recess, till seven o'clock. I tell
gentlemen that if we do not take a recess there
is an arm without limit as to length in the
Treasury of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the motion for a recess should not be for
a longer time than until six o'clock. It is
important that the House should know that
the Senate have concurred in the resolution
of the House extending the time of final
adjournment.
Mr. RANDALL. This is a single grant to
the extent of $300,000.
Mr. NEGLEY. It is all right.
Mr. RANDALL. This may be right, but
there are many others behind it that are not
right. ,
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
that the House nonconcur in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Ohio river bridge
bill and appoint a committee of conference.
Mr. WELLS. I believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
that of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Wells,] .to suspend the rules and pass a bill
appropriating $300,000 for a public building
at Pittsburg.
Mr. NEGLEY. Not for the erection of a
building, but for the purchase of a site.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. The buildings are
to come afterward.
Mr. TYNER. There is no appropriation
asked.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Wells, there were—ayes 50, noes 71.
Mr. NEGLEY. I call for the yeas and
nays. I think the House does not understand
this subject. This proposition has been rec-
ommended by the Secretary of . the Treasury.
Public buildings were erected at Pittsburg
twenty-one years ago, at a cost of $104,000.
More than two hundred and sixty thousand
people are interested in hiiving the conven-
iences to be afforded by new buildings, and
which are not afforded by the pre^fent structure.
The amount which is contemplated to be ex-
pended is very email, and action is necessary at
the present time in view of the fact that very
few sites within the business portion of the city
can be obtained for the purpose. This meas-
ure has the approval of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and there is no
reason why it should not receive the approval
of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I supposed that
buildings in Pittsburg lasted more than twenty-
one years; at least the buildings there look
as if they had lasted more than that time.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NEGLEY. The structure now occu-
pied for Government purposes has been con-
demned by the grand jury. It was reported
against in 1868 by the supervising archi-
tect. It would be a very great outiage if a
district paying $22,000,000 of revenue m nine
years should not i-eceive a' paltry appropria-
tion of $300,000 for the purchase of a site.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 108, nays 58, not voting 79; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Acker,. Ames. Arthur, Averill,
Banks, Bell, Bingham, Buffinton, Burden, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Cobb, Co-
burn, .Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Critcher,
Crocker,Darrall.De'Large, Donnan, Duel!, Dunnell,
Barnes, Elliott, Harwell, Fmkelnburg, Charles Fos-
ter, Henry-D.. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Gotz, Golladay,
Haldeman.Halsey,Harmer,Harper,Havens,IIawley,
John W.IIazelton, Hereford, Houghton, Kelley,Kel-
Joes, Kendall, Kctcham, Killmger, King, Lamison,
Lansing,Mans n.Maynard,McClelland, McCormick,
McHenry. McKee, Mercur, Monroe. Morey, Morphis,
Leonard Myers, Negtey, Niblaek, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry.
Piatt, Rainey, Randall, Ellis H. Roberts, Sion H.
Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions, Sheldon, Sliella-
harger, Sherwood, Shober, John A. Smith, Thomas
J. StJeer. Stevens, Stevenson, Sutherland, Sypher,
Tafe, Ihomas, Washington Townsend, Turner,
IVichcll, Tyner, Waddefl, Wakcman, Wallace,
Walls, Wells, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Wil-
liams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Winchester, and Young—108.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Barber, Beatty, Beck,
Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Brooks, Burchavd,
Caldwell, Carroll, Crossland, Dox, Du Bose, Eld-
redge, Farnsworth, Wilder D. Foster, Giddings,
Goodrich, Handley, Hanks, George E. Harris, John
T. Harris, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazclton, Hibbard,
Hoar, Holman, Kerr, Lewis, Marshall, McCrary,
Mclntyre, McNeely, Merriam, Morgan, Poland,
Price, Prindle, Read, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Wil-
