3556
THE OONGBESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 16,
Jersey where there were ample facilities to
carry it? If the State of Maryland chooses to
impose a tax upon telegraphic wires across
that State, it is therefore more expensive to
carry the message across that State, and the
proposition in this bill is to allow the Post-
master General to impose an additional rate
for the transmission of a message across that
State to meet that tax; but do.es the Senator
suppose that the people of .Maryland would be
so far blind to their own interest as to tax
their own telegraph communication ?
, Mr. NYE. Then why provide for it?
Mr. SAWYER. Because we do not know
hut that some opponent of this system, some
person who desires to perpetuate the monop-
oly which at present exists in the telegraphic
system of this country, may interpose some
such obstacles; they will not last long, but they
may for a time.
Mr. NYE. After all, suppose you are going
to carry the mail through Maryland or South
Carolina, does that increase or decrease the
rate of postage ?
Mr. SAWYER. Itwould if Congress should
say so. Congress has not seen fit to say so.
Mr. President, this union of the poslal sys-
tem with the telegraphic system is not a new
proposition. It was before the last Congress.
It has been reported favorably upon several
times by committees of the other House, and
once certainly before the Senate by a commit-
tee of this body.
Mr. RAMSEY. Three times.
Mr. SAWYER. Three times by the com-
mittee of the Senate. It has been recom-
mended by two successive Postmasters Gen-
eral after the most careful consideration. It
has been tried in European countries with ab-
solute success. As I remarked a few minutes
ago, it has been tried in Great Britain, not
only with wonderful success as to the increase
of the business of telegraphing, but as a ques-
tion merely of profit. Great Britain invested
some six or seven million pounds in purchas-
ing telegraphic lines, borrowing the money at
three and a quarter per cent., and notwith-
standing all the difficulties of a new enter-
prise, notwithstanding all the large expenses
of inaugurating the system, nevertheless the
first year rendered a net return of over four
per cent., making a clear profit on the system
in the first year, and therefore the year pre-
senting the most difficulty, of nearly or quite
one per cent, on the capital invested.
Now, Mr. President, it is not proposed that
the Government shall pay out one dollar for
this. It is simply proposed to give the Post-
master General power to contract with a com-
pany which is incorporated here with a capital
of $1,000,000 to begin with, and thereafter to
be increased as the company increase the prop-
erty in their possession, in accordance with
the terms of the law. It proposes to give the
Postmaster General power to contract with
such company to carry telegraphic messages
at certain rates, which rates are something
like an average of thirty-five per cent, less
than the rates now charged by the Western
Union Telegraph Company. And this price
is further reduced by the fact that the mes-
sage proposed by this bill is not the message
of ten words, but a message averaging about
eighty per cent. more. The average rates,
therefore, will be considerably more than fifty
per cent, diminution on the present rates.
This company, though the Senator from
Nevada seems to be so much afraid of its
vast privileges and its vast powers, will have
simply the powers which any other telegraphic
company has, except that it cannot impose
upon the public exorbitant rates, because, as
1 have remarked, whenever its profits rise
above ten per cent, it will be the duty of the
Postmaster General, under the bill as reported
by the committee, to reduce the rates so that
it shall bring the profits of the company down
to ten per cent. If thereafter it should prove
that the profits of the company were less than
ten percent., he would have the same right
to raise the rates (not, however, beyond the
limits fixed) that he had to lower them.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
from my friend from South Carolina, with his
permission, whether he is in the domain of
history or not in what I understood him to
say as I entered the Chamber just now about
the diminution of rates proposed by this bill.
Does he intend the Senate at this time, when
nobody, as far as I can learn, except a few in
the secret, expected this extraordinary meas-
ure to come up, to understand that by the
proposed amendment of the committee the
diminution which he has been describing in
telegraphic rates is to be established? And
if he does, I wish he would be kind enough
to repeat, if it be necessary to repeat for my
benefit, the data on which he bases the state-
ment.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator had been
careful enough to look into the report of
the committee, which has been on the table
for some weeks, he would have seen the data
there, and could have verified the data by
reference to the telegraphic rates between
Washington and New York and various other
points to which he has occasion to frequently
send dispatches. On the eighth and ninth
pages of the report of the committee are given
tables exhibiting the present rates from Wash-
ington to Various points, and showing a dimi-
nution of sixty per cent, upon day rates and
eighty per cent, upon night rates as between
the rates proposed in this bill and those at
present charged by the Western Union Tele-
graph Company, and these lower rates pro-
posed are not for the same length of message
but for a message eight tenths longer. In
other words, for eighteen words the tariff" pro-
posed by this bill will be sixty per cent, for
day rates less than the charge now made by
tha Western Union Telegraph Company for
ten words. Below that there are several tables
given where the reduction varies from thirty-
three to thirty-eight percent., and in one case
sixty-eight per cent, all the time, this being
based on the assumption that the messages are
of the same length, ten-word messages,whereas
in fact the messages proposed by this bill are
of twenty-five words, including the address,
which makes the body of the message average
about eighteen words. Now the Senator is
answered about that. If he will show that
these figures are not correct, of course I am
wrong.
Mr. CONKLING. I am answered very
largely in one sense and in another not at all.
I need not read beyond the third page of this
bill to satisfy myself that all those who have
not been imposed upon are trying to impose
upon somebody else. Among the extraordin-
ary provisions of the bill is that which I find
in the words which I read now :
Alt other messages shall be transmitted in the
order in which they are received—
I find no ground for criticism there, but
now I come to the words which I criticise:
excepting registered telegrams, on which double
rates shall be prepaid, which shall have priority
of transmission, and excepting telegrams directed
to be transmitted by night.
Everybody not purposely or strangely blind
as to the intent of this contrivance must see
that the corporation of which the Government
is to become the agent or middle-man between
the citizen and the person to perform the
work is to be permitted to double the rates
upon everything except that sent by night, for
that is what it comes to, " excepting registered
telegrams, on which double rates shall be pre-
paid, which shall have priority of transmis-
sion." Everybody will see that if the Sen-
ator from South Carolina or anybody else
wants priority of transmission he is to be com-
pelled by this corporation to have it through
a registered telegram, just as certain railway
companies put on a magnificent palace ear or
two, and then take care to leave off all other
cars, so that everybody is driven fas out nefas
to go into the palace cars. So everybody who
wants a message transmitted under this con-
trivance submitted to us is to be compelled to
send a registered message at double rate.
And I say here, although speaking under favor
of my friend in his time, that in addition to all
the other amazing requirements to which the
American people are to be subjected under
this bill if it should ever pass, (which I do not
suppose it is to do,) as I understand, it will
work not only no diminution of rate in trans-
mitting the average telegraphic dispatches,
but an unmistakable imposition of additional
rates over those charged now for doing it.
Mr. SAWYER. I am always happy to hear
my friend from New York, because he speaks
forcibly and eloquently and persuasively; but
there is absolutely nothing in what he has said ;
and let me remind the Senator from NewYork
that this registered telegram to which he al-
ludes has its exact parallel in the usage of the
telegraph companies to-day, who charge double
rates if you want to make your message sure.
In the first place, the double rate provided by
this bill is in many cases not over sixty-six and
two thirds per cent, of the single rate charged
by the Western Union telegraph and by other
telegraphic companies in the country to-day.
But, Mr. President, when you want to make
certain that your message goes correctly and
promptly in the telegraph office to day, there
is a direction that you shall cause it to be
repeated, and then they charge you double
rates for it; so that the Senator proves noth-
ing against the proposition before us by hig
criticism on this point.
The Senator says there will be absolutely no
reduction. I beg to call his attention to some
figures. The day rate froixi Washington to
St. Paul at present for ten-word messages is
$2 50. By the proposed bill the day message
will be one dollar, or forty per cent. But note
this circumstance: that this one dollar is not
for a ten-word message, but for a message
consisting, with the address, of twenty five
words, or amounting to eighteen words, inas-
much as the average addresses on telegrams are
about seven words. Take ten thousand mes-
sages, and -they will average about seven words
for each address. Therefore it leaves the body
of the telegram at about eighteen words. If
this bill becomes a law, for one dollar you
send a message to St. Paul of eighteen words,
whereas now you send a message to St. Paul
of ten words for $2 50. The present rate is
twenty-five cents per word ; the proposed rate
about five and a half cents per word, a reduc-
tion in this case of seventy-eight per cent.
Does the Senator consider this reduction of uo
value ?
Again, the rate from Washington to Bangor
at present for ten words is ninety cents; by
the proposed bill, for eighteen words it will
be seventy-five cents. Prom Washington to
San Francisco the present rate is five dollars,
or fifty cents a word ; by the proposed rate it
is $1 75 for eighteen words. These tables, it
must be noted, are made up as though the
messages by the present system and by this
bill were the same, whereas in fact, as I have
so often repeated, the allowance must be made
in every case for the addition of eight words
to the average messages.
I did not, however, intend to discuss this
bill. I only rose after my friend from Nevada
had shown, as I said, so much terror of the
monstrous amount of legislation which there
was in this bill. He seems to be frightened
at what, if he had read the bill carefully, and
if he has read the report, I do not think would
have made his hair stand on end at the enorm-
ous assumption of Government power. The
truth is to-day, Mr. President, the press of
the United States is dependent upon the tele-
graph, and there is hardly a newspaper in this
land that belongs to the Associated Press lhat
dare say anythiug against the telegraph as at
present managed, however much they may feel
