1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4453
liam R. Roberts, Slater, Storm, Strong, Terry, Van
Trump, Walden, Whittnorne, and Willard—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Barnura,
Barry, Beveridge, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Boles. Bright, Buckley, Clarke, Cotton, Cox. Crebs,
Creely. Diivis, Dawes, Dickey, Duke, Eiy, Porker,
Garfield, Griffith, Male, Hambleton, Haneack,
Herndon, Hill, Hooper, Kinsella, Lamport, Leach,
Lowe, Lynch, MeGrew, McJutikie, MoKinney,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore,
Orr, Hosea W. Parker, "Isaac C. Parker, EK Perry,
Peters. Porter, Potter, Edward Y. Rice, Robina&n,
John Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Scofield, Seeley,
Shanks, Shoemaker, Slocum. Sloss, H. Boardman
Smith, AVorthington C. Smith, Suaftp, Snyder,
R. Milton Speer, Sprague, Starkweather. Stough-
ton, Stowell, St. John, Swann , Dwight lowssend,
Tuthill, Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waldron,
Warren, Wheeler, andWood—79.
So (two thirds voting in favor, thereof) the
rnles were suspended, and the bill (H. R. No.
2984) was passed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment bills of the follow-
ing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1564) for the relief of
William F. Barker, postmaster at Northville,
Fulton county, New York; and
An act (H. It. No. 1786) for the relief of
Henry W. Galpin, postmaster at Berlin, Con-
necticut.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2705) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
SUNDRY CIVIL appropriation BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I submit the
following privileged report.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 2705} making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for toe fiscal
year ending June SO, 1873, and for other purposes,
having met, after full and free conference, nave
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 15,16. 20, 21, 28, 40, 43, 44, 45, 43, 48, 50,60,
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1. 2. o. 4,
5!i, 6. 7, 8. 9, 11,12,13.14,15K 17,18, 22, 23. 24, 25, 26,
27 29, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 38, 39, 41, 42, 4<>49, 51, 52, 54,
55 56 57, 59, 62, 03, 65, 66, 67, 69, 70, 71, 72, /3, 74, <5,
76, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82,83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92,
and 93, and agree to the same. #
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment as follows: strike out the
proviso attached to the third clause of said amend-
ment: and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out all of said amendments after the word
" to " in line two, and substitute m lieu thereot the
following words, so as to provide as follows: ^
That whenever, in any country or parish, m any
congressional district, there shall be ten citizens
thereof of good standing who, prior to any registra-
tion of voters for an election for Representative in
Congress, or prior to any election at which aRepre-
sentative in Congress is to be voted for, shall make
known in writing, to the judge of the circuit court
of the United States for the district wherein such
county or parish is situate, their desire to ha.yesaid
registration or election both guarded and scrutinized,
it shall be the duty of the said judge of the circuit
court, within not less than ten days prior to said
registration or election, as the case may be, to open
the said court at the most convenient point in said
district; and the said court, when so opened by said
judge, shall proceed to appoint and commission,
from day to day, and from time to time, and unefcer
the hand of the said judge, and under the seal of
said court, for such election district or voting pre-
ciuet in said congressional district, as th®
manner herein prescribed, have been applied tor,
and to revoke, change, or renew said appointment
from time to time, two citizens, residents ot said
election district or voting precinct m said county or
parish who shall be of different political paraes,
and able to read and write the finghsh language,
and who shall be known and designatedas supervis-
ors of election ; and the said court, wheh opened by
the said judge as required herein, shaH, therefrom
and thereafter, and up to and including the day
following the day of the election, be always open for
the transaction of business under this act: and the
powors and jurisdiction hereby granted and con-
lerred shall be exercised, as well m vacation as in
term time and a judge, sitting at chambers, shall
have the same powexs and jurisdiction, including
the power of keeping order and of punishing any
contempt of his authority, as when sitting in the
court: Provided, That no compensation shall be
ailswed to the supervisors herein authorized to be
appointed, except those appointed in cities or
towns of twenty thousand or more inhabitants.
And no person shall be appointed under this act as
supervisorof election who is not at the time of his
appointment a qualified voter of the county, parish,
election district, or voting precinct for which he
is appointed. And no person shall be appointed
depury marshal under the act 4 of which this is
amendatory who is not a qualified voter, at the
time of his appointment, in the county, parish,
district, or precinct in which his duties are to be
performed. And section thirteen of the act of which
this is an amendment shall be construed to author-
ize and require the circuit court? of the United
States in said section mentioned to name and ap-
point, as soon as may be after the passage of this
act, the commissioners provided for in said section,
in all cases in which such appointments have not
already been made in conformity therewith. And
the third section of the act to which this is an amend-
ment shall be taken and construed to authorize each
of the judges of the circuit courts of the United
States to designate one or more of the judges of the
district courts within his circuit to discharge the
duties arising under this actor the act to which this
is an amendment. And the words "any person, 'in
section four of the act of May 31,1870, shall be held
to include any officer or other person having pow-
ers or duties of an official character under this act,
or the act to which this is an amendment: Provided,
That nothing in this section shall be so construed as
to authorize the appointment of any marshals or
deputy marshals in addition to those heretofore
authorized by law: Ajid provided furthert That the
supervisors herein provided for shall have no power
or authority to make arrests or to perform other
duties than to be in the immediate presence of the
officers holding the election and to witness all their
proceedings, including countingof the votes and the
making of a return thereof; andsomuchof said sum
herein appropriated as may be necessary for said
supplemental and amendatory provision is herebj
appropriated from and after the passage of his act.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the nineteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendments: m lieu
of the words inserted by said amendment, substitute
the following words: "to enable the Secretary ol
the Interior to pay only the reasonable and proper
expense heretofore incurred for paving roadway and
curbing and paving sidewalks in front of the prop-
erty of the United States in the District of Colum-
bia, $192,620, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary ; and all railroads are hereby prohibited on the
I street and K street fronts of Farragut, Scott, and
Franklin squares; and no further street railroads
shall be laid down in the city of Washington with-
out the consent of Congress;" and on page 7, after
the word " paragraphs," in line one, add the follow-
ing words: "and the said appropriations shall not
be construed to create or imply any obligation on
the part of the United States in any respect what-
ever in future;'5 and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in lieu
of the words stricken out by said amendment substi
tute the following: to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay, under existing laws, contractors
for carrying the mails for services rendered prior to
July 1,1869, 813,416." , .
That the ilouse recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: insort
in lieu of the words stricken out by said amend-
ment the following words: ' operated by hollow
spheres or otherwise;" and the Senate agree to the
SaThat the House recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the Senate numbered thirty-
five and a half, and agree to the same with the fol-
lowing amendment: strike out of said amendment
the word " five," and insert in lieu thereof the word
"four;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
t-hp thirtv-seventh amendment of the senate, ana
agree to the same with the following amendment:
iu lieu of the words stricken out substitute the fol-
lowing : " and the balances of appropriations for the
■current fiscal year for the construction of public
buildings under the control of the Treasury Depart-
ment, which may remain unexpended at the close
ol the current fiscal year, are hereby reappropriated
for thefiscal year enamg June 30,18/3; and the ben-
ate agree to the same. . ,
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the fifty-third amendment of the Senate, and
aareetothe same with an amendment, as follows:
iTlTne two of said amendment after the word
* * lands," insert the words ' m the; and the Senate
a^fhat°the House recede from their disagreement
to the fifty-eighth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
at the end of said amendment add the following
words: " Prvvided, That whenever Congress shall
so determine, any part of said estate be sold,
and so much of the proceeds thereof as shall be
needful for the purpose shall be applied to reim-
burse the United States for the expenditure herem
providedand the Senate.agreeto the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the sixty-first amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
strikoout of said amendment lines one, two, three,
four, and line five to and including the word dol-
lars and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the sixty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
strike out the word "five," in line five of said
amendment, and insert in lieu the word "fifteen;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the sixty-eighth ainendmeut of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
fn lieu of the words stricken out by said amend-
ment insert the following'words: " Provided  That
no money appropriated by this aet shall be paid aa
commissions upon any labpr or materials furnished
the United States:" and the Senjte agree to the
same.
JAS. A. GARFIELD, .
FRANK; W. PALMES,
' Managers on the part of the House.
CORNELIUS COLB.
GEO. F. EDMUNDS,
Managers on the part of the Situate.
message from the senate.
A message, from thq Senate, by Mr, Symp-
sou, one of its clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed, with amendments, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested, the bill (H. R. No, 827) to authorise
the construction of'bridges across the Ohio
river, and to prescribe the dimensions of the
same.
sundry civil bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In explanation
of the report which has just been read, I
desire to state to the House that the main
body of the report is the same as was. pre-
sented before. Three important changes were
made in view of additional facts brought before
the conference committee as to the amount
of sums appropriated. Beyond those three
changes every word is the same except what
relates to the tenth amendment, the matter iii
contest between the two Houses.
There are but three changes made in that
tenth amendment. We strike out the words
'' this act or," in the fortieth line of the print
which gentlemen have before them. The
second, change is in the forty-third line, where
we strike out the words "he resides," and
insert in lieu thereof the words " his duties
are to be performed." The third, and the
one of chief importance, is the addition of a
proviso at the end of line sixty-two, in these
words:
And provided further. That the supervisors herein
provided for shall have no powef or authority to
make arrestsor to perform other duties than to be
in the immediate presence of the officers holding the
election, and to witness all their proceedings, in-
cluding the counting of the votes, and the making
of a return thereof.
The effect of this is that the supervisors
authorized by this act stand by and witness the
proceedings of the election, and have the offi-
cial right to stand by, so that if frauds are being
perpetrated the Government of the United
States may have as witnesses a member of the
Democratic party and one of the Republican
party to the facts in the case.
message fkom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate concurred in the resolution of the
Ilouse extending the order for final adjourn-
ment to nine o'clock.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations if the
words "guarded and inspected" are not re-
tained in the bill. ,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No, sir. It is
provided that when ten citizens m any county
or parish in any congressional district shall
apply to the judge of the district in which such
county or parish is situated "to have said
registration or election both guarded and sera-
^MnELDREDGE. Yes, those are the words,
" guarded and scrutinized."
Mr. GAKF1ELD, of Ohio. The persons
applying express their wish to have the elec-
tion guarded and scrutinized. But the powers
