1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8557
its oppressive burdens. The telegraph has
complete control over the press. The Western
Union Telegraph Company can rain any news-
paper at any moment by just changing its rates
for transmission of news. The Senator knows
a newspaper on the Pacific coast which was
absolutely ruined by the outrageous charges
which were put upon the telegraphic news sent
to it.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know any such
thing as that. I understand the art of bring-
ing in the dislike which naturally attaches to
the Associated Press owing to the injustice to
which we are subjected by that association. 1
understand the art of bringing in that preju-
dice as a make-weight against the interest
which this bill is supposed to antagonize ; but
I deny entirely that striking at the telegraph
company is striking at the Associated Press.
I deny entirely that any shaft aimed at the
telegraph is likely to injure or wound the As-
sociated Press. I insist that on the contrary
all men alike managing newspapers or requir-
ing news are permitted to participate in trans-
mitting at given rates such messages as they
choose to send over the wires.
The suggestion of the Senatorisby no means
new. I have heard it here before. I have
heard it in other theaters where it was supposed
resorting to those arts, very common in practice
before juries, that somebody could be set on fire
in favor of this scheme by declaiming against
the Associated Press.
Mr. SAWYER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I have not declaimed against the Asso-
ciated Press.
Mr. CONKLING. No ; the Senator hasnot
declaimed against the Associated Press because
perhaps he is restrained by a feeling which
he applies in another direction. He says there
is not a newspaper in the land that dare
speak against the telegraph. Perhaps it is not
every Senator who dares to speak against, the
Associated Press. Although I think my friend
is not wanting in courage, he understands just
as well as I do, we have heard it here and we
have heard it elsewhere, that the Associated
Press, by its extravagant misrepresentations
of things—because I am not at all afraid to
call attention to the fact that the agents of the
Associated Press do misrepresent and distort
things strangely, as I think in the interest of
one political party and against the other
Mr. POMERO Y. So I think.
Mr. CONKLING. Nobody can doubt it.
Why, Mr. President, I have read—if my friend
from South Carolina will pardon me, speaking
as I am in his time—I have read, not only by
way of omission here, dropping out of the
proceedings of this body the great bulk and
' substance of them during the day, such strange
perversions as would mislead the public as to
the whole occupation of the Senate for the
day, but I have seen put by the report of the
Associated Press into the mouths of Senators
"what they never uttered ; I have seen stated
what never took place ; and I understand per-
fectly the hazard at which I call-attention to it
now. I understand how entirely I am at the
mercy of those who sit as the guests of the
Senate, reporting (using a misapplied term)
what they choose ; and yet I call attention to
the fact, and I know how deep down among
the foundations of this bill that fact is, that
men and a political party North and South are
annoyed, misrepresented, injured grievously
by this Associated Press. _ .
I know in my own State particular individ-
uals, speaking in a particular interest, may
utter anything they please on any occasion,
however partisan it may be, whatever feeling
may actuate them, and no objection is round
to it by the Associated Press; it finds full vent
and statement in extenso m the newspapers;
and I know tbat if another man, who cham-
pions the other side, expresses his sentiments
upon kindred topics, that is "partisan, and
it must not go into the Associated Press; and
gentlemen whom I meet in the cars and meet
elsewhere will explain to me most amiably
and most extensively the reason why such and
such a thing cannot appear in the Associated
Press, because it is partisan, although, if it is
only uttered on. the other side, it is stated
in extenso and with embellishments.
Mr. NYE. Columns of it.
Mr. CONKLING. As my friend says, col-
umns of it. Now, sir, a man must be a tyro
in the art of politics, if that term is applicable
to such a thing, who does not understand the
ease with which prejudice may be raised either
against the Associated Press or against the
telegraph as the vehicle of the Associated
Press, by calling attention to the bias, North
and South, which is supposed to govern and to
actuate it.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me, I must protest, not against his oocupying
the time, because I would rather hear him
speak than speak myself, but against his mak-
ing this sermon on any text that X have enun-
ciated.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of my
friend. One thing we agree upon, that it is a
great deal easier to listen to somebody else
than talk yourself. He affirms that proposition,
and I agree with him. 1 did not mean to
speak in his time. I only rose to take excep-
tion to what 1 thought was not an inexcusable
attempt of my friend to becloud, innocently
and parliamentary speaking, the Senate by
bringing in the information that some paper
on the Pacific coast, if it was that, which he
presented to the Senator from Nevada, and
some other newspaper somewhere else, were
deprived of news or required to take certain
news because of the telegraph. I rose upon
that suggestion to exonerate the telegraph as
truth would permit me from that charge. I
do not believe it. On the contrary if my friend
(and here I will stop my encroachments
upon his time) will organize, and nobody
can do it better than he, if he would turn the
Carnot of the Associated Press and organ-
ize differently an associated press, an asso-
ciated press bent upon telling the truth or
bent upon giving a Republican, not a Demo-
cratic bias to the truth, he would find the tele-
graph just as open as it is now and at rates'just
as reasonable. It was to impress upon him
that fact in answer to his suggestion that 1
rose. I am aware that I have trespassed too
far upon his good nature, and I beg the Sen-
ator's pardon.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator cannot tres-
pass on my good nature for "him, but I take my
authority from the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads. The committee say in their
report:
" The press depends upon the telegraph for the
transmission of news, and the telegraph company
upon the press to aid it against attacks, lhe com-
pany regulate the rates and has the power to raise
thetn for one paper and reduce them tor another, in
1869 it raised the rates of the San Francisco Herald
one hundred and twenty-two per cent., or from b.U
certs per word to 15.38 ccnts. lhis rate the Hcra.lu
Waa unable to pay ; it lost the news and soon tailed.
There is the authoritative statement made
by the chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads in this public docu-
ment. I believe it. I have no doubt of it
whatever. ,
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to ask
my friend from South Carolina a question. 1
observe in the fifth section of the bill it says,
" special contracts may be made with railroad
companies relating to the telegraphic business
on the line of such railroads; also with asso-
ciations and with the press for the transmis-
sion of commercial and press news. JNow,
shall we not be liable to the same abuse under
this bill that we are at present? _ .
Mr. SAWYER. Not at all; because it is
ot>en to any association to make a contract.
Mr. PATTERSON. Why isit not opennow
in the same way ? You can make a contract
with any association you please.
Mr. SAWYER. It so happens that now
the Associated Press has got the field, and the
New York Associated Press and the telegraph
are coworkers in this matter. I do not know
that it is not competent to go to the Western
Union Telegraph or to any other association
and make contracts ; I suppose if. is ; but. it is
the rates at which the Western Union make
the contract, that makes t.he oppression. It is
the fact that the Western Union is entirely a
private corporation, uncontrolled except by its
own self interests and occupying a position of
monopoly. It has watered its stock until
what was originally a very small amount, I
believe less than three millions, and I do not
know but less than one million, has come to
be now over forty millions, and nearly all of
that has been by making stock dividends.
The total of stock and cash dividends and net
earnings of the Western Union_ Telegraph
Company up to the present time is given by
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
as $41,292,973. Of that amount stock divi-
dends were made to the amount of $26,154,800;
cash dividends between 1858 and 1866,
$4,157,242, and their net earnings from
January 7, 1806, to July, 1870, $10,980,931 ;
making a total from 1858 to I860 of $41,292,-
973. It is perfectly safet.o assert that tiad the
original capital invested in those telegraph
companies paid twenty-five per cent, per
annum, they would not have made forty-one
million dividends or ten, probably not five mil-
lion dividends. On one occasion they made
a stock dividend of four hundred and fourteen
per cent.; and out of whom did this come?
It came out of the public.
The Postmaster General and the Committee
on Post Offices and Post lloads believe that
telegraphing can be done for the American
people at a lower rate. They propose to unite
the postal system with the telegraphic system,
following in the path of other and older nations
who have tried the experiment and have suc-
ceeded in it. They have not rushed into this
scheme blindly. They have examined^ the
experience of other nations carefully. This
bill has been carefully considered.
I differ with my honorable fiiend from New
York in the opinion as to whether it will pass
or not. It may not pass to-night; it may not
pass at this session;" but that the American
people will adopt this system, in substance,
within the next two years is as certain as any-
thing of which we have no absolute demon-
strable proof. The people want this system.
It is demonstrable that it will save the people
millions ot money every year, at the same
time that it does not give to the executive
department of the Government any powers
which it is not perfectly safe for that depart-
ment to possess. It. does not fill the country
with a legion of officeholders. There is no
officer appointed by the Government under
this system, except a Fourth Assistant 1 ost-
master General.
There was a system presented at the last
Congress by which, I believe, it was proposed
to purchase the Western Uuion lelegrapu
Company's lines, and all the telegraphic lines
in the country, and let the Government appoint
telegraphic operators and monopolize tele-
graphic business all over the country. There
were grave objections to that, lhe numbei of
officeholders would have been immense. Some-
thing like ten thousand people are employed
in manipulating and carrying on the telegraphic
operations of this country. The placing in
the hands of the executive department ot the
appointment of ten thousand new officehold-
ers would meet with objections which, in the
present temper of the public mind, would be
insuperable. But this bill proposes to do no
such thing. It simply gives power to the Gov-
ernment to examine into and watch the proceed-
ings of this company, to see that their business
is carried on fairly and properly, to see that
they violate no public or private trust, and
to see that the profits which they reap from
the capital invested are not, exorbitant. It
protects the public; it protects the Govern-
