1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81Y
Laics of the United States.
42D CONG,... 2 >
tion, and hliu.ll, on conviction thereof, be pun-
ished by fine noi exceeding one thousand dol-
lars, or by imprisonment not exceeding six
month-), or by both sueti fine and imprisonment,
according to the aggravation of the offence.
Awkoikd, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXXI.—An Act to extend the pro-
visions of an Act entitled "An Act far the
final Adjustment of Private Land Claims
in the States of Florida, Louisiaua, and
Mi.s.suuii, and (or other purposes."
lit itenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentative* oj the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Tliat the provisions of
the act emiiled "An Act for the final adjust-
ment of private land claims m the States of
Fiorida. Louisiana, and Missouri, and for
oilier purposes,'' approved June twenty-sec-
ond, eighteen hundred and sixty, be, and the
same are hereby, extended, and the sameshail
continue in force for a period of three years
from and alter the passage of this act.
Sec. 2. That all persons claiming land as
speciiied in the first section of said act may
have their claims coutirmed, in accordance
with the forms and in the manner prescribed
in said act, in all cases where it shall be satis-
factorily proved that the claimants, and those
from whom they derive title, have held con-
tinuous possession of the Sand claimed, from
the date ol the cession to the United States
of the territory out of which the Stares of
Floiida, Louisiana, and Missouri wereformed.
Ai'i'uoved, June 1U, 1872.
Chap. CDXXII.—An Act to authorize the Con-
struction ol a Bridge aeross the Mississippi
river at or near the City of Red Wing, in
the fetaie of Minnesota, and to establish it
as a Post Road.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be lawful for
uny person or persons, company or corpora-
tion, being lirst thereto authorized by the
Legislatures of Minnesota and Wisconsin re-
spectively, to build a bridge across the Missis-
sippi river, at or near the city of Red Wing,
m the State of Minnesota, and to lay on or
over said bridge railway tracks for the more
perfect connection of any railroads that are,
or shail be, constructed to the said river at
or opposite said point, under the limitations
and conditions hereinafter provided; that said
bridge shall not interfere with the free naviga-
tion of said river beyond what is necessary in
Older to carry into effect the rights and privi-
leges hereby granted; and in case of ativ liti-
gation arising from any obstruction, or alleged
obstruction, to the free navigation of said
river, ihe cause may be tried before the dis-
trict court of the United States of any State
in which any portion of said obstruction or
bridge touches.
Slc. 2. That uny bridge built under the pro-
visions of this act may, at the option of the
company building the same, be built as a draw-
budge, wuh a pivot or other foitnof draw, or
with unbroken or continuous spans: Provided,
That if the said bridge shall be made with
unbroken and continuous spans, it shall not
bo of less elevation, in any case, than fifty feet
above extreme high-water mark, as under-
stood at the point of location, to the bottom
choid of the bridge; nor shall the spans of
said bridge be less than two hundred and fiity
feet in length, and the piers of said bridge
shall be parallel with the current uf the river,
and the m.tin span shall be over the main
channel of the river, and not, less limn tl.iee
liundicd feet in length: And pioi;idt.J also,
'lliat if uny bridge built, under this act shall
be constructed as a draw-bridge, the same hall
be constructed as a pivot draw-biidge, with a
42l> (Jono. 2d S ess.-—No. 52.
draw over the main channel of the river at an
accessible and navigable point, and with spans
of not less than one hundred and sixty feet in
length in the clear on each side of the central
or pivot pier of the draw ; and the next ad-
joining spans to the draw shall not be less
than two hundred and fifty feet; and said
spans shall not be less than thirty feet above
low-water mark, and not less than ten above
extreme high-water mark, measuring to the
bottom chord of the bridge; and the piers of
said bridge shall be parallel with the current
of the river: And provided also, That said
draw shall be opened promptly, upon reason-
able signal, for the passage of boats ; and in
no case shall unnecessary delay occur in open-
ing the said draw during or after the passage
of trains.
Sec. 3. That any bridge constructed under
this act, and according to its limitations, shall
be a lawful structure, and shall be known and
recognized as a post route, upon which, also,
no higher charge shall be made for the trans-
mission over the same of the mails, the troops,
and the munitions of war of the United States
than the rate per mile paid for their transport-
ation over tile railroads or public highways
leading to the said bridge, and the United
States shall have the right of way for postal
telegraph purposes across said bridge.
Sec. 4. That all railway companies desiring
to use said bridge shall have and be entitled
to equal rights and privileges in the passage
of the same, and in the use of the machinery
and fixtures thereof, and of all the approaches
thereto, under and upon such terms and con-
ditions as sball be prescribed by the Secretary
of War, upon hearing; the allegations and
proofs of the parties in case they shall not
agree.
Sec. 5. That the plan and specifications,
with the necessary drawings of said bridge,
shall be submitted to the Secretary of War
for his approval, and until he approve the
plan and location of said bridge it shall not
be buitt or commenced; aud should any
change be made in the plan of said bridge
during the progress of the work thereon, such
changes shall be subject to the approval of the
Secretary of War; and all changes in the
construction of said bridge that may be
directed by Congress shall be made at the
cost aud expense of the owners thereof.
Sec. 0. That the right to alter or amend
this act, so as to prevent or remove all mate-
rial obstructions to the navigation of said
river by the construction of bridges, is hereby
expie.ssly reserved.
Approved, Juue 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXXIII.—An Act to authorize the
Sale of certain Public Property.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
reseniatives of the United States of Ame.rica in
Congress assembled, 'lhat the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to sell, in whole or in such subdi-
visions as shall, in his opinion, secure the
greatest amount of money, either by public
auction or by inviting proposals for the pur-
chase (hereof, and in either case to the high-
est bidder, all the lands and tenements belong-
ing to the United States, at Rome. ^,ew\ork:
Vergcnues, Vermont; Fayetteviile, North
Carolina; Mount Vernon, Alabama: and
Chattahoochee. Florida, now or heretofore
used for ar.-eual purposes, and known, respect-
ivelv, as Rome arsenal, Cliatnpiain arsena.,
North Carolina arsenal, Mount \ ernon arse«.'.l,
aud ApalacUicola arsenal; aiso the captuieU
lands and tenements belonging to tne Jiiit-u
States at Shreveport, Lo.ii> a a s Marsitsul
and Jefferson, Texas; aud in Marion and
Davis counties, Texas; and a tract of tortj
acres of land, more or less, situated about two
and one half miles from the present United
States arsenal at Augusta, Georgia, which com-
prises the site of the old United States arsenal
and any adjoining land purchased by the
so-called "confederate States,"'which fell to
the United States as captured property, and
which has hitherto been sold, ■ and all the
material and buildings of the powder-works
erected by the so-called "confederate" gov-
ernment thereon: Provided, That no sale
shall be made under this act until the time,
terms, place, and mode thereof shall have
been published in one of the principal news-
papers in the city of Washington, in two of
the principal papers printed at the capital of
the State, and one paper printed in the county
in which the arsenal or lands to be sold are
situated, for the space of sixty days prior to
the sale. If no newspaper is printed in the
county where the property to be sold is situ-
ated, then the notice shall be published in a
newspaper printed in any adjoining county.
Sec. 2. That the terms of' payment for the
property above directed to be sold shall-be in
all cases not less than one fourth cash and the
remainder on a credit of one, two, and three
years, with interest at six per centum per
annum, secured by land [bond] and surety
from the purchaser or purchasers; and the
Secretary of War is empowered and required,
on receiving the purchase-money in full, to
execute all necessary deeds of said property
to the purchaser or purchasers thereof on
behalf of the United States.
Sec. 3. That the proceeds of said sales,
after paying the necessary expenses thereof,
shall, upon receipt of the same, be paid by
the Secretary of War into the Treasury.
Approved, Juue 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXXIV.—An Act for the Restoration
to Market of certain Lands in Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of ihe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all the lands re-
maining undisposed of in the reservation made
for the Ottawa aud Chippewa Indianso.f Mich-
igan by the treaty of July thirty-first, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, shall be restored to
market by proper notice, under directioh of
the Secretary of the Interior, as hereinafter
provided.
Sec. 2. That said unoccupied lands shall be
open to homestead entry for six months from
the passage of this act by Indians only of said
tribes who shall hare not made selections o;
purchases under said treaty, including- saeh
members of said tribes as have become of age
since the expiration of the ten years namedin
the treaty; and any Indian so entitled shall be
permitted to make bis homestead entry at the
local office within the six months aforesaid of
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, or
one quarter section of minimum, or eighty
acres of double minimum laud, on making
proper proof of his right under such rules as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Interior : Provided, That the collector of cus-
toms for the district m which said land is sit-
uated is hereby authorized, and it is made his
duty to select tor such minor children as would
be entitled under this law as heirs of any
Indian.
Sec. 3. That all actual, permanent, bona
fide settlers on any ot said lauds who settled
prior to the first day of January, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, shall be entitled
to enter either under the homestead laws^ or
to pay for at the minimum or double mini-
mum price, as the case may be, not exceed-
ing one hundred nuu sixty acres of the former
or eighty acres of the latter class ot land on
making proof ot' his settlement and continued
residence before the expiration of six months
from the passage of this act.
