870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
to the Constitution of tie United States, the
pending question being on the amendment of.
Mr. Carpenter to the amendment of Mr.
Sumner.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am ill this morning,
and I shall yield the floor for the present to
any gentleman who wishes to occupy it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Previous to the
debate commencing, the Secretary will report
the modified amendment to the amendment,
the Senator from Wisconsin having modified
hisproposition since it was originally reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Whoever, being a corporation or natural person,
and owner, or in charge of any publio inn; or of
any place of publio amusement or entertainment
for which a license from any legal authority is re-
quired; or of any lino of stage-coaches, railroad,
or other means of publio carriage of passengers or
freight; or of any cemetery, or other benevolent in-
stitutions, or any publioschoolsupported, in whole or
in part, at public expense or by endowment for public
use, shall make any distinction as to admission or
accommodation therein, of any oitizen of the United
States, becauso of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, shall, on conviction thereof, be fined
not less than $500 nor more than $5,000 for each
offense; and the person or corporation so offending
shall be liable to the citizens thereby injured, in
damages to be recovered in an action of debt.
Sec. —. That the offenses under this act, and ao-
tions to recover damages, may bo prosecuted beforo
any territorial, district, orcircuitcourtof theUnited
States haviw jurisdiction of crimes at the plaoo
where the offense was charged to have been com-
mitted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to this amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CARPENTER. I believe the yeas and
nays havo been ordered on that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They were or-
dered on the amendment as originally offered,
but not on the amendment as modified.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then I call for tho
yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I stated a few moments ago
in the Senate that I had already voted for the
original proposition offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, and should do so again.
That statement needed a little qualification.
Giving to the subject all that consideration of
which I am capable, and taking the present
aspect of the country into account, I am in-
clined to vote, first, for the amendment to the
amendment, offered by the Senator from Wis-
consin ; and that failing, I shall still continue
to vote for the original proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken
I wish the Senate to consider thu difference
between the two propositions. The substitute
moved bythe Senator from Wisconsin is iden-
tical in substance with the first section of
whatisknown as the supplementary civil rights
bill, except that it is not applicable to churches.
That is the single point of difference between
the substitute of the Senator and the first sec-
tion of my amendment. Now, sir, I feel it
my duty to ask the Senate to consider whether
they are . willing to make that exception;
whether when adopting this crowning act tliey
are willing to leave it incomplete, so that here-
after there shall be other complaints, and we
shall bo called perhaps to legislate again. Why
not do entirely the work we commence?
Against the completeness which I invite, I
hear but a single objection, and that is that
requiring equality without distinction of color
m churches incorporated by law will impinge
upon that provision of the Constitution which
forbids   religious test. I have already said
that I could not see the weight of that consid-
eration. I do not see its application to this
case. I do not see how the requirement of
equality in all organizations incorporated by
law can m any way interfere with the inhibi-
tion upon a religious establishment. I do not
understand it. I have reflected upon it care-
tully; i havo listened to what has been said
on that,question; but I still fail to see the
bearing of the objection. I hope that Sena-
tors before they vote on the proposed substi-
tute will carefully consider whether they are
willing to exclude churches from the opera-
tion of the great rule of equality before the
law.
That, sir, is the first difference between the
two propositions; but there are other differ-
ences, both of substance and of machinery.
The amendment introduced by me, as you are
aware, contains besides its tirst section, an-
other with reference to juries. That is omitted
by the Senator from Wisconsin. It contains
also another, invalidating " every law, statute,
ordinance, regulation, or custom inconsistent
with this act, or making any discriminations
against any person on account of color by the
use of the word 'white.'" That is omitted
also in the substitute. Then, besides, is what I
have called the machinery for the enforcement
of the act. My amendment is called supple-
mentary to the civil rights act. It takes advant-
age of that act, founds itself upon the same
principle of constitutional law, and employs
the machinery already devised. For instance,
in the third section of the amendment, it is
provided—
That tho same jurisdiction and powers arehere-
by conferred, and the same duties enjoined upon,
thecourtfl and officers of tho United States, in the
execution of this act, as are conferred and enjoined
upon such courts and officers in sections three, four,
five, sevon, and ten of an act ontitled "An act to
protect all persons in the United States in their
civil rights, and to furnish the means of their vin-
dication."
Now, I ask Senators whether they are will-
ing to give up this machinery? It has beeij
found valuable in the civil rights act. Will it
not be of equal value in this supplementary
act? If there was occasion for it in the first,
is there not equal occasion for it in the second?
I submit that there is, and I hope Senators
will not hastily set aside this important prac-
tical way of enforcing the provisions of the
law. You will see, therefore, that there are
at least four essential points of difference be-
tween my amendment and the proposed sub
stitute. Thefirstvelatestoehurches; theseeond
relates to juries ; the third relates to the word
"white" wherever it occurs in ordinances
and statutes; and the fourth relates to the
machinery. Now, I appeal to Senators who
are in earnest to provide for the security of
equal rights not to adopt the weaker proposi-
tion. Let us do our work not only well, but
thoroughly, completely; and I submit that it
can be done in that way only by adhering to
the amendment introduced by me. I hope,
therefore, that Senators who are willing to
stand by the equal rights of their colored
fellow citizens, will stand by the original
proposition.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not desire to make any extended
remarks, either upon the original bill or upon
the amendment. For three years I have en-
deavored to obtain a vote of the Senate upon
the question of the removal of political dis-
abilities. The time has oomo now when it
seems as if such a vote might be taken upon
that bill unembarrassed by other, and not ger-
mane, considerations. Because 1 desire to see
that bill passed, because now the period has
come when circumstances render it more likely
that it may be passed than on any former occa-
sion, I shall vote against every amendment to
it, against the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, and against the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and especially
against these amendments because they, in
their very nature, are the deadliest enemies
of the bill.
No one either in this branch of Congress or
in the other expects that the bill for the
removal of political disabilities can be passed
and become a law if either the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin or that of the
Senator from Massachusetts shall prevail. I
am endeavoring to legislate so as to make the
bill for the removal of political disabilities
become a law. When the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and the Senator from Wisconsin
shall bring their propositions before the Sen-
ate in an independent form, I will vote upon
them according as my conscience shall pre-
scribe; but here and now I cannot but regard
them as a betrayal of the bill for the removal
of political disabilities. I cannot but regard
the amendment as offered here as an assassin
of that bill, which stabs it in the back on the
pretense of embracing it; and I do hope that
every one who really wishes a general removal
of political disabilities (ftjr this bill goes no
further) will unite in excluding all amend-
ments, and let us come to that question which
has so long been before the country.
Mr. CONKLING. Will it interrupt the
Senator if I should ask him a question ?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator be kind
enough, for my instruction, to state his rea-
sons for the conclusion he has been affirming?
Why, as he once said, if this amendment were
adopted, will the bill fail; and why does he
deem this, in his very strong language, an
attempt to assassinate the disability bill?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. As I re-
marked before, Mr. President, I think every
person understands that such is the constitu-
tion of one of the branches of Congress between
the two great political parties of the day that
the bill for the removal of political disabilities,
if incumbered with this amendment, cannot
in point of fact become a law,
Mr. CONKLING. Will my honorable friend
indulge me there for a moment?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecti'cut. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Perhaps the difference
of understanding between us grows rather out
of a different understanding of the parliament-
ary law than of the fact. The House by a two-
thirds vote has adopted the measure before us.
Suppose we pass it, but before doing so, add
an amendment to it. In the House the ques-
tion will be on concurring in that amendment.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut seems
to suppose that a two-thirds vote upon the
question of concurrence will be necessary in
the House. I do not so understand it. On the
contrary, I understand Senators here to have
argued that the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, as likewise the amend-
mentof my friend from Wisconsin, is especially
legislative, so unlike the character of the
original bill as to be hardly in order; not at
all in order some have said ; but I suggest to
the Senator that the amendment being added,
whatever may be thought of its merits, a ma-
jority vote will carry it in the House ; and is
the honorable Senator authorized to say, or
is he prepared to believe, that with a working
majority belonging to the party to which ho
belongs, in the House, a proper bill insuring
civil rights to all men will fail of a majority
vote?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I disagree
in the first place with the Senator from New
York in reference to the parliamentary law.
He may be more correct than myself, but I do
not believe that this amendment can become a
part of the bill in the House of Representatives
and come back to tho Senate adopted by that
branch of Congress without a two-thirds vote
of the House. But if I am in error in this
respect I do understand that, as the House of
Representatives is constituted, a majority of
that House cannot be obtained for the passage
of the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
The Senator asks whether I am of opinion
that a proper bill for the security of civil rights
cannot pass Congress. That is a very different
question. The amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, in my judgment, strikes down
the very bulwarks of civil rights throughout this
whole country. It takes away the foundation
principle upon which our Federal system rests
by striking at the principle of local self-gov-
ernment the most vital blow that it has received
