2662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
last resort may be at liberty to disregard, but
which, it is respectfully submitted, should con-
vince and command the reason and judgment
of every impartial mind.
- The case of McKee vs. Young, (Digest
422-481) arose out of the congressional elec-
tion in the ninth district of Kentucky in 1867.
The committee - held that certain election
officers participated in the rebellion, and that
by the laws of the State of Kentucky and
of the United States such act rendered them
ineligible as election officers. And the com-
mittee said:
" It has long been hold that if the officers of elec-
tion are not capable of holding the ofliee, the elec-
tion has no moro validity than would an election
where no officers whatever were appointed. It is
otherwise where persons capable of holding the
offiee are appointed, although they may not have
eomplied with the forms of the law,"
And the committee refer for authority to
the cases cited by contestee.
McKee vs. Young arose out of the midst of
the burning animosities which yet survived
the then recent termination of the war. It
was complicated with the disturbing topic of
the votes of returned southern soldiers who
had laid down their arms and sought to resume
the privileges and responsibilities of citizens
of States pacified and a Union restored. It
was an unfavorable time for impartial judg-
ment. And it will not, perhaps, be thought
invidious to say that the conclusion arrived
at in that case upon this question was against
the great weight of authority and not in con-
formity with that cloudless reason and enlight-
ened policy which two or three years later, in
a happier era, dictated the decision of the
committee, and of this House in the case of
Barues vs.- Adams.
In Eggleston vs. Strader (Digest, 897,) from
Ohio, in 1870, the doctrine of Barnes vs.
Adams was reiterated and again applied by
the committee and the House. In that case
in the first ward iu the first congressional dis-
trict in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, Malloy
wan one of the judges of the election. After
the polls were opened,and about seven o'clock
in the morning, he left the polls. Prior to
leaving he requested Fiedelday to fill his place.
He did so. Malloy returned about eleven
o'clock and relieved Fiedelday for a short in-
terval, when ho again substituted Fiedelday,
and left and remained absent until three o'clock.
Finally, Fiedelday and the regular officers of
the election strung the ballots, closed the polls,
and attested the poll-books and tally-sheets.
During the intervals when Malloy was acting
as judge and Fiedelday was not the latter was
outside electioneering for one of the candi-
dates and betting money on the result, and
gave and took the lie.
But the committee say there was no blemish
or suspicion of fraud. In this state of fact
the contestant insisted upon the rejection of
the vole at that poll. He claimed that the
whole day's proceedings were invalid—that
there was no lawful election board, that Fied-
elday was no judge, that he was a mere
usurper and his acts void. The committee
overruled him and sustained the poll. And
they said:
. " It is well settled in law that, so far as the public
is concerned, the acts of one who claims to be a
public officer, judicial or ministerial, under a show
of title or color of right, will bo sustained. Such a
person is iu officer in fact, if not in law, and inno-
cent parties or the public will bo protected in so
considering and trusting them. This principle will
not bo questioned, it is believed. The highest au-
thorities and courts have maintained it." - *
* * "It takes but little to constitute an officer
de facto as affects therightsof the public. The exer-
cise of apparent authority under color of right,
thus inviting public trust and negativing the idea,
of usurpation is sufficient." * * ' *
"There must be some color of an election or ap-
pointment, or such an exercise of the office, and an
acquiescence on the part of the public as would
afiord a reasonable presumption of at least color-
able election or appointment."
They refer to the contested-election case of
Grosvenor vs. Golden in the Legislature of the
State of Ohio in 1866, in which that body re-
fused to exclude a poll because one of the elec-
tion judges was disqualified, and allowed it to
be counted on the ground that the person was
an officer de facto.
The report in Eggleston vs. Straderwas sub-
mitted by the distinguished gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Hale.] And that branch of the
case was concluded with these enlightened and
ennobling views:
" If the House of Representatives has ever, moved
by partisan bias, established a precedent opposed
to this conclusion, thecommittee haveno hesitation
ill saying that itdeclines to be governed by any such
precedent. It has been shown that if such prece-
dent can be found, it is also true that the contrary
principle has been more than once recognized and
acted upon. Even if this were not so it is never too
late to do justice. That requires that the poll in the
first ward shall bo counted, notwithstanding the
irregularities attending it."
The last case is that of Sheafe vs. Tillman,
(Digest, 907,) from Tennessee in 1871. Cer-
tain polls in the county of Lincoln were re-
jected, not upon the ground of ineligibility of
officers of election, but upon the ground that
the election officers were illegally appointed,
coupled with these paramount causes: no ade-
quate notice of the election ; no election held
in eighteen out of' twenty-five election dis-
tricts in the county ; prevalence of a general
understanding among the electors that there
were no officers legally appointed to hold the
election; and, finally, no attendance at the
polls of great masses of the people upon those
accounts. And moreover, in this case the
committee annouace their approval of and
adherence to the doctrine of Barnes us. Adams.
certificate—hendricks township.
22. In west precinct, township of Hendricks,
county of Shelby, the precinct judges failed to
make out a signed and attested certificate
stating in written words the number of votes
eacli person received, designating the office,
&c., and return the same, along with the poll
lists and tally-papers, to the county board of
canvassers. Vote for contestant, 129; for
contestee, 40; majority for contestant, 89.
The evidence establishes these facts :
First. The election at this precinct was fully,
fairly, legally, and impartially conducted.
iSecond, The poll-lists, tally papers, and bal-
lots were all properly returned and preserved,
and are all now m proof before the committee
and the House.
Third. The votes returned and counted for
both contestee and contestant are precisely in
conformity with the poll lists, tally-papers, and
ballots.
Fourth. The certificate was omitted by mis-
take satisfactorily explained under oath by the
inspector of the poll, Henry L. Ross, who
swears and deposes that—
" It was two o'clock in the morning when we got
through; we signed the tally-sheets, and we wero
tired; the other officers requested mo to sign their
names when I got home to the certificates; but
when I got home my family was sick and I neglected
it, and it was not signed at all."
By an -examination of the law and the
precedents sanctioned by this House it will
be seen not only that the House may dis-
pense with such certificate when necessary to
give effect to the integrity of the return and
the voice of the voters, but that it may and
will when so required give effect to both the
one and the other by disregarding the certifi-
cate and going behind it, and even contradict-
ing it.
The following is the local law relied on in
support of this specification, (1 G. & H., 311,)
act of June 7, 1852:
"Sec.31. When the votes shall be counted the
board of judges shall make out a certificate under
fheir hands stating the number of votes each person
has received, and designating the office, which num-
ber shall bo written in words: and such certificate,
together with one of the lists of voterb, and one
of the taliy-papers, shall be deposited with the in-
spector, or with one of the judges selected by the
board of judges.
"Sec. 82, The inspector of each township or pre-
cinct, or judge of election, to whom such poll-book
and tally-payers shall have been delivered, shall
constitute a board of canvassers, who shall canvass
and estimate the certificates, poll-lists, a.nd tally-
papers returned by each member of said board, for
which purpose they shall assemble at the court-
house on Thursday next succeeding such election,
between the hours of ten a. m. and six o'clock p. m.
"Sec. 34. Such board, when organized,shall care-
fully compare and examine the papers intrusted to
them ; estimate from them the vote of the county, a
statement of which shall be drawn up by the clerk,
and shall contain the number of persons voted for,
the office, the number of votes given in each town-
ship to each person, the number of votes given to
each in the county, and also the aggregate number
of votes given, which statement shall be signed by
each member of said board, and, with such certifi-
cates, poll-books, and tally-papers, delivered to the
clerk, and by him filed in his office."
In support of this specification the following
cases are relied ou: Draper vs. Johnson, (1
Election Cases, 702;) Blair vs. Barrett, (2
Election Cases, 315 ;) Chrisman vs. Anderson,
(2 Election .Cases, 331-334;) Otero vs. Galle-
gos. (2 Election Cases, 182;) McFarland vs.
Culpepper, (1 Election Cases, 221;) Easton vs.
Scott, (1 Election Cases, 272;) Bennett vs.
Chapman, (2 Election Cases, 205.)
In Draper vs. Johnson, (Virginia, 1832,) it
appeared the law of Virginia required the
sheriff and other officers of election to be
sworn. The deputy sheriff at a poll in the
county of Wythe was sot sworn. And the
committee were of the opinion that the omis-
sion vitiated the entire poll, and they rejected
it, in the face of uncontradicted proof that
the election was conducted and completed in
all other respects fairly, impartially, and legal-
ly. This was clearly against reason, against
popular elections, and .is against a resistless
current of later and more matured authoiities.
The taking of the oath by the officer prepara-
tory to the election cannot properly be said to
be essential or substantive to the election itself.
It is no more than a formality directed and
enjoined to secure a full, fair, and impartial
election. And it would seem that the conclu-
sion arrived at by thecommittee was manifestly
misjudged. The oath of the officer was simply
a means, not the end. If the end was secured
without the means, that was sufficient so far as
the public and other parties are concerned,
and the invalidation of the former because of
the mere omission of the latter would be most
irrational.
This is shown in this very case by the sub-
sequent ruling of thecommittee touching other
points. The law required the return of the
poll-books to the clerk's office of the county
within a time specified. It was not done in
the county of Russell. Now, upon every prin-
ciple of law and sound policy, this return
within the time specified was just as essential
and substantive to the election itself as the
preparatory oath of the sheriff, perhaps more
so. But like that it was merely directed and
enjoined to secure a full, fair, and impartial
election. And the committee on this point very
justly held that the omission to return the poll-
books within the time specified by the law did
not vitiate the polls. But those two rulings in
the same case cannot be reconciled either upon
law or expediency. The committee go on to
say the omitted return involved a mere non-
compliance with a directory provision of the
law. And as the poll-book was subsequently
returned and filed in the proper office, It must
be upheld.
Another point in this case was that iu the
county of Washington the officers conducting
the election were not qualified according to
law. Upon this point the committee say:
"Thecommittee are of the opinion that it is suffi-
cient, that the officers acted colore officii, and that no
other persons claimed the right."
And, upon looking further into this case, it
will be observed that the committee having
sustained a technical objection, and excluded
the poll because the sheriff was not sworn, felt
constrained to report a resolution vacating the
seat, and remitting the case back to the people
for a new election, which, however, the House
rejected. It is manifest that the reasoning
and decision of this case on the part of the
