1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1767
New Orleans, in French territory, to obtain
the refunding of the duties paid on those goods.
Another statute, passed not very many years
ago, provided that merchants exporting goods
to Santa F6, New Mexico, should have the
■duties refunded. On the very same character
■of goods duties were received, and if they
were exported anywhere else the duty was not
refunded, but if exported to this particular
place, the duty was refunded.. According to
the Senator's doctrine, the refunding of duties
being required to be in accordance with the
provision for laying duties, this would have
been a discrimination, and have been uncon-
stitutional.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will par-
don me. To come exactly to the point, be-
cause that is the quickest way for two lawyers
to get together on a legal proposition, I think
the error the Senator makes is in construing
the word "uniform" in that connection in the
Constitution. I do not understand that it
requires that the Government, for instance, in
laying duties upon molasses, should lay pre-
cisely the same amount upon every gallon of
molasses. What it requires is that the duties
■which it does lay and all the provisions it
makes in regard to imposing duties on molas-
ses shall have the same operation in one State
of the Union that it does in another. In
other words, uniformity is as to territory and
not as to the article.
Mr. LOGAN. I think I understand the
Senator. I did not know that I could cause
him to explain so often, he being so good a
lawyer ; but I think I understand him. He
says it applies to territory and not to the arti-
cle. Hence you may assess a duty of fifty
cents a yard upon a certain quality of silk,
and thirty cents a yard on the same quality
of silk. Is that what the gentleman means as
to laying a uniform duty?
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator certainly
cannot misunderstand me upon that point.
Mr. LOGAN. No, I do not misunderstand
the gentleman.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the law provides
that a certain duty shall belaid upon silk, of
a certain quality fifty cents, silk of another
quality thirty cents, $nd that silk of another
quality shall come in free, if that law is applied
equally to every State in the Union it. is con-
stitutional ; in other words, it is a uniform
tariff on silk, uniform as to territory, not
uniform on all silk.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not talking about all
silks. I think I can make myself understood
before the Senate if I am permitted to do it.
Whether this uniformity applies to territory,
or to the article, or to individuals, let us see
how the argument comports with what he said
awhile ago. I am not speaking of silk of
different kinds; I am speaking of silk of a
particular kind. If 1 import silk of a particu-
lar kind, and you import silk of a particular
bind, and a duty of fifty cents a yard is levied
applicable to the article itself; it could not be
uniform: and yet when I put the case of mo-
lasses the duty is uniform ; it- is five cents per
gallon ; but on the molasses used for a certain
purpose the duty is refunded. That was the
point I was making. Hence the uniformity
applies to the article as well as to the indi-
vidual, and to the individual as well as to the
article, and therefore it is not the refunding
of a duty, but it is the laying of a duty on the
article.
- Now, let us go a little further. At different
/ times in this country the Congress of the Uni-
I ted States has passed acts making discrimina-
! tions between different countries, and I pre-
/ sume there is not a Senator here who is not
familiar with the history of the tariff in this
1 country. At certain times tonnage duties of
a particular amount have been laid on vessels
coming from foreign countries, and certain
duties on articles imported from thence to this
country; but with a provision that whenever
the foreign country referred to, whether South
America, France, or any other, laid a uniform
tonnage duty equal to ours or less than ours,
or a duty on articles imported less than ours,
there should be an equalization of the duties
and the law should cease to operate; but other-
wise it'should stand. I could cite you a num-
ber of cases where our tonnage duty was so
much per ton, and it was provided that when a
country that had commerce with us reduced
its duties below that, we should reduce ours so
as to equalize them with the countries we were
on favorable terms with in reference to com-
merce. As to other countries that did not do
that we allowed our tonnage duties to remain.
Was that laying a uniform tonnage duty on
vessels? Why was that? And yet that was
done. That has never been criticised, and it
has been done time and again by men who
understood the Constitution as well as we do.
But that is not a parallel case. I only cite
it to show somewhat the history of legislation
in reference to duties in this country. But
now I will put a case to the Senator and see
whether that is in accordance with this or not.
The State of Kentucky is engaged very ex-
tensively in distilling Bourbon whisky. I do
not cite the ease as applicable, but am merely
putting a case to see whether it would be ap-
plicable to this or not. Suppose Congress
should say that all copper stills of a certain
size and form imported into Kentucky for th^
purpose of distilling Bourbon whisky should
have the duty refunded, would that be consti-;
tutional ? /
Mr. CARPENTER. No.
Mr. LOGAN. I presumed the Senator
would say that. Now I want to call the at-
tention of the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scott] to a point in regard to his own
state that perhaps he never noticed. Those
who have gone before us have certainly acted
very badly so far as the Constitution is con-
cerned, if the objection now made is tenable.
Inasmuch as the Senator from Pennsylvania
suggested this constitutional objection, I will
read a statute applicable to Pennsylvania,
bearing on this very point. It is an act which
was passed by the Congress of the United
States, January 19, 1824, and I will read
several acts following this, if 1 have time, of
precisely the same character, not applicable
to the same article, but of the same import/
This bill that you are asked to pass to-day ii
precisely such a statute as this copied from!
what is commonly known as the Portland bill; |
this statute is to be found in volume six, Stat-
utes-at-Large, page 291,
"Be it enacted, &c„ That the Seoretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and re-
quired to refund, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to the distillers of
spirituous liauors within the county of Berks, in the
State of Pennsylvania"—
on that which I import and thirty cents on ^
that which you import, is that a uniform duty^, L_if0t all over the United States, but in the
I should like to know? It certainly would not I 00unty of Berks, in the State of Pennsylva-
be either as applicable to individuals
"who, at any time since the 1st day of January,
1814, have used stills made according to Henry Whit-J
mer's improvement upon Anderson's condensing-'
tub; and who have paid a duty upon the capacity
of the globes of such stills, all suoh sums of money
as they may have paid, respectively, as a duty on
the capacity of the globes of their said stills."
There is a statute passed in 1824 in refer-
ence to refunding the duties on certain arti-
cles imported for the distillation of spirits,
applicable to whom? To distillers in Berks
county, Pennsylvania—precisely such an act
as we ask to have passed to-day. In 1824, if
the Senator from Wisconsin will examine the
names of the Senators that were here then, he
will find that there were statesmen and law-
yers too in this body at that time.
Now I wish to read another statute, and
this looks a little more in the direction of the
one we are asking to have passed, approved
June 14, 1790:
" That the duties amounting to $167 50 ba re-
mitted on a parcel of hemp, duck, ticklenburg, aii'l
molasses, the property of Thomas Jenkins and com-
pany, merohants, of the eity of Hudson, in the State
of New York, which were lo3t by fire in the brig
Minerva on her passage from New York to th(S eity
of Hudson, her port of delivery."
There was an act remitting the duty to one
'individual for the loss of his property by fire.
11 suppose that would be constitutional. Why ?
sThe Senator said awhile ago you might re-
fund to one individual; but if you can refund
to an individual on account of loss by fire, or
by anything else, can you not refund to one
hundred thousand individuals? I do not cite
this case to show that it is precisely applica-
ble in principle to the one that we ask, but I
! cite it to show that the custom of the Congress
of the United States has from 1790 to the pres-
ent time been to refund duties on different
articles for different reasons and at different
.times.
> Then, again, in 1790, the duties were re-
funded on eighteen hundred bushels of salt
imported in the ship Mercury into the port of
Annapolis, in the State of Maryland. Here is
the act:
" That so much of the duties accruing on eighteen
hundred bushels of salt, imported in the ship Mer-
cury, into the port of Annapolis, in the State of
Maryland, some time in the month of April last, on
account of Messrs. John Stewart and John David-
son, as relates to thirteon hundred and twenty-five
bushels thereof, which were casually destroyed by
a flood on the night of the same day on which the
said salt was landed and stored, shall be, and the
same are hereby, remitted. Approved, August 4,
1790."
This is the refunding of duty to the individ-
ual that paid it on (he article when the article
was destroyed. The Senator may argue that
this is not refunding the same duty that was
paid on the article destroyed. That is true ;
but the principle is the same; and why ? The
articles destroyed in Chicago, upon which the
duties have been paid, being building material,
which are transferred time and again, there is
no possible means of ascertaining the amount
of duties that have to be refunded, or the
amount of duties thatwould be claimed breach
individual. There is no manner in which it
could be ascertained, and the only way in
which they can be recompensed or compen-
sated is by refunding the duties on the articles
that are required for rebuilding that which has
been burned. Now, sir, let me go a little
further with this.
The time has been in this country when the
Congress of the United States thought it was
well enough to encourage certain things to be
done for the purpose of improving the coun-
try. It is on this principle that we ask this.
It is to rebuild Chicago, that revenues again
may be received by the Government, that that
great city may again show itself as it was be-
fore, a model before the eyes of this world,
and that the Government itself may receive
that which it ought to receive, its regular dues
from that city, and they have not been light,,
for in seven years the city of Chicago has paid
into the Treasury of the United States over
forty-five million dollars as internal revenue
to this Government. Not as duties, but as in-
ternal revenue, Chicago lias paid you over forty-
five million dollars, and paid it, too, almost
entirely from this very district that was burned.
This, then, as I said, is on the principle that
you advocate protection to American indus-
try : it is to encourage and to advance these
people in rebuilding the city, _
In times gone by the Congress of the United
States passed many law's of this kind. They
passed a law refunding all the duties on rail-
road iron when that railroad iron was laid down
and the proof submitted to the Secretary of
the Treasury showing that it was ^absolutely
laid for the purpose of traversing this country.
Why was t hat done ? It was done to encourage
the building of railroads, and it was done by
