1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2663
committee are antagonized, and it will be
seen the decision itself has been everywhere
since overruled.
In Blair vs. Barrett, the statute required
that the judges of election should, before en-
tering upon the duties of their office, take an
oath, and also required that a certificate of
their qualifications should be returned with
the returns of the votes. In some precincts
the law was not complied with. The case was
full of fraud, bribery, and corruption extend-
ing to the officers of election, and those vices
and irregularities formed the pivot upon which
the case turned, and the polls of the rejected
precincts were not rejected because the cer-
tificate of the qualification of the judges was
not returned as required by law. On the con-
trary, the committee say:
" Had it appeared from the evidence that the elec-
tion had been fairly conducted at those precincts,
and there were no traces of fraud, no taint of the
ballot-box, the committee would not have been wil-
ling to have recommended a rejection of the polls."
* * ** " Could the committee have brought
themselves to believe, from the evidence in the case,
that the returns had expressed the wish of the peo-
ple at these points, untainted hy fraud orfraudulent,
votes, they would have been constrained to have giv-
en the sitting member the benefit of such presump-
tion in the absence of acompliance with the law" *
* * * " and he not having shown either the
qualifications of the officers or the fairness of the
vote, but the contrary appearing, the votes at those
precincts were rejected."
This case, upon scrutiny, proves to be excel-
lent authority for the acceptance of the vote
from the west precinct, Hendricks township,
in the county of Shelby.
Chrisman vs. Anderson, on this point, is to
the same effect. The State canvassing board
of Kentucky had refused to admit a corrected
return; on the ground that the county boatd,
having acted in their first return, their func-
tions had been exhausted. The committee
of the house said:
"We do not suppose that the action of the State
board is final and conclusive upon the House. In
every case of a contested-election we believe itto be
the duty of the House, by its constituted agents, to
go behind all certificates for the purpose of inquir-
ing into and correcting all mistakes which may be
biought to its notice."
And the vote of Casey county was rejected,
not because the poll-hook was not certified as
prescribed by law, but because, in the absence
of such certificate, its correctness was not
otherwise proven.
In ptero vs. Gallegos, from tlie Territory
of New Mexico in 1856, the eleventh .section
of the election laws of that Territory gives the
form of certificate which shall be at the head
of the poll-books and be signed by the judges,
and the form includes a certificate showing
that the judges were sworn. The committee
say this certificate signed would be legal evi-
dence of the fact that the judges took the
required oath, but in the present case it is
absolutely wanting. It is not insisted that no
other proof could be admitted to establish the
fact that the judges- were sworn, but in the
absence of the proper legal certificate, and of
all other evidence of the fact, it must be ad-
mitted that that essential requisite of the law
has not been complied with. That case decides
that it is essential that the judges should have
been sworn. But in this particular it is over-
ruled by Blair vs. Barrett in 1860, a carefully
considered case fourteen years later than Otero
vs. Gallegos, and numerous other cases which
1 need not stop to cite.
To resume, what was the fact to be estab-
lished in Otero vs. Gallegos in the absence of
the prescribed certificate, not that the certifi-
cate had been actually made—that would have
been in point to the case in hearing—the fact
to be established was, that the judges had
complied with the law in other respects, and
although the certificate was the proper legal
evidence for that, yet it was not the only evi-
dence, and that other proof'was admissible
to establish the fact. It was, therefore, de-
cided that the certificate was not indispens-
able The very point to be decided in Good-
ing vs. Wilson, to wit, the certificate at west
precinct, in Shelby, was not indispensable,
and other proof in the absence of the certifi-
cate became admissible to establish the fact
that the election had in other respects been in
compliance with the law, and was full, fair,
and certain, which other proof was abundantly
made.-
In McFarland vs. Culpepper, from North
Carolina, in 1807, the question of certificate
now under consideration was nowhere involved.
The case is not fully reported, but it appears
that inspectors and clerks of election in the coun-
ties of Richmond, Anson, and Montgomery were
not sworn, and that the committee rejected
the polls. But it also appeared that the whole
case was infected with fraud and other abuses,
by which the committee were constrained to
•refuse the seat to both parties. They said
the committee are of the opinion that in pre-
suming the votes in Moore and Cumberland to
have been legally taken, it would be improper
to deprive the other three counties of a repre-
sentation for the fault of their election officers.
They therefore think it most proper to give to
the citizens of that district an opportunity to
have another election.
In Easton vs. Scott, from the Territory of
Missouri, in 1816, both the points urged by
contestee under this specification are expressly
settled against him. In that case the law
required the votes to be set down in writing, (as
in the certificate prescribed by the Indiana
statute) at the foot of the poll-book, by the
election board. And one of the judges had
been appointed by the other two, when the law
required theappointmentto.be made by ajus-
tice of the peace. Held, no ambiguity is pro
duced thereby, and as far as the committee
can discover no injury is done to either party.
The law required the certificate of the clerks
having been sworn to be prefixed to the poll-
book. And there was no such certificate.
Held, though the certificate is not made ac-
cording to the letter of the law, yet a major-
ity of the committee being of the opinion from
inspecting a certified copy of the original poll
that the clerks were in fact sworn, decided
against rejecting the return; that is, decided
the certificate might be and was dispensed
with.
Bennett vs. Chapman was from Nebraska,
in 1856. The law required the poll-books and
the ballots to be remrned to the county clerk,
and ..the- county board were required, from
them, to make abstracts of the votes cast, and
the clerk was required to send those abstracts
to the territorial board. Instead of the ab-
stract from the poll-books, the clerk sent the
poll books. On this sole ground it was claimed
by the contestee that the vote of the county
of Otoe should be rejected. The provisions
of the law were manifestly merely directory.
The integrity of the poll-books was not ques-
tioned. The fact to be ascertained was the
result of the election. As between the poll-
books and the abstracts to be made from them,
the former were clearly the best evidence. The
poll-books were the original and authentic
evidence of the result; the abstracts merely
evidence of the substance of the poll-books.
The first primary, the latter secondary evi-
dence. Said the committee :
"It seems to us the objection resolves itself into
this: that the territorial canvassers had better evi-
dence before them than the law contemplated,and
for that reason the votes must be rejected. Wocan-
not admit the force of the reasoning, and without
hesitation we admit and count, the vote of the
county." -s *   * " Will it be seriously
claimed that an omission by an oflicer to send a list
of votes from a precinct, or from the precincts, as in
thiscase, will disfranchise a whole county ? AVe think
not."
These views are in harmony with the well-
settled doctrine laid down in Chrisman vs.
Anderson supra, " to go behind ail certificates
for the purpose of inquiring into and correct-
ing the returns."
But the ground upon which the minority
relied in Barrett vs. Chapman, for their rejec-
tion of the vote of Otoe, has no existence in
Gooding vs. Wilson; and therefore the former
fails to come within the lkie of precedents
for the latter. The minority said: •
"The territorial canvassers had nothing before
them but several papers purporting to be returns
from the several piecinct elections in the county of
Otoe, signed by persons purporting to act as judges
of elections and clerks of elections. But there was
nothing accompanying the papers showing that they
had any authority so to act, that they were the judges
legally appointed to hold said several elections.
This requirement of the law, that the probate judges
shall canvass and certify to the county returns Dy
this abstract, the undersigned deems of essential
importance. It is this which gives authenticity to
any return, and without it he thinks the return
from Otoe county was properly rejeoted by the can-
vassers."
It does not apply for many reasons, one of
which is this: in Indiana'the law required the
omitted certificate in Gooding vs. Wilson to be
returned to the county board, (with thepoll-lists
and tally-papers,)—not to the State board—
and that county board were expressly required
to make up their estimates, not from the cer-
tificates, but from the certificates, poll-lists,
and tally-papers, the two last named of which
were faithfully returned and proved. This of
itself is enough to show the want of similarity
between the two cases.
Anomalous, unsound, and inimical to the
almost unbroken current of more modern pre-
cedents as is the position and reasoning of the
minority report, still it fails in every essential
feature to support the proposition of contestee
in Gooding vs. Wilson, which is, " that the fail-
ure to send up the certificate (with the poll-
lists and tally-papers) justifies the rejection
of the votes." It is a precedent, if one at
all, for rejecting the votes of entire counties
because the poll-book was sent up instead of
a copy of the poll-book, and if applied else-
where, should hardly be applied to the preju-
dice of the voters of the county of Shelby, in
the State of Indiana, where the law of August
7, 1852, section thirty-seven expressly de-
clares—
"No tally-papers, poll-book, or certificate re-
turned from any election by the board of judges
thereof shall bo rejected for want of form, nor for
lack of being strictly in accordance with directions
herein contained, if the same can be satisfactorily
understood."
A provision worthy of a great State and oft-
times essential to the security of popular elec-
tions. But there were several other questions
in Barrett vs. Chapman which alone were
decisive of the case in the estimation of the
minority. And it cannot be told from the
report of the case what disposition was made
of the two reports, or what was the sense of
the House upon this particular point. It only
appears that the House adopted the minority
resolution, by the close vote of 69 to 63, that
contestee was entitled to the seat.
In Follett vs. Delano, from Ohio, in 1866,
a similar objection was urged. The contest-
ant alleged defective poll-books, absence of
required certificates, and so on ; but it was
held by the committee and the House that the
tally-sheets being unimpeached, the stated
results must be upheld. (Digest of Election
Cases, 113-120.)
I need not prolong this tiresome investiga-
tion. It was due to the contestee that the
authorities relied on by him should be scru-
tinized, which has been done, and they are
found not to sustain his views under this spe-
cification, but, just the reverse; and there the
subject is left.
23. tn Liberty township, county of Union,
Hezeldah Wilson voted two ballots purposely
folded together, in violation of the twenty-
seventh section of the statute of Indiana ap-
proved June 7, 1852, and one only of the
ballats was rejected. Not proved.
24. In second precinct, township of White
Water, county of Franklin, ballot and vote
purporting to be the ballot and vote of John
H. Lake, who, in point of fact, had not been
at the polls that day, was illegally received
and counted for contestant. Proved and de-
ducted under the head of illegal votes. Lake
