1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355#
upon that point. That is too much, and the
argument of the Senator from South Carolina
shows it. The Senator from South Carolina
shows that this Western Union Telegraph Com-
pany having only invested a few millions have
run up a capital of some thirty or forty mil-
lions, and that they pay dividends on that cap-
ital. That being the case, a reduction of
thirty-three and one third per cent., as pro-
vided in this bill, is not enough on the tele-
graph rates.
Mr. SAWYER. It is a great deal more
than thirty-t'hreeand one third percent, there.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Take it all
through, it is about that.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me—I dislike to interrupt him—the thirty-three
and one third per cent, reduction given in
those tables is based upon the theory that the
message by this bill is the same length as the
ordinary message now of ten words, whereas
in fact it is nearly double that 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
from Maine stated that very clearly. It is the
difference between ten words and eighteen
words, as he stated.
But, sir, I do not wish to argue this ques-
tion, and much less do I desire to be placed by
the friends of the measure in an antagonistical
position to it. I simply desire to throw out
the suggestion that if this company now cre-
ated is not limited as to the price they give
for the existing telegraph companies the Gov-
ernment of the United States makes a bad
bargain, though this company do not, because
they are to be paid ten per cent, by the people
for their telegrams on whatever prices they
pay. That is all I wish to say.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to post-
pone my friend from Pennsylvania, but I de-
sire at some time to hear the original bill read,
and I want to know how many different edi-
tions or versions of amendment of it have
come from the committee, and I want them
all read in the order in which they stand, and
the report. This is an interesting and import-
ant history, and I believe it is the right of any
Senator to have the original bill and all the
amendments read; and that, either before or
after the Senator from Pennsylvania proceeds,
I wish to have done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator would have the right to have the original
bill read and the pending amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not wish to interfere
with the Senator from New York if he desires
to retain the floor at this time.
Mr. CONKLING. No; I wish to make
some remarks upon this bill after I hear the
original bill, and the original substitute re-
ported for it, which was recommitted, read,
and I wish the report which accompanied
some one of the editions of this bill which
have been emitted, as I understand, by the
Post Office Committee of this body, read.
After I hear them read, I desire to say some-
thing about the bill; but I shall be very glad
to yield in the mean time to the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOTT. My desire is not so much to
discuss this bill as to procure information from
the members of the committee who have re-
ported it. I have read it through in my seat
this evening, and some inquiries have struck
me which I desire to have answered by some
of the members of the committee. I find
upon looking at the first section of the bill,
that for the purpose of facilitating and expe-
diting the exchange of correspondence, it pro-
vides that telegrams shall be received at every
post office—I believe I have got the wrong
copy. I find there are two reports, one made
on the 22d of January, and the other on the
18th of April.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the one on the
22d of January ?
Mr. SCOTT. I shall come to it in a
moment.
Mr. CONKLING Is it a report of a sub-
stitute.
Mr. SCOTT. It-is a report of a substitute,
and it is because of some provisions which I
find in one and not in the other that some in-
quiries have been started in my mind. In the
first section of the amendment reported on the
18th of April I find the provision that " tele-
grams shall be received at every post office,
and transmitted by telegraph between all
postal telegraph offices in the manner herein
prescribed." Then follow in a number of sec-
tions the regulations which are to govern the
receipt and the transmission of telegrams and
the prices that are to be paid for transmitting
them. Proceeding to the seventh section I
find this provision :
That the Postmaster General is hereby author-
ized to contract with the Postal Telegraph Company
for the transmission of correspondence by telegraph,
as his agent for that purpose, for a term of ten years
according to the provisions of this act.
Now, then, taking up the report of amend-
ments made on the 22d of January, 1872, to
which my attention was first directed, the
eighth section provides—
That any company, corporation, or person who
shall transmit, or shall aid or be concerned in trans-
mitting any telegram in contravention of any of the
terms of this aot shall, upon oonviction as is herein-
after provided, be liable to a penalty not exceed-
ing $100 for every such offense.
It struck me that the purpose of that sec
tion waa absolutely to prohibit the use of all
existing telegraphs, the business of all exist-
ing telegraph companies, and compel all par-
ties to use the telegraph established or pro-
vision for the establishment of which is made
by this bill; and I wish now to call the atten-
tion of some member of the committee to
the fact that that is probtibly not contained in
the eighth section as it is now reported, which
professes to give the privilege to the public
to transmit telegraphic dispatches, in these
words:
That all persona shall have the right to cor-
respond by telegraph in the manner heroin pre-
scribed.
I submit whether that is not, as the section
now stands, an implied prohibition of corre-
sponding in any other manner than "the
manner herein prescribed." This is the first
inquiry which I wish to address to some mem-
ber of the committee.
Mr. President, we all feel the desirability
of securing cheap telegraphic communication.
Hitherto the attention of the public has been
directed to the question of whether it was not
better for the Government at once to take
charge of the telegraphic system, so that citi-
zens might have the'advantage of telegraphic
communication at just what it could be af-
forded upon the cost of establishing telegraph
lines. Our attention has not hitherto been
directed to the expediency of establishing a
new company instead of availing ourselves of
the existing "facilities, and compelling them to
come to terms with the Government.
This was the first inquiry that suggested
itself to my mind; and 1 rise not so much to
the purpose of making it an objection to the
bill as of suggesting the inquiry, that it may
be answered. In the ninth section another
inquiry is started.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question right here ?
Mr. SCO IT. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. Does he understand, that
the amendment to which he has referred, re-
ported in January last, is in any sense of the
words before the Senate 1
Mr. SCOTT. It is not before the Senate ;
but getting it by mistake this evening and find-
ing that provision, I naturally turned to the
same section, section eight, m the amendment
which is before the Senate, and a question that,
I staitis. is not the sameimplied prohibition in
the words of that eighth section, because it
purports to give to the public the right to send
telegrams in the manner therein prescribed
and prohibiting them lu any other manner ?
Mr. CONKLING. Undoubtedly it is, and
it is intended to be so.
Mr. SCOTT. Is not that the equivalent of
the former eighth section, which in express
words prohibits all existing companies and all
individualsfrom sending telegraphic dispatches
in any other manner than the manner pre-
scribed by that section t
In the ninth section it is said that the rates
of telegraphing are to be reduced so that
the profits of the company shall not at any
time exceed ten per oent. I wish to call at-
tention to the language if that effect is sought
to be attained:
That the Postmaster General may, and at the
request of said company shall, from time to time,
roduce the compensation to bo paid to the com-
pany, and the rates to bo paid by the public, for
the transmission of telegrams, and shall raise them
again by an amount not exceeding the reduction,
after the expiration of six months, if tho net income
of tho company shall theroby bo reduced below ten
Scr cent, a year on their capital stock, fixed as
orcinaftor providod.
The peculiarity of that provision is that it is
to be at the request of the company that the
rates are to be reduced, and then within six
months, before they have had time to determ-
ine whether they would make ten per cent,
a year on their capital stock or not. they are
to be raised again. The provision is that it is
to be at the request of the company that the
prices are to be reduced, and then within six
months it is made the duty of tho Postmaster
General to raise them again if the net income
of the company shall not amount to ten per
cent, per annum, before one year has run
around to enable him to determine whether
they have made ten per cent, per annum at the
reduced rates. I call attention to the singu-
larity of that provision.
Mr. SAWYER. The request by the com-
pany, 1 suppose,is put in there because the
Postmaster General fixes the rates any way,
if they are to be changed, and the profits of
the company will show whether it is necessary
to change them or not; and therefore it is
made the duty of the company to make this
request when their profits show in that way.
The books of the company are to be open to
the Postmaster General at all times. Then
after the expiration of six months, if they
earn five per cent., the presumption is that
they will earn five per cent, the next six
months, or more.
Mr. SCOTT. I call attention to that singu-
lar provision.
Now, then, when it comes to the corpora-
lion for this great national enterprise, 1 have
looked through the corporators, and I find that
there are three in Massachusetts, one in
Maine, two in New York, two in Illinois, one
in Minnesota, two in Iowa, one in Kansas,
one in Nebraska, one in Missouri, one in Ark-
ansas, one in Louisiana, one in Alabama,
one in Georgia, one in California, and two in
the District of Columbia, making thirty-one in
all, and the whole proceedings for the organ-
ization of the company are placed in the hands
of the first three corporators named, or a ma-
jority of them, the three in Massachusetts, who
arc required to give notice, in two newspapers
published in the city of Washington, for the
proceedings necessary to organize this com-
pany. Then, with a capital stock of $1,000,000
in ten thousand shares, a provision is inserted
which gives to each one of the incorporators
named in the bill, not covering half the States
of this Union for this great national enter-
prise, the right to take two hundred and fifty
shares, which makes altogether fifty two hun-
dred and fifty shares, or a majority of the
whole original stock to tho corporators named.
These are singular provisions which have
struck mc in the bill; and as I am in entire
sympathy with the object, to procure cheap
telegraphic communication all over the coun-
try and to remedy the evils which have been
complained of here, I call the attention of
those who have reported the bill to these
points more for the purpose of having them
