1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
since the foundation of the Government; and
there may.be those of the same political party
to which I am proud to belong who would not
feel themselves justified, in view of their con-
victions as to constitutional law, in voting for
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts when by their vote they were helping it
to become a law. I will not say that as a mere
parliamentary proceeding, if the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts were placed
upon the bill for the removal of political dis-
abilities by the action of the Senate, it might
not be proper to vote for the bill as thus
amended in order that the bill might be kept
alive, and having passed to tlie House of .Rep-
resentatives, again come back to the Senate
and be subject to its control; but to vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu
setts as it now stands, with the idea of making
that a part of the law of the land, would, as I
said, in my judgment, be striking a fatal blow
at the bulwarks of civil rights in this country.
But, sir, I do not wish to go into this argu-
ment. I have neither the strength nor the
inclination to enter into a general discussion
of the questions of constitutional law involved
in the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, or even into the questions of expe-
diency involved in that amendment. I rose '
simply to speak somewhat earnestly in what i
little I did say upon the original bill itself, and >
to ask those who do sincerely favor the re- !
moval of political disabilities to save the bill 1
from the stab which this amendment inflicts
upon it. '
I was remarking when I was interrupted by
the Senator from New York that the question •
of the removal of political disabilities has now
become an old question. It is time that it was
settled. It has confronted ns for the last four
years. It met the national Republican conven-
tion at Chicago, and that convention adopted
a piinciple upon which we ought to have acted
long ago. it' we are true to our principles, if
we are indeed such Republicans as sustain the
national platform of our own party last adopted,
we ought long since to have parsed a general
bill for the removal of political disabilities.
Bills were offered here from time to time by
different Senators. They scarcely created a
ripple in this body. At last the President of
the" United States, receiving, as he must have
done, during the last three years, the most
widely extended information from all portions
of the country, and especially from that por-
tion of the country upon which the bill would
particularly operate, recommends precisely
such a bill for the removal of political disabili-
ties as is now before the Senate in his annual
message.
Last winter we created a committee of this
body to proceed to the southern _ States to
make a careful and thorough examination of
the condition of things there, especially to
inquire into the outrages and violence said to
exist there, and to report to us the facts and
the causes and the remedies which were in
tbeir judgment adapted to that case. That
committee, after great labor, great expense
of money and of time, comes back, and the
chairman of the committee, whose mind as a
judicial mind is not excelled in that charac-
teristic by that of any other member of the
Senate, as a means, iu part at least, of putting
an end to the existing unhappy condition of
things in the southern States, as chairman of
that committee, with all the experience and
information he has weeived, advises the pas-
sage of the present bill.
Under these circumstances it has seemed to
me from the beginning to be ungenerous to
atttempt to attach to this bill an amendment
whose only ultimate result could bo the defeat
of the original bill; and I do not think that
even the Senator from Massachusetts e-iu dis-
pute that during a part, at any rate, ot the
period while we have been discussing the bill
now before the Senate that Senator has enter-
tained, precisely the view which I have ex-
pressed that if the amendment were put on
the bill in the Senate, it would then go to the
House and there be killed 
Mr. SUMNER. No; no; never.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The Senator
must pardon me, but I think it can be shown,
not indeed in debate here, and yet not in pri-
vate conversation, that language such as I
have just uttered has fallen from the lips of
the Senator himself—and coming back to the
Senate, then the removal of political disabili-
ties is disposed of for the present and the Sen-
ator's bill which stands first on the Calendar
can be taken up and passed, for a majority of
the Senate would then be committed to it.
Sir, I like to legislate, as I like to do every-
thing else, in a straightforward way. We have
| in the bill now before us a great public ques-
tion which ought to be settled on its own mer-
its. and having settled that, then let us proceed
to inquire, first, whether in point of fact there
exist the evils which the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts is intended to
remove ; and in the second place if those evils
do exist, whether that is the proper remedy;
and I say to the Senator from Massachusetts
| that if it shall be made to appear that a por-
j tion of the citizens of this country are subjected
i to wrong without a remedy, I will go with him
j in finding some appropriate remedy; but I
| shall have to ask the Senator from Massachu-
• setts, it' I shall be compelled to differ from him.
' as to the mode of applying a remedy, as to
; what is the true and safe and constitutional
i remedy under our sjstem of government, that
! he, after his many years of experience here,
i will not stigmatize me, as I have heard him
i! stigmatize other Senators, as false to every
lj principle of human rights because we cannot
!l agree upon the best way of maintaining human
i rights.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
i' kill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The ques-
!i tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
■ ! Wisconsin to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, on which the yeas and
I nays have been ordered.
' Mr. FLANAGAN. At the request of the
j. Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] I have
'! agreed to pair off with him. If he were pres-
'' ent he would vote " nayand I should vote
j: 11 yea."
, Mr. TICKERS. My colleague [Mr.
;i ilton*] is necessarily absi
j: a death in the family of
j is paired with some mem
M whose name I forget. If he were here he would
!• vote against the amendment.
,! Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I was re-
I; quested by the Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
II Cooper] to state, in case any important vote
|, should be taken during his absence, that he
r was detained at home by the sickness of his
■! wife and child.
• ' Mr. NYE. I am paired on these questions
with the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,]
that the
IT^r-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer the amend-
ments I suggested yesterday to the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts. On page
2, section two, lines six and seven, I move to
strike out the words "and such allowance for
counsel fees as the court shall deem just."
Mr. SUMNER. Iacceptthat. The Senator,
I think, is right in his suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts accepts the amendment,
suggested by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also move to strike out
the last section but one. I ask that it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the words proposed to be stricken
out.
The Chief Clerk. The section proposed to
be stricken out is:
Sec. —. That every jaw, statute, ordinance, regu-
lation, or custom inconsistent with this act, or
making any discriminations against any person on
account of color by the use of the word " white" is
hereby repealed and annulled.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply state that
neither the Senator from Massachusetts him-
self nor any Senator in this body can tell the
scope of this section. I have already found
out that it changes the policy of the natural-
ization laws since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, and it may strike in many places not
only at the laws of the United States but at
the laws of all the States, so that wo are grop-
ing blindly in the dark in passing a provision
so general as this. If there are any laws which
the Senator from Massachusetts can point out
where the word "white" is used in violation
of the spirit of the Constitution, I am willing
to vote to repeal, modify, or change theny,
but I am satisfied we ought never in any case
to pass so general and sweeping a provision
as this. I hope-we may have a vote upon the
subject, and I shall he content with whatever
may be the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will consent that tliio section be
stricken out without prejudice to his rignt to
put it on a proper bill; but it will be seen that
we are now upon the question of the constitu-
tional rights of citizens. . That is the point that
his amendment goes to. The effect of this
section, and all its effect., so far as I know, is
which
citizens,
" pol-
I thiok I "should agree with him on the
. question when it arises in a proper form on a
! bill coming from a committee, and when all
I its aspects are seen. But to put it in this bill,
| which deals with the constitutional rights of
j citizens, is a great deal more inconsistent than
' it is to have this amendment on the amnesty
)i bill which deals with the constitutional dis-
I abilities of citizens. It opens an entirely dif-
1 ferent subject, and i think there is no occasion
I for our making haste to legislate on that ques-
i who is absent. I do not know that the pair -
i would reach this question, but for fear that I j ti0° at JI'S time. ,P(>tinn nronosed to
; might be considered as breaking it, I will not , Mr, SLMNEK. The sect.or' PWP°«£ to
; vote. I should vote   nay" on this amend- j! ^ -
1 ment. I do not kuow how he would vote.
: The question being taken by yeas and nays,
; resulted—yeas 17, nays SI; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter. Chandler,
Cole, Oonkhng, Corbett, Fenton, Kerry ot Michigan,
1 Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Xexas, Ilanilm, Hitch-
cock, Morrill of Maine, Pool, Ramsey, ^eott,
and Wright—17. . T, _ , 
X AYS—Messrs. Ames, Blair. Boreman, Brownlow,
. Cameron,Clayton, Davis ofW estVirS'nia.Wmunds,
' Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaito Harlan. Hill.
Johnston, Kelly, Logan. Morrill otKV,1^nhflmnn
ton, Xurwo^d, Osborin Pomero3\ Kice,  ^8_rt on.
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, _i?pencer, Sprngu.e,
Stevenson, Stockton, bumner, Irtimbull, A lektrs,
West, >ind Wilson— 34. „ , . -
4BSE£T—Messrs. Aicorn. jj.iyarI. bue^iiigaam,
CM dwell* Oasserlj'. Cooper, Lrnem, Day is of Ken-
tucky, Flanagan,* txilbevt, Hamilton of Maryland,
Howe, Kellogg, LewK Nye, i'auerson.l ratt.-cjurz,
Stewart, Thurmun, Xi!>ton. and Wiudom —
So the amendment to ihe amendment was
rejected.
,! bring the legislation ot this country and its
lj laws m all respects into complete harmony
ji with the Constitution of the United States,
f There is no word of color m that text. How
ij can you introduce a word ol color in any legjs-
i[ lation or law under the Constitution ot the
L United States? ,
11 Mr. EDMUNDS. The word " color ism
the last amendment. .
r Mr. SUMNEE. The Senator reminds me
!. that the word "color" is in the,last atJen(i-
ment; but he knows well that it is introduced
:i there expressly for denunciation. Ihe Oon-
'' stitution there sets itself" up against any such
;i discrimination. In its original text Jicre is no
:: such word. That text is blameless. Ihe laws
; of the land ought to be equi^1!f ,
'! The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman.)
ji asks me to indicate the particular instances
