2664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
was a legal voter, but during the election he
was sick in bed, and the election board ad-
journed .to his bed-side, and received his ballot
and returned and pat it into the box and
counted it. I know of no law for this.
25. In Green township precinct, county of
Wayne, five ballots not containing his name
we're counted for contestant. Not proved.
26. In Mount Caimel precinct, county of
Franklin, one vote legally reoeived for con-
testee was illegally rejected from the count
because the words "Indiana State ticket"
were written ou the ballot (No. 5) of T. W.
Scoby. Proved and added to contestee's vote
iu the summing up.
27. Same precinct and county, William Mau-
pin's legal vote for contestee was tendered and
illegally rejected. Not proved. _
28. In the Cambridge precinct, Jackson
township, county of Wayne, the election board,
by miscount, gave contestant S81, when in
fact there were cast for him only 378. They
gave contestee only 363, when in tact there
were cast for him 364. Mistakes against con-
testee 4 votes. Not proved.
29. In north precinct, township of Wayne,
county of Wayne, the election board, by mis
eount, gave for contestee only 878, when in
point of fact there were cast for him 887 ; and
they gave contestant 337, when in point of
fact there were cast for him only 330. Mis-
takes against contestee 10 votes. Not proved.
30. In Centre township, Hancock county,
the election board illegally rejected from the
count 2 legal votes legally cast for contestee,
and counted for contestant 1 more than was
cast for him. "Mistake against contestee 3
votes. Not proved.
31. At south poll, township of Wayne,
county of Wayne, 5 legal votes legaliy cast
for contestee were by the board illegally
rejected from the eouut. Not proved.
32. At north poll, satne township and county,
3 legal votes legally cast for contestee were
by the board illegally rejected from the count.
Not proved.
33. In Mount Cancel precinct, county of
Franklin, on the day of the election for half
an hour at a time the ballot box was fre-
quently left unprotected by the board ; there-
tore tlie same was discredited and annulled,
and should be rejected from the count. Vote
for contestant 93; for contestee 73. Mistake
against contestee 20. Not proved. Some irreg-
ularity but no taint of the election or returns.
34. In north precinct, Wayne township,
county of Wayne, 33 illegal votes were returned
ior contestant. Not proved.
35. Same defect in south precinct, same
township and eouuty; 18 illegal votes were
returned for contestant. Not proved.
36. Iu each voting precinct iu each of the
counties composing the fourth congressional
district 20 other illegal votes were returned
for contestant. Not proved.
ILUtaAL VOTES l'OB CONTESTEE PKOVK1).
" It shall be the duty of the inspector of any elec-
tion held in this State, on receiving the ballot of any
voter, to have the sumo numbered with figures, on
the outsiilo or back thereof, to correspond with the
number placed opposite the name of such voter on
the poll-list kent by the clerks of such election."
(Indiana act approved May 13,1869, section two.)
This section has been decided to be un-
constitutional and void by the supreme court
of Indiana in Williams as. Stein, (opinion pub-
lished iu Indianapolis Sentinel of April 2,
1872.) But it is not perceived that the case
in hearing is affected thereby.
By the constitution and laws of the State
of Indiana, iu force at this election, the follow-
ing qualifications were indispensable in every
voter:
1. Six months' residence iu the State next
before the election.
2. Twenty days bona fide inhabitancy of the
precinct next before the election.
3. But subject to the exception that no per-
son shall be deemed to have lost his residence
in the State by reason of his absence ou the
business of the State or United States. (Con-
stitution, article 2, section 4.)
David R. Holloway is alleged by contestant
to have been a non-resident. The following
is the substance of the evidence in his case:
He voted for contestee at the north precinct
Wayne township, Wayne county. Ballot pro-
duced. He moved from his dwelling-house,
now in the south precinct, to Washington city,
between the years 1860 and 1862. He had not
been a housekeeper in Indiana for more than
five years prior to the election. Was Com-
missioner of Patents in Washington city in
1861, where he removed and resided with his
family. Several years later his wife returned
and died in the south precinct; his children
remained with him. At nearly all the presi-
dential and State elections he returned and
voted. The division of Wayne township into
the north and south precincts occurred in
1867. He still lives in Washington city ; has
been out of Government employment for four
or five years; his business card published in
Washington city papers. This proof is con-
clusive :
1. That iu point of fact he had not resided
in the State of Indiana for several years.
2. That his last residence in Indiana was
not in the north precinct where he voted, but
in the south precinct.
Now, in the first place, had he a voting resi-
dence in Indiana at all at that election ?
Having been accepted and counted as a voter,
the presumption of law is that he was a legal
voter. The burden of overcoming that pre-
sumption rested upon the contestant who dis-
puted his vote. The contestant has overcome
that presumption by proving that iu point of
fact the voter was a non-resident of Indiana
for more than six months, and of the voting
precinct for more than twenty days next be-
fore the day of the election. That being done,
the burden of proof was shifted, and rested upon
the contestee, who justified the vote, to show
that the voter was within the exception of article
two, section four, above quoted, and though
in point of fact he had a residence elsewhere
on the business of the State or United States,
he retained his previous voting residence by
intending to resume, and by actually resuming
his residence there in point of fact, so soon as
his official service ceased. But the proof
has not been furnished by contestee, and is
not in the record. The testimony of the voter
has not been taken. The actions of the voter,
however, are in proof, and they demonstrate
that he continues to reside out of the State,
and had not been in the business of the State
or United States for more than four years next
before the election. By the weight of evidence
these, two propositions are established:
First. His vote was illegal, because it was
cast at the north precinct, when his last resi-
dence was at the south precinct.
Second. His vote was illegal, because he was
not at the time of voting a resident or bona
fide inhabitant of the State or precinct, either
in law or in fact.
2. John Lynch is alleged by contestant to
have been a non-resident.. The following is
the substance of the evidence in his case: at.
the north precinct he voted for contestee;
ballot produced. In 1861 his home was within
what is now the south precinct, Wayne town-
ship and county. About that time he received
the appointment of clerk in the Treasury De-
partment, and moved his residence to Wash-
ington city ; had never returned to Indiana to
reside ; is still in the United States Govern-
ment employment, and residing in Washing-
ton city. About four years prior to the elec-
tion he said to witness, Richmond, in Wayne
township, was his home, and te came home
to vote. Wayne township had not theu been
divided into north and south precincts. Two
years ago he said he had no other home.
The case of Lynch is unlike that of Hollo-
way in this: the fact that he is still in the
employment of the United States, to that ex-
tent brings him within the exception of the
Indiana constitution, provided he had still the
intention of returning. But there is no suffi
cient evidence of his intention. Loose evi-
dence of a loose statement made by Lynch as
to his home two years before the day of elec-
tion, when he was then actually living with his
family in Washington city, and had been liv-
ing there uninterruptedly for seven or eight
years, is not evidence to prove intention at
the time of voting on the 11th day of October,
1870. Where a residence is established, its
continuance there is a presumption of law
which prevails until the contrary is shown.
This is supposed to be the ordinary rule.
But this is a rule that has no application to
a case like that of Lynch, where is proved an
actual continuing residence elsewhere for nine
years. In such a case there are no presump-
tions in favor of the Indiana residence; the pre-
sumptions are all the other way by virtue of
the Washington residence. To overcome these
it must not only be shown that he comes within
the letter, but also within the spirit of the ex-
ceptional provision of the Indiana constitu-
tion. It must be shown, not merely that his
absence was on the business of the United
States, but moreover that it had all the time
been, and still was, at the time of voting, his
intention to retain his home and domicil in
Indiana, and to resume his actual residence
there at or before the end of his official resi-
dence elsewhere. This has not been done.
Though easy of access here, in Washington,
he was not called by the party interested in his
evidence to testify.
And, on the other hand, his vote must at
all events be held illegal, because if -a voter
in Indiana at all, there was but one place where
he could legally vote, to wit: at the poll in the
south precinct where was his home when he
entered the Government service and removed
to Washington city.
3. Isaac Stewart was clearly an illegal voter.
He voted for contestee at the precinct of Rush-
ville, Rush township, Rush county. The non-
production of the ballot was accounted for.
Witness, Yirgil B. Bodine, trustee of Rush
township and lawful custodian of the ballots,
&c., refused to produce them, when required
on the ground that he was enjoined and re-
strained therefrom by the order of the circuit
court in a proceeding pending therein, and
instead thereof he produced under oath a true
copy of the ballot and poll-book as to this
voter. His number was 635. Like Holioway,
Stewart had forfeited and abandoned his resi-
dence iu Indiana. The following is the sub-
stance of the evidence in his ease:
In 1861 he left Indiana and went to Wash-
ington city, where he became a clerk in one
of the Pepartraents. He subsequently mar
ried there, and was living there in 1864 or
1865. About that time he became a pay-
master in the Army, and being on his way
to Texas, he visited his father, who then lived
in Rushville. He came there in 1870, and
remained a week or two before and after the
election, and left for Washington. At the
time of the election he had been out of office
for six or eight months. He had been re-
moved. In the spring or summer of 1869 he
declared in Rushville to witness that it was
his intention to get a permanent location
in Washington, Philadelphia, or some other
point Bast.
This voter, like Holloway, was not absent on
the business of the United States, and had not
been for more than six months prior to the
election, and had both forfeited and aban-
doned his residence.
4. R. S. Evans was clearly an illegal voter;
he was a non-resident at the time of voting.
The substance of the evidence in his case
is as follows : he voted for contestee at the
north poll iu Wayne township, Wayne county;
ballot produced. At the time of. so voting
he said he resided and was in business in
Oxford, Ohio. He left a few days after the
