3560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
answered than of urging them as objections to
the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to have
the original bill reported, and also the amend-
ment which was recommitted with it; these
are the foundations of the present report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opin-
ion of the Chair that amendment fell when the
bill was recommitted. The Senator has aright
to have the original bill read. That bill is
now before the Senate, and there is an amend-
ment to the bill which is now pending. The
Senator has a right to have both those read.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to under-
stand the Chair, and to be sure the Cbair
understands me. My understanding of the
record is that a bill was reported from thl Post
Office Committee; that with that bill was
reported an amendment in the nature of a
substitute; that both the bill and the substi-
tute were recommitted to the committee, and
that now the committee report back another
substitute, or an amendment in the nature of
a substitute for the original bill, and for the
amendment which was recommitted with it.
The latter part of my remarks, perhaps, is rather
inference than statement, but plain inference,
because the amendment being recommitted
with the bill, the bill also recommitted, and
the committee now reporting an amendment
in the nature of a substitute, it must be a sub-
stitute for the ameudment as well as for the
bill; otherwise the amendment in the nature
of a substitute, which was recommitted, would
still be in the keeping of the committee with-
out report having been made upon it. There-
fore I suppose I have a right to have read both
the original bill and the substitute; but in the
first place I ask to have the original bill read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
may be right. The Chair, when the proper
time comes, will submit that part of the ques-
tion to the Senate. The Senator has an
unquestioned right to have the original bill
read, and also the amendment which is now
pending, and the Secretary will proceed to
report the original bill.
Mr. POMEROY. No one desires to ques-
tion the right of the Senator from New York
Jo have the bill read, but I desire to submit to
the Senator from New York that this criticism
of the bill by Senators is valuable-because we
obtain information from it. I was.pleased with
what the Senator from Pennsylvania said and
with what the Senator from New Jersey said,
because they addressed themselves to the ques-
tion and threw light upon it. But now the
Senator proposes to read a bill which the com-
mittee have discarded, which the committee
do not now stand by, if they ever did, merely
for I do not know what really. Our custom
is to read the bill that the committee report.
No one can have all the previous ones read,
although any one can move the postal code
and have that read. I think it is an economy
of time for the Senate to read the bill before
the Senate which the committee have reported,
and then have our criticisms upon that. I
like what has been said, because this is a great
question. The measure makes great changes.
No one can perfect a bill at once ; and the fact
that this has passed through half a dozen edi-
tions shows to my mind that the committee
have been at work. We are all on committees
more or less; and when a committee report
one bill and find it defective, find it criticised,
find that it is not perfect, they amend it, work
at it, report it in a new shape, and then we go
through that process again. For two years
this bill has been undergoing that process. It
is perfectly in order to have them all read ;
but as a question of economy of time at ten
o'clock at night it strikes me that criticism
on the bill that is here before us is vastly more
important than to be reading something which
is not before the Senate. The report that the
committee makes of course is always read.
I agree with the Senator from New York that
that report must be read. I only say that I
hope the Senate will not spend its time at this
hour of the evening in reading the original
draft, which is obsolete, out of date.
The Senator from New York feels doubtless
as all other Senators.do, disposed to bring the
utmost effort of his mind and heart to under-
stand this bill; not some former bill that has
gone out of sight. To this end I would be glad
if he would confine his call for reading to the
report, or to the bill that is before the Senate,
or anything germane to it, and let us spend
what little time we have this evening on the
bill before us, or something relating to it. I
say we ought not to waste the time of the Sen-
ate in that way. Nothing short of divine
Being could have a perfect bill on the first
start upon such a subject. This is a great
measure that has had to go through half a
dozen editions, and it is not perfect yet. I
suppose it will be discussed a week, and ulti-
mately, I hope, by the combined wisdom of
the Senator from New York and other Sen-
ators, we shall get a measure that will be
approved by the Senate and by Congress ; but
we cannot, expect to do it at once, and espe-
cially by reading obsolete bills that have been
abandoned by the committee and everybody
else.
Mr. CONKLING. My gay and festive friend
from Kansas never puts himself on his pins
without giving instruction and delight to those
who hear him. On this occasion he has ex-
pressed himself with the pen of the evangelist
and the harp of the prophet, and too much can-
not be said in return for the gentle admoni-
tions which have radiated in all directions, and
especially in my direction.
With deference, however, to my honorable
friend, whom I follow whenever I can., and that
is often, especially in regard to the rules of
the Senate and the rules of propriety, I sub-
mit to him that what he says comes with a bad
grace from a leading member of a committee
which having induced the Senate to set aside
a little nook and corner of time during which
it might unburden itself of those routine and
accustomed measures which it had in charge,
seizes the opportunity to thrust forward a
measure which the Senator confesses he ex-
pects to hear discussed for a week eventually
before final action is taken upon it, and thrust
forward in such a way as to raise in the minds
of the worldly the suspicion that somebody,
not in the Senate, of course, hoped that the bill
might slip through in a little narrow isthmus
of time between to-day and to-morrow, when
half the Senate is away.
I say a committee which avails itself of the
indulgence of the Senate"for another purpose
as commonly understood by those who agreed
to that indulgence, to put forward a measure
confessedly of great importance, radical and
sweeping in its tendencies, and in my view
pernicious—a committee, I say, which puts
forward at such a time such a measure, losing
the opportunity to consider the reasonable and
proper bills, is not to be captious with those
who want to hear read so much as appears
upon the parliamentary record.
I would not intervene to postpone the con-
sideration of this scheme at any proper time.
Heterodox, as I believe it to be, not only in its
detail, but in the principle and theory on which
it rests, I would not prevent or postpone its
consideration properly at any time. But the
Senator from Kansas knows that when you
propose to tear down a great structure which
the report somewhere says $25,000,000 or more
than that in money represents, and to erect
upon its ruins such a system as is here pro-
posed, it is a grave work; it is not the work
of an evening; it is not a thing to be done in
the absence of the Senate after nine o'clock
at night; it is not to be done by legerdemain
which might make Ilerr Alexander tremble
for his laurels. It would be a great feat for
one evening to fold up like an umbrella and
put away the telegraphic system of a hemi-
sphere, and create such a scheme as this.
Mr. President, I did not intend at this mo-
ment to be drawn iuto general remarks upon
this measure. But I will speak of one thing.
Some Senator has said that this bill would
eventually succeed, that the scheme goes in a
direction in which public opinion is tending,
that in the course of two years or some such
time we should have all this scheme of Gov- ■
ernment telegraphing. I want to enter my
protest against such doctrine. We have heard
from the hustings, aud sometimes in the Sen-
ate, talk a|)out centralization, about the tend-
ency to arrogate power by the General Gov-
ernment. Whenever the time shall come, two
years or three years hence, that public senti-
ment shall demand legislation like this, I
think it will be high time for my friend from
Massachusetts to preach a sermon or two of
caution against centralization. It will, in my
belief, be high time to call a halt.
Mr. President, there is no better homely
type of the true nature and mission of civil
government in this country than a wateh dog.
The people of the country want of their Gov-
ernment protection against invasion and dis-
order ; they want to be left free in their activ-
ities, their rights, their aspirations; free in
the opportunities they enjoy, and the preroga-
tives they wield. They want no Government
to transact the ordinary business of life, to do
the business of society. And without extend-
ing the argument at this time, to put in ex-
treme contrast with these ideas about what is
to happen two years hence, I venture this
somewhat extreme statement: rather than to
vote to enlist the Government of the United
States in the business of telegraphing, I would
vote to take the postal service of the country
from the Post Office Department aud commit
it to private hands to be done as express
business is done by private enterprise.
Look at this a moment. The Post Office
Department is not a profitable creation, but
a Department sinking a great sum of money
every year. How and why? Because it car-
ries on a losing business, and a business based
On strange principles. You, Mr. President,
and every citizen in the land are compelled to
commit to the Post Office Department, under
penalty, all the matter appropriate to go in
the mails which you wish to transmit. You
may send for cheap reward and hire, and ac-
cordingly and naturally if valuables be lost
nobody is responsible. Nobody, upon the doc-
trine of equivalents, should be responsible,
perhaps, because if you pay but three cents for
transmitting through the mail a bond payable
to bearer, and negotiable by delivery from hand
to hand, and it is lost, it might be unreason-
able to say that for a freight of three cents a
liability should accrue upon which you could
recover the value of that bond. But, strangely,
as a part of the system, you are compelled
under penalty to transmit your property, ifit be
mailable in character, through the mails alone,
because there is a penalty upon all persons who
send or carry letters except in the mail.
What would a business man think of a law
which should provide that all freight should
be sent by a certain conveyance, the rate of
freight being small and cheap, and the pro-
vision being that if lost or thrown away by a
carelessness, no matter how wanton, nobody
should be liable for it, and' the provision
being that that kind of freight must be sent by
everybody through that conveyance? We all
understand the sources from which the build-
ers of the Constitution derived their ideas of
government. Many of them came from an
island not larger than the State of New York—
it is further from Buffalo to Montauk Point
thau from Cornwall to Northumberland. Many
ideas of government came from an island
densely peopled and governed by a consolid-
ated monarchy. Their necessities of govern-
ment were those of three million people scat-
tered over an immense and half untrodden
domain. It was a necessity as well as a theory
of government to provide, not only that mill-
