1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2ms
election. The day after the election he said
10 J. F. Elder that he had voted at that poll
and that he regarded it as a good joke. His
mother then lived in Wayne county, but out-
side of Wayne township.
5. J. W. Barton was clearly an illegal voter
for non-residence.
The following is the substance of the evi-
dence in his ease: he voted for contestee at the
north pole, Wayne township, Wayne county;
ballot produced. Immediately after voting he
told J. N. Weaver that his residence was then
in Ohio. He lived in Richmond, Indiana, two
years before the election ; has not lived there
since.
6. Jonathan Dunbar was clearly an illegal
voter. The following is the substance of the evi-
dence in his case: he voted for contestee ia
Centre township, Hancock county ; ballot pro-
duced, No. 43. Was there on a visit to his
uncle, and went to school a few days before
the election. He appeared to be eighteen or
nineteen years of age. Left so soon as he voted,
and was not seen in the township afterward.
His uncle died soon after the election, and
he was not at the funeral. His father lived in
Wabash county, Indiana. He said he lived at
his father's.
7. William Hinshaw was clearly an illegal
voter. The substance of the evidence in his
case is as follows: he voted for contestee at
Centre township, Hancock county; ballot pro-
duced, No. 439. His residence at the time was
Knightstown. Henry county. He declared to
H. A. Swope his home was there, and that he
was only in Centre temporarily. Since the
election he cjuit working in Centre and went
home. While working in Centre he went
home Saturday nights and came back to work
Monday mornings. His home was with his
sister in Knightstown.
8. Oliver Carson was clearly an illegal voter.
The substance of the evidence in his case is as
follows: he voted for coutestee at Centre
township, Hancock county; ballot produced,
No. 520. Removed from there prior to May,
1870, and settled iuth« county of Boone, where
he lived at the time of voting in Hancock.
9. John R McKensey was clearly an illegal
voter. The substance of the evidence in his
case is as follows: he voted for contestee in
Green township, Hancock county; ballot pro-
duced,, No. 159. In October, 1869, he made
a public sale of his effects; said he. wasgoing to
Kansas to settle there, and left Indiana. "Some
time in August or September, 1870, he returned
to Green township. He said he liked his new-
home and was going to stay there, and had
come back only to settle up his business. He
shortly left, and has never returned.
ILLEGAL VOTES FOR CONTESTEE—BALLOT NOT PRO-
DUCED.
The following-named thirteen persons are
clearly proven to have been illegal voters for
contestee, but the poll-books and the ballots
were not produced, nor the non-production of
them explained, so as to let in secondary evi-
dence ; wherefore the objection to them is
overruled:
1. J. L. Yaryan voted for contestee. Wit-
ness, J. M. Smith, examined his ballot, and
his name on the poll-book. His number was
765; same on both.
2. Abijah Bales voted for contestee. Wit-
ness, J. T. Barrett, examined his ballot, and
bis name on the poll-book. His number was
49 ; same on both.
3. Charles Sawyer voted for contestee. Wit-
ness, Samuel Leonard, examined his ballot,
and his name on the poll-book. His number
was 8 ; same on both.
4. David Benizieu voted for the contestee.
Witness, Samuel Leonard, examined his bal-
lot, and his name on the poll-book. His num-
ber was 417 ; same on both.
5. John Bell voted for contestee. Witness,
T. N. Thorpe, examined his ballot, and his
name on the poll-book. His number was 18 ;
same on both.
6. Louis Raridin voted for contestee. Wit-
ness, T. A. Thorpe, examined his ballot, and
his name on the poll-book. His number was
39; same on both.
7. S. G. Goodwin voted for contestee. Wit-
ness, 8. S. Harreil, examined his ballot, and
his name on the poll-book. His number was
207 ; same on both.
8. Perry Williams voted for contestee. Wit-
ness, S, S. Harreil, examined his ballot, and
his name on the poll-book. His number was
225 ; same on both.
9. Robert Gilbreath voted for contestee.
Witness, O'Brien Gwynne, examined his bal-
lot, and his name on the poll-book. His num-
ber was 198 ; same on both.
10. David Ricketts voted for contestee. Wit-
ness, Isaac Odell, examined his ballot, and his
name on the poll-book. His number was 91;
same on both.
11. Daniel Forrest voted for contestee. Wit-
ness, J. D. Lacy, examined his ballot, and his
name on the poll-book. His number was 81;
same on both.
12. J. T. Floy voted for contestee. Wit-
ness, J. D. Lacy, examined his ballot, and his
name on the poll-book. His number was 234;
same on both.
13. Martiu Jones voted for contestee. Wit-
ness, J. D. Lacy, examined his ballot, and his
name on the poll-book. His number was
38 ; same on both.
In the case of Isaac Stewart the non-produc-
tion of the original ballot and poll-book is sat-
isfactorily accounted for by contestant, and the
sworn copies are in as competent evidence,
and this vote for coutestee deducted as proven
illegal.
The number of illegal votes for contestee
proven by the ballot is therefore 9; and the
number proven bywituesses who inspected the
ballots and poll-books and swear to the num-
bers of the voters on both, 13.
ILLEGAL VOTES FOR CONTESTANT—PROVED.
Bv the weight of the evidence the following-
named persons voted illegally for contestant;
ballots produced:
1. Charles Savoy, Jefferson township, county
of Wayne. Number of ballots, 50,
2. J. Quinn, Cambridge poll. Jackson town-
ship, county of Wayne. Number, 037.
3. M. Stafford, Hanover township, county
of Shelby. Number, 289.
—'■St.- WiHIarn"Kimmer", Dublin, Jackson town-
ship, county of Wayne. Number, 21.
5. C. Wilkinson, Brandywine township,
county of Shelby. Number, 149.
6. J. H. Lake, second precinct, White
Watertownship, Franklin county. Number, 91.
The following-named two persons are clearly
proven to have voted illegally for contestant,
but the poll-books and ballots were not pro-
duced :
1. John Shore, Vernon township, county
of Hancock.
2. George Anthony, Brookville, county of
Hancock.
But in the case of Anthony it appears the
attorney for contestant waived the production
and filing of the ballot and poll-book, and let
in the sworn statements of the witness who
inspected them.
The whole number of illegal votes for con-
testant proven by the ballot is therefore_6 ; and
the number proven by a witness who inspect-
ed the ballot and poll-book and swore to the
number of the vote on both, 1; total, 7.
AMBIGUITY IN THE BALLOT.
At the precinct in the township of Bran-
dywine, county of Shelby, two ballots were
counted for contestee, which had in each
of them for Congress merely the letters
" Wilson." Ballot No. 7 was voted by John
Pyle. Ballot No. 254 was voted by Abe
Walker. These two ballots were defective for
ambiguity on their face, and it was error to
count them. Prima facie a vote received by
the officers of election is a legal vote. This
is a presumption of law. But there is no pre-
sumption or intendment of law in aid of a
ballot which is uncertain and ambiguous on
its face. The cardinal rule is to give effect to
the intention of the voter whenever it is not
left in uncertainty. The thirty-seventh section
of the Indiana act of June 7,1852, (1G-. & H.,
volume 1, page 311,) last clause—" no ticket
shall be lost for want of form, if the board of
judges can determine to their satisfaction the
person voted for and the office intended"—
is simply a statutory enactment of a well-set-
tled rule of evidence. The judgment of the
board there spoken of imports a judicial act,
which is the subject of revision by this House,
the court of last resort and of reversal for error.
Now, the weight of authority is that, such
ballots cannot be counted unless explained
and applied by extrinsic evidence of circum-
stances surrounding the election admissible
in such cases to remove the ambiguity ; such
as who were the candidates brought forward
by the nominating conventions, whether there
were persons of the same name residing in the
district from which the officer was to be
chosen ; and if so, whether they were eligible
or had been named for the office. (Cooley's
Const. Litn., 608-611 ; 1 Greenf. Ev., 282.)
But the onus probandi is upon the party in-
sisting on the ballots. And the contestee has
offered no proof in explanation of them.
The parties to this record presented several
other questions, which have not been over-
looked, but are deemed immaterial in their
influence upon the merits of the case.
RESULT.
Mistakes against him alleged by contestant...... 4,673
Mistakes against him alleged by contestee  1,300
Mistakes against contestant proven.
South precinct, Wayne county, miscount against
contestant 12
Green township, Wayne county, miscount against
contestant . . 5
Noble township, Rush county, miscount against
contestant    2
Brandywine township, Shelby county, misoount
against contestant  2
Total miscounts against contestant 21
Total illegal votes for contestee proved by bal-
lot   9
Official return for contestant   12,557
Add miscount against contestant  21
Total vote for contestant    12,578
Deduct illegal vote for contestant  7
True legal vote for contestant  12,571
CONTRA.
Mistakes against contestee proved.
South precinct,Wayne county,miscount
against contestee  1
Mt, Carmel, Franklin county, illegally
rejected    1
Total against contestee  2
Official return for contestee 12,561 s
Add miscounts, &c., against contestee..., 2
Total vote for contestee 12,563
Deduct illegal votesfor him  9
True legal vote for him  12,554
Legal majority for contestant proved   17
I now yield ten minutes to my colleague on
the committee, the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. XiicE.]
Mr. KICE, of Illinois. Mr, Speaker, in
the performance of my duties as a member
of the Committee of Elections I have seldom
had occasion to differ with the majority on any
material question; and I regret that on this
occasion there should be any necessity for
such a difference. But so well convinced am
I of the incorrectness of the conclusions to
which the majority of the committee have
arrived, both as to the questions of law and
of fact, that I caunot, in justice to my own
convictions, do less than state to the House
the grounds of my opinions.
I agree that the question is a very important
one; but I do not admit, as has been inti-
mated, that as a matter of law there is any-
