874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
sas to welcome everybody that chooses to
come voluntarily to the United States with an
American heart in his bosom, I welcome
every one who has a human heart in his
bosom.
Mr. POMEROY. What other kind could
he have?
Mr. WILSON. I would have our doors
open to every human being on earth to come
here and better his condition if he can. But,
Mr. President, I remember this question was
here once before; I remember we had a sharp
controversy on a bill then under the care of
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Conkling.]
I thought his bill one of the most important
that I had ever been called to vote upon. I
thought so then; I think so now. It was
one of the most important measures we ever
passed, and I voted against the proposition
then relating to this question of race, and
received very sharp criticisms for doing so.
Now, I propose to-day, if I can help the
amendment,, to vote to strike out this section
if we are forced to this vote. I am for the
essential features of the original amendment.
I am especially for that portion of the amend-
ment which relates to traveling and to public
houses. I think those essential portions of
that amendment are extremely important, and
are worth all the struggle that has been made
to incorporate them into the law of the coun-
try. There are evidences about us every day
that justify this notion. I am always in favor
of accomplishing to-day the work of to-doy,
and getting all wo can to-day that is right, and
if we do not get all the right now, there are
days before us for us or somebody else to work
for the right. All the reformatory measures
that have been carried during the last ten
years have been carried in detail, a little to-
day and a little to-morrow.
The first proposition we carried was brought
in from the Judiciary Committee by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Tbttmbum,,J to make
free the slaves of rebels that were put into
their armies, and there was great hesitation
about that simple proposition. So wo went
on, from one thing to another, until wc have
made a race formerly slaves citizens on equal
rights with ourselves, and there is very little
left to do, and most of that little is in this
amendment proposed by my colleague. I be-
hove it is necessary to puss its essential pro-
visions, and if Senators who are in favor of
those provisions feel doubt and cannot vote
for this measure if this section is retained that
my colleague iias proposed to leave out for
the strengthening of the whole, why not do it?
Our doors are open on the Atlantic and on
the Pacific, on the Mexican border, and on the
lines of Canada, to those abroad who choose
to come among us, and 1 am in favor of wel-
coming everybody who individually chooses
to come and behave himself among us. I
would give them all the rights we give any-
body else, protect them in all respects, give
them the same protection we would give oru
own families. 1 am equally opposed to a sys-
tem that shall send the thieves of any part of
the world to this country to get rid of them.
I do not believe that uny foreign Governments
ought to do that, and I think we have the
right to protect ourselves against it. 1 do not
believe in that policy which would gather up
capital in this country and send it out on a
tour through the world to secure cheap labor
to bring into this country to antagonize against
the toiling men of our own land. That is too
much like the old slave trade, and the mod-
ern coolie trade. But to any man, African,
Asiatic, European, who chooses himself to
turn his face toward our country, to come here
to live among us, to share our fortunes, to do
his part in life, I would treat him like a man,
aud an American citizen, and protect him in all
his rights, and I have no fear of these men from
any quarter of the globe. We have difficulties.
We have to take our chances in these matters;
but I believe in the vital force of our repub-
lican institutions, and that spirit of Chris-
tianity which recognizes the fatherhood of
God and the brotherhood of humanity, and I
have no fear for the future of the Republic.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I did not
intend to intrude upon the Senate again on
this subject; but as the time draws near for a
vote on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] I-wish to say
a word or two.
It seems to have become the fashion with
the Senator from Massachusetts to talk of
opposition to any bill which is offered by him
on this great subject of human rights as com-
ing from the spirit of slavery, which dies hard
in the country, and especially hard in this
Chamber. Now, Mr. President, if there is
any one thing which seems to have stood out
prominently in this debate, it is the purpose
of the Senator from Massachusetts to place
everybody else in the Senate in the wrong if
they do not accept his methods as the best
methods. It seems to have been his purpose
to say to every Senator who does not coin-
cide with him exactly in his action upon this
amnesty measure and upon the civil rights
measure, that he is an advocate of injustice
toward a large portion of our fellow-citizens.
Time and time again since this debate com-
menced has that sort of spirit manifested
itself in the speeches of the Senator from
Massachusetts. For one, I am tired of it. I
am satisfied to go before the country with my
action upon this measure and upon every
other measure, and I hold that that Senator
has no right to characterize the action of
those who do not see fit to vote with him as
to the mode of parliamentary action on this
measure, or any other, as being hostile to
the rights of man, or as being ministers of
that spirit of slavery which dies so hard, as
he says, in this Chamber.
I announced in the beginning of this debate
that I should vote against the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts. I as dis-
tinctly at that time announced that I was in
favor of his bill; that I would vote for a bill
having substantially the same principles un-
derlying it, when it was presented as an inde-
pendent measure ; and yet, throughout the
whole course of the debate, he has left no occa-
sion unimproved on which he could intimate |
that those who are voting as I propose to vote
on this measure were opposed to granting
equal rights to the colored race. Now, sir, I
think it unworthy that distinguished Senator
to take this course. I think the cause of equal
rights demands the exertions of all its friends
on this floor and elsewhere, and I do not think
he does his country or his cause justice, or
docs his country or his cause good, when he
ostracizes those who choose different methods
to arrive at the sapie result which he has in
view.
I have a large constituency whose rights
are to be affected by the passage of some bill
like that which the Senator desires to append
to this bill as an amendment. I desire to
see their rights secured. I desire to see
those men stand up as men in the full dignity
of the manhood with which they have been
endowed by their Creator, and of the rights
which have been secured to them in a large
degree by the legislation of the country, and I
do not desire that that Senator or any other
Senator should rise here in his place and say
that I am false to the trust which they have
imposed on me; and yet that is the practical
inference to be drawn from his language dur-
ing this debate.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will allow me
a word. I have made no aliusion to the Sen-
ator.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has alluded to all those who voted
against his amendment as an attachment to
this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I have alluded to those
who opposed giving civil rights to the colored |
people. I have made no allusion to the Sen-
ator. He certainly magnifies himself. I have
made no allusion to him whatever, nor in the
course of this debate, since I read the testi-
mony from his own State, have I had the Sen-
ator in my mind except with friendship and
respect—never at all. The Senator makes a
great mistake.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not mean to intimate
that the Senator pointed at me distinctly.
Mr. SUMNER. Distinctly I have never
had the Senator in my mind at all.
Mr. SAWYER. It is quite possible. I
could hardly expect to rise to the dignity of
being in that Senator's mind. I ask the Sen-
ator's pardon. If I magnify myself, certainly
I have had a good master here. If I did I
have had good examples before me. I do not
desire to magnify myself. Counting myself
the humblest member on this floor, I yet hold
that I have the right to act in a matter of par-
liamentary tactics here according to the dic-
tates of my own judgment. 1 hold that I, like
every Senator who sits here, have the right to
judge for myself whether I will subject a meas-
ure whose passage I desire to the hazard of
requiring a two-thirds vote when I know it can
be passed by a majority vote only, without
having my motives impugned, or being sup-
posed to be an enemy of justice and of the
rights of a large portion of our fellow-citizens;
and yet I say the current of the Senator's
remarks upon this question, from beginning
to end, does tend to place those who vote as I
do on this matter in the ranks of the enemies
of the civil rights bill
I am not the only Senator who has felt that
that was his position. We do not desire to
vote against the bill of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. We desire, on the other hand, to
see that bill passed. Had that bill come before
the Senate first, I would have cheerfully voted
for it first. It was not in the order of business
first, but the bill in hand was the amnesty bill.
It had been here for a long time; the country
had been pressing it upon the attention of
Congress. The country may be said to have
demanded the passage of an amnesty bill.
The Senator thinks the country may be said to
demand the passage of his bill. I admit such
a demand; but it was not the bill in hand.
The bill in hand was the amnesty bill, a bill
which the country demanded, and which the
necessities of the country required, which peace
throughout the country required, a bill which
should have been passed long ago; and the
enemies of the amnesty bill, those who have
from first to last been its enemies, come here
and demand to attach amendment after amend-
ment to it, for what? Under—I will not say
the pretext, I will not say the pretence, but
with the avowed purpose of strengthening it,
when there is no Senator who, if he reflects a
moment, cannot spe that it is weakened by
this amendment, while the bill offered as an
amendment is weakened also by the union.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question? •
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. It seems to me, after
the vote just taken in the Senate, the Senator
is not justified in making that remark. I am
very clear that the amendment proposed by"
the Senatorfrom Massachusettsis to strengthen
this amnesty bill. Every Democrat has voted
with him, showing his preference for that over
au amendment which contained only a part of
it. They are for it evidently. It will strengthen
this bill.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator is more in-
genious than sagacious, I think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I think he is right
on both sides.
Mr. SAWYER. You think he is ingenious
and sagacious too.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. He is more ingenious than
ingenuous. [Laughter.] I did not suppose any-
body would seriously entertain the idea. I did
