822
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6, 1872.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Public Buildings and Grounds of the Senate
and House of Representatives be, and they
are hereby, instructed to inspect all models
lor a colossal statue of the late Admiral Far-
ragut that may be presented to them on or
before the first of January, eighteen hundred
and seventy-three, and select therefrom, within
thirty days thereafter, the one that in their
judgment shall be the most faithful likeness
in form and feature, and the most appropriate
to commemorate the deeds and character of
the said Admiral j and that the Secretary of
the Navy be, and he is hereby, directed to
contract with the sculptor who shall have pre-
pared the model so selected, for a colossal
statue of the said Admiral, at a cost not ex-
ceeding twenty thousand dollars, to be erected
in Farragut square, in the city of Washington,
District of Columbia, or in such other place
as he may designate: Provided, That if no
such model shall be presented on or before
the time designated which the said commit-
tees shall agree upon as a work of art entirely
worthy as a tribute of the nation to the naval
hero whose memory it is proposed to com-
memorate, they may reject any and all so pre-
sented, and report the fact to their respective
Houses.
Approved, April 16, 1872.
No. 3.—Joint Resolution granting Condemned
Cannon for the erection of a Soldiers' Mon-
ument at Mound City, Illinois.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and is hereby, authorized to deliver to
the Governor of the State of Illinois four
pieces of condemned brass cannon, and thirty
round shot of proper size, to be used iu the
erection of a soldiers' monument at Mound
City, Illinois.
Approved, April 22, 1812.
No. 4.—Joint Resolution appointing Commis-
sioners to inquire into Depredations on the
Frontiers of the State of Texas.
Whereas there are complaints of many dep-
redations having been committed for several
years past upon the frontiers of the State of
Texas, by bands of Indians and Mexicans
who crossed the Rio Grande river into the
State of Texas, murdering the inhabitants or
carrying them into captivity, and destroying
or carrying away the property of the citizens
of said State; as also that bands of Indians
have committed and continue to commit like
depredations on the property, lives, and liberty
of the citizens along the northern and north-
western frontiers of said State: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
and empowered to appoint three persons to
act as commissioners to inquire into the extent
and character of said depredations, by whom
committed, their residence, or country inhab-
ited by them, the persons murdered or carried
into captivity, the character and value of the
property destroyed or carried away, from what
portions of said State, and to whom the same
belonged.
Sec. 2. That it shall be the duty of said
commissioners, or a majority of them, as soon
as practicable, to proceed to the frontiers of
said State, and take the testimony, under oath,
of such witnesses as may appear before them,
after having given notice forten days previous,
by publication in the nearest newspaper, of
the time and place of their meeting, of all
such depredations, when, where, by, and upon
whom committed, and shall make up and trans-
mit to the President full reports of their said
investigations.
Sec. 3. That said commissioners shall be
entitled to and receive as compensation for
their services the sum of ten dollars per day
each, and their travelling expenses to each,
for and during the time they shall be engaged
in said service; and the sum of six thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, be, and the same is hereby, appropri-
ated, to pay the expenses of said investigation
and said commissioners.
Approved, May 7, 1872.
No. 6.—Joint Resolution providing for a more
effective system of Quarantine on the South-
ern and Gulf Coasts.
Whereas experience has proved that the
present system of quarantine on the southern
and Gulf coasts is inefficient to prevent the
ravages of yellow fever in the cities and towns
of that'seel ion : Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and is hereby, directed to detail one or
more medical officers of the regular Army, who
shall, during the coming season, visit each
town or port on the coast of the Gulf of Mex-
ico and the Atlantic coast, which is subject or
liable to invasions of yellow fever, and shall
confer with the authorities of such port or
town, with reference to the establishment of a
more uniform and effective system of quaran-
tine, and who shall ascertain all facts havin'g
reference to the outbreaks of this disease in
such ports or towns, and whether any system
of quarantine is likely to be effective in pre-
venting invasions of yellow fever, and, if so,
what system will least interfere with the inter-
ests of commerce at said ports; and shall
make, also, a detailed report on this subject
to the Secretary of War, through the Surgeon ,
General, on or before the assembling of the
third session of the Forty-Second Congress,
in December, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two.
Approved, June 6, 1872.
