urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
tribes of Indians in the northern superintend-
ency; and ;
An act (S. No. 1175) for the relief of cer-
tain Indians in the central snperiritendency.
.. The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendments of the House
to the bill (S. No. 996) to repeal so much of
Section six of an.act entitled " An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 80, 1870, and for
other purposes," approved -March 3, 1869, as
prohibits promotions in the staff departments
of the Army..
Themessage also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, House
bills of tie following titles :
An aet (H. R. No. 2949) for the relief of
William B. Muse ;
An act (H. R. No. 1457) for the relief of Mar-
tin P. Hardin, of Pontotoc county, Mississippi;
A  act (H. R. No. 1424) to reimburse John
E. Woodward for certain moneys paid by him ;
An act (H. 11. No. 1310) for the relief of
George W. Sturtevant; and
An act (H. R. No. 1634) for the relief of
Benjamin W. Reynolds.
ENROLLED BILLS STONED.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they bad
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
followiug titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 1564) for the relief of
William P. Baker, postmaster at Northville,
Fulton county, New York ;
An act (H. R. No. 1786) for the relief of
Henry N. Galpin, postmaster at Berlin, Con-
necticut;
An act (H. R. No. 1936) for the relief of
Herman Raster, collector of internal revenue
for the first district of Illinois ;
_ An act (H. R. No. 2705) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for tlie fiscal year ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 2876) for the relief of
John C, Beaumont,;
An act (H. R. No. 2942) for the construc-
tion of a custom-house, bonded warehouse,
and post oSice at Port Huron, Michigan;
An act (H. R. No. 2977) for the restoration
to market of certain lands in Michigan ;
An act (S. No. 2C5) to authorize the payment
of bounty to Ann McCarthy ;
An act(S. No. 467) to provide for the erec-
tion of a building suitable for the use of the
United States courts, post office, and other
necessary Government offices at Raleigh, N orth
Carolina;
An act (S. No. 624) confirming and extend-
ing^ patent right to Levi W. Pond and Eau
Claire Lumber Company;
An act (S. No. 905) for the relief Harriet
Spring, the heir of Captain Williams Barker,
deceased; and
An act (H. R. No. 1017) to prevent and
punish the obstruction of the administration of
justice in the courts of the United States.
MARE ISLAND RESERVATION.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I submit
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior and
the Secretary of Waft respectively, be requested to
furnish the House of Representatives with inform-
ation as to "whether military reservation No. 7.
situate near Mare Island, on which is located the
united States navy-yard and dry-dock, on thenorth
side of Mare Island straits, in the harbor of San
irancisco, State of California, is or is not in the pos-
session ol the Government of the United States;
and also whether or not the title of tho United
btates thereto has been extinguished; if yea, under
ana by what authority thesamewasso extinguished,
at whose instance, for whose benefit, and the neces-
sity, it any, therefor, and the facts and circum-
stances attending the same.
That is a resolution simply calling for inform-
ation.
Mr. COGHLAN.
do not understand
What is it ?
. Mr. RANDALL.
Mr.- COGHLAN.
Mr. RANDALL.
I object to it because I
what the resolution is.
The resolution is right.
But what is it for ?
To know what the rights
of the Government are.
Mr. COGHLAN. If the gentleman will
look into the statutes he will find'in them that
Congress some years ago passed a law to sell
the lands around Mare1 Island, and they have
been sold. Is this the meaning of the resolu-
tion? Is it for information as to what became
of these lands ? I did not correctly hear the
resolution when read. • •
Mr. RANDALL. I want to know by what
authority the Government has been deprived
of its rights. This resolution is simply for
information.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
eighty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. COGHLAN. I withdraw any further
demand for a division, as I now understand
the gentleman's objectis merely to get inform-
ation.
The resolution was adopted.
And then, 011 motion of Mr. GARFIELD,
of Ohio, (at five minutes after seven o'clock
p. m.,_the House took a recess until a quarter
past eight p. m.)
AFTER THE RECESS.
The House resumed its session at a quarter
past eight o'clock p. m.
CLERKS TO COMMITTERS.
Mr. SHANKS. I offer the following reso-
lution :
llcaolvcd. That the clerk of the Committee on
Indian Affairs be retained in service so long daring
the next recess as the chairman may deem his ser-
vices necessary.
Mr. RANDALL. We have eutire confi-
dence in the chairman.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the-vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the clerk of the Committee on
Patents and the clerk of tho Committee on Privato
Land Claims be continued during the next roccss of
Congress at the present compensation.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPITOL LA BORE US
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That all the laborers employed about
the Capitol, who are discharged at the end of this
session, be paid for the month of June out of the
contingent fund of the House.
OFFICERS OF FOLDING-ROOM.
Mr. PLATT. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the resolution which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
llesolved. That the Doorkeeper be authorized to
retain on his rolls during the recess the name of
William B. Pemberton, of Virginia, to be employed
m the folding-room.
Mr. RANDALL. What are his duties ?
Mr. PLATT. I will make a brief explan-
ation.
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be very brief.
Mr. PLATT. This Pemberton is the only
man employed about the Capitol from the
State of Virginia, and he is one of the best
of the men so employed. The Doorkeeper
is unable to bring him under the resolution
recently adopted, but desires his services. He
has a large family. It is one of the most
meritorious cases which can appeal to this
House, and I hope there will be no opposition
to the resolution.
There was no objection, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. McJUNKIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to' offer the resolution which I send to
the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of the House be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to retain
on the pay-roll in the folding department of the
House the name of James E. N. Thompson until the
meeting of Congress in December next.
Mr. ARCHER. I will offer no objection to
that resolution. But I desire to say that the
Committee ou Accounts have given a very
large allowance to the Doorkeeper. I do not,
however, oppose the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. Perhaps he may be neces-
sary to help the Democratic party to its vic-
tory. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. They will need help.
[Laughter.]
There being no objection, the resolution was
agreed to.
GENERAL JOHN A. RAWLINS.
Mr. COBURN. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (S. No. 1164) appropriating
$10,000 for a statue of General John A. Raw-
lins be taken from the Speaker's table and
put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It appropriates the sum
of $10,000 out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated to procure a life-
size statue of General John A. Rawlins, late
Secretary of War, to be placed as a center-
piece of a fountain in Franklin 'square; the
design to be approved by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings and Grounds, the architect
of the Capitol extension, and the Librarian
of Congress.
There was no objection; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read three
times, and passed.
ARKANSAS COLLEGE SCRIP.
Mr. HANKS. I ask that the bill (H. R.
No. 2109) to authorize the issuance of college
scrip to the State of Arkansas, with amend-
ments by the Senate, be taken from the
Speaker's table, and that the amendments be
concurred in.
The amendments were read, as follows :
In line six, after the word "acres," insert "and
ninety thousand acres to the secretary of the board
of trustees ot tlie State agricultural college of the
State of Florida."
At the end of line eight, insert the following :
Provided, That no scrip as aforesaid shall be de-
livered to the authorities of the State of Arkansas
until said State shall have made some satisfactory
arrangement by which the bonds of said State, prin-
cipal and interest, now held by the United States as
Indian trust funds, shall be funded in new bonds
authorized to be issued by said State for this purpose.
Add the following section:
That the time within which the State of Indiana
may comply with the provisions of the act of July
23, 18615, entitled "An act to amend the fifth section
of an act entitled 'An a,ct donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may pro-
vide colleges tor the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts,' approved July 2,1862, so as to extend
the time within which the provisions of said act
shall be accepted and such colleges established,**
is hereby extended so that the State of Indiana,
shall have the period of two years after the 1st day
of July, 18/2, within which to provide atleastone
college, as described in the fourth section of an act
entitled ' An act donating public lands to the several
btates and Territories which may provide colleges
ior the beDefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
approved J uly^ 2, 1862.
_ Amend the title so as to read: "An act'to author-
ize the issuance of college scrip to the State of
Arkansas, and for other purposes."
Mr. HOAR. I think that bill should be
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor.
Mr. HANKS. I ask the previous question
on the motion to concur.
Mr. PERCJE. I desire to it ujuire of the
Chair how this bill comes before the House ?
The SPEAKER, By consent,
