1770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
given a drawback for less than the tax, as I
■understand. So it is with reference to almost
every article so far as the law of drawback is
concerned. I do not say that in the case of
the drawback on whisky the same principle is
applied as we ask to apply here, but it is on
whisky to be exported anywhere or by any
person. It only shows that the principle of
drawback is a principle that has been carried
out from the time the Government commenced
to the present day, and that, too, in the very
same line that we are asking it to be carried
to-day.
The Senator said (and I thought it was so
at the time, and evidently the Senate thought
so when this question was before us pre-
viously) that the constitutional question had
never been made before, that the precedent
in Maine was the only precedent; but when
we come to examine the statutes we find that
the Senator is mistaken. We find precedent
after precedent for this bill. We find a pre-
cedent in Berks county, Pennsylvania; wefind
it in reference to schools, in reference to col-
leges, in reference to Bible societies located
at certain places; in reference to everything
of that kind used for a certain purpose, and in
reference to railroads; and the statute itself
says "for the encouragement of the railroads
in this country." This is applicable to this
particular railroad with reference to spikes,
benches, clamps, and fastenings; and if you
examine the law in reference to refunding the
duties on spikes and clamps, you will find that
Mr. Lynch, of Maine, drew the Portland bill
and copied it almost verbatim from this law of
1824. So, sir, this bill in not without prece-
dent, and not without plenty of them.
Then, in reference to the fisheries. I do not
wish to take up time; 1 have a number of
statutes here that I should like to read ; but I
will give way in a moment for somebody else,
who may argue the question much more ably
than 1 cau. 1 have quite a number more of
these statutes, as I have said, that 1 could
read, but I will not do so. Let me refer,
however, to the statute in reference to the
drawback on salt, applicable to the Atlantic
coaBt alone, because it is used nowhere else,
and the drawback on dried fish, pickled fish,
and certain other qualities of fish. If you
should use the salt on mutton, you would
have no drawback ; if you should use it on
beef, you would have no drawback; but if you
use it on a certain kind of fish, then you have
a drawback. If you take fish in the State
where my friend on my right [Mr. Hamilton,
of Texas] lives, you would not get a drawback
on the salt used in preserving the fish, because
I guess they do not raise the kind of fish down
there on the salting of which a drawback is
allowed. Out in my country we would not, I am
sure. We have no fish out there except white
fish and perch, and some others of a kind not
enumerated in this statute. Hence, I say this
^ statute does not apply generally, but only to
r the Atlantic coast, and only applies there
where cod-fish and certain other fish enum-
erated in the statute are taken. There the
rebate or remission is given for the purpose
of encouraging the catching of fish and for the
purpose ot supplying a nursery for seamen.
It is upon the very same principle that we ask
the passage of this bill. That principle is as
old as the Government; that law is as old as
the Government; the statutes are as old as the
Government; and yet we are told they are
unconstitutional.
I was very much astonished at one point
that theSenatoralways attempts to make. He
tries to encourage the prejudice of the Senate
against Chicago. I have never found it in my
heart to say anything against Milwaukee, for
1 have nothing against her. But he speaks
of Chicago as having nabobs in it. He spoke
the other day, when it was in its ashes and
the smoke had hardly been swept by the winds
away from the smoldering remains, of its "ar-
rogance." He insinuated that it was arrogant,
and therefore you must not do justice to it.
This afternoon he says this appeal is for the
benefit of nabobs, and nobody else; the poor
people will not receive any benefit from it.
Why, sir, if a poor man is able to build him a
house, he will get the benefit of this act. It
depends on whether he builds himself a house
or not. If he builds a house, he will get it.
Itapplies to nobody but those who build houses;
whether they be nabobs or not makes no dif-
ference. The bill is not for the benefit of the
nabob, or of the poor man, or of the rich man,
or of the middle man, as he may be called, but
it is to encourage the rebuilding of that city
again. The same principle is involved that
was involved in every statute that has been
passed here for the remission of duties on
rails for railroads, philosophical apparatus,
and everything of that kind. Duties are re-
mitted on the latter for the encouragement of
education ; on rails for the encouragement of
commerce. We propose this measure to aid
in rebuilding the city for the encouragement
of the people there, and that the Government
may be benefited by it. They are all on the
same principle precisely.
Sir, the idea seems a strange one of a Sena-
tor talking about nabobs when he speaks of
the ashes of a smoldering city. There are
no nabobs there now. They have gone to the
Senator's city of bricks, and they are residing
there to-day. The wealthiest inan we had in
Chicago lives to-day in the Senator's own city,
and he knows it; and yet he talks about
nabobs. Sir, this is but the prejudice of a
small town against a large city ; but the preju-
dice of a small town ought not to take root in
the brain of a large man. A man of generous
and noble impulses ought to reject and root
out every small thing from his mind. But,
sir, if a man makes an appeal against a bill of
this kind on the ground of prejudice, it is an
evidence that the days of small things are not
yet past.
I hope that so far as this bill is concerned it
will be decided on its merits. If we are enti-
tled to it in justice, in equity, in good con-
science, on the grounds of generosity and pre-
cedent, give it to us. If we are not, do not
give it to us; but do not refuse it because cer-
tain men may or may not live in Chicago.
That is a strange argument to be addressed to
the Senate of the United States.
Mr. President, I did not intend to occupy
the time of the Senate so long as I have, and
I must apologize for doing so. My humble
apology is my-feeling in behalf of this suffer-
ing people. My humble apology is that we
ask that the same justice be done to us that has
been done to others ; that the same relief that
has been extended to others shall be extended
to the unfortunate people of Chicago. My
excuse further is, that it is desired that Con-
gress should act with the same magnanimity
and generosity toward that unfortunate city
that the people of the whole world have acted.
Why, sir, you have fed foreign nations; you
have fed your enemies; you have clothed
your enemies; you have built school-houses
in the South, and many other things of that
sort you have done for charity, and because
you thought it was right to do so. To day the
people ol Chicago ask the Congress of the
United States to extend to them that generos-
ity which has been extended to every other
city that has ever asked for it in this country,
which has been subject to a like great misfor-
tune, and they ask for it on precisely the same
ground that the relief was heretofore asked.
Do not let it be said that the people of the
world nobly responded in charity to the suffer-
ing and wants of these people in misfortune,
and yet, when Congress was asked to do alittle
generous act to the people of that city by re-
funding duties on certain articles imported, we
were met with the argument that nabobs were
to be benefited or that the Constitution stands
iu the way. Sir, it has never stood in the
way from 1790 up to the present day until it
was suggested in the case of Chicago. That
is the first time that such an objection was
ever brought to bear in the Congress of the
United States. It does look like a prejudice
against that unfortunate city moi" than any-
thing else.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, when the
original bill was voted ujjon some tine since,
without much consideration, having a kindly
feeling toward the people of Chicago who had
suffered in consequence of the fire, I voted for
it. Subsequently a motion was made to re-
consider that vote, and in the discussion which
followed the question of the constitutionality
of the bill was raised, and the Senator from
Wisconsin, who we all know is a very good
lawyer, gave it as his opinion'that it was un-
constitutional, and made a short statement in
support of that opinion, and I voted for the
reconsideration. As I now propose to vote as I
did in the first instance, for the bill when it
shall be put upon its passage, I think it proper
that I should explain the reasons why I do so
after having voted for the reconsideration.
When it was first suggested that the bill was
unconstitutional it struck me that there was
something in the objection; but, upon more
mature reflection, I have come to the con-
clusion that there is nothing in this bill in
violation of the provisions of the Constitu-
tion, to which reference has been made. In
the first place, I do not regard this as a bill
for the admission of goods free of duty at the
port of Chicago. It proposes to give to these
people who use the materials described in the
bill a drawback to the amount of the duties
imposed by law.
Now, sir, according to my understanding of
the law and the practice, it will be found that
this phraseology is used here merely to ascer-
tain the amount that is to be paid to these
people out of the Treasury. The duties upon
these goods are to be paid; the money is to
go into the Treasury; and under such regula-
tions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Treasury the money is to go out of the
Treasury again. The language used here, I
repeat, is simply for the purpose of ascertain-
ing the amount due to each individual. In
otner words, it is simply an appropriation of
so much money, and in substance is precisely
the same, if the amount should turn out to be
the same, as the amendment offered by
the Senator from Michigan a few moments
since 
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BOREMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Did he ever know of
an appropriation made by Congress which
left to the person to whom the appropriation
was made to determine whether it should be
$1,000 or 3100,000 that was to be paid to him ?
Mr. BOREMAN. It is not left to the per-
son to determine by this bill. The question
I do not think touches the precise case here.
This is to be done under regulations prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will allow
me, it is optional with a man residing in
Chicago whether he will import $1,000 or
$100,000 worth of lumber in a year. The
Secretary of the Treasury cannot regulate the
amount he is to import.
Mr. BOREMAN. He cannot regulate the
amount he is to import, but the amount is
regulated by the language of this statute.
Mr. CARPENTER. By the good pleasure
of the importer.
Mr. BOREMAN. The statute is that he is
to have a drawback upon the amount of this
material that he puts upon the ground hereto-
fore occupied, and on which a building was
burned. That can be ascertained; there is
no difficulty about that; and it results in a
precise sum ultimately. Of course it must do
so, else it cannot be drawn out of the Treas-
ury. It is not left, therefore, to the individual,
except that he may build a finer house w a
