3562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IT,
yes, a monopoly, for trimmed down in its
third version, cat-footed as it is, it in effect
deprives every one of the right to transmit
messages by wire except the beneficiaries
provided for.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator is vastly mis-
taken.
Mr. CONKLING. No, I am not. My friend
will find before this debate is over that I have
read this bill. I may not understand it as well
as he does; but I have read it; I know what
I am talking about.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLING. Always.
Mr. SAWYER. Is there not a provision in
the bill that any telegraph company, either in
existence now or to exist in the future, may
have the privilege of transmitting messages
jnst as they do now, with this single exception,
that they shall pay the same tribute to the
Government that this company is to pay ; that
is, five cents a message?
Mr. CONKLING. On that point, at a con-
venient season, [ will compare gifts with my
friend, and I will not forget it should this dis-
cussion ever be resumed. At this moment my
friend from New Jersey asks me to yield to
him, for what purpose 1 would like to under-
stand.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from New
York has been very courteous and kind to the
Senator from South Carolina and other Sen-
ators who interrupted him. I simply ask him
to yield to me for one moment. The purpose
I cannot explain so well as I could if I were
to take more time to explain the purpose and
carry out that purpose. I have listened with
great pleasure to the Senator from New York,
as I always do, and I should like to sit here
until two o'clock to-morrow morning to listen
to him. It would give me great pleasure to do
it, as it would every gentleman in the Senate,
I am sure; but, at the same time, having sat
here until a very late hpur for many nights, and
coming to committee meetings at ten o'clock
in the morning, the Senate meeting at eleven,
some of us feel as if occasionally we would
like a little sleep. The fact is that when I go
home and go to bed now the voice of the Sen-
ator from New York rings in my ears, and
the voices of other Senators here, until 1 can-
not really sleep when iu my bed. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. I did not yield to my
friend for such confession.
Mr. STOCKTON. Nevertheless you yielded
to me, aud i have the floor by your courtesy.
I came over to his side of the house to move
to lay the bill on the table, without any hos-
tility to the bill, for I really have not examined
the bill, and I do not know what view I will
take of it, but from the thorough conviction
that I think every gentleman in the Senate has
that this bill cannot and ought not to pass to-
night. It is an important bill, one that ought
to be examined. I have changed my mind
since I have been here, and I think the Senate
will agree with me that the best thing we can
do is to adjourn, and if the Senator from New
York will permit me to make the motion I
move that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from New York yield?
Mr. CONKLING. I will after one moment.
Am I right in supposing that the bill taken up
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will be the -unfinished business to-mor-
row after the morning hour?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will. The
Vice President so announced.
Mr. CONKLING. Then lyieldfora motion
to adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw'that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
debatable. Does the Senator from New Jersey
withdraw the motion ?
Mr. RAMSEY. For a moment. I would
like the Senate to indicate some other day
when this business can be resumed.
Mr. CONKLING. No other day will now
be indicated when this will be taken up if my
objection can defeat it. This bill, if taken up
at all, should be taken up at some time when
it can be deliberately and fairly discussed, and,
after finding it here this evening, it will get no
other time to come up in the present condition
of business if my objection will prevent it.
Mr. RAMSEY, i should like very muchto
have the Senate fix some day.
Mr. BOREMAN. Is this in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order. The motion to adjourn is not debat-
able. The Senator from New Jersey moves
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at ten
o'clock and twenty-nine minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 17, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part.
Mr. HALE. I move that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. What is the regular order
of business ?
Mr. HALE. I have a privileged report to
present from a conference committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot state
what business may be first entertained. But
if the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
will direct his inquiry to a particular point,
the Chair will answer it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the unfinished busi-
ness of last evening come over to this morning?
The SPEAKER. It does not. If there be
no objection, the further reading of the Jour-
nal will be dispensed with.
There was no objection, and the further
reading was dispensed with.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION RILL.
Mr. IIALE. I present the following report
of a committee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. It. No. 1191) making appropriations for the
naval service lor the year ending June 30,1873, and
for other purposes, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 6,10,16, 17, 21, 25, 26, and 27.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 2, 19, and 28, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the first clause of the amendment of the House to
the fifteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same; and the House recede from the second
clause of their amendment to said fifteenth amend-
ment, and agree to said amendment as so modified.
That th e Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the twenty-
fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same.
EUGENE HALE,
6. W. SCOFIELD,
STEVENSON ARCHER,
Managers on thepart of the House.
C. COLE.
A. II. CRAGIN.
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Manager* on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was adopted ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bounties to colored soldiers.
Mr. BOLES. I call up the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House laid upon
the table the bill (H. R. No. 1589) amenda-
tory of existing bounty laws, and granting
bounties to persons of color, who were slaves
previous to the 19th of April, 1861, who en-
listed and served in the Army of the United
States. I think this will not cause a great
deal of debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Boles] inform us howthis bill
came to be laid upon the table?
Mr. BOLES. It was reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs adversely, and was
laid on the table. I entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which it was laid on the table,
and now call up that motion. I presume it
will give rise to very little debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. The chairman of the Mili-
tary Committee is not now in his seat. I hope
the gentleman from Arkansas will not insist
upon his motion at present.
Mr. HALE. Let me make a suggestion to
the gentleman from Arkansas. This is evi-
dently a bill that will cause debate; and the
yeas and nays will have to be called upon it.
I suggest to the gentleman that we are evi-
dently near the end of the session, and that
this matter had better be postponed until some
day in December, say the third Monday, or
any other day the gentleman may prefer. That
course will relieve the House of some embar-
rassment in the present state of the public
business.
Mr. BOLES. I am willing to agree to any-
thing that will result in giving bounties to these
men. If this is due to them, it is certainly a
matter of justice that they ought to have it
now; they ought to have had it years ago; but
if the House thinks it better to postpone it,
and will agree to fix a day early next session
for its consideration, I will agree to it.
I ask, then, that the further consideration
of this motion be postponed until the second
Tuesday of December next, after the morning
hour.
There was no objection ; and it was so
ordered.
pottawatomie and shawnee indians.
Mr. BOLES. I rise to make a privileged
report. I present the report of the conference
committee on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the Senate bill No. 988.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 988) co
provide homes for the Pottawatomie and absentee
Shawnee Indians in the Indian territory, having
met, after full and free conference have recom-
mended, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from its first amendment,
and agree to the same with the following amend-
ment, namely:
Insert at the end of section one the following:
Provided, Said Pottawatomie Indians shall neither
acquire nor exercise under the laws of the United
States any rights or privileges in said Indian terri-
tory other than those enjoyed by the members of
the Indian tribes lawfully residing therein: and for
the protection of the rights of persons and property
among themselves, they may enforce the laws and
usages heretofore enforced among them as an Indian
tribe not inconsistent with the Constitution and
laws of the United States; and shall be entitled to
equitable representation in the general territorial
council, and subject to the general laws which it
may legally enact.
That the House recede from its second amend-
ment.
THOMAS BOLES,
« JOHN A. SMITH.
W. W. VAUGHAN.
Manager* on the pari of the House.
WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,
■TAS. HARLAN,
J. W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. BOLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was adopted ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge across the ohio river.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 662) to authorize the
construction of a bridge at Mount Vernon, on
the Ohio river, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce, not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, also by unani-
