PRIVATE ACTS OF THE FORTY-SECOND CONGRESS
OF THE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the S<-cond Htstion. which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 4th day of December, A. D. 1871, and was adjourned without day on Monday, the 10th day of
June, A. I). 1872,
Ulysses >S. Grant. President, Scxiuyler Colfax, Vice President and President of the Senate. Henry B. Anthony
was elected President of the Senate pro tempore on the 23d day of February, A. D. 1872, and so acted until
the 2C.th day of the same month; he was again elected as such officer on the 8th day of June, A. D. 1872,-
and so acted until the end of the session. James G-. Blaine, Speaker of the House of "Representatives.
Cu.ir. IX.—An Act to correct a Clerical Error
committed in the Enrolment of an Act ap-
proved March 8<*vcn, hundred and
si-veiuy, emitir-.J "An Act to relieve certain
pt-rson-* Ui<-n-;ti named from the Legal and
Political Liabilities imposed by the Four-
teenth Ann.' idiiH-tit of the Constitution of
the Cn.ted S.ates, mid Iff other purposes."
Be ileiKictrAhythe Senate anil Hume of Hep-
retail at tvesoj the United States of America in
(jutgresx rfxrmbteti I to:o third* of each House
concurrim/ tlvre.ni t, i'hat the name S. J. Jobe.
of Catoo.-u cmiti'y, in the State of Georgia,
fthich appears in the act approved March
seven, eighteen hundred arid seventy, entitled
"'An act to 1-ehevt; certain persons therein
named from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States. and for
oJier putpo-es," and which, in the bill that
 a> passed by the said Senate and House of
Heprest-i.ta!ives, was wrii'en T. J .lobe, but
which was in the enrol.Md bill etroneou-ly
vvriiten .S. ,1. Jobe. be and the same is hereby
corrected and changed to i\ >1. J ibe.
Su\ 2. This act shall be in force from and
aftei its pussatje.
Approved, January 30, 1&72,
!] formerly receiver of public moneys, acting as \\
I disbursing agent at Brownsville, Nebraska; j
| and that the sum of six hundred and forty ij
] dollars and seventy cents is hereby appro- j
i priated out of any money in the Treasury not i
-J otherwise appropriated. I
! Approved, ilarch 1. 1872. j
Chap. XVII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Sarah Kvun-:.
lie it cnactoi bu (he .V naU a nd House of Rep-
reseiitanves of the United States if America in
Cvii-jrr.ts tixscmbled. 1 hat the Secretary of the
lntei lor be, and he is berebv, authorized and
ditected to place on the pension-roil, subject
to the provisions and limitations ol the pen-
sion iaws, the name of Sarah Eratis. mother
of L. (t. hlvttis, late sergeant company K,
twenty-first Unite! States infantry.  :'d pay
her a pension from the passage of this act,
and to continue daring life.
AppuovKl>, February 7, 1872.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act for the Relief of Julia
A. Smith.
lie it enacted hi/the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives oj the United States of Amcrica in
Congress assembled, Thai the Secretary ot the
Treu-ury is hereby directed to pay the sum of
si-V hundred ami forty tbillurs and seventy
cents to Mrs. Julia A." Smith, administratrix
of the egiate of the late Charles B. Smith,
823
j Chap. XXVII.—An Act granting to James D.
i Dana the use of certain Plates.
j Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Bep-
' resent at ices of the United States of America in
' Congress assembled, That the joint Commit-
; tee on the Library be authorized to grant to
1 James D. Dana the use of such of the engraved
plates of the United States exploring expedi-
: lion under Captain Wilkes, now in charge of
i, said committee, as may be desired by him for
the publishing a book on corals and coral
, islands.
Approved, March 2. 1S72.
Chap. XLI.—An Act to reimburse certain
Soldiers for loss of Clothing by Fire at
'■ Chicago. |
Be it enacted b>/ the Senate and House of Bep- \
resentatives of the L nited States oj America in :
; Congress assembled. That the Secretary of War
; is hereby authorized to issue, without charge,
:• to certain soldiers of the general mounted
i; service. United States Army, sufficient cloth-
ing, or the money value thereof, to replace the j
'< amount lost bv each of them during their
1 efforts to subdue the fire in Chicago: Pro-
vided, That the total value of such clothing
j shall not, in the aggregate, exceed the sum of
1 one hundred and thirty dollars.
I Approved, ilarch 11,1872.
'! Chap. XLVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
< Francis A. Eastman, Postmaster at Chicago,
Illinois.
Be it enaetedbi/ the Senate and House of Rep-
resent,itires of the United States of America m
Conaress assembled, that the proper account-
ing officers of the Post CKfice Department be,
ami they are hereby, authorized to settle the
accounts of Francis A. Eastman, postmaster at jj
Chicago, and to credit htm with so much ot j,
the amount of the postal receipts ot said office, ,j
including money received for postage-stamps y
and stamped envelopes sold up to the eighth k
day of October, eighteen hundred and seventy- ||
one, as was on hand and destroyed by fire in
the safe of the Government in said post office
the said ninth of October, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one; and said accounting officers
are also authorized to credit the said post-
master, upon his money-order account, with
the amount of money-orders paid by him dur-
ing the week ending October seventh, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, and which were
destroyed by the fire aforesaid in the safe of
said post office: Provided, Said credits shall be
made to such amounts only as the Postmaster
General shall be satisfied from the proofs fur-
nished him will cover the losses actually
incurred.
Afpf.oveb, March 12, 1872.
Chap. L.—An Act granting a Pension to Eliz-
abeth Kenyon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisionsand limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Elizabeth Kenyon, depend-
ent mother of John T. Kenyon, late a private
in company A, first regiment Rhode Island
cavalry.
Approved, March 14, 1872.
Chap. LI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Joseph Montgomery.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the peusjou-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Joseph Montgomery,
late a private in company F, fifteenth regi-
ment Iowa volunteers.
Approved, March 14, 1872.
Chap LII.—An Act for the Relief of Jacob
H. Ela.
Beit enacted by the Senateand House of'Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized to adjust and set-
tle the account of Jacob H. Ela, late United
States marshal for the district of New Hamp-
