1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26B7
deposes under oath before the officer who took
the testimony in this cause under the act of
1851 providing for contesting elections; he
himself makes the deposition here before you
that he did make this recount and ascertained
the^ error in conformity with the suspicion
which followed upon the fact, and followed
upon it too rapidly to have been the result
of any combination by interested or wicked
parties.
Now, it is to be borne in mind further than
this, when they talk about the possibility of
errors, that the laws of Indiana regulating
elections make such provisions that he must
be indeed a reckless and daring man who will
venture to tamper with the ballots or to make
substitutions therefor, because the provisions
of the law of Indiana provide so many checks
and means of identifying the ballots of indi-
viduals that it is next to impossible for any
man to perpetrate frauds. The laws of Indiana
require that there shall be poll-books kept and
tally-books kept. Upon each ballot a mark
is made by the judge of elections, the number
corresponding to the name of the voter upon
the tally-list, and the judge of election number
upon the tally-list is put upon his ballot so that
his ballot can be identified, and men are at
hand in presence of a jealous public always to
detect and convict frauds, if any such are
made, by the abstraction of ballots and the
substitution of others. The result is that it is
morally impossible for any man to tamper with
the ballots in Indiana, because they are all
marked with numbers corresponding with the
numbers placed before the names of the'men
who voted, and if fraud is perpetrated, the
means of detection are instantly at hand to
detect and punish that fraud.
So again, sir, with regard to the south town-
ship in Wayne county, there was a mistake of
twelve ballots against the contestant and one
against the contestee, making the contestant's
majority at that poll swell to eleven more over
the contestee than it was, making a majority
of sixteen. If you balauce that against the
return of the majority for the sitting^ member
it gives to the contestant twelve majority, prov-
ing substantially and conclusively that in favor
of the contestant which entitles him to a seat
upon this floor. How was it? There was no
alter-thought. Why, a report was current
that there had been a mistake from an unoffi-
cial count made before the regular count on
the afternoon of the election. The week after
that, when the official count was published in
the papers, it was found out that the official
count came twenty-two short. At once public
attention was directed to the fact that there
had been an error in the count, and then the
officers of election did open the ballot-box
and made up a recount from the ballots actu-
ally cast.
In this township also there was the same
protection against the possibility of substi-
tutes or frauds existing as existed in regard
to the one I have referred to. This subsequent
count was made by Mr. Young, one of the
clerks of the election who had counted the
votes in the first instance, and by Mr. Scott,
chairman of the Democratic central com-
mittee in that part of the country. Both of
these gentlemen are proved by the testimony
in this case to have been men of high charac-
ter, men whose honor and word would be
trusted, and these men both depose under
oath before the officer taking this testimony,
that they made this recount and ascertained
the result. Will it be said, therefore, thatyou
cannot by parole testimony go behind an
official count. If you cannot, why then, there
is no use in having even a contest before this
body ; but if you may go behind an official
count and establish it by testimony, and it
rule and justice are satisfied by establishing it
by such testimony, which must convince the
mind of any dispassionate^ man of the truth
of it by that which was testified to by the wit-
nesses, then I say in that case the contestant
has made the full measure of the rule laid
down in the case of Butler vs. Lehman, from
Pennsylvania; he has excluded any reason-
able ground to believe that there was any tam-
pering with these ballot-boxes. They have
established to the reasonable and more than
reasonable satisfaction of any reasonable mind
that the recount was lawfully and justly made,
and give their result.
But beyond that, sir, another recount was
made of these ballots when recommitted to the
custody of the officers having charge of them
pending this contest, during the recess between
the commencement of the testimony of wit-
nesses and closing it. That recount was made
in the presence of Scott, Young, and others,
and these men swear that that recount corre-
sponded with the first recount which I have
already mentioned as being made by Young
and Seott.
And it was made not merely by the friends
of the contestant, but it was made by men
taken equally from both parties, two men of
the Radical party, and two men from the Dem-
ocratic party, watching each other, having
opportunities, and the will and purpose and
courage to correct each other, if either should
be so far lost to all sense of honesty and right
as to endeavor to perpetrate a wrong, and
cause a man to be returned to Congress who
was not really elected by the majority of the
people in that precinct having the right to
vote for a member of Congress. All of those
men testify to and explain the reason why this
recount was demanded. It was demanded, as
they say, the moment the official statement
was made in the newspapers, and they had
knowledge that that official statement thus
published did not correspond with that which
they had previously believed was the fact and
the truth in the case. But obtaining the bal-
lots from the proper custodian, having the poll-
list and tally-sheets, and every means of cor-
recting and verifying the truth of what they
say they ascertained, the result which the con-
testant now claims at your hands shall be a
just cause of giving him a seat, in this House.
It makes no odds whether the majority was
five, ten, or fifteen. So sacred is the right of
the majority that, a majority of one is to have
its force, and weight in law as well as a major-
ity of five thousand. Here it is claimed that
a majority of twelve or fifteen is made out.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MERBICK. I regret that time does
not allow us to press this argument, and refer
in detail to the testimony before this House so
as to satisfy the minds of the majority of the
House, as the minds of the minority of the
committee have been satisfied, beyond all per-
adventure, that according to law and right and
justice, and the weight ol the testimony soberly
and fairly and frankly considered, the con-
testant is entitled to be admitted to his seat,
as the minority of the Committee of Elections
have reported in favor of.
Mr. ARTHUR. I now yield the remainder
of my time to Mr. Gooding, the contestant in
this case.
Mr. GOODING (the contestant) addressed
the House in remarks which will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. P15RRY, of Ohio. I move the pre-
vious question on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker,'it is not my
intention to address the House on the ques-
tions of fact which this case presents. I de-
sire simply to call their attention to the fact
that in the numerous precedents where it has
been stated in the reports of the Committee of
Elections that it is competent to go behind
the official count for an election to Congress,
and act upon the results of a subsequent un-
official count, there is no instance in which
the House has done it.
In one or two cases, especially in the case
of Butler vs. Lehman, where the committee
recommended that it should be done, the
House refused to concur in the recommend-
ation of the committee.
Two cases have been referred to by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Arthur :] one,
the case of Sleeper vs. Rice, which was a case
that came from Massachusetts ; and the other
was the case of Chrisman vs. Anderson, which
came from Kentucky, the gentleman's own
State. The case of Sleeper vs. Rice was a case
in the city of Boston, under a law which ex-
pressly provides for a second careful recount
of the votes. The law of Massachusetts then
required and now requires that the certificate
should be held for a period of ten days, within
which time it is made lawful for the election
officers to make an amended return, and the
question before the House was whether the
amended return, which by the Massachusetts
law is the final authentic evidence of the result
of the election, should be received in opposi-
tion to the original return, it being proved
that that amended return was in accordance
with the facts, and supported by the result of
the recount.
In the case of Chrisman vs. Anderson, the
right of the sitting member to his seat was
confirmed. All that appears in that case is
that the majority of the committee making
the report in his l'avor, agreeing with the State
board of canvassers of the State of Kentucky,
that certain returns should be rejected alto-
gether, examined the returns, examined the
evidence of the result of a recount, and found
that that would also bring the House to a like
result.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the committee in this
case have proceeded upon a very simple, but
what they regard as a very important rule of
public policy. The House will remember that
this is a rule which, if adopted in this case, is
to be held up t.o the peopleas binding on this
body in all like cases. We are asked by the
minority to declare by our vote here to-day
that in despite of the official returns and the
official recount, whenever hereafter men shall
come together, three weeks after the election,
knowing precisely what is wanted to change
the officially declared result, and in the inter-
val the ballot-boxes shall have been kept as
they have been kept in the interval in this
case, the officially decdared result may be
set aside. Upon that rule may depend, not
only the right' of a particular Representative to
his seat, important and interesting as that
right has always been and always will be held,
but upon it may depend, and it may be known
at the time thatupouit may depend the political
complexiouof'a State in this House, the vote of
that State in this House for President of the
United States, and the final determination of
the political power of this country for four
years.
Now, is this House willing to say that when-
ever a suspicion arises as to the correctness
of the original count, a ballot-box kept in a
bar-room for three weeks, that has been twice
found unlocked, although left locked by the
man in whose custody it has been kept; that
after the expiration of those three weeks the
ballots contained in that box shall be taken
out and counted anew, and if it turns out that
the landlord of the tavern is a Republican, mid
bis daughter, the bar-maid, is a Republican
also 
Mr. GOODING, (the contestant.) It was
there only one night.
Mr. HOAR. It makes 110 difference, for
the purpose of my point, whether it was there
twelve hours or twelve days. Now, 1 do not
claim that there is any evidence^ here that
when that bar-room was left alone in the day-
time, or when it was left alone in the night,
