1772
THE COKGEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
March 18,
upon which this question of taxation arises.
I do not understand the precise use that the
Senator from Wisconsin intended to make of
it in a discussion of the bill, because I did not
give it sufficient attention. I wish, however, in
order to sustain the position that I have taken,
to read a little bit of law, the only law that I
have hunted up on this subject. It is from
Mr. Justice Story's commentaries on the Con-
stitution, section four hundred and twenty-
nine. While there is a great deal said in
a short compass in this extract, I think there
will be found in it the distinction I make,
that this provision of the Constitution on the
subject of uniformity was intended to regu-
late this_ difficulty among the States, and
had nothing to do with reference to the place
where the article should be used, or whether
the duty should be rebated, or a drawback al-
lowed upon it, or otherwise. In this passage
Judge Story is discussing this particular pro-
vision of the Constitution, and he says what I
have marked in the book, which I send to the
desk and ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Itwas to out off all undue preferences of one
State over another in the regulation of subjects
affecting their common interests. Unless duties,
imposts, and excises were uniform, the grossest and
most oppressive inequalities, vitally affecting the
pursuits and employments of the people of different
States, might exist. The agriculture, commerce, or
manufactures of one State might be built up on the
ruins of those of another, and a combination of a
few States in Congress might secure a monopoly of
certain branches of tradeand business to themselves,
to the injury, if not to the destruction, of their less
favored neighbors. The Constitution throughout
all its provisions is an instrument of checks and
restraints, as well as of powers. It does not rely on
eonfidenco in the General Government to preserve
the interests of all the States. It is founded in
a wholesome and strenuous jealousy, which, fore-
seeing the possibility of mischief, guards with
solicitude against any exeroise of power, which
may endanger the States, as far as it is practicable.
If this provision, as to uniformity of duties, had
been omitted, although thepower might never have
been abused to the injury of the feebler States of
the Union, (a presumption which history does not
justify us in deeming quite safe or certain,) yet it
would, of itself, have been sufficient to demolish, in
a practical sense, the value of most of the other
restrictive clauses in the Constitution. New York
and Pennsylvania might, by an easy combination
with the southern States, have destroyed the whole
navigation of New England. A combination of a
different character, between the New England and
the western States, might have borne down the
agriculture of the South; and a combination of a
yet different character might have struck at the
vital interests of manufactures. So that the gen-
eral propriety of this clause is established by its
intrinsic political wisdom, as well as by its tend-
ency to quiet alarms and suppress discontents."
Mr. BOREMAN. Now, Mr. President, I
will allow the Senator from Wisconsin to make
his argument upon this construction of the
Constitution given by J ustice Story, but I think
the idea running through this whole section
which I have had read is this: a difficulty
among the States. That is the phraseology
throughout.
" It was to cut off all undue preferences of one
btate over another."
Again :
" Unless duties, imposts, and exciseswere uniform,
the grossest and most oppressive inequalities, vitally
afiectmg the pursuits and employments of the peo-
ple of different States, might exist."
Not different localities. You do not find
the phraseology "different localities" in any
particular States, but all the time throughout
a reference to the "States," that injustice
might have been done to "a State" if this
provision had not been incorporated into the
Constitution.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question at that point ?
Mr. BOREMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Do I understand him
to say that it would be unconstitutional to ex-
empt the State of Illinois from paying duties
for twelve months on lumber, and constitu-
tional to exempt part of the State?
Mr. BOREMAN. No, sir; I do not say
any such thing. That is justwhat I am arguing
against. My proposition is, that this is terri-
torial and applies to the ports of particular
States ; that this provision of the Constitution
means that you shall not give a preference to
one port over another. Of course, the whole
coast of any particular State is not a port of
entry, but there are ports in all the sea-board
States, and it was sufficient to employ language
in the Constitution which would convey the idea
that no preference should be given to one State
over another State, and that comprehended,
ports. There could be no entry except in the
port of a State. Again, Justice Story says :
" It does not rely on confidence in the General
Government to preserve the interests of all the
States. It is founded in a wholesome and strenuous
jealousy, which, foreseeing the possibility of mis-
chief, guards with solicitude against any exercise of
power, Which may endanger the States, as far as it is
practicable."
He says further:
"If this provision as to uniformity of duties had
been omitted, although the power might never have
been abused to tho injury of the feebler States of
the Union, (a presumption which history does not
justify us in deeming quite safe or certain,) yet it
would, of itself, have been sufficient to demolish, in
a practical sense, the value of most of the other
restrictive clauses in the Constitution."
Now, Mr. President, understanding as I do
that under this bill goods may be imported into
any port of the United States, (if the Senator
prefers that language to the word " States,")
in any State of the Union, and come within
the provisions of this bill, that there is no dis-
crimination in it between the States of this
Union, or between the ports of different States
of this Union, I cannot see where it impinges
upon the provision of the Constitution, which
requires that there shall be uniformity. " Uni-
formity throughout the United States" is the
language of the Constitution. I believe, as I
said in the beginning, that it is territorial;
that is to say, that the ports of one State shall
not be preferred to the ports of another State;
that all are to be upon an equality.
' Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to call the
attention of my friend to this eighth section.
In order to sustain his view of it, it ought to
read, "But all duties, imposts, and excises
shall be uniform in the different ports of the
United States;" whereas it reads, "Shall be
uniform throughout the United States," which,
Chief J ustice Marshall says, means every place
over which the Constitution extends. If the
people of Illinois, for instance, are not re-
quired to pay any duty on lumbej for twelve
months, or, what is the same thing, may pay it
irf and take it out the same day, whereas Wis-
consin must pay the full duty on lumber all the
time, there is a discrimination between the
two States.
Mr. BOREMAN. To my mind there is no
difficulty about that at all. The Constitution
could not go into particulars. This provision
isgencral, as are all the provisions of the Con-
stitution, and it is precisely what I have con-
tended for. I have not made myself under-
stood by the Senator, or I do not understand
him. The uniformity there, as I have stated
three or four times, applies to the whole Union
wherever taxes are collected. Of coarse it
would be idle to say that on the coast of South
Carolina, where there is no jjort of entry,
there should be no discrimination, but it is
throughout the United States wherever goods
can be imported. That is what it means, in
my judgment; that the uniformity is territo-
rial, as I have said several times, and has
nothing to do with the destination of the arti-
cles that are imported; that it is throughout
the United States, whether the articles are to
be used at one place or another, or for ono
purpose or another.
Mr. President, I did not intend to make
any speech .on this subject at all. I had voted
for the bill originally and voted for the recon-
sideration, and I thought it was proper that I
should say why I expected now again to vote
for the passage of the bill.
Mr. SCOTT obtained the floor.
. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the Senator
from Pennsylvania will give way, I will move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Pennsylvania give way for that motion?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was un-
derstood, and the Chair was instructed at the
close of the day to call up the tariff bill, if no
Senator called it up.
Mr. WRIGHT. I believe that the under-
standing was that we should dispose of this
bill to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Chair will allow
me, he was not to call up the tariff bill unless
this bill was through. The tariff bill is to fol-
low this bill. That is the way I understood it.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I should oppose
that understanding.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not see the chai rman of
the Committee on Finance in his place, but
my understanding was that he gave way for
this bill until it was disposed of. I may be
mistaken about that, however.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] made it very clear
that the Senator from Illinois is right in what
he says. The Senator from Vermont rose at the
last and stated that he understood the under-
standing to be that at the close of the Chicago
bill the tariff bill was to be taken up. That
the Senate assented to, and certainly it seems
to me that superseded the previous suggestion
which had been made about the close of the
day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I uid not so under-
stand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
only desires to carry out what is the construction
of the Senate. The Senator now occupying
the Chair was not in the Chair when the
understanding was entered into.
Mr. MORTON. I thought the understand-
ing was that we were to sit this bill out and
dispose of it to-night, and I should be glad to
do that.
Mr. WRIGHT._ That was the understand-
ing. I gave notice that I should insist 011
sitting it out to-night; but if it is distinctly
understood that we cannot do so, and if this
bill will be the pending measure to-morrow
until disposed of, and the tariff bill will follow,
I shall not object to the motion now made.
Mr. CORBETT. I understood the Senator
from Ohio to ask the Chair to call up the tariff
bill at the close of this discussion to-day, so
that it might not lose its place. That was the
understanding, I believe.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the under-
standing at one time.
Mr. CONKLING. That was the proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the proposi-
tion rather ; but I insisted that we should get
through with this bill before the other came
up, and I understood that to be the under-
standing of all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant of the Chair was not in the Chair at
the time, but the Chair is advised that the
understanding was that this bill should be sat
out to-night, and that at the close of this bill
the Chair, if no Senator interposed, was to
call up the tariff bill.
Mr. COLE. That is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Undoubt-
edly the understanding, whatever it may be,
will be carried out to-morrow by all Senators.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I desire to
state my understanding. The tariff bill was
to follow the Chicago bill. It is very evident,
judging from what has taken place this after-
noon and the disposition of other Senators to
discuss this question, that we cannot sit it out
to-night unless we sit up pretty late this even-
ing, and as the understanding was that the
tariff bill was to follow the Chicago bill, I do
not see why the pressing executive business
should not be attended to now, and let the bill
go over to be taken up to-morrow.
