1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1773
Mr. SCOTT. Is there any objection to
having the tariff bill called up with the under-
standing that to-morrow it shall again be laid
aside informally and the Chicago bill taken up ?
Several Senators. No objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall object to it. I
stated when this question was pending that I
would not agree to have this bill or the tariff bill
occupy the attention of the Senate indefinitely.
If the Senate can come to an agreement to
take the vote on the pending bill to-day, I am
content to sit it out, and would be willing to
give a day or two days to the tariff bill; but I
am not willing to give the attention of the
Senate indefinitely to anyone bill. There are
other bills equally important that ought to be
acted on at a very early period.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks, under the order of the Senate, it is his
duty to call up the tariff bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before that
is called up, I desire to appeal to the Senator
from Michigan to allow me to offer the amend-
ment to this Chicago bill which I originally
proposed, if he has no objection to having it
acted upon first.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. As the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Vermont
is to perfect the amendment reported by the
Committee on Finance, I withdraw my amend-
ment temporarily to enable him to offer his,
giving notice at the same time that I propose
• to renew the amendment when it shall be
admissible under the rules.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont desire to have his
amendment reported ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not care
about that. I simply desire to have it pending.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to appeal to the
Senate again to remain here and vote on this
bill this evening, if possible. I gave notice
at the beginning that I should ask them to do
so, and I insist upon it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive bus-
iness, which is not debatable.
The motion was agreed to, there being on a
division—-ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
tariff bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I desire to give
notice of two amendments to the tariff bill.
I submit them now, and move that they be
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and afier
tea minutes spent in executive session, the
doors were reopened, and (at four o clock
and twenty-three minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE 0-F REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 18,1872.
TheHouse met at twelve o'clock m. P™yer
by the Chaplain, Rev. .1. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the calling of the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for printing and
reference. The morning hour now begins at
five minutes after twelve o'clock.
WRITS OF ERROR.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1949) authorizing writs of error from the cir-
cuit to the district courts of the United States
in certain-criminal cases; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
LUCIA HARDEN.
Mr. HIBBARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1950) to amend an act granting a pension
to Lucia Mard-en; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
TERRITORIAL DELEGATES.
Mr. WILLARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1951) making the provisions of certain
laws applicable to Delegates from Territories;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL MILITARY AND NAVAL ASYLUM.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1952) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An
act to incorporate a national military and naval
asylum for the relief of the totally disabled
officers and men of the volunteer forces of the
United States,' appproved March 21, 1866,"
and for other purposes; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
COMPENSATION OF GAUGEllS, BOSTON.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1953) to fix the
compensation of gaugers at the port of Bos-
ton ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. IvETCHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1954) to provide for ascertaining and set-
tling private land claims in certain States and
Territories; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
RELIEF OF VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.
Mr. DUELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1955) for the relief of certain officers of the
volunteer service who continued in the mili-
tary service to the close of the late war; which
was read a first and second time,- referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
WAIl OF 1812.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a bill (H. Ii.
No. 1956) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting a pension to certain soldiers and sail-
ors of the war of 1812, and the widows of the
deceased," approved February 14,1870; which
was read'a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
ST. JOSEPH'S CATHEDRAL, BUFFALO.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1957) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to refund duties paid on
chime of bells and clock imported for St.
Joseph's cathedral, Buffalo, Newlork; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
tunnel under niagara river.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1958) to authorize the
city of Buffalo, New York, to construct a tun-
nel under the Niagara river, and to erect and
maintain an inlet pier therefrom for the pur-
pose of supplying the city of Buffalo with pure
water; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, ana
ordered to be printed.
THOMAS HASLAM.
Mr. L. MYERS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1959) for the relief of Thomas Haslam,
late second lieutenant twenty-sixth regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
PENSIONS.
Mr. L. MYER.S also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1960) entitled a further supplement to
an act entitled "An act to grant pensions,"
approved July 14, 1862; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to bo
printed.
ANDREW IVORY.
Mr. MeJUNKIN introduced a bill'(H. R.
No. 19G1) for the relief of Andrew_ Ivory;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
PUBLICATION OF LAWS AND TREATIES.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1962) repealing all laws requir-
ing the publication in newspapers of the laws
and treaties of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
B. F. SPEEDY.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1963) for the relief of B.
F. Speedy, late first lieutenant second battalion
six months Pennsylvania volunteers; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS, HARRISONBURG, VIRGINIA.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, introduced a
bill (II. R. No. 19G4) to authorize the erec-
tion of a court-house and post office at Harri-
sonburg, Virginia ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered
to be printed.
POST OFFICE AT STAUNTON, VIRGINIA.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, also introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1965) to authorize the erec-
tion of a post office in the city of Staunton,
Virginia; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committe on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. LEACH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1966) for the removal of disabilities ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. SHELDON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1907) authorizing a mail steamship ser-
vice between the ports of New Orleans, Louis-
iana, and Rio Janeiro, in the Empire of Bra-
zil ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
Ordered to be printed.
ENFORCEMENT OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. SYPHER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1968) to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
an act, approved March 31, 1870,_ entitled
'An act to enforce the rights of citizens of
the United States to vote in the several States
of the Union, and for other purposes;
which was read a first time.
Mr. COX. I ask that the bill be read at
length.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. SYPHER. I desire to have the bill
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to object
to the reference of that bill? .
The SPEAKER. It would be m order to
vote against its reference. It is a question lor
the House whether to refer or notreier the bill.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to move
the rejection of the bill?
