1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2669
everything else that he claims, and it would
show that be is not entitled to a seat here.
Taking the contestant, however, by his pro-
fessions, and endeavoring to follow him upon
the merits without raising upon him technical
questions, the majority of the committee chose
to rest their decision upon the naked merits
without reference to these technical questions.
Perhaps we erred. Perhaps we never should
have investigated those questions of fact, be-
cause the case is clearly with the contestee, in
my judgment, upon the last point which I have
mentioned. But we did follow-, and the report
which was filed by the majority is based upon
what we conceived to be the merits as to the
votes actually cast.
The contestant says that mistakes were made
in four precincts: in Green township, Wayne
county ; in the south precinct of Wayne town-
ship, Wayne county; in Noble township, Rush
county; andin Centre township, Hancock coun-
ty. He says that mistakes were made against
him in these four precincts. Let me consider
that for a moment, and only for a moment; for
gentlemen will understand that in abbre-
viating this debate we cannot dwell at length
upon the details of the case. In the precinct
ot' Green township after the votes had been
coun ted an d the bal lot-box closed it was not kept
by the inspector, but was left with one of the
clerks who kept the hotel where the election
was held. How or where it was kept we are told
by the inspector, who is the only witness, I be-
lieve, as to that. At all events there is no
one to contradict him. He went there after a
lapse of twelve hours, and then the sister of
the clerk found that box in the corner of the
bar-room, and brought it to him. When tak-
ing that box home he found it was insecurely
locked. "Whether it opened on the way, he
did not distinctly state. But when he got it
home he put it in the family bed-room, and
there it remained three weeks before this
recount was made. They were a family of
friends. He testifies that his house was left
unlocked ; that their custom was to go to the
Friends' meeting twice every week, and when
they did so they left the house unlocked, and
left it wholly by itself, and that that fact was
generally known in the neighborhood ; that he
discovered while keeping this box that it was
so insecurely locked that a jolt would open it,
and that he discovered twice that it had been
opened. It was opened twice. Ibeiact.th^t
he discovered that it was opened shows that it
had been roughly handled by somebody, or that
it had been unlocked and left open by some-
body. During three weeks with 'the box in
that situation it was open, to betampered with
by my friend the contestant, if he had been
less conscientious than he has shown himself
to be, or by his friends, if they were not strictly
conscientious. It was open to them as to the
public at large. There was no difficulty about
it, and the fact that it was twice found open
shows that somebody had been there.
Then after the box had been three weeks in
that situation they undertook to get up a re-
count, and they got Mr. Pitts partially to
agree; but he finally concluded that that was
not the right mode of procedure, and he made
what he says was a careful recount himself.
But he did not remember what the result was.
He cannot state what it was. But the con-
testant brings his thrSe iriends to testify that
this man told them that it counted as they
want to have it count; that is, as they now
claim the count should be. He cannot tell,
but these friends testify that he told them so,
and he says that he told them the truth.
But what more? He is asked if he knows
that these are the voteshe says he cannot
say, because the box which was kept by him
was not guarded, and might have been tam-
pered with. What further does he say? He
says he believes that the original count was
the ri"ht one. That is his belief when he tes-
tifies." That is the case of Greene township.
X dare say that no geutleuian on the other side
of the House, having dwelt upon all these
circumstances, would say that an official count
ought to be set aside under such circum-
stances.
But the gentleman says that the ballots
were counted more than once. Suppose they
were counted fifty times ; if they gotthem fixed
they might go on counting them forever and
they would not vary; an additional count
amounts to nothing. But he says that the bal-
lot-box was in the possession of Republicans.
Suppose it was; it was in an open house,
accessible to anybody, in the possession of
parties wto went away and left it, and when
they came back found the box open. It was
quite as public there as at the hotel where
it was first left; it was everybody's box. But
I cannot dwell on that.
The next case is the south poll of Wayne
township, Wayne county. There they had an
informal count by six or seven persons, some of
whom had no business with it, simply for the
purpose of giving out the election news, and
they gave it as the result of that vote that the
contestant had a majority—one of the wit-
nesses says 20, and another of 22 votes. The
votes were counted by the election officers
with great care, and they made the vote pre-
cisely equal, each party having 516 votes, if I
recollect aright. Now, what happened after
that? The inspector of the poll, whose legal
duty it was to keep this box, carries it to the
inspector of another poll, and puts it in his
hands ; he puts it on the top of the ballot-box
of the poll of which he was the inspector, and
keeps the two together in his business office, the
door of which was rarely kept locked; the keys
to both boxes were in the drawer of his desk,
and that drawer unlocked, and other parties
ciearly, from the testimony, had access to the
office. Now, they talk of the fairness of
these counts. I cannot go into that matter
much, but instead of notifying the contestee
or getting anybody to represent him, two men
go there and make a count on Saturday, and
they disagree as to the result by one or two
votes.
The gentleman says the inspector was pres-
ent. He was not; but Mr. Parry was present,
the man who had the boxes left in his charge,
but he was not an inspector of this poll.
Next Monday they raised a larger company
and went to the real inspector, and there they
h.ad.a,nother..<!OUHti while some six or seven
men who had no connection with the business,
were in the office. Precisely what they did
we have only to conjecture. We have no
right to charge them with doing anything;
but the count took place in an open office,
and they admit that six or seven men who
had no business with the ballots were allowed
to be about the office. That count differed
from the count made on Saturday; both dif-
fered from the unofficial count made on the
afternoon of election day; and they all dif-
fered from the official count. We propose
therefore, as the only safe and legitimate con-
clusion, to abide by the official count, which is
proved to have been made with great care.
Now, the gentleman says that we must show
that there was at least probability that the box
had been tampered with. I have not only
shown that, but I will show more; I will show
that it is absolutely certain that both boxes
were tampered with. The witness Parry tes-
tifies that he had put into each of these boxes
the tally-sheets of the polls to which they
belonged. When called upon to give testi-
mony he searched and could not find in either
box the tally-sheets. Now, what stronger evi-
dence do you want to show that those boxes
were tampered with? The idea of accepting
an unofficial count under such circumstances
to impeach an official count of the ballots is,
to my mind, ridiculously absurd.
What is the next case? Noble township,
Rush county. Here there is no question about
the count; it is a question about a mistake on
the tally-list. One of the judges of the elec-
tion asked one of the clerks, (who is a friend
of the contestant, and who volunteered his
evidence without being subpenaed,) if he
knew that they had made a mistake, he and
the other clerk, and he called his attention
to the tally-sheet, which showed that in one
instance where he l^id put down three votes,
in the hurry and confusion of adding them
up, they had- been counted as five votes.
Well, how do you show that? How do you
identify that? Did you compare it with the
tally-sheets ? How do you know that to be so ?
Why, 1 copied it from the tally-sheet on file in
the clerk's office. Well, now, let us see ; if
such a mistake existed .upon that tally-sheet
how was it with the other tally-sheet? The
witness produced two copies of the tally-sheet
in the clerk's office, and my friend, the con-
scientious contestant, has brought here an-
other copy of the same thing. Now, we do
not want so many copies of that one. We
want the other.
If this error was made, how was it made ?
Here are two clerks, each making a separate
tally. Do you suppose it likely that two clerks
made precisely the same mistake in putting
down three votes and adding them up as five
votes? They act separately, and each man
makes up his own tally. Do you suppose
each one put down three votes and no more,
and that both added them up as five? Is not
that so improbable as to render it absolutely
necessary that we should see the other tally-
sheet before we admit it to be the fact? And
what do we know about the other tally-sheet?
The trustees is not heard; the other fclerk is
not heard ; nobody is heard except that one
clerk; and if I had time to refer to his testi-
mony I could show you one peculiarity which
runs through all the testimony of the contest-
ant in this case, and that is that it is the con-
testant who is testifying, and not the witness.
The contestant puts a long alternative ques-
tion, which leaves the witness little to do
except to answer yes or no.
Mr. MERRICK. Does not the witness
swear that the two tally-sheets were identical?
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Yes, I know. The
contestant in his interrogatory iuvoives that
question with other questions, and the wit-
ness answers the other questions with some
minuteness, and theu cuts off short, with his
answer to that question by saying " both tally-
sheets were alike." Nobody asks him whether
he saw both tally-sheets, and he does not say.
He is afterward asked what reason he has for
identifying the copy of the tally-sheet furnished
with the tally-sheet of the election, and ho
says he copied it Irom the tally-sheet on file in
the clerk's office. But he nowhere alludes to
having seen the other tally sheet, which should
be in the ballot-box. He merely assumes that
they were alike.
Now, if you consider the idea I suggested,
that is, the probability of two clerks keeping'
collateral and independent minutes or tally -
sheets, each making the same mistake in pre-
cisely the aame place, and that in adding up
separately they should both make the same
mistake in adding up, it becomes immensely
improbable, and it also becomes,highly im-
portant that we should have the other tally-
sheet here ; and why should we not have it?
The gentleman says, here is the certificate of
the official count, which shows that the count
is that way. We do not care for that. Bring
us the other tally-sheet and show us by that
sheet that the mistake was made. In _ the
absence of that taily-sheet the improbability
is so great that I have no hesitation whatever
in discrediting the statement that such an error
was made.
The next mistake is in Centre township, in
Hancock county. And that is claimed to have
been a mistake of two votes. The official
count made it as certified.
Mr. ARTHUR. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him one moment?
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Certainly.
