826
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CX.—An Act granting a Pension to
Margaretta Becker.
St it enacted, by the Senate and Mouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States a f America in
oongress assembled, That the Secretary of the
interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
t rfi? r t-° p!ace 011 t'le pension-roll, subject
to tne limitations and provisions of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Mrs. Margaretta
tfecker, widow of Leopold Becker, late cap-
tain company D, twenty-fourth regiment Illi-
nois infantry, and to pay her a pension at the
"ft twenty dollars per month from and
after the passage of this act, and to continue
during her widowhood.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLBK COLFAX,
r ice President of the United States
and President of the Senate.
Received by the President April 6, 1872.
[Note by the Department op State.—The
oregomg act having been presented to the
resident of the United States for his appro-
th h DOt having been returned by him to
•®,'. "B!e of Congress in which it originated
>1 D ^e.tinae prescribed by the Constitution
ue United States, has become a law with-
out his approval.]
CXVI.—An Act for the Relief of
f , ron ,and Maguire, Bankers and Brokers,
°t the Ciiy of Komfi, Georgia.
-Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
ongress assembled, That the Commissioner
or internal Revenue be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to accept the compro-
mise offered by Messrs. Cathron and Maguire,
bankers and brokers, of the city of Rome, in
tlie btate of Georgia, in full forall taxes levied
against them on the amount of notes of the
nf1MCUy'.p.aid out by them after the first day
or may, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and
Srlrf ,he first day ot" August, eighteen hun-
dred anj 8eventy-one.
Approved, April 23, 1872.
IVn —A" Act to remove the charge
ot Desertion against Daniel Orner, late Pri-
ate in Company H, Ninety-First Regiment
l enusylvania Volunteers.
^6reai. Daniel Orner, late a private in
company H, nmety-first regiment of Pennsyl-
ania volunteers, stands charged on the rec-
oros of the Adjutant General's office with
desertion ;
And whereas the said Daniel Orner was on
,wy p ih his regiment until after the sui-ren-
iiiir,rl° i e'j'n. April, anno Domini eighteen
h,.f. ' aJ. wxty-five, and left his regiment
otC4use of severe illness, and because he
?hH  i 116 general belief that the war had
Inn Q i , ' a was "bsent from his regiment
t . ',0urs' and afterward died from the
l-i/ S e dlsease contracted in the line of
ni^auty: Iherefore,
r,«t*Tit?'laeted byiiie Senate and House of Rep-
Natives of the United States of America in
pmiI ?" fSS a,iSemUe^ i'hat the Adjutant Gen-
t h<> ? el)y ,au' horized and direcied to remove
lai,> -'gU ot deserti011 against Daniel Orner,
ment oVp! °omFany,H> "inety-first regi-
l ennsylvania volunteers.
Approved, April 23, 1872.
Chap, CXX.—Au Act for the Relief of
4 Augustine Bacon.
retl? f-'lacted b  the Senate aild of Rep-
Conmi United States of America in
^nff'ess assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral is hereby authorized and directed to pay
to Augustine Bacon the sum of four hundred
and thirty-seven dollars and sixty-nine cents,
for services as route agent on route number five
thousand six hundred and seventy-four, per-
formed under appointment by the Postmaster
General in eighteen hundred and sixty-five
and eighteen hundred and sixty-six, which
amount is due said Bacon, as appears by the
books of the Post Office Department, and
remains unpaid in consequence of the inability
of said Bacon to take the test-oath, as pre-
scribed by act of July second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two; and the same shall be
paid out of any moneys of the Post Office De-
partment not otherwise appropriated.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States
and President of the Senate.
Received by the President April 18, 1872.
[Note bt the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his ap-
proval, and not having been returned by him
to the House of Congress in which it originated
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, has become a law with-
out his approval.]
Chap. CXXL—An Act for the Relief of cer-
tain Settlers on the Public Lands in Iowa
under (he provisions of the Homestead
Laws.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the homestead ap-
plications of the following persons, made at
the land office at Sioux city, Iowa, to enter,
under the provisions of the homestead laws,
the following lands designated herein by the
number of entry, date, and name of applicant,
with description of lands, namely:
Number three thousand six hundred and
ninety-five, Antoine Fortuna, July sixth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, southwest
quarter of section thirty, township ninety-five,
range forty;
Number three thousand six hundred and
seventy-eight, William J. Hoare, July fifth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, northwest quar-
ter of section thirty-four, township ninety-five,
range forty;
Number three thousand six hundred and
eighty-four, DeWitt Collins, July fifth, eight-
een hundred and seventy, northeast quarter of
section twenty-two, township ninety-five, range
forty;
Number three thousand six hundred and
seventy-five, Joshua W. Hoyt, July fifth, eight-
een hundred and seventy, southeast quarter of
section twenty-two, township ninety-five, range
forty;
Number three thousand six hundred and
ninety-one, Louis J. McCalla, July fifth, eight-
een hundred and seventy, northeast quarter of
section four, township ninety-three, range
thirty-nine;
Number three thousand six hundred and
eighty eight, Hiram C. Wheeler, July fifth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, northwest quar-
ter of section eight, township ninety-four, range
forty;
_ Number three thousand six hundred and
eighty-one, Julius C. Doling, July fifth, eight-
een hundred and seventy, southeast quarter
of section eighteen, township ninety-four,
range forty ;
Is] umber three thousand six hundred and
sixty-two, Thomas B. Nott, July first, eight-
een hundred and seventy, southwest quarter
of section fourteen, township ninety-four,
range forty;
Number three thousand six hundred and
fifty-eight, T. Edward Sprague, July first, eight-
een hundred and seventy, southwest quarter
of section twenty-two, township ninety-four,
range forty;
_ Number three thousand six hundred and
sixty-six, William M. Breyfogle, July first,
eighteen hundred and seventy, northwest quar-
ter of section twenty, township ninety-four,
range forty;
Number three thousand six hundred and
fifty-one,_ Joseph S. Barmore, June twenty-
eighth, eighteen hundred and seventy, south-
east quarter of section fourteen, township
ninety-four, range forty;
Number three thousand six hundred and
seven, Horace E. Hoagland, June twenty-
third, eighteen hundred and seventy, southeast
quarter of section thirty-six, township ninety-
four, range forty;
Number three thousand six hundred and
fifteen, Jesse H. Wright, June twenty-third,
eighteen hundred and seventy, southeast quar-
ter of section ten, township ninety-four, range
forty;
Number three thousand six hundred and
eighteen, Nathan Miller, June twenty-third,
eighteen hundred and seventy, northwest quar-.
ter of section four, township ninety-four, range
forty;
Number three thousand five hundred and
fifty eight and one half, Bichard H. Waers,
June eighteenth, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty, southwest quarter of section twenty-six,
township ninety-five, range forty;
Number three thousand five hundred and
forty-nine, William G. Virgil, June seven-
teenth, eighteen liuudred and seventy, south-
east quarter of section twenty-eight, township
ninety-five, range forty;
Number three thousand five hundred and
fifty-seven, Edward Nisson, June seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, southeast quar-
ter of section eight, township ninety-lour,
range thirty-nine;
Number three thousand four hundred and
forty five, Russell M. McLain, June seventh,
eighteen hundred and seventy, north half of
northeast quarter and east half of noithwesfc
quarter of section two, township ninety-three,
range forty;
Number three thousand four hundred arid
fourteen, George Yored, June third, eighteen
hundred and seventy, northwest quarter of
section thirty-two, township ninety-lour, range
thirty-nine;
Number three thousand three hundred and
ninety-six, Norman S. Toban, June first,
eighteen hundred and seventy, southeast quar-
ter of section four, township ninety-four, ranee
forty;
Number three thousand four hundred and
one, Tracy S. Knapp, June first, eighteen
hundred and seventy, southeast quarter of sec-
tion thirty-two, township ninety-four, range
forty;
Number three thousand six hundred and
seventy-bix, Herman Tiffany, July fifth, eight-
een hundred and seventy, southeast quarter
of section thirty-four, township ninety-five,
range forty}
Number three thousand six hundred and
niaeiy two, Lavina Davis, July fifth, eighteen
hundred and sevens,y, west half of souihwest
quarter of section twenty six, township ninety-
four, range forty;
Number three thousand six hundred and
eighty-nine, Ashel B. Chrysler, July fifth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, northeast quar-
ter of section eight, township ninety-four, range
forty;
^ Number three thousand six hundred and
eighty-two, Ralph Dodge, July fifth, eighteen
