17U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to object to the
second reading?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's object
would be attained by negativing the motion to
refer.
The bill was read a second time.
The question was on referring the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
45, noes 42; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Sypher and Mr.
Cox.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to have
the bill again read at length ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. COX. If the bill were again read
there would be no votes for it. It would save
us some trouble.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let the title be read.
The bill was again read by its title.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order for me to
say a word about the bill?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The Chair
cannot even ask unanimous consent for that
purpose, in the morning hour on Monday.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 72, noes 61.
So the motion was agreed to, and the bill
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
samuel brooks.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1969) for the relief of Samuel Brooks; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
louisiana scouts.
Mr. MOREY also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1970) to grant a bounty to the non-com-
missioned officers and privates of the first
regiment of Louisiana independent scouts;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
samuel oolcor1) and others.
Mr. ARTHUR introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1971) to refund to Samuel Colcord and
sixteen others, citizens of the county of Pen-
dleton, in the State of Kentucky, |300 and
interest thereon, on account of said several
sums having been erroneously and illegally
collected from them, under color of commuta-
tion money, at a time when they were exempt
from draft by reason of the said county having
at or before the date thereof more than filled
its quota of drafted men tor the military ser-
vice of the United States of America; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
charles cosby.
Mr. READ introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1972) for the benefit of Charles Cosby, com-
pensating him for distributing the mails at
Millstown, Grayson county, Kentucky ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
pensions to soldiers op vai{ of 1818.
Mr. GOLLADAY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 19731 granting pensions to certain soldiers
of war at 1818 with the Seminole Indians,
and the widows of deceased soldiers; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
lorenzo I) iioylb. '
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a bill
(H. R. No.1974) for the relief of Lorenzo D.
Hoyie; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
john e. tullop.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1975) for the relief of John E. Tullop,
of Williamson county, Tennessee; which was
read a first and second time, leferred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
t,o be printed.
j. o. cage.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1976) for the relief of J. O. Cage; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and, with the accom-
panying papers, ordered to be printed.
william green.
Mr. NIBLACK introduceda bill (H. R. No.
1977) for the relief of William Green, of Knox
county, Indiana; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
william johnson.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1978) for the relief of William Johnson ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
william de beck.
Mr. HOLMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1979) granting a pension to William
DeBeck; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
refunding of taxes.
Mr. BEVERIDGE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1980) to refund taxes improperly col-
lected; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the CommitteeofWays and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
george ii. copiier.
Mr. KING introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1981) for the relief of George H. Copher,
of Hawk's Point, Lincoln county, Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, with
the accompanying papers referred to the Com-
mittee o£ Claims, and ordered to be printed.
i'dblic building at st. joseph, missouri.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, presented a
concurrent resolution of the senate and house
of representatives of the State of Missouri, ask-
ing Congress for an appropriation for a post
office and custom-house at St. Joseph, Mis-
souri; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered
to be printed.
gasconade RIVER, missouri.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, presented
a concurrent resolution of the General Assem-
bly of the State of Missouri, asking Congress
to make an appropriation for the survey and
improvement of the navigation of the Gascon-
ade river, Missouri; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
circuit court in missouri.
Mr. BURDETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1982) to provide for holding a circuit
court of the United States in and for the west-
ern district of Missouri; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
charles m. siiakffnhr
Mr. BURDETT also introduced a bill (H.
11. No. 1983) to authorize Charles M. Shaeff-
ner, an employ6 of the Patent Office, to apply
for a patent; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and, with the accompanying memo-
rial, referred to the Committee on Patents, and
ordered to be printed.
bridges across the arkansas river.
Mr. HANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1984) to authorize the construction of bridges
across the Arkansas river, and to prescribe the
dimensions of the same; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. HANKS also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1985) for the removal of disabilities im-
posed by the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendment of the Constitution from.
L. L. Mack and others, of Arkansas; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ouachita navigation company.
Mr. SNYDER introduced a bill (H. II. No.
1986) to incorporate the Ouachita River Slack-
water Navigation Company ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com mittee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
charles w. adams.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1987) for the relief of Charles W.
Adams ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
john parrish.
Mr. SUTHERLAND introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1988) granting a pension to John Par-
rish; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
horace b. rogers.
Mr. SUTHERLAND also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1989) granting a pension to Hor-
ace B. Rogers ; which was read a first and sec- •
ond time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
george blakslee.
Mr. POSTER, of Michigan, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1990) to relieve George Blakslee
from disabilities imposed by statute; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
presidential electors.
Mr. CONNER introduced a bill (H. Ii. No.
1991) in relation to the election of presidential
electors ; which was rend a lirsl and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. HERNDON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1992) to remove the legal and political
disabilities of certain persons therein named;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
settlers os st. croix land grant.
Mr. RUSK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1993) for the relief of the settlers within tho
limits of the lands granted to tho State of Wis-
consin to aid in the construction of a railroad
from St. Croix lake to Lake Superior ; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
harbor of superior, wisconsin.
Mr. RUSK also presented a memorial of
the secretary of the State of Wisconsin, rela-
tive to the harbor of Superior, and a state-
ment of the most unwarrantable interference
by certain persons with a controversy pending
between the State of Wisconsin and certain
citizens of Dnluth ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
harbor at port washington, wisconsin.
Mr. ELDREDGE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, for.
an appropriation for the improvement of the
harbor at Port Washington, in said State;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
taking of testimony.
^Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1994) to regulate the taking of testimony
in certain eases ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
