2670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
* ' "Mr. ARTHUR. I understand that the gen-
tleman eomplains that the non-production of
the tally-list that was properly left in custody
of the inspector is a defect in the testimony
of the. contestant. In response to that we say
that we produced a certified transcript of the
tallytsheet in .the possession of the clerk : but
we did not present the other because it was
stolen while in the possession of the Repub-
lican inspectors. Why did you not produce it?
-Mr; PERRY, of Ohio. Exactly. There is
the connection. It was stolen and could not
be produced.
. Now about the two votes in Centre town-
ship, Hancock county. As I recollect it, and I
claim to be correct in my recollection, for I
have taken some pains in the matter, this one
of all the ballot-boxes in this contest was left
in the hands of the official inspector.
After this contest was commenced this con-
scientious contestant and some of his political,
friends wanted the inspector to give over into
their possession the ballot-box, and he would
not do it. But, seeing there was to be a contest
about the matter, he invited in a friend in
whom he had confidence, and, taking time to
it, they made a careful recount, one of them
calling off the ballots, the other tallying, and
by that recount they made precisely the same
result that the official count had made. After
protecting in that way the integrity of the
ballot-box, he then handed it over to another
■ party in the interest of the contestant or the
contestant's friends. They then made a re-
count. One party, as before, called off the
votes. He was the only party, as the wit-
ness testifies, who saw the votes; the two
others kept tally while he called off the votes.
In that way they get the three witnesses that
they claim. One man saw the votes and'called
them off, while the two others kept tally.
That man who saw the votes was an ex-
ceedingly active friend of this contestant.
Supposing that to have been a bona fide
count wherein they made two votes more than
had before been supposed to exist for the con-
testant, then that stands against the recount
made by the lawful custodian of the box a few
days before, which agreed precisely with the
official count. Thus, if you.-■set the unofficial
counts one against the other, you have the
official count wholly unirnpeached: or, taking
another view of the matter, you have a care-
ful official count and a careful unofficial count
made while the box was in the hands of its
lawful custodian, against an unofficial count
made after the box had been transferred to
the custody of other parties. That is the
whole matter with reference to the counts.
I wish to say a few words concerning the
alleged illegal votes ; but before passing to
that branch of the subject let me refer briefly
to another point, I do not feel justified in
saying or insinuating that this contestant knows
that he is not elected, as he says the contestee
knows he is not. I do not say that. I do not
insinuate that the contestant or his friends have
acted dishonestly in this matter. Such an in-
sinuation I think unauthorized from any quar-
ter on the other side, and not admissible in
the line of debate on our side. But what did
happen was this: in the consultation between
the contestant and his political friends he was
not in favor of undertaking the contest, show-
ing that he had friends more zealous in this
political controversy than he was; and if any
impropriety was committed it was probably
committed by some of those friends. I do not
intimate that the contestant himself did any-
thing.improper. After that consultation they
took time to consider; and they made their
attacks upon the same day, three weeks after
the election, upon these four precincts where
these prima facie signs could be got hold of,
and where not one of the boxes was kept in a
way to secure its safety.
Now, sir, the contestant claims that he has
proved 35 illegal votes on the part of the con-
testee. The rule in the State of Indiana is
that the ballots should be produced in order to
prove illegal votes. The majority of the com-
mittee, in their report, have not sought to apply
this rule. But adopting that rule, and exam-
ining the evidence as to each of these votes
alleged to be illegal, I can make but 1 illegal
vote in favor of the contestee. Laying aside
that rule and considering the case upon the
evidence, I can discover but 4 illegal votes in
favor of the contestee.
The official count gives the contestee a
majority of 4 votes. But he alleges that a
great many illegal votes were cast for con-
testant. Of these the contestant'admits 4
to have been illegal. Adding these to the
4 officially certified, the contestee starts with
a majority of 8. Then the contestant sets
forth 7 voters, whom he admits to be doubt-
ful, and who voted for him. The committee
find that 3 of those were illegal voters. This
makes a majority of 11 for the contestee.
I think in the official report made by the
majority of the committee the final count of
the votes gives the sitting member a majority
of 8.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. The report of the
majority of the committee gives the sitting
member a majority of 8.
Mr. PERRY, ofOhio. Sincethattimelhave
gone over these votes, and with more care,
and throwing out technicalities on both sides,
I believe the majority of the sitting member
to be much larger than the official report
makes it out. The minority of the committee
report, and I believe correctly, that an illegal
vote in Indiana, where the ballot itself is not
produced to show whom it is cast for, ought
not to be considered as sufficient proof.
I have but a minute, and I will not go over
the ground covered by "the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Arthur.] Holloway occupied
an office in Washington, but before his family
left Richmond they resided in the south poll.
When his family came away they were not
residents in the south poll. His wife died in
another house east of Richmond, I do not know
whether in the south precinct or the north.
It shows they had a residence later than that
to which the present witnesses refer. There
was no division into the north and south polls
until after he went away, and I see no reason,
having been a voter in the whole township, why,
when it was divided, he might not go to the
north poll and vote. It is proved ho was in
the habit of voting there, and it is not proved
he voted anywhere else.
The SPEAKER. The question first recurs
on the following resolutions reported by the
minority of the committee, and moved as a
substitute by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Arthur.]
Resolved, That Jeremiah M. Wilson was not duly
elected, and is not entitled to the seat in tho Forty-
Second Congress from the fourth district of the
State of Indiana.
Resolved, That David S.Gooding was duly elected,
and is entitled to a seat in the Forty-Second Con-
gress from the fourth district of the State of Indi-
ana, and should be admitted to his seat.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
62, noes 74.
Mr. ARTHUR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 64, nays 105, not voting
71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur. Beck, Bell,
Biggs, Bird, Braxton, James Brooks, Comingo, Con-
ner, Cox, Crossland.Dox, DuBose, Duke, Eldredge,
Ely, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman,
Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Hereford, Herndon, Hib-
bard, Holman, Kerr, King, L ami sort, Lewis, Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, McHenry, Mc-
Intyre, Merrick, Niblack, Price. Bead, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Rogers, Sherwood, Slater, Slooum, Sloss, R. Milton
Speer, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Van Trump, Voor-
hees, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Williams of Sew
York, and Young—64.
NAYS — Messrs. Ambler, Ames. Averill, Banks,
Barber, Beatty, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, Boles,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Coburn, Coghlan,
Conger, Crocker, De Large, Dickey, Donnan, Duell,
Eames, Elliott, Finkelnburg, Wilderi>. foster. Inyo.
Garfield,Goodrich,Hale, Hariner, George E. Harris.
Havens, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton.
John W. Hazelton, Hoar, Houghton, Kelley, Ketch-
am, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Crary, McJunkin, Mercur, Korriam, Monroe, Morey,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Pal-
mer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Perce, Aaron F. Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H.
Roberts, Rusk, Sargent. Scofield, Seeley, Sessions,
Shanks, Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stougbton, Stowell,
Strong, Taffe, Turner, Twichell, Tyner, [Ipson,
Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Wheeler, Whiteley,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, and John T. Wil-
son—105.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Barnuin, Barry,
Beveridge, James G. Blair, Bright, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Carroll, Cobb, Cotton, Crebs, Creely, Critcher,
Darrall, Davis, Dawes, Dunnell, Farnsworth, Far-
well, Forker, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Hal-
sey, Hambleton, Harper, John T. Harris, Hill,
Hooper, Kellogg, Kendall, Kiltinger, Kinsella,
Leach, McGrew, McKee, McKinney, McNeely, Ben-
jamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Packer,
Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Eii Perry, Porter,
Potter, Randall, Robinson, Roosevelt, Sawyer,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shober, Worthing tori C.
Smith, Stevens, Storm, St. John, Sypher, Thomas,
Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend, Tuthill,
Vaughan, Waddell, Waldon, Walls, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—71.
So the substitute was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, stated that he was
paired on this question with Mr. Darrall, of
Louisiana, who would vote in the negative,
while he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. HARPER stated that he was paired
with Mr. Sypher, who would vote in the nega-
tive, while he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. STEVENS stated that he was paired
with Mr. Pendleton, who would vote in the
negative, while he would vote in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. SHOBER stated that he was paired with
his colleague, Mr. Cobb, who would vote in the
negative, while he would vote in the affirma-
tive. He further stated that his colleague, Mr.
Leach, who was absent on account of indis-
position, was paired with Mr. Hooper, of Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. McHENRY stated that his colleague,
Mr. Adams, who was in favor of the substi-
tute, was paired with Mr. Walden, of Iowa.
Mr. MOREY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Sheldon, was paired with -Mr.-Waddell, of
North Carolina, who would vote in the affirm-
ative, while his colleague would vote in the
negative.
Mr. McKEE stated that he was paired with
Mr. McNeely, who would vote for the substi-
tute, while he would vote against it.
Mr. DUNNELL stated that he was paired
with Mr. Parker, of New Hampshire.
Mr. FARWELL stated that he was paired
with Mr. Crebs.
Mr. PACKER stated that he was paired
with his colleague, Mr. B. P. Meyers, who
would vote for the substitute, while he would
vote against it.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution reported by the majority of the
committee, as follows:
Remitted, That Hon, Jeremiah *M. Wilson is
entitled to the seat occupied by him in this House
as the Representative from the fourth district of
Indiana.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREATY 01" WASHINGTON.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following preamble and resolution
for present consideration.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the interest and honor of our Govern-
ment ate involved in its faithful adherence to the
treaty of Washington; and whereas statements on
this subject are made which deeply concern the peo-
