1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (S. No. 1125)
to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
acquire from the mayor and corporation of
the city of New York land on the Battery
fo  a custom-house and other Government
buildings."
Mr. CRAGIN. I have a report to make,
but I do not want to object to the Senator's
bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will make a state-
ment in regard to this matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill is not up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a word to say
if the question is on taking it up. I observe
it is a Seriate bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware of that. It
is a Senate bill, and of course will have to be
acted on by the other House. It seems to me
there is very little probability of getting action
upon it in the other House ; and I wanted to
state—and I think the Senator from Connecti-
cut will appreciate it—the Senator knows the
efforts I have made to have some bills reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary without
amendment disposed of. They would pass
3S quick as they could be read. I think four
of them could be passed in five minutes. If
the Senate will let me take up these bills
and pass them, as they are House bills they
would at once become laws. I think the Sen-
ate ought not to take up Senate bills this
morning, because there is no probability of
getting them through the other House at this
session.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will say to the
Senator that the bill which I propose to have
taken up I do not think will occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate more than five minutes. I
should be very glad to have the bills acted
upon to which the Senator refers, but it seems
to me it would be no delay if we should act
on this first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the consideration of the bill
mentioned by the Senator from Connecticut?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I shall deem it my duty
to enter an objection at this stage of $ie ses-
sion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island objects.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheeson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had appointed Mr. Mark H.
Dunnell, of Minnesota, a conferee on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses oh the bill
(H. R. No. 255) confirming to the Port Huron
and Lake Michigan Railroad Company the
lands heretofore granted to the State of Mich-
igan to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Grand Haven to Flint, and thence to
Port Huron, and providing for the manner ot
issuing patents therefor, and for other purposes,
in the place of Mr. John H. Ketcham, ot New
York, excused. , ,
The message further announced that the
House had appointed Mr. Samuel S. Burdeit,
of Missouri, a conferee on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 008) for
the relief of certain tribes in the northern
superintendency, in place of Mr. John M.
Crebs, of Illinois, excused.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes ot the
two Houses on tbe bill (H. R. No. 2208) mak-
ing appropriations for the repair, preserva-
tion, and completion of certain public worKS
on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 649) for the
relief of Simeon Savage.
william b. muse.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2949) for the relief of William B. Muse,
have had the same under consideration, and
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment. I have held this report back for some
days, in the hope that when I made it the bill
would be allowed to pass. It is a little bill,
paying about seven hundred dollars. The
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] feels
a great interest in it, and I ask for its present
consideration.
Mr. POOL. I hope that bill will be passed
now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to William B. Muse,
formerly a passed midshipman in the Navy of
the United States, the sum of $729, as pay-
ment in full for services rendered the Govern-
ment during two years and twenty-eight days,
that amount being the difference of pay
between a passed midshipman and a master
in the Navy of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
new york custom-house.
Mr. BAYARD. On behalf of the minor-
ity of the Committee of Investigation and
Retrenchment, consisting of the Senator from
California [Mr. Casserly] and myself, I de-
sire to present their views in relation to the
affairs of the custom-house at New York, and
to ask that they accompany the report and be
printed in similar form.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Delaware offers the views of the
minority on the custom-house investigation,
and asks that they be printed. That order
will be entered if there be no objection.
reports of committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the petition of letter-carriers of Indi-
anapolis, Indiana, praying an increase of com-
pensation, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of members of the
Illinois Legislature, praying that an increase
of compensation be'granted to mail-carriers,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution of the Chamber of
Commerce of New Orleans in favor of in-
creased mail facilities between that city and
other points, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred sixty-two petitions of citizens
of the United States, praying that publishers
of and dealers in newspapers and periodicals
be allowed to receive by mail printed matter
weighing four ounces on the same terms as
regular subscribers, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred forty-two petitions of citizens of
the United States, praying that the manufac-
ture and sale of stamped envelopes by the
Government be discontinued, asked to bedis-
charged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1156) to define the limits of the collection
district of the Teche, in the State of Louis-
iana, and for other purposes, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2693) to provide for an additional
term of the district and circuit court of the
United States atSyracuse, New York, reported
it adversely.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that that'bill go on
the Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be placed on the Calendar with the ad-
verse report of the committee.
martin p. hardin.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up a bill to, which I
called attention on Saturday evening, and
which had precedence of any other bill at that
time—a bill to pay what we owe, not asking
that anything shall be appropriated except that
which the Government has belopging to an-
other, a poor man—a little over two hundred
dollars. The bill is on the Secretary's table,
and I beg the Senate will allow it to pass.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1457) for the relief
of Martin P.Hardin, of Pontotoc county, Mis-
sissippi. It directs the payment to Martin P.
Hardin of $200 73, which sum was paid by
him for the northeast' of quarter section six-
teen, township nine, range five east of thd
meridian line of the Chickasaw cession, in the
State of Mississippi, the title to which tract of
land has been adjudged by a competent tribu-
nal not to have been in the United States at
the time of the sale.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third' time, and passed.
timber os western prairies.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I move to take upSen-
ate bill No. 680, reported from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands some time ago. I had
hoped to occupy some of the time of the Sen-
ate in discussing this bill, but at this stage of.
the session I shall not undertake that. I ask
that it be put on its passage.
The motion was agreed.to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 680) to encourage
the growth of timber on the western prairies.
It provides that any person who shall plant,
protect, and keep in a healthy growing con-
dition for five years, one hundred and twenty
acres of timber, the trees thereon not being
more than eight feet a.part each way, on any
quarter section of any of the public lands of*
the United States, shall be entitledto a pat-
ent for the whole of the quarter section at the
expiration of the five years, on making proof
of such fact by not less than two credible wit-
nesses ; but only one quartet in any section
is to be thus granted.
The person applying for the benefit of this
act upon application to the register of the
land office in which he or she is about to make
such entry, is to make affidavit before the
register or receiver that the entry is made for
the cultivation of timber, and upon filing the
affidavit with the register and receiver, and on
payment often dollars, he or she is thereupon
to be permitted to enter the quantity of land
specified ; but no certificate is to be given or
patent issued therefor until the expiration of
at least five years from the date of such entry;
and if at the expiration of such time, or at
any time within three years thereafter, the
person making such entry, or if he or she be
dead, his or her heirs or legal representatives,
shall prove by two credible witnesses that he,
she, or they have planted and for not less than
five years have cultivated and protected such
quantity and character of timber, they are to
receive the patent for such quarter section of
land. .
If at any time after the filing of the affidavit,
and prior to the issuing of the patent for the
land, it shall be proven, after due notice to the
party making such entry and claiming to culti-
vate such timber, to the satisfaction of the,
register of the land office that such person has
abandoned or failed to cultivate, protect, and
keep in good condition such timber, then, and
in that event, the land is to revert to the
United States.
