3568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Oils:
Amber, (crude;)
Ambergris;
Anthoa, or rosemary;
Cnjeput;
Ceil rat;
Civet;
Fennel;
Juglandium;
Lavender;
Poppy;
Thyme, white;
Valerian;
Oil-eake;
Paper-stock, crude, of every description, includ-
ing all grasses, fibers, rags other than wool, waste,
shavings, clippings, old paper, rope ends, waste
rope, waste bagging, gunny-bags and gunny-cloth,
old or refuse, to be used in making and fit only to
be converted into paper and unfit for any other
manufacture;
Palladium metal;
Paraffine;
Pebbles for spectacles, rough;
Phanghen;
Rennets, raw or prepared;
Sand;
Seeds:
Anise;
Anise star:
Cilia;
Rape-seed;
Sugar-cane;
Sesaraum;
Soapstone;
Sparterre, for making or ornamenting hats:
Spermaceti;
Split pease;
Straw, unmanufactured;
Tallow:
Tar and pitch, of pine;
Teasels;
Teeth, manufactured;
W afers;
Wax of bees, and manufactures of; shoemakers'
wax;
Whalebone;
Yeast-cakes.
The CHAIRMAN". As this section per-
tains to the free list only, the Chair will regard
it as a single paragraph, open to amendments
by additions and insertions. If amendments
are made, they can be arranged in alphabetical
order by the engrossing clerk.
Mr. DAWES. As tea and coffee have been
made free, it becomes necessary to place cer-
tain other articles on t.he free list. I move to
add to the free list the following:
Cocoa, crude and butter, fiber, leaves, and shells
of, and racahout.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend by adding
"coca and its shells." That is the substance
from which chocolate is made.
Mr. DAWES. There are three ways of
spelling the word. If my friend will tell me
which way he prefers I will adopt it.
Mr. CONGER. They are differentarticles;
one is called "coca" and the other is called
'• cocoa."
Mr. DAWES. Let it be added if the gen-
tleman desires.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I move to add
to the free list "printers' type."
The amendment was not agreed to, upon a
division—ayes 51, noes 72.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add to the free
list the following:
Printing paper used exclusively for books other
than blank books, and for magazines and news-
papers.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose we had settled
the subject of printing-paper in a preceding
paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. It is for the committee
to determine that question.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. IIolman ; and upon a
division, there were—ayes 61, noes 70.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered, there being ten in
the affirmative, not one fifth of a quorum.
So the amendment, was not agreed to.'
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. 1 move to amend
by adding to the clause putting "hides of
cattle," &c., on the free list, the words "ex-
cept sheep-skins with the wool on."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DUKE. I move to add to the free list
the following:
Licorice, extract, stick, piece, or mass.
The amendment was not agreed to, upon a
division—ayes 50, noes 95.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to add
the following to the free list:
Books printed, other than in the English lan-
guage, and books printed in the English language
of an edition unrevised for twenty years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee rose; and the Speaker
resumed the chair.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS
The SPEAKER. By the rule of the House
the Committee for the District of Columbia
at this hour, two o'clock, of the third Friday
of the month, is entitled to the floor for the
exclusive consideration of its business.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that gentlemen of
the District Committee will consent to post-
pone their business until Friday of next week.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. As I said to the
gentleman this morning, if we can be assured
of having next Friday for the business of our
committee, we have no objection to waiving
our right to-day. .
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will con-
sent to that.
The SPEAKER. • If there be no objection
the Committee for the District of Columbia
will be allowed Friday of next week after two
o'clock, instead of to-day, for the presenta-
tion of their business. The Chair hears no
objection. The Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union will resume its session.
message from the senatb.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Syiip-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had concurred in the amendment of the
House for printing extra copies of the report
of the board of Indian commissioners for 1871 ;
also in the resolution of the House for print-
ing extra copies of the preliminary report of
the commissioner of the United States to the
international penitentiary congress of London.
The message also announced that the Senate
had adopted a resolution (in which the con-
currence of the House was requested) to print
additional copies of the report and accompany-
ing maps of the Darien surveying expedition.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the bill (H. R. No.
1661) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1872.
The message also announced that the Senate
requested the House of Representatives to
return to the Senate the bill (S. No. 931)
authorizing the construction of a bridge across
the Arkansas river at Little Rock, Arkansas.
The message further announced that the
President, having returned to the Senate with
his objections the bill (S. No. 955) granting a
pension to Mary Ann Montgomery, widow of
William W. Montgomery, late captain in Texas
volunteers, the Senate had, in pursuance of
the Constitution, proceeded to reconsider the
bill, and (two thirds of the Senate agreeing
thereto) had repassed the same.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, House
bill of the following title:
An act (H. R. No. 534) to provide for hold-
ing the United States district court in the city
of Toledo.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed House bills of the follow-
ing titles, with amendments; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 1297) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and mechanic arts," passed July 2, 1862, and
acts amendatory thereto ;
An act (H. R. No. 1535) to abolish the tribal
relations of the Miami Indians, and for other
purposes;
An act(H. R. No. 1551) for the relief of S.
B. Mitchell, George W. Mitchell, and John
R. Mitchell; and
An act (H. R. No. 2044) to authorize the
appointment of shipping commissioners by the
several circuit courts of the United States, to
superintend the shipping and discharge of sea-
men engaged in merchant ships belonging to
the United States, and for the further protec-
tion of seamen.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 744) for the relief of William
G. Langford;
An act (S. No. 1107) for the relief of Wil-
son Bowlby, collector of internal revenue for
Oregon;
An act (S. No. 1025) to quiet the title to
lands of the settlers on lands belonging to the
West Wisconsin Railway Company;
An act (S. No. 1036) granting the right of
way through the public lands to the Jackson-
ville and St. Augustine Railroad Company;
An act (S. No. 986) to settle land titles in
the State of Iowa;
An act (S. No. 944f' tp provide for the
claims of the PottawSaqntfe Indians residing
in Michigan and Indiana;
An act (S. No. 1015) to quiet the title to
certain lands in the State of Iowa ;
An act (S. No. 1002) granting the right of
way through the public lands to the Pensacola
and Louisville Railroad Company of Alabama;
An act (S. No. 842) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at or near the city of lted Wing, in the
State of Minnesota, and to establish it as a
post road ;
An act (S. No. 1088) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to settle the claims of
Messrs. Durfee & Peck and E. H. Durfee, for
supplies furnished the Indians in Montana in
the winter of 1869 ;
An act (S. No. 562) in relation to settlers
on certain Indian reservations in the State of
Minnesota ;
An act (S. No. 508) for the relief of certain
tribes of Indians in the northern superintend-
ency ;
An act (S. No. 349) to provide for the pay-
ment of D. B. Allen & Co. for services in car-
rying the United States mails;
An act (S. No. 450) to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain ;
An act (S. No. 218) to create an additional "
land district in Florida ; and
An act (S. No. 536) to confirm sales of
Shawnee Indian land in Kansas, under the
direction and with the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
TAX AND TARIFF BILL.
The House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wheeler in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to
reduce duties on imports, and to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and f®r other purposes.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend by insert-
ing in the free list "gilling twine and fish-net
twine used by fishermen on the ocean, lakes,
rivers, and waters of the United States."
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being—ayes seventeen, noes not counted.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to amend by
striking from the free list "calomel."
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will wait
a moment, I will move to make quicksilver
free.
Mr. L. MYERS. That will answer my
purpose. "
The amendment of Mr. L. Myers was not
agreed to.
