2672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
of the. late war, and to the widows and chil-
dren of such as are dead; fifth, establishing
a soldiers' commission to inquire into and
report annually oil the claims and grievances
of the defenders of the Union.
By Mr. CROCKER: The petition of Gen-
eral John W. Kimball and 54 others, for the
passage of House bill No. 17S8, increasing
pensions to soldiers and sailors permanently
disabled, -
By Mr. GETZ: A memorial to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds of
the House of Representatives, in relation to
the wholesale-market of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia.
By Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin: The
memorial of certain citizens of Madison, Wis-
consin, for the passage of House bill No. 1738,
which provides for an increase of pensions to
those permanently disabled by loss of limbs
or eyes in the late war.
. By Mr. HOUGHTON: The petition of
citizens of California, relative to the proposed
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States incorporating therein a recognition of
" God as the source of all authority and power
in civil government."
By_Mr. LYNCH: The petition of citizens
of Kittery, Maine, asking the passage of bill
No. 1738.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
J. Jackson Purman, P. M. Syphers, D. Craw-
ford, B. F. Flenniken, M. W. Denny, John M.
Kent, Thomas C. Wallace, R. F. Downey,
and 109 others, citizens of Greene county,
Pennsylvania, praying the passage of House
bill No. 17G8, providing for an increase of
pensions to permanently disabled soldiers,
and thereby aid a deserving class of citizens.
By Mr. MORE Y: The petition of T. S. John-
son and others, citizens of Louisiana, praying
the extension to the entire State of Louis-
iana of the provisions of an act entitled "An
act to enforce the rights of citizens of the Uni-
tedStates to vote in the several States of the
Union, and for other purposes," approved
February 28, 1871.
_ By Mr. PARKER, of Missouri : A memo-
rial of the General Assembly of the State of
Missouri, -praying thatCongress will grant to
the State the Government lands ^et remaining
unsold within the State, the proceeds of the
sale thereof to be appropriated by the Legisla-
ture to the cause of education, and to become
a part of the public school fund of the State,
in accordance with the fifth section of the ninth
article of the constitution of the State.
By Mr. PECIC: The petition of Thomas
Duniap, Richard Waite, W. J. Kelly, and 560
others, citizens of Lucas county, Ohio, asking
the passage of House bill No. 1731, increasing
the pensions of all those totally disabled by
loss of both limbs, both eyes, &e.
By Mr. SHOEMAKER: The petition of citi-
zens of Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, urging
the passage of House bill No. 1738, relating to
increase of pensions to disabled soldiers.
Also, the petition of citizens of Luzerne
county, Pennsylvania, praying a tariff on for-
eign earthenware and stoneware.
By Mr. SLOCUM: The petition of citizens
of Brooklyn, New York, for increase of pen-
sion to certain classes of disabled soldiers.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Emily Agnel, for
relief.
By Mr. SNAPP: The petition of Marcus P.
Norton, inventor and patentee, and William
W. Secombe, assignee in trust, asking com-
pensation for a post-marking and postage-
stamp canceling machine.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petition
of W. T. Wells, of Newton county, Georgia,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of J.
W. Banks and others, soldiers of the war for
the Union from the State of Kentucky, asking
an equalization of bounties and an amendment
of the homestead laws.
By Mr. SUTHERLAND: The petition of
many citizens of the sixth congressional dis-
trict of Michigan, asking the passage of House
bill No. 1738, allowing totally and partially
disabled soldiers and seamen increased pen-
sions.
By Mr. WALDEN: The petition of E. F.
Sperry and 155 others, of Marion county,
Iowa, for the passage of House bill No. 1738,
granting increased pensions to disabled sol-
diers and seamen.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York: The
petition of Solomon Schere and 50 others,
citizens of Buffalo, New York, in favor of
the passage of House bill No. 1738, increas-
ing the pensions to soldiers of the late war
who were permanently disabled by the loss of
eyes or limbs.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 23,1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. HOWE. If there is no special desire
to hear the Journal read, I move to dispense
with the further reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent to
dispense with the further reading of the Jour-
nal. Is there objection ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object. Let it be
read.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are
now in order.
Mr. COLE. I should like to get leave to
call up the deficiency bill as soon as the morn-
ing business is over, and I desire to say that
the necessity of disposing of it is very great.
The pressure comes from all parts of the
country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions being
now in order, the Senator from California
asks unanimous consent to have the deficiency
bill taken np subject to the morning business.
Is there objection?
Mr. HOWE. I object. I wish to call atten-
tention to the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A correction of
the Journal?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. I did not care to
have the Journal read ; but it having been
read in spite of ine, I think it needs correc-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is first in
order.
Mr.HOWE. I understand the Journal to
read that I took an appeal yesterday from the
decision of the Chair to the effect that it was
not in order to discuss the merits of a bill on
a motion to proceed to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the Journal does not so state as he heard it
read. It states that the Chair interrupted the
Senator from Wisconsin, and stated that he
thought he was discussing the merits, and on
that particular point the Senator appealed;
that is, whether he was or was not discussing
the merits.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear that part of
the Journal read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be again
reported.
The Secretary read as follows:
"A motion was made by Mr. Logan that the Sen-
ate resume the consideration of the resolution
reported from the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, declaring Joseph 0. Abbott not entitled
to a seat in the Senate from the State of North
Carolina; and
_ ''Mr. II owe, while engaged in debate, was arrested
in his remarks by the Chair, on the ground that he
was discussing the merits of the subj ect, which was
not m order on amotion to proceed to its considera-
tion.
"From this decision of the Chair Mr. Howe
appealed to the Senate."
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I respectfully |
submit that that does not state the question
which was presented to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
move to amend the Journal, which is a ques-
tion of privilege at this present time, and then
it will be for the Senate to decide whether the
Journal is correct or not.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to have it amended,
and to have the language which I used and
which was held to be a discussion on the mer-
its of the bill proposed to be considered.appear.
The point upon which I differed with the Chair
was not as to whether it was in order or not to
discuss the merits of a bill on a motion to
proceed to its consideration; I expressly ad-
mitted that that was not in order, but I insisted
that I had said nothing about the merits of
that bill, and I desire that the words I used
should be inserted in the Journal, that it may
appear what was really the question between
the Chair and myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words were
not taken down at the time, and do not fall,
therefore, within the rule, which refers spe-
cifically to words that are taken down and on
which the Chair rules when a point of order
is made upon them. The Senator from Wis-
consin will remember that the Chair preferred
yesterday that the Senator should state him-
self the words to the Senate. The Chair was
about to state them, but said "The Senator
will state his own language better," and he
did so state it. The Chair made a similar
ruling a great many times yesterday, during
the hour that was spent in discussion before
anything was voted upon, upon several other
Senators. The Senator from Wisconsin alone,
however, appealed from his ruling. He will
now move the amendment he desires to the
Journal, which by the rules must be in writing.
If the Senator will prepare it or give it so that
the Secretary can obtain it, the Chair will
then submit it to the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Can I be indulged in some
little time to draw up the motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly. The
Senator from Wisconsin moves to amend the
Journal. The Chair is just informed that the
words are in print in the Globe this morning.
Mr. HOWE. I was about to refer to the
Globe. ...
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. No business can
be transacted until the Journal is approved by
the Senate. That is the first business in order.
Mr. SPENCER. 1 ask unanimous consent
this morning to make a few remarks which will
take about ten or fifteen minutes in reply to
remarks made at the Cooper Institute, New
York, a short time since by the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
I.he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California asked unanimous consent that the
deficiency bill be taken up after the morning
business, which was objected to by the Senator
from Wisconsin on the ground that he desired
to correct the Journal first. That is nowpend-
jng and is therefore the first thing in order.
The Senator from California, the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, asked unani-
mous consent, but it was objected to until this
question was disposed of.
Mr. HOWE. I have found the words, but
I have not reduced the motion to writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
needful if the Senator will incorporate the
words he used yesterday. The mere formal
words of the resolution or motion can be taken
down by the Secretary.
Mr. HOWE. The language I used as it is
recorded in the Globe is as follows:
"Now,while it might be alittle in ore convenient and
a little more agreeable to the feelings of some of us
.ve . Senator from Ohio present when that
bill is considered, what is the consideration which
calls upon the Senate to proceed with th^bill moved
by the Senator from Pennsylvania? Itisnotaques-
tion of convenience. There is a great business in-
terest of the country which to-day actually screams
with agony because the Legislature will not settle
that question ►
