THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June M),
:,Eaehfr}d every, person who, under the pro-
visioiis'of an act entitled " An actio ■secure
to, actual settlers ,on the public
May 20, 1962, or any
amendment thereto, having, a homestead on
the public domain, who, at the end of the third
year of his or Ker residence thereon, shall have
had'uhder: CaMv&tion, for two years sse acre
e£;tliwb&$ '4hi -trees thereon not being mere
than «ig4t)feet apart ea'eh way, and in-ft good,
toriditibo, for each and every sixteen
acresof'tbe homestead is, upondue proof of
the fact fey two credible witnesses, to'receive
his or her patent for the homestead.
■ No- land" acquired under-the provisions of
this-act is, in any event, to become liable to
the satisfaction of -any debt or debts contracted
prior to the issuing of paten t therefor.
, The Commissioner of the General Land
Office is required to-prepare and issue such
rultea and regulations consistent with this act
as shall be necessary and proper to carry its
provisions into effect? and -the registers and the
receivers of the several land offices are .to be
entitled to receive the same compensation for
any lands entered under the provisions of this
aet that they are now entitled to receive when
the same quantity of land is entered with
Money. •
The fifth section of the act entitled " An aet
in addition toan act to punish crimes against
the United States, and for other purposes,"
approved March 8, 1857, is to extend to all
oaths, affirmations, and affidavits required or
authorized by the act.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill withamendmetus. The first amend-
ment w.as in lines four and five of section two,
to stride out.''.one hundred and twenty " and
inject " fprty,,^'and in line six to strike out
"eight" and insert "twelve;" so that the
section will, read;
lhat any Mrs on who shall plant, proteot, and
keep in a healthy growing condition for five years
forty aoreg of timber, the treos thereon not being
wore thap twelve feet apart each way, on any quar-
ter section of itpy of the public lands of the United
Stater nuait bo entitled to a patent for the whole of
saM <iwut«r'a«ction, <fco. ■
- The araendment was agreed to.
* This next amendment was in section four,
line eightf, to strike odt "eight" and insert
"twelve;" so as to read, " the trees thereon
not being more than twelve feet apart each
Way."
■ The aihendment was agreed to.
Mr, HARLAN. I move further to amend
the "bill by Striking out " five " and inserting
" ten" before the word "years."
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I hope not.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment adopted
a moment ago requires them only to plant
forty instead of one hundred and twenty acres,
as 1 understand.
Mr. POMEROY. That is, forty trees on-
each oti6 hundred and sixty acres.
Mi-.' SHERMAN. That makes it very
liberal
Mr. HITCHCOCK. The Senator will find
that iB amply sufficient, I believe this is the
most important bill for the treeless plains west
of the Missouri river that has been before the
Senate at this session. I ask that it may be
passed, that we may have an opportunity to
try H at any rate..
_ TJhe PRESIDENT pro tempore- The ques-
tion 18; on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa. *'
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and
nayS upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HITCHCOCK..' That amendment will
rain the bill. I hope the Senator will with-
draw it.
Mr. HARLAN, I desire to say. a word on
the amendment. I do not suppose it is the
intention of the Senate t*o extend the right to
hoinestead lands to everybody, whether they
have embraced the privileges of that aet here-
tofore or fioti and vntually to extinguish the
preemption laws and make a gratuity of a
quarter, section of land to every ope whp
chooses to go on it and occupy it, whether they
come within- the provisions of the preemption
and homestead laws or not.
This bill, if it should, pass in its present
forte, although I am in layer of the principle
of- the bill; will not,in my. opinion, effect the
object intended, to induce the. cultivation o,f
timber.. It provides, that if any , party shall,
plant but and cultivate for five yeajs forty, a,cres
of tijnber, be shall ^have a, title to it, 1 Those
of us who were born on the frontier and under-
stand how those things are .done and t$ay .be
done, know very well that fivei years' growth
of timber on a western prai,rie, cultivated as it
probably will be within the meaning of that
clause, will not amount to much. At the Bid
of five years there, will be no timber OH the
land, and no, probability of timber . in the
future, and yet he will be able to prove that he
has come within the letter of that law.
I suppose the honorable Senator from Ne-
braska intends to effect something by the pas-
sage of a bill of this kind, in the way of stim-
ulating the growth of timber. A? he intro-
duced the bill, it would require, some, invest-
ment that would be a guarantee of good faith
on the part of the individual who should
attempt to enter. If the party is required to
break up and plant out one hundred and
twenty acres of the one hundred And sixty,
such an investment will be a guarantee of good
faith; but to merely require him to break up
forty acres of land and make a pretense of
planting out forest trees and cultivating for a
term of five years is, in my opinion, a sham,
and will prove to be a sham. If it is the
intention of the Senate to make   gratuity of
that much land to everybody who will choose
to go through this process, of course they will
vote it. If you extend the time to ten years,
a ten years' cultivation will Bhow whether
there is any growth of trees that will produce
timber.
Why, Mr. President, the growth of a forest
requires p. hundred years. You undertake to
cultivate oak trees, the kind of timber needed
on the western prairies, and you must cultivate
them for a hundred years. You may produce
soft timber, such as cotton-wood aud maple,
in twenty or thirty years that will amount to
timber. Butthisisapropositiontorequire them
to cultivate but five years and then secure
title to the land. I know it is not the inten-
tion of the honorable Senator from Nebraska
to permit a mere sham entry of these lands.
Under the homestead law people can obtain
laud now by occupying itashomejitead settlers
with their families and becoming permanent
denizens. Hence for that class of settlers there
is no necessity for this bill unless y.ou' intend
to duplicate the amount of land that each
homestead settler may have. If that is the
object, then-it may be effected under thi3 bill.
If that is not the purpose, if the bona fide
purpose is to stimulate the growth of forest
trees, then withold the title for eight or ten
years so as to guaranty good faith, t am
surprised that anybody should object to an
amendment of this kind.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. There is clearly no
time to discuss a measure of this importance
at this period of the session. I had hoped
and intended to prepare some remarks on this
question, which I thought and still think
deserves the careful consideration of the Sen-
ate. I am surprised at the style of the
remarks made by the honorable Senator from
Iowa. It is evident he does not desire the
passage of the bill at this time. But, sir,
preferring that the bill should pass, even with
this amendment of the Senator, rather than it
should fail entirely, I will accept the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call
for the yeas and nays will be withdrawn by
unanimous consent. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr- TIPTON. In reg;ard to that amend-
ment, I think the Senator from Iowa is cor-
rect. In the first place, there is no certainty
at the end of five years that you are to have
one stick.of tiipber.on ypur,claim« . *
Mr. HITCHCOCK. That amendment is
agreed to unanimously now. - '
Air. HAltLAN. Is it agreed to ? , : ;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
waaabput to put .the question upon it'. The
Senator from Nebraska accepted it.
Mr. TIPTON. If it is accepted, I have
nothing to say.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported- to the Senate as amend-
ed,-and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. ALCORN. This is in the nature of
a preemption law, as J understand it. It is
not so in. terms,, it is true, but that is -the effect
of it. My opinion is that no person should be
entitled to the bene£t of such a law who owns
at the time as mueh as a quarter section of
land in any other State or Territory in the
Union. This is intended for the landless,
those who are without land. Nor should any
person be eptitled to the benefits of the law
who has heretofore availed himself of the ben-
efits of any of the preemption laws of this Gov-
ernment; and I propose to. offer an amend-
ment to that effect. It is to the poor of the
country that these acts of preemption should
be extended, and they should be guarded
against monopolies which will necessarily
grow up under these laws of Congress. I
move to amend the bill by adding at the end
of the last section the following:
Provided. That no person shall be entitled to the
benefit of this act who shall, at the time of entering
upon said land, be the ownorofas much as ono hun-
dred and sixty acres of land in any btateorTerritory
of the United States; And provided further. That the
benefit of this aet shall not aeorue to any who may
have had the benefit of any previous preemption
law.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. The Senator from
Mississippi totally misapprehends the object
and intention of this bill. The object of the
bill is to encourage and develop a growth of
timber on the treeless plains west of the Mis-
souri river. It will take capital, it will take
money to- plant, cultivate, and protect forty
acres of timber, of trees twelve feet apart for
ten years, as the bill now provides. A man
without capital can get his land now without
money and without price under the homestead
law. The object of this bill is to encourage
the growth of timber, not merely for the
benefit of the soil, not merely for the value of
the timber of itself, but for its influence upon
the climate. If the Senator had bad any actual
experience on the treeless plains 
Mr. ALCORN, If the Senator will allow
me, I have had a great deal of experience
with regard to the preemption laws, but I will
withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The
amendment is withdrawn.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for -a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
QBOKfiB W. STUBTEVANT.
Mr. HOWE. I- desire to make a report
from the Committee on Claims on House bill
No. 1310, for the relief of George W. Sturte-
vant. It asks for $100 as it passed the House.
The $100 has been in the Treasury a good
while for land the man hais never got. I ask
that the bill be put on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee oi' the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1310) for the relief
of George W. Sturtevant. It is a direction to
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to George
W. Sturtevant, of Dodge county, Wisconsin,
$100, in full settlement of all claims on his
behalf growing out of money paid by him to
the United States receiver of the Milwaukee
land office by mistake.
The bill was was reported to -the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and j
