1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4465
JOHN B. WOODWARD.
Mr. FRELINUHUYSEN. T report hack
from the Committee on the Judiciary the biii
(H. R No. 1424) to reimburse John E. Wood-
ward for curiam moneys paid by him. It pays
liim $3,600 under these circumstances : as an
officer of ihe Government he seized property,
sold it for $3,600, and it was paid into the
Treasury. He was afterward sued and had to
pay the $3,600. This is to pay him the money
which he paid into the Treasury.
There being no objection, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It directs that the sum of
$3 629 72 be paid from the judiciary fund
accruing from tines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures to John E. Woodward, the same being
the amount of money paid by him as dam-
ages, interest, and costs on a judgment in
favor of Samuel Fells in the circuit court of
McCracken county, State of Kentucky, be-
cause of the sale by Woodward of certain
property during the war by the order of the
Piesident of the United States, the proceeds
of the sale having been duly and faithfully
accounted for to the United States.
The bill was repotted to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
INDIANS OF NORTHERN SUPERINTENDHSNCY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 508) for
the relief of certain tribes of Indians m the
northern snperintendency.
The amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was at the end of the first section
to insert the following:
Provided, That no sale shall be approved unless
the aver.ige sales of each of said parcels of said
lauds .shall be at least $2 50.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
concur in the House amendment. Several
messages have passed in relation to it. The
Senate non-concurred at first and asked for a
committee of conference ; the House agreed
to the request for a conference. I move now
that the Senate concur in the House amend-
ment.
Tlie motion was agreed to.
JOHN G. M Kit KIT!
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That John G. Merritt, a disabled sol-
dier and taitluul officer of the Senate, be continued
as messenger and doorkeeper, under the authority
of the Sergeant-at-Arms, until the further order of
the denate.
BILL INTRODUCED
Mr. CALDWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1193) authorizing the construction of a
public building at, Leavenworth, Kansas, for
the use of the post office, United States courts,
and revenue offices in said city ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
EASTERN NEVADA RAILROAD.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that a bill which has
come from the House be put on its passage.
It relate-i to something in Nevada, and the
Senator from Nevada will explain it.
Mr. STEWART. That is a bill granting
(he right of way between Elko and Hamilton
to build a narrow guage railroad that the par-
tics have succeeded in raising the money for.
Mr. POMEIIOY. It is the bill (H. R. No.
1842) tc grant the right of way through the
public lands to the Eastern Nevada Railroad
Company. I am authorized by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands to report it back aud ask
for its present consideration.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object to the con-
sideration of that bill.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator from
South Corolina will not object.
42c Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 280.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This bill gives the
right of way through the public lands for all
time.
UNROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House
had signed the following enrolled bills; and
they were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore :
A bill (H. R. No. 1671) making appropri-
ations for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2208) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes:
A bill (H. R. No. 2582) making appropri-
ations for the payment of claims reported
allowed by the commissioners of claims under
the act of Congress of March 3, 1871;
Abill(H. R No. 2800) to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to appoint one or
more commissioners to represent the Govern-
ment of the" United States at the international
exposition of agriculture, industry and fine
arts, to be held at Vienna in 1873 :
A bill (H. R. No. 2973) to refund duties
paid on goods, wares and merchandise remain-
ing in bond or store on the 1st day of August,
1872;
A bill (S. No. 649) for the relief of Simeon
Savage; and
A hill (S. No. 1175) for the relief of certain
Indians in the central superiutendency;
CINCINNATI PUBLIC BUILDING SITE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now to take up
the bill in regard to the condemnation of land
for the custom-house building in Cincinnati.
I think Senators are ready to vote.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the hill (H. R. No. 2867) to
regulate the exercise of eminent domain in
seeming a site for public buildings in the city
of Cincinnati.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have a vote on
House bill No. 2040.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not object, but I
think we had better take one thing at a time.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary on page5, section
nine, line three, to strike out the word "board"
and insert *' Secretary."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am opposed to the
passage of this bill, and I will state my rea-
sons why. Like some other bills that have
been passed here, this bill marks an entirely
new departure from the Constitution in the
policy of the Government. It is the very first
bill in which the United States have under-
taken to assert the right to institute proceed-
ings in their own courts for the condemnation
of lands within the limits of a State. In sev-
eral of the States there are laws in regard to
the general subject, but they are laws which
are limited for the present purpose, according
to my recollection, to one ot two classes. One
class is where the State provides for a cession
ol jurisdiction with the United States over
lauds acquired by them by purchase or gift,
in the ordinary way. The other class con-
sists of laws such as the law we have in the
Stateof California, whereby the United States,
like any other suitor, is allowed to use the
courts of the State for the purpose of proceed-
ings to condemn lands in virtue of the right
of eminent domain in the State. Ihere is no
act of any Slate, that lam aware of, and I
think there is no act of Congress, which claims,
as this bill does, the right of eminent domain
in the United States to lands within a State.
I do not think that the attempt to assert the
claim in the Federal courts aggravates the
enormity of the claim iu the least. It seems
to me a claim that is wholly indefensible,
either in the light of authority or precedent.
Mr. President, what is the right of eminent
domain? Shortly stated, it is the ultimate
right which is held to exist in the State of dis-
posing for public purposes of private property
within its jurisdiction. It is a right which in
practice is usually, perhaps always, asserted in
regard to land, though it extends to personal
property as well.
This right of the State she may exercise
directly, as for her own public works. She
may exercise it indirectly, as wheu she au-
thorizes private parties, either singly or in
association, to avail themselves of her right
of eminent domain to condemn lands for uses
that, are public in some aspect of them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished businesi
of yesterday, being House bill No. 2247, giv-
ing the approval and sanction of Congress to
the termini and route of the Anaeostia and
Potomac River railroad, and to regulate its
construction and operation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that will be passed
over until we dispose of this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
passed over informally if there be no objec-
tion, and the Senator from California will pro-
ceed with his remarks on the bill in regard to
public buildings at Cincinnati.
Mr. CASSERLY. The case of railroads is
a striking instance of the indirect exercise by
a State of the right of eminent domain. A
railroad company has, of course, no inherent
right of eminent domain. But a public rail-
road is a public purpose, or at least has been
so decided by the courts in a series of decisions
of too long standing and of number too great
now to bequestioned ; hence theStatedelegatea
to a railroad company the exercise of the right
of eminent, domain for the acquisition of the
lands required for its necessary uses.
The difficulty which prevents one from voting
for this bill is easily stated. If the United
States have the right of eminent domain to
lands within a State for the purpose of a post
office or a custom-house, being a public pur-
pose of the nited States, why do not the
United States possess it for any other public
purpose? Once you concede that, it follows
that the right of eminent domain ia in the
United States to the same extent and in the
same intent and meaning as it is in the State;
that is, for all public purposes of either, and
under the same limits as to its exercise.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman]
says to me, " Nobody does pretend that." 1
must say this bill does pretend that very
thing. Why do I say so? Because the object
of the bill as explained here—I have not read
it; it has been brought in at such a late hour
of the session as to make it impossible to
examine it,, but, as I heard the bill explained
by the Senator himself, the object of it is to
enable the United States to condemn lands
within a State for the public purposes of the
Federal Government. Now I say such a bill,
implies iu the United States the right of emi-
nent domain for all public purposes.^ If it
does not imply that, what does it imply ?
Where is the limit sheet of that?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask tbe Senator
from California if be is aware that the State
of Ohio has already ceded to the United States
jurisdiction over this land 1
Mr. CASSERLY. The cession of jurisdic-
tion by the State has nothing to do with tbe
proprietary title. The two things are wholly
distinct.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not know that the
Senator was aware of that fact.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am discussing the ac-
quisition of proprietary title by proceedings
of condemnation at present. I am very giad
to hear that the United States and the State
of Ohio have deferred so niuchto the manifest
letter of the Constitution as to understand that
