1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1777
ted to and approved by the joint Committee
on Public Printing on the part of the Senate.
The second section appropriates the sum of
$400,000, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary, the accounts having been approved
as in previous years, by the Secretary of
tlie Senate and by the Clerk of the House or
their representatives.
Mr. JBEATTY. I desire simply to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
if be will not change his motion so as to allow
this bill to be referred to the Committee oil
Appropriations? That committee can report
it back again to-morrow, if they shall see fit.
It is a bill which contains an appropriation of
$400,000, and should be considered by a com-
mittee.
Mr. KELLEY. I decline to modify my
motion in any way. These parties have gone
on reporting and publishing the proceedings
of Congress on terms arranged by a former
Committee on Printing, and 
Mr. BEATTY. I object to debate.
Mr. KELLEY. After the gentleman has
made his speech he objects to debate.
Mr. BEATTY. I have made no speech ; I
have simply asked a question.
Mr. FARNSWOIU'H. Under present cir-
cumstances many members must, like myself,
vote against taking up the bill because we
lack information in regard to it, and because
no committee recommends it. I understand
that this is an attempt to pass the bill over the
heads of the Committee on Printing and the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BEATTY. ft is an attempt to pass
the bill over the heads of the appropriate
committees of this House and in the interest
of certain contractors.
Mr. KELLEY. It is an attempt to pass a
bill to pay for work that is being done daily,
and the prevention of the payment for which
is due to certain would-be contractors.
Mr. BEATTY. It is an attempt to pass a
bill which will pay these people twice what
this work is worth.
Mr. KELLEY. That statement is not ac-
cording to the facts of the ease.
Mr BEATTY. My statement is the troth.
Mr. KELLEY. I propose that those who
resist so just a measure shall have a chance
to be heard before the House. [Cries of
"Order!"] , / .
Mr BEATTY. If I cannot prove that these
men make $175,000 more out of this contract
than  „ , , , .
["The remainder of this sentence was not
heard amid cries of " order" and the rapping
of the Speaker's gavel]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Beatty] is out of order.
Mr BEATTY. I propose to make myseit
heard. 1 do not intend to be ruled out all the
^The SPEAKER. It was quite Impossible
for any one to hear the gentleman fromi Ohio,
except perhaps the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kelley,] to whom he appeared
especially to address himseli.
Mr. M A YN ARD. Is there no way in which
we can get rid of this question? Can it not
be laid on the table, or disposed of m some
other way? I protest against_taking up_ tins
measure at this time without its having been
investigated by any committee.
The SPEAKER. One third of the House
can " get rid of the question,' as it requires
two thirds to suspend the rales and adopt.the
motion. Does the gentleman want any other
mode of '' getting rid of the question ?
Mr MAYNARD. Would not a motion to
refer the bUl to the Committee on Printing be
m Thtfs PEAKE R. Not while a motion to
: ^r?STBV^80]lf ° Idemand the regular
• °rThe SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
i 42d CoNtt. 2d Sess.—No. 112.
[Mr. Kelley,] to suspend the rules and bring
before the House for consideration the bill
which has been read.
On the motion there were—ayes 92, noes 49.
Mr. KELLEY called for tellers:
Tellers were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appoints as
tellers the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr,-
Kelley, and the gentleman from Ohio, Mr.
Beatty, with the request that they will not
debate the bill, but simply return the count.
[Laughter.]
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 103, noes 43..
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 123, nays 53, not voting 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Averill,
Barnum, Beck, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Bird,
James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, George U. Brooks,
Buckley. Bufflnton, Burdett, Caldwell, Campbell,
Cobb, Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Cox,
Critcher, Crocker, Crossland, Davis, Dawes, Dickey,
Dox, Duke, Dunnell.Eames, Eldredge, Forker, Getz,
Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, Hancock, Handle?,
Hanks, Harmer, Harper, George B. Harris, John I.
Harris, Hawley, Hays, John W. Hazelton, Herndon,
Hoar, Dolman, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kendall,
Kerr, Lansing, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Manson, Mar-
shall, McClelland, MeHenry, Mclntyre, MeJunkm,
McKinney, McNeely, Mercur, Morgan,, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Niblack. Packer, Palmer, Isaac C.
Parker, Eli Perry, Peters, Poland, Potter Pnndle,
Randall, Head, John M. Kiee, Ritohie. William B.
Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Sargent, Seeley, bheldon,
Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker. Slater, Slocum,
Snapp, Snyder, K. Milton Speer, Thomas JvSpeer,
Stevens, Storm, Swarm, Syptaer, Terry, Tut,hill.
Twichel!, Van Trump, Waddell. Wakeman, W alden,
Waldron, Warren, Whiteley. Whitthorae, ^ liliams
of Indiana, Williams of New York, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—123.
HAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Barber,
Beatty,Austin Blair, Burchard, Benjaraiul .Butler,
Coburn, Cotton, Darrall, Donnan, Jarnsworth,
Finkelnburg. Charles Foster. Wilder D. Foster, Gar-
field, Hale, Havens, Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hib-
bard, KiLlinger, King, Maynard, McOormiok, Mo-
Grew, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Orr, Packard, Peck,
Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Edward Y. Rice,
Ellis H.Roberts, Sawyer, bcoheld, Sessions, Shanks,
John A. Smith, ^1'raaue, Stevenson,Stoughton. lur-
ner,Tyner, Upson. ells, Willard. Jereimah M.Wil
S°S(fTV0TlraG-^essrs. Banks, Barry, Bell, Bi^gs,
Boles, James Brooks, Roderick R. Butler, Carroll,
William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Crebs, Creely,
De Large, Du Bose, Duell, l&liott, Ely Harwell,
Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Goodrich, Halsey,
Hamblcton, Hereford, Hill Kellogg, Ketcham, Kin-
sella, Lamison, Lamport, Leaoh, McCrary, McKee,
Merriam Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers. Mitchell,
Morphis, Hosea W. Parker, Piatt, Porter Price.
Rainey, Roosevelt, Rusk, fehellabarger, Sloss,, H.
Boardman Smith, Worthington C. Smith Stark-
weather, Stowell, Strong, St. John, Sutherland,
;r it, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, WaKhin„lotj
xSwnseid, Vaughan, f oorhees, Wallace, Walls, and
Wheeler—64.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill was brought
before the House for consideration.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask that the bill be read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire that the Clerk read
a note from the publishers of the Globe, which
I send to the desk and to which I invite the
attention of the House.
Mr. BEATTY. Will the gentleman yield
to allow me to offer a substitute ?
Mr KELLEY. I desire to have that note
read.' I will yield to the gentleman by and by
for discussion, but not to offer a substitute.
The Clerk read as follows:
congeessional globs office,
Washington, D. C., March 18, low.
2b the House of Representatives ••
1871 "to'this time,-reported and printed thei*.^aA?g
i« i'«mpppdinKS of Congress in accordance with the
and Pr°°e®itjon submitted a year ago last
&°ry.a?tt?. mS«tofthe joint Committee on
day of this month, detinue aciion upvu above
was deferred for a voice passed
rSlff^Mnotui^SP-
SrMhWro^affSom the«h day of
March, 1871, upon thebasis of our proposition above
referred to, as modified by the Senate Committee on
Printing; oy the terms of which, as stated in tpo
debate in the Senate on the 1st instant by the chair-
man of the committee, (Hon. Mr. Anthony.) there
promises to be saved to the Government, as com-
pared with the cost of reporting and printing the
proceedings of the Forty-First Congress, the sum of
nearly thirty-three thousand dollars: , , .
Third, that owing to the delay to which this busi-
ness has been subjected, and for which we are in no
way responsible, wo have been compelled to do this
work for more than a year without receiving any
pay whatever therefor;
Fourth, that the debtcreatcd by the spring session
of 1871 amounts to upward of sixty thousand dollars,
and has been due us for more than ten months, and
that the amount due us for work done for the cur-
rent session is about one hundred thousand dollars,
which debt is growing at the rate of one thousand
to fifteen hundred dollars a day, varying with the
amount of work;
Fifth, that we have long been obliged to borrow,
at seven per cent, per annum, the money daily swal-
lowed up by the insatiate demands of labor and
Sixth, tfiat the interest upon the debt which the
Government owes us now costs us more than thirty
dollars a day, and has become an addition to our
expenses as burdensome as it was unexpected when,
nearly thirteen months ago, at the suggestion of the
Committee on Printing, and at the requebt oi influ-
ential members of both Houses, we reluctantly con-
sented to continue this work pending the formation
of a contract; and,
Finally, that as, under the peculiar discourage-
ments and embarrassments which have been placed
upon us during the past year, and which have here-
tofore been unknown to us, it is impossible for us to
continue longer to do this work acceptably to Con-
gress and creditably to ourselves, we most respect-
fully ask that the House speedily take such action
in the premises as it, in its wisdom, shall deem best.
We are, very respectfully. ^ . __
E. & J. RIVES k GEO. A. BAILEY.
Proprietors of the Ctlooe.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BEATTY. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania have read the contract which
this bill proposes to accept? I ask that con-
tract be read for the information of the House.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman from Ohio,
the chairman of the House Committee on Print-
ing, desires to express his opinions, I will yield
to him ten minutes now for that purpose.
Mr. BEATTY. I wish to have read the con-
tract which this bill proposes to accept, and I
wish to have it read for the information of this
H Mr^KELLEY. I will yield to the gentle-
man ten minutes to express his reasons for
opposingthis bill, and to express them calmly,
as he always does.
Mr. BEATTY. I desire that gentleman
now to have read at the Clerk's desk the con-
tract which that bill proposes to accept. It
ought to be read for the information of the
House. „ , ,
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, the case, as
I understand it, is simply this: the joint
Committee on Printing at the last Congress
invited terms for reporting the proceedings ol
the two Houses. Messrs. Rives & Bailey sub-
mitted a proposition which was satisfactory to
that committee, but the day had come to be
too late for making a contract. At the in-
stance, however, of that committee, and, as is
stated in the letter just read, on the suggestion
of prominent members of the present ana ttie
last Congress of both Houses, the proprietors
of the Globe gave us what otherwise we would
not have had, a report of the proceedings ot
the 4th of March a year ago and of the pro-
ceedings during that session. They have con-_
tinued to make reports of the debates upon
the basis of the former contract for reporting,
&c.. and upon the terms submitted to the
joint Committee on Printing. They have ex-
pended, as they tell us, more than one hun-
dred and sixty thousand dollars m this work
Sixty thousand dollars
months, and they are expending $1,000 m the
report of this very day's proceedings. They
must be wealthy men to make contracts for
cash at short intervals and run into, ured tsof
this kind and to continue such expenditures.
These gentlemen are not able to bear it, and
we ma? find ourselves having perpetrated an
act of gross injustice upon them without reports
of our proceedings.
