1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The VICE PRESIDENT,
moves to incorporate these
The Senator
words in the
Journal.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; and in that connec-
tion to show that those were the words which
■were held to be a discussion of the merits of
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cer-
tainly has no objection. The Senator from
Wisconsin moves to have incorporated into
the Journal the precise words that he used,
coupled with the statement that the Chair
ruled that he regarded those words as touching
the merits of the proposition.
Mr HOWE. The merits of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Have enough go in to
show that it relates to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
made the motion, and the Chair must submit
it to the Senate as he has himself stated it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not usual to put
on the Journal the statements of a Senator or
of the Chair further than the decision, I think.
I do not think the reasons that 'the Presiding
Officer gives for his decision are ever incor-
porated in the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is stated in
the Journal that this touched the merits; that
is all. The Senator from Wisconsin desires
his exact words to be incorporated in the Jour-
nal in order to vindicate himself, as he differed
with the Chair and a majority of the Senate
upon the question whether those words did
involve the merits of the proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I .have no objection,
certainly, but it seems to me to be introduc-
ing a bad practice to undertake to put on the
Journal the words used in debate. The words
are in the Globe correctly, I suppose.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that it
would be a bad practice to commence jour
nalizing a thing of that kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it would be a
very good practice to put those words into the
Journal, because they are the very jurisdic
tional words upon which the whole question
turns. All that there was before the Senate
and before the Chair was the precise question
as to whether those words used by the Sen
ator from Wisconsin were 111 order or out of
order. The Chair held they were out of order
and the. Senate sustained him. Now, then, in
order to have the Journal of any jalufi,at.all
in the future as showing what the orders of
the Senate have been, it is indispensable that
the Journal should contain the precise thing
upon which the judgment of the Senate was
expressed, and that was these identical words.
They therefore ought to go in by all means.
Mr. POMEROY. I only want enough of
the debate to go in to show that those words
were relative to the bill of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Journal now shows
that substantially.
Mr POMEROY. Enough ought to go m
to show that these words related to the char-
acter of that bill. „ „
Mr HOWE. If the Senator from Kansas
is under the impression that there is not
enough in the words already read by me, and
will indicate any otheis, I am quite willing
they should go in. I just want the Journal
to show what the question was. <
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Wisconsin is before the ben-
ate. Is the Senate ready for the question/
The motion is to amend the Journal by incor-
porating the words which the Senator from
Wisconsin has read from the Globe, on which
the Chair ruled, and upon which an appeal was
The proposed amendment to the Journal
was agreed to.
Mr COLE. I renew my request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks unanimous consent to
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 168.
call up the deficiency bill, subject to morning
business. Is there objection ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, Mr. President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be objection.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask unanimous consent
to be allowed to submit a few remarks this
morning, not exceeding fifteen minutes, in
answer to the speech of the Senator from Illi-
nois at the Cooper Institute some time since.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are
in order.
petitions and memorials:
Mr. WILSON presented thirty-five memo-
rials of officers of the Army of the United
States, asking the passage of a law to equalize
promotion in the several arms of the service;
which were referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN presented three
petitions of citizens of the United States,
praying that the patent of A. B. Wilson for
sewing-machines may not be extended ; which
were referred to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented a memorial of the Globe
Sewing-Machine Company, remonstrating
against the extension of the patent originally
granted to William H. Akins and Jacob D.
Felthousen ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
He also presented the memorial of the Whit-
ney Sewing-Machine Company, remonstrating
against the exteusion of the patent originally
granted to William H. Akins and Jacob D.
Felthousen; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. LOGAN presented a petition of citizens
of Chicago, praying the passage of the bill for
the relief of Jacob D. Felthousen and William
H. Akins; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents.
Mr. CALDWELL presented the petition of
John L. Pendery, praying compensation for
services rendered iu prosecuting various per-
sons and trespassers on Indian lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I present the
petition of a large number of former slaves,
who were enlisted and, served in the Army of
the United States, and who now pray Con-
gress to give to them equality in bounties. I
would say of this petition that it seems to be
signed by these ex-slaves with their marks,
but is authenticated by what is called the
"attest" of a gentleman who authenticates
all the signatures. I move that this petition
be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of
Anna Q. T. Parsons, daughter and heir, and
for the coheirs of Nehemiah Parsons, late
of Boston, Massachusetts, deceased, praying
indemnification for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRAGIN presented proposals of the
Western Iron Ship and Boat Building Com-
pany for the construction of vessels of war
and iron ships, steamers, and boats for com-
mercial purposes ; which were referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PENTON presented the petition and
papers in the case of Susan L. Brainerd, of
Albany, New York, relative to a claim grow-
ing out of services performed bv her father,
Elijah Bramerd, during the revolutionary war;
which were referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims. . ,
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a petition of
citizens of Nebraska, praying Congress to take
action in regard to the selection of lands by
the Burlington and Missouri River Railroad
Company in Nebraska, outside of and beyond
their twenty mile limit; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. _
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Fred-
erick R. Brown, of Franklin county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT presented two remonstrances
of citizens of Philadelphia, against an alter-
ation of the Constitution of the United States
so as to allow a person of foreign birth to be
made President of the United States ; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of
John L. Buck, praying compensation for prop-
erty used and destroyed during the war ; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ALCORN". Mr. President, the Legis-
lature of Mississippi has passed an act to amend
the charter of the University of Mississippi,
at Oxford, for the purpose of establishing there
a university for the education of females to be
styled the "Reneau Female University," the
name being given in honor of Miss Sallie Eolia
Reueau, a distinguished educator of that State.
I now present a memorial from that Legisla-
ture praying Congress for an appropriation of
public lands for the endowment of this female
college, and I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
joseph segar.
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask the Senate to take
up and consider the bill for the relief of
Joseph Segar, of Virginia, action upon which
was deferred in consequence of my absence
some two weeks since, when the Committee
on Claims had a day for the hearing of their
reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent at this time.
Mr. COLE. I do not wish to object; but I
moved to take up a matter of immense import-
ance and general interest, the deficiency
appropriation bill, which is nearly concluded,
and I hope no Senator will ask to take up any
bill to pay a mere private claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the' Senator from California to ob-
ject- ■ .„
Mr. COLE. I will not object if no other
Senator does.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
West Virginia to take up the bill for the relief
of Joseph Segar? The Chair hears no objec-
tion. .
Mr. BOREMAN. I propose to yield to
morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill then
will be reserved until the conclusion of the
morning business.
PAPJEKS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. THURMAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William
Eeritt be taken from the files of the: Senate and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Oil motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered, That James B. Armstrong hare leave to
withdraw his petition and papers irom the hies ot
tho Senate.
tiftVQliTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was refered the bill (II.
R. No. 1958) to authorize the city of Buffalo,
New York, to construct a tunnel under
Niagara river and to^rect and maintain an
inlet pier therefrom for the purpose of supply-
ing the city of Buffalo with pure water,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 943) pro;
viding for the transit of merchant vessels ot
heavy draft across the bar at the mouth of
