8570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May-17,
Mr. KERR. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Add to the free list the following:
Coffee substitutes other than ehiceory.
This is necessary to complete the law.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. EAMES. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Add to the free list the following:
Garancine, an extract of madder.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes
twenty, noes not counted.
Mr. COTTON. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Add to the free list the following:
Seeds of forest trees.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes sixty-
five, noes not counted.
Mr. WALLS. I move to strike from the
free list the following:
Fruits, perishable, not dried or preserved, and not
otherwise specified.
Mr. DAWES. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to add to the
free list " all dyes and dye-stuffs not produced
or manufactured in this country."
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes
fifteen, noes not counted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add to the free
list "leather of all kinds."
Mr. DAWES. That is on the free list
already.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the amendment
only by way of precaution.
Mr. DAWES. I was mistaken; leather is
fixed at ten cents. We reduced it from twenty-
five cents to ten cents.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is too high a duty
for leather.
The question was put on Mr. Holman's
amendment; and there were—ayes 37, noes
103.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to strike from the
free list " till crystals."
The question was put; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I move to add to the free
list "medicinal barks," and on that motion
I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
forty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BARNUM. I move to add to the free
list "fire wood,"
The question was put; and there were—ayes
00, noes 72.
Mr. BARNUM called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to add to the free
list "cotton-waste, whether for paper-stock or
other purposes."
The question was put, and the amendment
was disagreed to—ayes four, noes not counted.
Mr. McNEELY. I move to add to the free
list " all books used in schools, colleges, and
other institutions of learning in the course of
instruction of pupils and students."
The question was put; and there were—ayes
47, noes 75.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HEREFORD. I move to add to the
free list "all white hats and white coats."
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend that by
inserting before the word "hats" the word
"old." [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Hereford's
amendment; and being put, it was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to strike
off from the free list "tallow."
The question was put, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. COX. I move to add to the free list
" wheat."
The question was put, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I move to add to the free
list " Peruvian bark."
The question was put, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to add to the free
list "all fire-wood except pine."
The question was put, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. McNEELY. I move to add to the free
list " the holy Bible."
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. We want Ameri-
can Bibles, not British Bibles.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment ; and upon a division there were—ayes
65, noes 60.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. DAWES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Banks and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 64, noes 68.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 5. That for all purposes the standard for
vinegar shall be taken to be that strength which
requires thirty-five grains of bicarbonate of pot-
ash to neutralize one ounce troy of vinegar, and all
import duties that now are, or may hereafter be,
imposed by law on vinegar imported from foreign
countries shall be collected according to said stand-
ard.
Sec. 6. That all goods, wares, and merchandise
which may be in the public stores or bonded ware-
houses on the 1st day of January, 1873, shall be sub-
jected to no other duty upon the entry thereof for
consumption than if the same were imported respect-
ively alter that day.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend section
six by changing " January, 1873," to "July,
1872."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 7. That the eighth section of the act approved
June 30, 1864, chapter one hundred and seventy-one.
be, and the same is hereby, amended by adding,
after the word "ribbons," in the second clause
thereof, the words " wholly of silk, or commercially
known as such." And the proper officers are hereby
directed to cause all entries ot ribbons, other than
ribbons wholly of silk, or commercially known as
such, on which duties have been assessed attherate
fixed in said second clause of said eighth section, to
be reliquidated and adjusted at the rate specified in
the last clausc of said section: Provided, That no
reclamation upon the Treasury of the United States,
or action for the recovery of duties exactcd on rib-
! bons not "wholly of silk, or commercially known
| as such," under color of the provisions of said second
' clause of said eighth section, shall be maintained,
f except in cases where suits have been actually coin-
: mcnced and are now pending in the courts of the
United States where the provisions of the fourteenth
j section of said act have been complied with: And
provided further. That all ribbons manufactured
1 wholly of silk, hereafter imported, which shall be
I entered as silk and cotton ribbons, or by any other
| name than " ribbons wholly of silk," shall be for-
I fcited, unless it shall be made to appear to the satis-
! faction of the collector and naval officer of the dis-
trict where the entry shall be made, if there be a
naval officer, and if there be no naval officer, to the
satisfaction of the collector, or to the court in which
prosecution shall be had, that such designation was
made by mistake, and without intention to evade or
defraud the revenue.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to strike out sec-
tion seven of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous con-
sent that there may be some explanation made
of this section. It is alleged that it will take
$2,000,000 from the Treasury.
Mr. KELLEY. And for the benefit of a
few favored individuals not known to the
House.
Mr. CONGER. I object to debate.
The question was taken on the motion to
strike out, and there were twenty-three in
the affirmative.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. KELLEY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Keli.ey and
Mr. Cox were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the
tellers reported that there were—ayes 70,
noes 52.
So the motion to strike out, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 8. That from and after the passage of this
act all lumber, timber, hemp, manila, iron, and steel
not advanced beyond rods, bars, and bolts, copper
and composition metal which may be necessary for
the construction and equipment of wooden sailing
vessels built in the United States for the purpose of
being employed in tho foreign trade, including the
trade between the Atlantic and Pacific ports of the
United States, and finished after the passage of this
act, may be imported in bond, under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe;
and upon proof that such materials have been used
for the purpose aforesaid, no duties shall be paid
thereon: Provided, That vessels receiving the ben-
efit of this section shall not be allowed to engage in
the coastwise trade of the United States except
upon the payment to the United States of the duties
on which a rebate is herein allowed : And provided
further. That all articles of foreign production
needed for ship stores, or the repair of American
sail vessels engaged exclusively in foreign trade,
may be withdrawn from bonded warehouses free of
duty, under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the section
just read by striking from the first part of the
section the words " for the purpose of being
employed in the foreign trade, including the
trade between the Atlantic and Pacific ports of
the United States; " and also to Btrike out the
following proviso:
Provided, That vessels receiving the benefit of
this section shall not be allowed to engage in the
coastwise trade of the United States except upon
the payment to the United States of the duties on
which a rebate is herein allowed.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend the proviso
before the question is put upon striking it out
so as to make it read as I have drawn it up
here, and which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, Thatin order to secure to all American
vessels engaged in the foreign trade the advantages
which they now possess over foreign vessels by
reason of the right to change ports in the United
States with cargoes, and to extend to them every
privilege calculated to enable them more success-
fully to compete with foreign vessels in the carrying
trade, all vessels receiving the benefits of this sec-
tion shall be allowed to engage in the coastwise
trade three months in any one year, and no more,
except upon repayment of the duties on which a
rebate is herein allowed.
Mr. HALE. I hope my colleague [Mr.
Lynch] wiil not press that now.
Mr. LYNCH. Very well; I will withdraw it,
and move to make the proviso read as follows:
Provided. That vessels receiving the benefit of this
section shall not be allowed to engage in the coast-
wise trade of the United States more than three
months in anyone year except upon the payment to
the United States of the duties on which a rebate is
herein allowed.
Mr. HALE. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Lynch] to withdraw his amendment until the
question is taken on the one I have offered.
Mr. LYNCH. I prefer to have my amend-
ment first voted on.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr Lynch ; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 23, noes 40; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Lynch and
Mr. Hale were appointed._
The committeeagain divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes eighteen, noes
not counted.
So the amendment moved by Mr. Lynch was
not agreed to.
The question was then-taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Hale ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 50, noes 09 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hazeltox,
of Wisconsin, and Mr. Hale were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 61, noes 63.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend by inserting,
