882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
The question next recurred on tbe amend-
ment of Mr. Butlkk, of Tennessee, as follows:
In line six, section four, after the word " popula-
tion," add,"of the said States and Territories between
the ages of four and twenty-one years;" so it will
Sec. 4. That upon the receipt of the certificate of
the Secretary of the Treasury, as provided by sec-
tion throe of this act, the Commissioner of Educa-
tion, under the direotion of the Secretary of the
Interior, shall proceed to apportion to the several
States and Territories, and to tho Distriot of Colum-
bia, upon the basis of population of the said States
and Territories between the ages of four and twenty-
ono years, one half of the not proceeds of the public
lands for the previous year, together with the whole
amount of the income of the said educational fund
so certified, suoh apportionment to be according to
thelastpreeeding general census of theUnitedStates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Good-
rich's amendment, as follows:
Amend section four by adding thereto tho follow-
ing :
Provided, however, That for tho first ten yoars the
distribution of the said fund to and among tho sev-
eral States and Territories, including the District
of Columbia, shall be mado according to the ratio
of the illiteracy of thoir respective populations, as
shown, from time to time, by tho last preceding pub-
lished census of the United States."
The House divided; and there were—ayes
eighty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
• The question was taken; and it was decided
hi the affirmative—yeas 125, nays 82, not vot-
ing 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acltcr, Barnum, Barry, Book,
Bevcriilgo, Bigby, Bigg.=, Austin Blair, James G.
Blair, Braxton, Bright, .lames Brooks, Buckley,
Bnrdett, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Camnboll,
Carroll, Cobb. Coburn, Comingo, Connor, Crebs,
Critchor. Crosslnnd, DavR Donnan. Dox, Du Boso,
BuoU, Duke, Edwards, lily, Farnaworth, Farwoll,
Forkcr, Garrett, Gctz, Golladay. Goodrich, Griffith,
Haldeman, Hancock, Handloy, lfanlts, JohnT. Har-
ris, Uawloy, EaV) Hays, Gerry W. Hazleton. Here-
ford, Horodon, Hibbard, Kerr, King, Lamieon, Lam-
port, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall,
Miiynard, McClelland. McCormick, McIIenry, Mc-
Intyre, MeKee, McKraney, McJIeeiy, Merriam,
Meniok, Moore,Morey, Morgan, Monihis, Niblaek,
Packard. Hosea w. Parker, tsaao 0. Parker. Pcree,
Eii Perry, Piatt. Porter, Potter, Price, Prindle,
Rainey, Read, Edward Y. Rico, John M. ilioe,
Ritchie, EllisII.Roberts, William R. Roberts, Rob-
inson. Roosavolt.Shcldon, Sherwood, Shober, Slater,
Sloeum, Sloss, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas ,T. Speer, Ste-
vens, Storm, Stowell, Swann, Tall'o, Terry, Thomas,
DwiffhtTowneond. Turner. Tuthill. Vauglian, Wad-
dell, Wallace, Warren, Wells, White ley. Whit-
thorno. Winchester, Wood, and Young—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Arthur, Avorill, Banks,
Barber, Beatty. Bingham, Bird, George M. Brooks,
BufBntoii, Bnrohiird, Benjamin F. Butlor, William
T. Clarke, ireeaian Glnvko, Conger, Cotton, Cox,
Crosly, Dawes. Dickey, Dunnoll, ISames. Eldridge,
Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, WilderD.Foster, Frye,
Garfiold, Halo, Harmer, Gcorgo K. Harris, John W.
Hu«leton. Hill, iloftr, Holinun, Hooper,' iloueht.on,
Kolley, Kellogi'.Ketcham,Kiilinger, Lowe. McJan-
kin, Mercur, Monroe, Leonard Myers, Noeley, Orr,
Packer, Palmer, Peck. Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry,
Peters, Poland. Randall. Sawyer, Seeloy, Sessions,
Shanks, Shellabarger, John A. Smith, Worthington
0. Smith, Spraguo, Starkweather, Stonghton, Strong,
Sutherland, Washington Townsend, Twichell.Tynor,
Upson, Van Trump. Voorheos, Wakeman, Walden,
Waldron, Whoolor, Wiiinrd, Williams of Indiana,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John X. Wilson—82.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Bell, Coghlau, D.irrall, Do Large, Elliott, Henry D.
Foster, llalsey, Hainblcton, Harper, Havens, Ken-
dall, Kinsollii, Lynch. McCrary, Meflrew, Benjamin
l1.Meyers, Mitchell, Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Scofield,
Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, R. Milton Speer,
Stevenson, St. John, Syplior, Walls, and Williams
of New York—32.
So tho amendment was adopted.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH moved to reconsider
the vote by which Mr. Goodrich's amendment
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to t ecORftider be laid on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I liopo that will not be
done.
The House divided: and there were—ayes
114, uoes 76.
Mr.-BINGHAM. I demand the yeas and
nays, because the object is to defeat the bill.
Mr. LYNCH called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays,
' Ob the question of ordering tellers, there
were—ayes twenty-seven, more than one fifth
of a quorum. - •
So tellers were ordered; and Mr. Fakns-
worth and Mr. Lynch were appointed.
The question was again put on ordering the
yeas ana nays; and the tellers reported—ayes
thirty-four, a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 88, not
voting 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Barnum,
Barry, Beck, Bell, Beveridge, Bigb& Biggs, Bird,
James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks,
Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll,
Comingo, Conner, Crebs. Criteber, Crossland, Davis,
Donnan, Dox, DaBose, Duell, Duke, Edwards, Ely,
Farnsworth, Farwell, Forkcr, Garrott, Geta, Golla-
day,Goodrich, Griffith, Ilaldeman, Hancock, Hand-
ley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Hawley, Hay,
Hays, Hereford. Herndon, Hibbard, Kerr. King,
Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall, May-
nard, McClelland, McCormiok, MoHenry, Mclotyre,
McKinncy, McNeely, Merriam. Merrick, Morey,
Morgan. Niblaek. Paekard, Hose a, W. Parker,
Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Price, Prindle, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie. Ellis H.
Roberts; William R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt,
Sheldon. Sherwood, Shober, Slater. Sloss, Thomas
J. Speer, Storm, Swann, Taffo, Terry, Thomas,
Dwight Townsend, Turner. Tuthill. Vaughan, Voor-
hees, Waddell. Wallaco, Warren, Wells, Whiteley,
Whitthorne, Winchester, Wood, and Young—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Beatty, Bingham, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin
F, Butler, Cobb, Conger, Cotton, Creely, Dawes,
Dickey, Dunnell, Eamos, Eldridge. Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Hale, Halsey, Hornier, George E. Harris, Gerry AY.
Hazleton. John W. Hazleton, Hill, Hoar, Holman,
Hooper, ICelley, Kellogg,Ketcham, Kiilinger, Lans-
ing, Lowe. Lynch, McGrew, McJunkin, Mercur,
Monroe, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr,
Packer, Palmer. Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Perce, Petors, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Rainey, Ran-
dall, Seeloy. Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, John
A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, Sutherland,
Washington Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Van Trump, Wakenmn, Walden, Waldron, Walls,
Wheeler. Willnrd, and Williams of Indiana,—88.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, William
T. Clarke. Freeman Clarke, Coburn. Coghlan, Cox,
Darra.ll, Do Larpro, Elliott, Ilenry D. Fostor, Ilam-
bloton, Havens, Houghton, Kendall,Kinsella, Lam-
port. McCrary, MeKee, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitch-
ell, Mooro, Potter, Rogers, Rusk, Saigent, Sawyer,
Scoliold. Shoemaker. Sloeum, II. Boardman Smith,
Snapp, feuyder. R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Steven-
son, St. John, Syphcr, Williams of Now York, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—11.
So the motion to reconsiderthe vote by which
the House agreed 10 the amendment offered by
Mr. Goodrich was laid on the table.
The SPKAKER. Tho question is next on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kansas, [Mr. Lowu:]
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to section four:
Provided, That whore any State under tho laws
thoreof takes a roguiarconsus of its population at a
period intermediate tho regular periods for taking
the United States census, the apportionment to
such State, after such census is taken, shall be in
proportion to its population so ascertained until
tho next succccding consus under tho laws of tho
United States.
Theamendmentwasdisagreedto—ayes three,
noes not counted.
The SPEAKER. The question is next on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
West Virginia, [Mr. Hkkbford.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend section eightby inserting at tho end thereof
tbo following:
Provided, That no moneys belonging to any State
or Territory under this act shall be withheld from
any State or Territory for the reason that the laws
thereof provide for separate schools for white chil-
dren and black children, or rofuso to organize a
system of mixed schools.
The question being put on agreeing to the
amendment, there were—aves 82, noes 80.
Mr. HOAIi. i call for the yeas and nays.
Tlio yeas and nays were ordered.
Tbe question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 81, not
voting 43 : as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Beck,
Biggs, Bird, James <1. Blair, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks, Burcliard, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell.
Campbell, Ooburo. Coghlan. Comingo, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Critoher, Crossland. Davis. Dox, DaBose,
Duke, Edwards, Eldridge, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell,
Porker, Henry D. Foster, Garrott, Getz, Golladay,
Grifiith, Haldeman, Halo, Halsey, Haneock, Hund-
ley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Hawley, Hay,
Hays, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr,
Kiilinger, Kins, Lamison, Leach, Lewis. Manson,
Marshall. McClelland. McCormiek, McGrew, Me-
Henry, Mclntyre, MeKinney, McNeely, Merrick,
Moore, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Niblaek, Orr,
Paekard, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker,
Eli Perry, Potter, Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y.
Rica,-John M. Rice. Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Robinson, Roosevelt, Shanks, Sherwood, Shober,
Slater. Sloss, Thomas J. Speer, Stevens, Storm,
Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Ifwight Townsend, Tut-
hill, Tyner, Van Trump. Vau?han, Voorhees, Wad-
dell, Warren, Wells, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Wil-
liams of Indiana, Jeromiah M. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Beveridgo, Bingham, Austin Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cobb, Conger, Cotton. Creely,
Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Dnell, Dunnell,
Eames, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Fos-
ter, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Harmer, Gerry W.
Hazleton, John W. Hazleton, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley,
Kellogg, Lamport, Lansing, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Junkin, MeKee, Mercur, Merriam,Monroe, Negley,
Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry,
Piatt, Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts,
Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shellabarger, John A.
Smith, Worthington O. Smith, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong,
Thomast Washington Townsend, Turner. Twichell,
Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Wallace. Walls, Wheeler,
and Willard—81.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Archer, Barnum,
Bell, Bigby, Carroll, William T. Clarke, Freeman
Clarke, De Large, Elliott, Hambleton, George E.
Harris, Havens, Hill, Houghton, Kendall. Ketcham,
Kinsella, Lowe, McCrary. Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Morey, Morphis, Peters, Poland, Rogers,
Rusk, Sargent, ScofielU, Sheldon, Shoemaker, Slo-
eum, H. Boardman Smith, Snapp, Snyder, R. Milton
Speer, St. John, Sypher, Taffe, Waldron, Williams
of New York, and John T. Wilson—43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HEREFORD moved to reconsider the
vote by which t^ie amendment was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next question is upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Perce,] which will now be
read..
The Clerk read as follows:
Add at the end of section eleven the following:
And provided further, Thai this act shall in no
wise affect any existing law for the disposition of
tho public lands, or the proceeds thereof, or any
portion of such lands or proceeds, either by way
of homestead reservation or grant to the States or
otherwise, or be construed as preventing any dis-
position thereof which Congress may hereafter see
fit to make.
Mr. PERCE. I withdrew that amendment
yesterday in favor of the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Polaxd,] and
the Chair so announced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Haw-
■ltcy] withdrew an amendment, but if the gen-
tleman states that that was his understanding
the Chair is always happy to carry out what
members state to be their understanding.
Mr. PERCE. That was my understand-
ing. My amendment is covered entirely 'by
that of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
PotiSD.]
The SPEAKER. Then the amendment is
withdrawn, and the Clerk will read the next
amendment.
Mr. CREBS. , Has the amendment of (he
gentleman from Mississippi been voted on?
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mis-
sissippi states that he withdrew the amend-
ment yesterday, although the Chair did not so
understand. The Chair, of course, is in the
habit of carrying out -#hat members on their
responsibility state was their understanding.
Mr. CREBS. I should certainly have ob-
jected to the withdrawal of the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understood the gentle-
man from Mississippi to say distinctly that the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] covered everything in
his amendment, and that he withdrew his.
The SPEAKER. The next question is on
the amendment offered bythe gsnt.letnan from
Nebraska, [Mr. Taffio,] which the Clerk will
iiow read. . .
