1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2675
land, three hundred and twenty of which were
improved and under cultivation, and contin-
ued in the occupation of the whole farm from
that time until January, 1867, nearly six
years, with the exception that for a time the
troops were in the occupation of his house
also. The whole of his farm was occupied;
ditches were cut; railroads were laid across it
in different directions; houses were erected,
shanties, and so on. It was very much cut up
and destroyed and injured, so that it would
require an immense amount of money to re-
store it to its original condition. But for the
damage done nothing is allowed by the com-
mittee. The committee heretofore agreed to
allow him $25,000 and upward ; but the com-
mittee of which I have the honor to be a mem-
ber, the Committee on Claims at this session,
have reduced hira to $15,000. In the fall of
1865 there was a military board appointed for
the purpose of ascertaining the real value of
the farm and the amount due for its occupa-
tion. They,allowed him a certain sum per
month. The report of this committee is con-
siderably less than that of the military board.
We have reduced it between three and four
thousand dollars.
I remarked awhile ago that the military
continued in possession of his whole farm to
January, 1867; but it is due to the correct
statement of the case to say that from the
President's proclamation of the 2d of April,
1866, until January, 1867, Mr. Segar received
pay for the rent of his farm, less than one
year. The quartermaster's department be
fore that time held that they had no right to
pay him because it was in insurrectionary ter-
ritory.
The Committee on Claims have thoroughly
considered this matter, and they are satisfied
of the merit of the claim. 1 believe now the
committee would allow Mr. Segar the whole
amount, which would be between eighteen and
nineteen thousand dollars, if they had a recon-
sideration of the matter. They reduced the
allowance of the board to $15,000.
I will state also in justice to Mr. Segar that
I have known him for many years. I was
well acquainted with> him for several years
before the war; for some six or eight years
before the war he and myself were members
together in the Virginia Legislature, and we
were there at the beginning of the rebellion
together. He was not only a Ioy&L.man, b.ut.
he was positively and demonstratively a loyal
man.
Mr. CAMERON'. If the Senator is speak-
ing to me, I trust he will not give himself any
more trouble on that subject. He has con-
vinced me.
Mr. BOREMAN. I am glad of it.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire how
much Mr. Segar has received on account of
this matter from the quartermaster's depart-
mentorfrom any source under the Govern-
ment.
Mr. BOREMAN. He has not received one
cent for the time we have allowed him.
Mr. COLE. That is not the question. On
this account, I say; not on account of this par-
ticular bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Between
two and three thousand dollars in all, I will
answer the Senator.
Mr. BOREMAN. I will state precisely—1
stated a few moments since—that from the 2d
day of April, 1860, the date of the proclama
tion of President Johnson declaring the war
ended, to the 1st of January, 1867, some
seven or eight months, Mr. Segar received
pay. For no other time has lie received one
cent, and for nothing else has he received «,
C6The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr COLE. i move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the deficiency bill,
Mr. THURMAN. That will not displace
the order of the day, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not at
one o'clock. The Senator from California
has sought the floor several times to-day7 to
advance this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I Lave no objection to
its proceeding until one o'clock.
Mr. HOWE. I want to ask the Senator if
he will not give us five minutes for the trans-
action of other business.
Mr. COLE. I thought we were through with
the morning business. If there is any more
important business than the appropriation bill
now pending, I will give way to it readily,
without hesitation.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator says he will
not give way, [ will
Mr. COLE. I do not know what business
it is that is so pressing, unless it be the Segar
claim or something of that sort.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1654) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and for former years, and
for other purposes, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Ver-
mont, to insert as an additional section the
following:
Sec. —. Thntthejurisdiction of the Court of Claims
shall not extend to or include any claim for any
abandoned or captured property received or col-
lected either by the civil or military authorities of
the United States, under the act approved March 12,
1863, entitled "An act to provide for the collection
of abandoned property, and for the prevention of
frauds in insurrectionary districts within the United
States," nor under any act amendatory thereof or in
relation thereto; but the said court shall have juris-
diction only in cases duly commenced in said court
within two years after the suppression of the rebel-
lion, when it shall be established as a tact, by proof
satisfactory to said court, that the owner of such
property has never, in fact, given any aid or comfort
to said rebellion ; and no judgment of said court, in
any case, under said acts shall be paid, unless such
finding shall bo stated as a proven fact in the judg-
ment of said court.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the remarks
I submitted yesterday upon this proposed
annelid-meat to the- deficiency bill were made
on the spur of the moment without that prep-
aration and deliberation that it seems to me
the question so highly deserves. My chief
impulse in objecting to the passage of legis-
lation in this direction was that it seemed to
me to affect the action of a coordinate branch
ot our Government, the judicial branch, the
feeblest of the three great departments of the
Government, the most defenseless of the three,
and yet of the three as essential as either or
both of the other coordinate branches for the
safety of the country.
Surely, sir, there should be finality in ques-
tions of construction of our laws. Where can
we look for that authoritative voice which shall
regulate the control and construction of our
laws if not to the judicial branch? My objec-
tion to this measure is chiefly that it is an inva-
sion ofthejudicial prerogative upon this subject
of that department of the Government compe-
tent to speak, and whose voice when uttered in a
regular and orderly way should receive atten-
tion, receive respect, and be treated with obedi-
ence by all of the coordinate branches as well
as by the citizens of the country. This depart-
ment has spoken, and in unmistakable tones.
If I understand the purpose and meaning of
the decision of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States which I referred to and quoted from
yesterday, it is that the presidential preroga-
tive of pardon shall not directly or indirectly
be invaded by the legislative branch of the
Government.
I admit, sir, that Congress may say what class
of men are competent to sue in. the courts of
the United States; they may prescribe the
methods of contesting suits; they may pre-
scribe conditions for parties appearing in those
courts; they may prescribe the age of parties;
they may prescribe the limitation of actions;
they may prescribe the class of cases whieh
may come before them; but Congress can-
not do that indirectly which they cannot do
directly; and if they cannot directly impose a
condition and restriction upon the executive
pow-er to pardon which is not contained in the
Constitution of the United States, then I deny
their power indirectly to accomplish the same
result.
A pardoned man stands before the courts
of this country and he stands before the Legis-
lature of this country, holding the executive
pardon in his band, as though he never was
guilty, and no consequence of his guilt, direct
or indirect, can be imposed upon him as a
disqualification in any case. I cannot admit,
I do not believe the Supreme Court of the
United States will ever decide that Congress
shall exclude men from the Court of Claims
because they are the holders of executive
pardons or because they have committed acts
which by the executive pardon are entirely
condoned. The forgiveness is complete, and
in the eye of the law, in the eye of the Consti-
tution, the man who has been pardoned of the
offense is the same in all respects as if he had
never committed it.
I think it of great importance to the people
of this country that obedience to the laws,
obedience to those tribunals whose voices
announce to us the true construction of the
law, should be ready and hearty. It is to my
mind an ill example for Congress, as a coor-
dinate branch, to set to the people of this
country either that they can by reiterated
legislation embarrass the suitor, or that they
can frame their legislation in some way, by
quibbles or piecemeal, to affect the true spirit
and intent of judicial decisions.
What is the meaning of the maxim that it
is for the interest of the commonwealth that
litigation should cease? Why_is it that the
great maxim of standing by decisions has been
accepted in all countries as the wisest rule 1
It is that there should be something settled and
admitted, and when once decided, it should
be submitted to. Yet here we have, not for
the first time, I am sorry to say, legislation,
or proposed legislation, following upon the
heels of deliberate judicial decisions, for the
purpose of destroying the effects of those
decisions. There never can be prosperity
until there is stability, and there never will be
stability until the decisions of the courts,
deliberately made, shall be obeyed; and
whether that disobedience is prompted by the
efforts of Congress to emancipate^ themselves
from the constitutional control given to this
coordinate branch of the Government, or
whether it comes from any still more revolu-
tionary act of appeal to "the higher law,]' or
the like, I shall still always feel myself im-
pelled to insist upon obedience to the judicial
decisions of the country.
Surely, Mr. President, if the original Drake
amendment to an appropriation bill had passed
through the usual and orderly process of com-
mitment, examination, and report, it may well
be doubted whether it ever would have been
the law of the country ; and upon a question
of this kind, embracing so much of interest,
embracing so much of importance even merely
as to amounts—and that I treat as the most in-
significant portion of this whole discussion
embracing so much of importance as a rule
affecting the relations of the great departments
of this Government to each other, would it
not be wiser and more decorous if this amend-
ment were submitted to the criticisms of the
Committee on the Judiciary of this body? If
they shall conceive that under the present
frame of our laws touching the Court of Claims
the Treasury is not sufficiently protected,
amendments may be offered in order to pro-
