1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3571
after the words " United States," in line four-
teen, the words more than two months in
any one year j" so as to make the proviso read
as follows:
Provided, That vessels receiving the benefit of
this section shall not be allowed to engage in the
coastwise trade of the United States more than two
months m any oneyenr except upon the payment to
the United States of the duties on which a rebate is
herein allowed,
; Mr. HOLMAN movedto amend the amend-
ment by inserting at the end of the proviso the
following:
Provided further. That the provisions of this sec-
tion shall apply to the materials above enumerated
which shall be used in the construction and equip-
ment of steamboats engaged in navigating navigable
waters of the United States.
The amendment of Mr. Holman was agreed
to ; there being—ayes, sixty-three, noes not
counted.
Mr. COX. I move further to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] by adding the following:
Provided further, That from and after the 1st day
of July next the act entitled 4<An act concerning
the registering and recording of ships and vessels,"
approved December 31.1792, and all acts and parts
ot acts supplementary thereto, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed, so far as to admit to registry
loreign-built vessels of wood or iron, the property
of a citizen or citizens of the United States, if the
same be purchased in good faith by such citizen or
citizens.
Mr. LYNCH. I raise the point of order
that the amendment is not germane. It pro-
poses simply a repeal of the navigation law,
and has no reference to the tariff.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] is not ger-
mane to the pending amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I move as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] to insert before the first
proviso the following :
And an allowance shall be made upon all articles
produced in the United States actually used in the
building ot such ships after the passage of this act,
equal to the duties imposed by law upon like foreign
articles imported into this country; and shall be paid
from any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
The amendment of Mr. Kellky was not
agreed to; there being—ayes twenty-five, noes,
not counted.
The question then recurring on the amend-
ment ot Mr. Lynch, as amended, it was agreed
to.
Mr. COX. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Add the following:
And provided jurther, That from and after the
1st of July next the act entitled " An act concern-
ing the registering and recording of ships and ves-
sels, approved December 31, 1792," and all acts and
parts of acts supplementary thereto, be, and the
same are hereby, repealed so far as to admit to regis-
ter foreign-built vessels of wood or iron, the prop-
erty of a citizen or citizens of the United States, if
the same be purchased in good faith by such citizen
or citizens.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order on
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COX. That is intended 
Mr. LYNCH. I object to debate.
Mr. COX. I should like to be heard on the
question of order.
Mr. COBURN. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Add to the section:
Provided further, That iron ocean steamers may
be imported free of duty, for the purpose of foreign
trade only, and thereafter they shall be entitled to
the same registry as vessels constructed iu the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. HALE. It is not in order to this bill,
as it provides for a repeal of the registry law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
Distilled spirits:
Sec.9. That the act entitled "An act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," approved July 20,1868, be, and the same
is hereby, amended as follows:
°9? be amended by striking out the
word fifty, and inserting in lieu thereof the words
i Tei „ Pr°mde\1* nevertheless, That distilled
spirits lawfully deposited in a distillery bonded
^Mjphouse when this act shall take effect may be
withdrawn therefrom on payment of the taxes
thereon at the rate within the time and in the man-
time of such deposit: Pro-
vided further^ That the special tax paid by distillers
prior to the taking effect of this act, which has not
v?en phausted by the exemptions allowed by law,
shall be refunded upon properapplieation out ofany
moneys arising from internal taxes not otherwise
appropriated. And that said section be further
amended by striking out the words " in excess of tho
number ot gallons," and inserting, in lieu thereof,
the words • amounting to one half gallon or over,"
and add after the words " as a gallon " the words
and any fractional part of a gallon loss than one
halt gallon in any cask or package shall be exempt
from tax."
Mr. DUELL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. BECK. I ask the chairman of the
committee whether he will not move that the
committee rise, so as to allow some explanation
of this bill, now that we have got to the internal
revenue part of it?
Mr. DAWES. If it were not for laclc of
time I think that would be desirable.
Mr. BECK. Let us have half an hour to
explain some of these matters.
Mr. DAWES. Is thereanything in this part
of the bill he desires to explain ?
Mr. BECK. No; unless an amendmentbe
made to consolidate all these things.
Mr. DAWES. Then let us wait until that
is done.
Mr. DUELL. I move on page 15, line
seven, to strike out " sixty-five" and insert the
following:
Soventy; and this sum shall be in lieu of all
taxes upon sales of distilled spirits by distillers.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. And I offer
the following amendment to that amendment:
Strike out the ninth section and insert as fol-
lows :
That all laws or parts of laws authorizing the
collection of internal taxes bo. and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think we ought to
pass any such amendment as that, raising the
tax from sixty-five to seventy.
Mr. BECK. It was in view of just such
amendments as have been offered that I asked
that we might be allowed to explain these pro-
visions of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. In order that there may be
some explanation of the bill, I move that the
committee rise for the purpose of allowing a
short time for debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no I
Mr. DAWES. If I could be assured the
House would vote down all amendments I
would withdraw themotion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have nodoubt
we will.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes one hundred and two, noes not counted.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
fieu) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, having had
under consideration the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to re-
duce duties on imports, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, had come to no
resolution thereon.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the special
order: and pending that motion, 1 move that
debate on the tax and tariff bill be extended
one hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise the point
of order that the latter motion cannot be
entertained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
it competent for the House to agree to such a
motion. Under a suspension of the rules the
House directed that all debate on this bill
should cease oa Thursday at three o* clock
p. ra.
*fr' I withdraw the latter motion.
Mr. JiU lLIiR, of Massachusetts. Irise toa
parliamentary inquiry. To-morrow is assigned
for business of the Committee of Claims. Will
it be competent on Monday to move to sus-
pend the rules so as to extend the time for j
debate?
The SPEAKER. It will, of course, be com-
petent for the House, under a suspension of
the rules, to undo what it did uuder a sus-
pension of the rules on Monday last.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move that the House take a recess until half
past seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that the
House adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
enrolled bills signed,
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found duly en-
rolled bills of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 546) for the relief of
Charles F. Tracy;
An act (II. R. No. 752) to appropriate to
Henry Clay Williams a sum of money found
due him on the adjustment-of his accounts ;
An act (H. R. No. 1072) to fix the times
for holding United States courts in the eighth
circuit;
_ An act (H. R. No. 1182) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Minne-
sota ;
An act (H. R. No. 1G54) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and for
former years, and for other purposes ;
An act (11. R. No. 1700) to authorize the
Chicago and Northwestern Railway Company
to change their projected line of railway iu the
State of Michigan;
An act. (II. R. No. 1958) to authorize the
city of Buffalo, New York, to construct a
tunnel under the Niagara river, and to erect
and maintain an inlet pier therefrom, for the
purpose of supplying the city of Buffalo with
pure water;
An act (H. R. No. 2003) to grant an Amer-
ican register to the Hawaiian bark Florence ;
An act (II. R. No. 2137) to confirm the
action of the board of aldermen and common
council of the city of Washington, designating
a depot site for the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company, and for other purposes ;
An act (II. R. No. 21<J5) relating to certain
lands in the State of Alabama;
An act (H. R. No. 2290) regulating the mode
of making private contracts with Indians ;
An act (II. R. No. 2341) to allow the pleas-
ure-yacht Red Hot to take the name of Addie
Parker, and be registered under that name;
An act (H. R. No. 2031) to withdraw from
settlement and sale a certain section of land
in Wyoming Territory; and
An act (H. R. No. 2G85) to establish an
additional land district in the Territory of
Dakota.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent,
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, obtained
leave of absence until Tuesday next.
Mr. BOLES obtained leave of absence until
the 3d of June.
Mr. HAMBLETON obtained leave of ab-
sence until Tuesday.
jane davidson*.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House the petition and accompany-
ingpapersiti the case of Jane Davidson, widow
of John Davidson, late lieutenant of the Uni-
ted States revenue marine service.
