1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
accordance with the terms ©f the coutraet of
1809, under which the debates for the Forty-
First Congress were published, and had it
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
They called, as they state, upon the honorable
chairman of that committee and informed him
that the bill was unjust and would not be
accepted. The Committee on Appropriations
might have amended the bill, or it might have
been amended in the Committee of the Whole.
Neither were bound to pass the bill just as it
came to them, unless they regarded its provis-
ions just and fair.
But the truth is, these publishers were de-
termined to take advantage of the fact that
the Government had no contract, and had
paid no money, to exact additional compen-
sation. It gave them a hold upon the sym-
pathy of members, which they were unwilling
to relinquish until they had secured just such
a contract as they desired. And it is this same
advantage that they propose to retain by the
passage of the Senate bill. I entered into the
investigation of this subject of publishing the
debates, prejudiced in favor of Rives & Bailey.
I thought it would be well for the country to
discontinue the Globe, that we would save
time and money by so doing, but I believed if
the Globe was to be continued the present
publishers were the best rden to continue it.
And in my calculation of the profits which the
business afforded I provided for every pos-
sible contingency, the most expensive labor,
and the best material. I endeavored to study
all the disadvantages of the business, and
inform myself with reference to everything
belonging to it that was peculiar and excep-
tional, and when I reached a conclusion, for
fear I might by possibility do them injustice, I
made a liberal allowance for things not thought
of, and even then found their profits under
the contract of 1869, were far more than in
my judgment they should be, far more, cer-
tainly, than the same capital invested in any
other business in the country was paying.
But I was still distrustful of my own figures,
-and prompted by a desire to do my duty as a
member of a .committee of this House, and
to deal with perfect fairness by these publish-
ers, I ventured into the Globe office and asked
for certam data upon which their estimates of
the cost for the work of the present Congress
was based. Perhaps I had no right to make
the inquiry, but I made it, and they declined
to give me the information. They did not dare
do it. They knew that my previous estimates
had been entirely in their favor, and they did
not propose to assist me to get any nearer the
truth.
Now, I desire to say that if I cannot satisfy
any member of this House who will take the
time and the trouble to sit down and go
through the calculations with me,-that these
publishers made not less than $150,000 profit
on their business of the Forty-First Congress,
and that they will make not less than §175,000
on their work of the present Congress, if the
Senate bill passes, I will agree to resign my
seat and go home.
In their statement in the Globe of Saturday,
and in the slips which have been placed on our
desks, Rives & Bailey, by an adroit arrange-
ment of figures, and a careful use of words,
seek to lead us to an inference which is utterly
false.
In a letter dated February 2, 1872, they say
that after a careful estimate they find that by
the omission of needless indexes the cost
would, under their proposition, be $18,000
less for this Congress than for the last; but
since then, upon the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Georgia, my colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Pincn,] it has been and is now
proposed to abandon the history of bills and
resolutions as another useless feature of the
Globe, whereby we should make a saving or
$15,000. By these omissions, Rives & Bailey
now estimate that the cost for this Congress
will be $33,000 less than for the last, and they
therefore endeavor to convey the- impression
that this reduction is the result simply of
the better terms for which they now propose
to do the work. Let us look at this. We pro-
pose to omit the.duplicated indexes, which for
the last Congress cost $60,000, and the history
of bills, which cost §15,000, and thus make a
total reduction in quantity of work amounting
to $75,000, and for this they propose to allow
a reduction of only $33,000 in price; that is
to say. they retain the profit, amounting to
$42,000, that they would make on the omitted
work, if they were to do it, and still would have
us believe that the rates proposed are not
higher than the Government paid under the old
contract. To bring this down to a very fine point
by way of illustration, suppose a contractor were
to say that he would build two houses for you
this year for the same sum that he had built
three for last year, and claim that his last offer
was just as good as the first., because, forsooth,
the aggregate expenditure would be the same
for both years. You would very properly con-
clude that he was either a fool or that he re-
garded you as one. This is precisely the sort of
argument advanced by Rives & Bailey. They
propose to print nine volumes instead of
eleven, and tell you that because they do not
propose to charge you quite as much for the
nine as they did for the eleven that, therefore
these rates cannot be exorbitant.
I have no confidence in Rives & Bailey's
estimates; the contract will govern and not
the estimate. Their estimate for the Forty-
First Congress, including binding at seventy-
eight and ahalt'cents per volume, was $389,000,
and yet the printing alone under the contract
amounted to $472,000, and the printing and
binding at the prices they proposed to charge
for the binding would have amounted to
$000,000.
A word now as to the matter of indexes to
which the publishers refer in their article ot
the 16lh instant. They claim a bonus for
giving up the duplicated indexes. They say,
" For the index thus limited we fixed a price
that would in part (only in part) make up for
the relinquishment of the right of redupli-
cation and the profits derivable therefrom."
Now, sir, this "right of reduplication" is
a good thing. There are certain rights under
the Constitution that in theory, if not in fact,
are enjoyed by all citizens. There are cer-
tain inalienable rights which belong to all
mankind; but the '• right, of reduplication " is
the peculiar and special property ot Rives &
Bailey, for the relinquishment of which they
demand a consideration.
This " right of reduplication" took out of
the public Treasury during the Forty-First
Congress, for needless, superfluous, useless
indexes, $59,502 44. This amount was not
the total cost of the indexes for that Congress,
but simply the sum paid for their " right of
reduplication." This " rightof reduplication "
gave us three thousand and forty-two pages
of index in each copy of the Globe, making in
the aggregate thirty-eight million pages for one
Congress. This right of reduplication they
have" enjoyed for eighteen years. It has cost
the Government $500,000. Where did they get
this " right ?" They stole it, they usurped it,
and held to it with the grip of a vise, because
it was a fat job. ,,
Occasionally, indeed, some member would
question their right to put forty or fifty thou-
sand dollars a Congress in their pockets lor
what was utterly worthless, but his voice
would be drowned in the shout of admiration
which would go up for these Globe men, who
printed our speeches so well and corrected
them so often, and bore with our infirmities
so kindly. And so for nine entire Congresses
the right of reduplication was recognized as
sacred, and the Globe men have come to re-
gard the "profits derivable therefrom as
inalienable. , .
But, it may be asked, was there nothing m
the contracts to authorize the reduplication ot
indexes? Thecontracts specified that an "am-
ple" index should be supplied. "Ample" was
construed to confer the '' right of reduplica-
tion." It meant, according to the interpreta-
tion of these publishers, the right to put three
hundred and sixty pages of identically the same
matter in each one of the six volumes, and the
greater part of it in the whole eleven volumes
which embrace the proceedings of the Forty-
First Congress. Never was the word "ample ''
so amplified before. And yet this was the
foundation of their right of reduplication, for
the surrender of which they now ask us to pay
ihem $42,000 a Congress. They consent to
be relieved of the labor and expense of fur-
nishing these duplicated indexes, but demand
the profit which the work would afford them
if they were to do it-
I trust, Mr. Speaker, this bill will not pass.
If it does, it will be the end of all legislation
on this subject during the present Congress,
and the next Congress will be in precisely the
same situation that we are now. The same
apparent necessity will then exist for contin-
uing the work in the hands of the present
publishers, upon whatever terms they may see
fit to demand. This partial legislation in the
face of what seemed to be an emergency has
characterized all our action with respect to
this subject for years, and placed us at the
mercy of the old contractors, by preventing
the passage of a general bill to provide for
the economical execution of this work. I
trust, therefore, that now, while the attention
of Congress is drawn to this subject, and
while the whole matter is in our own hands,
some reform will be made in regard to the
publication of the debates, which will lead to
a very considerable reduction of expense, and
a more satisfactory distribution of the matter
published.
We are publishing now twelve thousand
three hundred and ninety-one copies of the
Globe, nearly one hundred and fifty thousand
large volumes, at an expense for reporting,
publishing, binding, and mailing of $000,000
a Congress. We are scattering the most of
these volumes over the country m broken sets,
virtually throwing them away, while some of
them, perhaps many copies, are begged from
us by parties about this capital, ana thus get
into the book-store or the waste-basket. Our
constituents do not regard them as valuable,
and we do not. Any enterprising doorkeeper
or page, or member of Congress, if he desires
to do so, can get twenty-five or fifty copies in
an afternoon by simply asking for them. There
are men about this city who make a living
by getting Globes and other congressional
documents and selling them at one half
or one tenth of whatthey cost the Government.
These parties would not be able to obtain
them so easily and sell them so cheaply if we
realized and believed they are worth what
they cost. If they were twenty-dollar bank
notes we would not part with thetn so read-
ily, and yet each copy of the Globe costs
the country more than twenty dollars. How
long are we to continue this great abuse ?
Why not determine this day to abandon it?
Why not make deliberate and timely provis-
ion for this work by passing a general bill?
But you say we have not time now; this mat-
ter has been delayed loo long. Why has it
been delayed too long? Simply because there
was no law requiring the committee ot the last
Congress to make timely arrangements for the
work ; simply because, on the plea of neces-
sity, and by the same arguments you are to-day
using, you compelled the committee to mnke
a temporary contract with the present pub-
lishers, and"then neglected to provide for the
work by permanent and definite law.
These publishers are able men. Ihey un-
derstand their business, and they know that
just so long as you fail to provide for this work
by general law they are masters of the sit-
uation, and that they are sure of the work
at their own rates. But. you say hives &
