3572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
bridge across the arkansas river.
The SPEAKER. A message has been re-
ceived from the Senate requesting the return
of the bill (8. No. 931) authorizing the con-
struction of abridge across the Arkansas river,
at Little Rock, Arkansas. The bill will be
returned to the Senate if there be no objec-
tion.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
new jail for the district.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1552) in re-
lation to the construction of a new jail for the
District ofColumbia, with Senate amendments.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the House
non concur in the amendments of the Senate,
and ask a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and it was so
ordered.
leave to print.
Mr. ROOSEVELT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to have printed in the
Globe some remarks he had prepared as part
of the debates. [See Appendix.]
Mr. LYNCH asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to have printed in the
Globe some remarks on the section of the
tax and tariff bill relating to shipping. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object to leave being
given to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Roosevelt] to print his speech.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's objec-
tion comes too late.
Mr. POLAND. I think we ought to know
the subject of the speech.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] did not object
until, leave having been given, he turned
round and asked what was the subject of my
remarks, and I informed him that they were
in exposure of the frauds in the government
of the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. Dnder those circum-
stances the gentleman has no right to object.
order op business.
Mr. DAWES. There is a bill on the
Speaker's table relating to stamps in the
Treasury Department, which has come back
from the Senate with only a very slight amend-
ment, on which I ask the action of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] that the House t-ake a recess,
and the motion of the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Speer] that the House do now
adjourn. The latter motion is more highly
privileged.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 92, noes 56.
Mr. KETCHAM. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 77, not vot-
ing 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beatty, Beck. Biggs, James G. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, Buckley, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Crebs,
Crossland, Davis, Dox, Du Bose, Duke, Eldredge,
Farnsworth, Finkclnbursr, Honry D. Foster. G-arrett,
Griddings, Golladay, Griffith, Haldeuaan, Ilamble-
ton, Handley. Hanks, George E. Harris, John T.
Harris, Hay, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman,
Kerr, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Lvnch, Maoson, Mar-
shall, McClelland, McGrew, McNeely, Benjamin
Meyers, Moore, Morgan, Morphis. Niblack,
Packard, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Eli Perry,
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Soofield, Seeley,
Sherwood Shober, Shoemaker, John A. Smith,
R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer. Spra,gue. Stevens,
Storm, Strong, Sypher, Terry, Dwight Townsend,
Turner. Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan, Wad-
dell, Wakeman, Warren, Whiteley, Whitthorne,
Williams of Indiana, and Winchester—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averiii, Banks, Barber,
Barnum, Barry, Bell, Bigby, Bingham, Bird, Austin
Blair, Buffinton Burdett, Benjamin E. Butier, Co-
burn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Critcher, Dawes,
Donnan, Duell, Dunnell.Eames, Ely, Furker, Wilder
D. Poster, Frye, Garfield, Hale. Hancock, Harper,
llawley. Hill, Hoar, Honghton, Kelley, Kellogg.
Kendall, Ketcham, Lamport, Lowe, McCormick,
Mclntyre, McJunkin, Merriam, Leonard Myers,
Orr, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce,
Peters, Poland, Rainey, Ritchie, Rogers, Rusk,
Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Sheldon, Slater, Steven-
son, Sutherland, Taffe, Thomas, Washington Towns-
end, Twichell, Waldron, Wallace, Walls, Wells,
Wheeler, Willard, Jeremiah M.Wilson, and John
T. Wilson—77.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ambler. Beveridge,
Boles, Brooks, Burchard,Roderick R. Butler,Clarke,
Cobb, Comingo, Conner, Cox, Creely, Crocker, Dar-
rall, De Large, Dickey, Elliott, Farwell, Charles
Foster, Get«, Goodrich, Halsey, Harmer, Havens,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Ilazelton,
Hooper, Killinger, King, Kinsella, Lansing, _ May-
nard, McCrary, MeHenry. McKee, McKinney,
Mercur, Merrick, Mitchell, Monroe, Morey.Negley,
Palmer, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Porter, Potter,
Price, Prindle, John M. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Slocum, Sloss, H. Board-
man Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder,
Starkweather, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John,
Swann, Tuthill, Voorhees, Walden, Williams of
New York, Wood, andYounz—71.
During the roll-call, the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. DONNAN. My colleague, Mr.Walden,
is confined to his room by sickness; if here
he would vote "no."
Mr. AMBLER. I am paired upon the
Atchison, Topeka, and Sante Fe railroad bill
with the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr.
Crocker, who has been obliged to leave the
Hall on account of sickness. As the question
involves that bill, I do not vote. If Mr.
Crocker were here he would vote " no," and
I would vote "ay."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the House (at four o'clock
and forty-eight minutes p. m.) adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented un-
der the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BIRD : The petition of citizens of
Clinton, Hunterdon county, New Jersey,
remonstrating against so amending the Con-
stitution as to allow persons of foreign birth
to be elected President.
By Mr. COBURN: Petitions of soldiers
and sailors of Baltimore, Maryland ; Westmin-
ster, Maryland; Palmyra, New York; Phil-
adelphia, Pennsylvania; Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania; Havana, New York ; Milford, Connec-
ticut; Wilson, Niagara county, New York;
Boston, Massachusetts; Lexington, Massachu-
setts; and Charlestown, Massachusetts, asking
the pasaage of a bill providing industrial
homes, &e., for the orphans of soldiers and
sailors who served in the Union Army.
By Mr. COGHLAN: The petition, charts,
&c., of Frederick Coombs, praying relief.
By Mr. DUELL : The petition and accom-
panying papers of John C. Lemon, late colo-
nel of the tenth regiment New York cavalry,
asking relief.
By Mr. SEELEY: The petition of soldiers
and sailors for leave to assign them lands, &c.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 17, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. Richard Smyth, D. D., Pro-
fessor of Magee College, Londonderry, Ire-
land.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, thereading
of the Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
dispensed with.
steamboat law.
Mr. CHANDLER. House bill No. 2116
was perfected the other evening; all the
amendments agreed upon and ready for its
passage. I ask that the formal vote be taken
on its passage. It is the bill (H. R. No. 2116)
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
for the better security of life on board of ves-
sels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and for other purposes," approved February
28 1871
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we had better
wait a little while. I may withdraw the objec-
tion after awhile.
shipping op seamen.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the Senator object
to the vote being taken on House bill No.
2044, to authorize the appointment of ship-
ping commissioners by the several circuit
courts of the United States, to superintend the
shipping and discharge of seamen engaged in
merchant ships belonging to the United States,
and for the further protection of seamen?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be read the third time,
and the question is on its passage.
The bill was passed.
order of business.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to put on its pas-
sage a bill of only eight or ten lines.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
morning business the Senator from New York
asks unanimous consent that the Senate con-
sider the following bill 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the best way is
to go straight ahead.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
therefore submit the business on his table from
the House of Representatives.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2564) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and po-
litical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States was read twice by its title, and referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary:
A bill (H. R. No. 21) to allow persons ac-
cused of crime to testify in their own behalf
in the courts of the United States;
A bill (H. II. No. 482) regulating the com-
pensation of criers and bailiffs of the United
States courts;
A bill (H. R. No. 1017) to prevent and pun-
ish the obstruction of the administration of
justice in the courts of the United States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2779) to repeal certain
statutes prescribing an oath of office ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2780) for the relief of W.
W. Griffin ; and
A resolution (H. R. No. 152) amending joint
resolution approved March 2, 1867.
The bill (H. R. No. 2340) to change the
name of the pleasure-yacht Ellie, of Boston,
Massachusetts, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 2781) for the relief of
Henry A. F. Worth was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
final adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives:
Resolved by the Bouse of Revresentatims, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That each House of Congress shall
be adjourned sinedtebythePresidingOfiicer thereof
on Monday, the 3d day of June, 1872, at twelve o'eloek
meridian.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that ought to lie
on the table for the present.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that it
had better go to the Committee on Finance, who
have charge of the tariff and tax question.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I have no
objection.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of eiti-
