832
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 1,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
visiting various parts of Europe to collect
information on the production, manufacture,
and commerce of the flax and wines of that
country, and to obtain seeds, cuttings, and ao
forth, under instructions from the Ccrmmis-
gioner of the Patent Office dated April six-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Approved, May 31, 1872.
Chap. CCLXIV.—An Act for the Relief of
Joseph Segar, of Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed and
required to pay to Joseph Segar, of Virginia,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of fifteen thousand
dollars, the same being the balahce still due
him, after deducting what he has heretofore
received, for the use and occupation of his
farm in Elizabeth City county, Virginia, by
the Army of the United States, during the
late rebellion.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Chap. CCLXV.—An Act for the Relief of
Plicebe Hepburn.
Whereas it is alleged that Phoebe Hepburn
was the owner by purchase and assignment of
the following bounty-land warrants, issued
under the act of March three, eighteen hun-
dred arid fifty-five, to wit: numbers sixty-nine
thousand eight hundred and ninety-six. fifty-
nine thousand four hundred and nineteen,
eighty-six thousand one hundred and fifty-
seven, eighty-eight thousand six hundred and
nineteen, ninety one thousand seven hundred
and twenty-four, thirty-one thousand five hun-
dred and hfty-eight, sixty-seven thousand four
hundred and seventeen, fifty-nine thousand
nine hundred and seventy-eight, eighty-seven
thousand two hundred and seventy-seven,
ninety-one thousand seven hundred and seven,
seveuteen thousand four hundred and eighty-
one, and ninety-five thousand three hundred
and twenty, for one hundred and twenty acres
each ; and numbers sixty-one thousand eight
hundred and eighty-one, and fifty seven thou-
sand five hundred and thirty two, fur one hun-
dred and sixty acres each; in all, fourteen
warrants; that in the year eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven she placed said warrants in the
hands of Salmon Sharp as her agent, to locate
or otherwise dispose of them lor her; that
said agent did sell four of said warrants, to
wit, one of the one-hundred-and sixty-acre
warrants, and three of the one-hundred-and-
twenty-acre warrants, and made a memo-
randum of their respective numbers, and to
whom sold, and placed it among the ten remain-
ing unsold warrants; that by an accident said
memorandum and the ten warrants were
dropped in a cattle-yard, and were eaten up
by the cattle, and, having no other memo-
randum, he is unable to state the numbers of
the warrants that were sold, consequently,
cannot arrive at the numbers of the teu war-
rants that were not sold; and whereas it
appears from the records of the General Land
Office that warrantnumber sixty-one thousand
eight hundred and eighty-one, for one hun-
dred and sixty acres, and numbers fifty-nine
thousand four hundred and nineteen, and
seventeen thousand four hundred and eighty-
one, for one hundred and twenty acres, being
three m the above-named warrants, have been
leiurued to said office located, leaving but one
ot Inesoidwarrants notaceounted for : There-
' tore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Ren-
resentatives of the United Mates of America in
Oongirm- assembled, That upon satisfactory
proot being made to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions that Phoebe Hepburn was the bona fide
owner, by purchase and assignment to her, of
said warrants, numbers sixty-nine thousand
eight hundred and ninetv-six, eighty-six thou-
sand one hundred and fifty-seven, eighty-eight
thousand six hundred and nineteen, ninety-one
thousand seven hundred and twenty-four,
thirty-one thousand five hundred and fifty-
eight, sixty-seven thousand four hundred and
seventeen, fifty nine thousand nine hundred
and seventy-eight, eighty-seven thousand two
hundred and seventy-seven, ninety-one thou-
sand seven hundred and seven, and ninety-five
thousand three hundred and twenty, for one
hundred and twenty acres each, and fifty-seven
thousand five hundred and thirty-two for one
hundred and sixty acres, all issued under act
of March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
being eleven of the warrants mentioned in the
above preamble, he is hereby authorized and
directed to issue duplicates of said warrants,
and to endorse on the back of each his certifi-
cate stating that this duplicate is issued in pur-
suance of this act, and that Phcebe Hepburn
is the bona fide owner thereof; that she is
hereby authorized to locate or sell and assign
the same in the same manner as though said
duplicate warrant was duly assigned to her by
the warrantee. Thereafter said Commissioner
of Pensions will transmit said duplicate war-
rants to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, who is authorized to deliver ten of said
duplicate warrants to Phoebe Hepburn, or her
legal representatives, under such rules, regula
tions, and requirements as to said Commis-
sioner may seem just and proper, in order to
preserve as well the rights of the parties inter-
ested as that of the United States, and upon
the said Phcebe Hepburn giving such security
as said Commissioner shall require to indem-
nify the United States against loss in the
premises ; and to this end he will retain the
remaining duplicate warrant on the files of his
office, until the warrant said to have been sold
shall be returned to his office, located or
otherwise.
Sec. 2. That upon the final adjustment of
said matter, and when the number of the sold
warrantnot^accountedforshall be ascertained,
then, and in such case, the corresponding
duplicate warrant shall be, by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, returned to
the Commissioner of Pensions for the purpose
of being cancelled, thus leaving but ten of said
duplicate warrants to be satisfied by the Uni-
ted Slates.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Chap. CCLXVL—An Act for the Relief of
Wiiham H. Colledge.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America
in Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be required to pay, from any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro
priated, to William H. Colledge, the sum of
five hundred dollars in full compensation for
services as a temporary clerk in the office of
the Third Auditor of the Treasury from the
eleventh day of May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine, until the eleventh day of October,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, in auditing
and adjusting the Oregon and Washington war
claims, so called.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Chap. CCLXVII.—An Act for the Relief of
Charles W. Whitney.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Waited States of America
in Congress assembled, That the sum oHifiy
thousand dollars be, and tlie eame hereby is,
appropriated out of any moneys in the Treas-
urynot otherwise appropriated, t*pay Charles
W. Whitney for the enlargement of the iron-
clad battery Keokuk, upon the execution and
delivery by said Whitney of a receipt in full
for all demands against the United States on
account of the construction of said vessel,
including all extra labor, material, and all
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Chap. CCLXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Mrs Harriet B. Pendleton, widow of George
H. Pendleton, late of the United States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Mrs. Harriet B. Pen-
dleton, widow of George H. Pendleton, late
acting master in the United States Navy, who
was captured January seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, on the coast of South
Carolina, in the discharge of his duties, shall
be, and is hereby, entitled to receive the share
of all prizes captured by the United States
steamer Montgomery during the time of his
imprisonment, to which vessel said George H.
Pendleton was attached at the time of said
capture, and that his name shall be consid-
ered as being borne upon the ship's books the
same as though he had been temporarily
absent.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Chap. CCLXIX.—-An Act granting a Pension
to Martha Elwell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Martha Elwell, the depend-
ent widowed mother of Newell Elwell, a pri-
vate in the late war of the rebellion.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Chap. CCLXX.—An Act granting a Pension
to Phebe Ann Elderkin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That fhe Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Phebe Ann Elder-
kin, mother of Alfred Elderkin, late a private
in company E, ninety-sixth regiment Illinois
volunteers.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Chap. CCLXXI.—An Act granting a Pension
to Andrew lteinfort.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions aud limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Andrew Reinfort,
late a private in company B, fifty-eighth regi-
ment Indiana volunteers.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Chap. CCLXX1I.—An Aotgranting a Pension
to Martha G. Rudolph.
Be it enact'-d by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Sluie.t of America in
Congress ux--ewtAt'd. I hat the name of Martha
G. KuUolpl., widow of JdIiiiC. Rudolph, be
placed on the roils to receive the pension now
provided by law for the widows of enlisted men
who di d in the service and in the line of duty.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
