4468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
leave of the State. Does anybody doubt that?
If it could do that without the consent of the
State, so may it condemn without such con-
sent, atid stand in the same category as if it
Ixad leased or had bought without the assent
of the State. That is all there is of it. Can-
not the Government purchase property on
execution in satisfaction of one of its judg-
ments, and has it not done so from the found-
ation of the Government? In other words,
is it a fact that the United States cannot be-
come a property-holder in a State, al.hough
every alien throughout the world can? That
is all there is of it, unless you are prepared to
deny that there is any such thing as sover-
eignty in the United States. Certainly, the
Governmerttof the United States is a Govern-
ment of delegated and limited powers. Cer-
tainly, it has no powers but such as are ex-
pressly delegated, and such as are necessarily
incident to those expressly delegaied. But a
delegated power may be a sovereign power,
and consequently a right of eminent domain
may be incident to it. Are not the right to
make war, suppress insurrections, levy and
collect taxes, establish and maintain courts,
enaot criminal laws and inflict punishment for
their violation, and regulate commerce, sov-
ereign powers? If not, what are sovereign
powers? What answer is it to say that they
are delegated? All powers of Government in
this country are delegated, those ol the State
governments by the people, those of the Fed-
eral Government by the States.
Bui. sir, I do noi dsire to argue this matter
longer, and 1 should not have said this much
but for the somewhat unmeasured terms in
winch the bill was condemned by my friend,
the Senator fiom California.
Mr. BAYAIID rose.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 withdraw my objec-
tion to the hill granting the right of way
through the public lands in the Stale of
Nevada and ask that the bill be considered
now.
Mr. BAYA RD. Mr. President. 
Mr, STKWAIU'. Let. that bill pass.
'llie PUliSlDliNT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to take it up, and ihe
Senator fiom Delaware rises t.o speak, which
is in the injure of an objection.
Air. BAYARD. I do not desire to delay
tlif passage of this bill. 1 regret exceedingly
that a bill -of ibis importance, of this nature,
should have been brought forward ami pressed
at the closing hours of the session i and that,
too, without the recommendation of a prop-
erly organized committee of this body; and I
desire here, white 1 shall lake the opportunity
of recording my vote against the bill, to ex-
press my regret that time has not been given
for a lull and deliberate discussion of the
principles involved in it. It is a new depart-
ure. It is the first, time in tlie history of our
Government that the United Stales, not a sov-
ereign but a Government of limited, delegated
powers, deriving those powers from ihe Slates,
and not the States from the General Govern-
ment—it is the first time, I say, m the history
of our Government that, the United States has,
without regard to the States, undertaken in
its own tribunals to take the property of pri-
vate citizens of a State in invitum, condemn
it by lis own agents, paying tlieai its own price,
ill its own manner, and that without regard
to State authority. Jt is the first time it has
been done, and I cannot see such a step taken
without questioning its rightfulness and its
justice. 1 will not say there is no shadow of
constitutional authority for it,. Theie may be
a shadow, but there may be no substance.
When a power is doubtful, it is eeitaiuly one
not. to be exercised without very great hesita-
tion. It is not requisite lor nip to know that
a thing can be proven to be directly against
the Constitution in order to obtain my vote
against it. If I do not, know that the Consti-
tution simply warranted if, f shall not in a
doubtful case give the implication of author-
ity. Therefore I shall ask for the yeas and
nays on this measure, in order that i may
record my vote against the precedent and
against the measure itself.
Mr. STOCKfON. I had not the slightest
intention of saying a single word on this sub-
ject, but. after the warmth of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Thdrman,] and his apparent
indisposition to allow me to interrupt him to
ask a further explanation on a point which he
stated, I feel it a duty to myself to make some
remarks on the subject.
In the first place, I willsay that if there is
even a shadow of foundation for this bill the
Senator from Ohio lias not shown it. There
may be, as the Senator from Delaware says, a
shadow, and there may be want of substance,
and there may be substance, and I may not
see it; but if that substance depends on any
remarks made by the Senator from Ohio, 1
have failed to see it.
The argument, of the Senator from Ohio was
this: that, because the Constitution of the
United States says private property shall not
be taken for public uses without just com-
pensation therefor, it necessarily follows that
the United Slates has the power to take all
private properly, whether real estate within
the borders of a State or not, for public use
whenever it pleases ; in other words, because
the Constitution of the United States gives the
Government, power when it, is necessary for
certain purposes to take certain property, and
says il shall not do it without paying for it,
that gives it the right to take property of all
kinds everywhere belonging to citizens under
all circumstances!
Mr. President, in time of war yon tnayseize
upon a man's horses, and the officer of the
Government gives him a receipt stating the
fact that, he has taken the horses. During the
whole of this session of Congress, and ever
since the war. have you not had numerous
claims by so-called loyal citizens, claims made
under that clause of the Constitution for prop
oriy taken from thein, cotton taken from
them ? When I asked ihe Senator fiom Ohio
in reference to this cotton question, he said
the remarks of tluj Senator trom New Jersey
were not pertinent, and further 1 did not hear
frofn that distinguished Senator. 1 insi-t upon
it. that for the reasons given by the Senator
from Ohio the constitutionality of this bill is
not supported.
But, sir, 1 have the report which the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. SriERMAN'] was not able
to find, which I sent to (he office for, and it does
appear that, this commission reported that the
apptopriation was not lurge enough, that they
Wanted from three hundred to live hundred
thousand dollars more. Tney had got nine
proposals, and then proposed again, and they
report that in the whole city of Cincinnati
they could not get a proper lot for the sum
which l.hey were allowed to pay lor it, and the
sum appropriated I presume was the sum
asked lor; at all events, it whs all that was
thought necessary. The commissioners then
came to the conclusion that they wanted more
money, and they sent here t;> the Secretary
of the Treasury. Instead of I hat application
being introduced into Congress and being le-
fetred to the committee which had charge of
the original bill, as has happened in many
other cases, as happened in reference to my
own State where we could not get a lot for the
sum appropriated, and the Secretary of the
Treasury would not commence the building
until we did get the proper appropriation, and
we had to come hack to Congtess to get it,
increased—instead of going through with the
ordinary course, they come into Congress with
a bill 1 will say of at least doubtful constitu-
tional propriety and attempt to take the land—
for what, reason ? Suppose they have the
power, what is ihe reason for it? That they
cannot get it cheap enough ; they have not
got the motley to pay for it. Now I ask that
j| this report be read. It is a veiy short paper.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
Mr. STOCK TON. I withdraw the request
for the reading of the report as it may inter-
fere with the bill, and I do not, wish to take
up time. My whole object was to put on
record my view of this matter.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. lam not going to
discuss this question so far as it relates to the
importance of erecting public buildings as pro-
posed ; but it apoears to me that the Senate
is looking at the lesser interest and neglecting
the greater. I know of no buildings which
the public demand of such importance as new
buildings for the purpose of collecting the
customs in the city of New York—important
because the business of that city and the busi-
ness of the country through that city has in-
creased to such an extent that the buildings
are entirely inadequate to the business. Men
are crowded together in such a manner that
they press out and have colonized into other
buildings where merchants press for entries,
and in consequence of that pressure they are
greatly embarrassed. A proposition has been
before the Senate for some days with the hope
that it might be considered which relates to
the purchase of properly for the purpose of
erecting buildings adequate to the necessities
of that community.
It is claimed that the cost will be immense,
and for that reason objections to the purchase
are made. I will say, sir, that this people
care not, whata thing costs if it, is worth all
that it cosls. They care not what the cost is
if there is a necessity for it.; and I say there
is a necessity growing out of the increased
amount of business that has been done in that
city. Since 1801 the customs revenues have
increased from fifty millions to one hundred
and lorty-nine millions per annum. But the
Government own buildings in that city now
which cost,, as I understand, between two and
three million dollars. They are located in
t.he very heart of the city. They would com
mand a linger price than almost any propetty
that could bo oflfered for sale in that city.
Those buildings might be sold for almost
enough to make the new purchase and to
erect the new buildings which are neces-ary
not only for the collection of customs, but, fui
the storage of goods and for the appraisers'
store, h'or that appraisers' store the Govern-
ment is now paying a rent of over sixty four
thousand dollars. We are also using an office
for a barge office at arent, und-r alease which
expires in June, in this very month, it 1 under-
stand it, and then the Government has no
place provided for the performance ol the
duties connected with that office. I do not
suppose the wheels of the Government would
be blocked if we are turned into the street;
but I do believe it is necessary for the Govern-
ment to take some steps now at an early d iy
to secure proper buildings in a proper location
for the transaction of the business of that city.
I will not detain the Senate any longer, but I
should 1 ke to have the Senator from New
York say a word or two on this very subject.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I am
glad the honorable Senator Irom Connecticut
has availed himself of the presence of this
bill to say a word about a kindred subject
more important and urgent. Opportunity to
allude to public buildings needed in New
York has been refused again and again, it
was the Senator from Ohio farthest. Irom me,
[Mr Thukmax,] who now urges the Cincin-
nati bill upon us, who interposed an objection
the other day when the Senator from Connec-
ticut sought an opportunity merely to make a
request touching the bill for buildings in the
city of New Yoik. It was the Senator from
Rhode Island—not the Senator in the chair,
but the Senator from Ilhode Island on my left,
[Mr. Sl'ltAOTJE]—who interposed bis linglo
objection this morning when the Senator from
Connecticut again, for the eighth or tenth time,
sought to get a moment devoted to the bill
