If 80
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 18,
Bailey are o.ut of money; they are in debt;
the Globe must stop unless this Senate bill
is passed immediately. This is precisely what
was urged two years ago. when the contract
was made for the work of the Forty-First Con-
gress. There was no truth in the statements
then, and there is no truth in them now.
The Committee on Printing have time and
again, as I stated on Friday last and have
repeated again to-day, told Rives & Bailey
that they would obtain for them any reason-
able appropriation which they might desire to
apply on account; but they would not consent
to receive anything on account until they had
secured the contract. Why would they not
consent to receive money on account? Simply
because they desired to place themselves in
the position of martyrs, where they might work
upon the sympathies and the fears of Congress
by stating that they were iu debt, and that the
Globe must stop unless a contract was given
to them immediately. This is their most suc-
cessful dodge. It won for them two years ago,
it will probably win to-day, and had this sub-
ject been presented to Congress three months
ago, precisely the same argument would have
been used.
If money enough to relieve their present
necessities is the only thing they are after we
can supply them in half an hour by passing
an appropriation bill for their especial benefit.
There will be no objection to it in this House,
and none in the Senate. Hives & Bailey know
this very well, and they have known all the
time that they could get whatever money the
Government owed them any day that they saw
fit to ask for it. But they have 110 pressing
need for money. They want a contract at
advanced rates. They want to prevent the
enactment of any general law which is likely
to open the door to competition. Mr. John
C. Rives managed Congress in his day, so far
as this Globe was concerned, and Mr. Bailey
proposes to control it now. He has polled
the vote of this House; he has seen and lob-
bied with every prominent member on this
floor j lie has dwelt pathetically upon the sac-
rifices which he has made to continue the
Globe. They were sacrifices for the country
such as only a patriot would make. He
knew, good man, if the Globe were to i'ail
for a single day, that an impenetrable gloom
would overshadow our constituents! He knew
that they would refuse to be comforted until
it reappeared, and for their sake, and for our
sake, and for the sake of those who are to
follow us, he, Atlas-like, took tins Globe upon
his shoulders, and has borne it for a year. It
was a grand thing for him to do, and of course
while he was doing it he had his eyes shut to
the enormous profit which we all know he will
very soon realize on the job.
Two years ago we were told that the con
tract for publishing the Globe had expired, and
that we must make an immediate contract with
the old publishers for the Foity-First Congress,
and then we would look about deliberately and
arrange for a better contract iu the future.
But after the contract was made with them the
subject was forgotten—was never even alluded
to during the remainder of that Congress.
Just so it will be if we pass this Senate bill.
The bill proposes ostensibly to bridge overthe
present Congress, but in reality it secures to
Messrs. Rives & Bailey the work for fouryears,
at rates considerably higher than we have ever
before paid. If this bill passes, the whole
subject is at an end until two years hence,
when Rives & Bailey will come forward again
with their old story about debts, and loss of
interest, and anxiety, and then the same argu-
ments which were heard two years ago, and
which have been repeated again to-day, will
be again repeated, another contract will be
given them, and thus there will be no end to
this extravagant work.
If there is to be any reduction of expense
or of the number of copies of the Globe, or
any change in the mode of distribution, now
is the time .to make it. I do not ask that
Rives & Bailey shall be deprived of a single
farthing to which they are justly entitled. I
will vote to-day to pay them $150,000 on ac-
count, but I do insist that now, while the at-
tention of Congress is forced' to this subject,
we should reform the great abuses which have
grown up in this work of publishing the de-
bates, and make such timely provision for the
future execution of the work as will cut down
the expense, reduce the number of copies, and
secure a better distribution of the volumes.
Mr. KELLEY. I shall not attempt to reply
to what the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Beatty]
has said. I shall certainly not discuss the doings
of the eight Congresses which have preceded
this. But I will say to gentlemen that if they
want to see clear statement of what is an
abundant reply to what the gentleman from
Ohio has said, that is pertinent, they will find
it on the third page of the Daily Globe of
Saturday last, March 16. With reference to
the statement of the gentleman about the rate
by this bill being higher than before, it is
proper that I should make some reply. There
was a profitable part of the work, which was
the duplication of the indexes.
Mr. PETERS. More than duplication, which
means doubling ; it was a reduplication.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes; a reduplication of
the indexes, or the publication of the index in
each volume. The new arrangement now pro-
posed amends that, and provides for but one
index for each session of Congress. Under
the old arrangement but one composition of
the index answered for each and all the vol-
umes. And the dispute between the gentle-
man from Ohio and the publishers of the Globe
as to whether the rate now proposed is more
or less than the old rate is this : the gentleman
from Ohio insists upon it that composition for
a small edition shall bo done at the same rate
that it would be done for an enormous edition.
In other words, he proposes that the publishers
of the Globe shall set type and print a small
number, a small edition, as cheaply as they
would print a large edition, where the same
type shall be used to print very many thousand
volumes. Now, there is the whole question.
Did time permit I would submit to any prac-
tical printer in this Housa the quest ion whether
Messrs. Rives & Bailey, under the proposed
arrangement, will not be doing the work equit-
ably lower than they did under the last con-
tract. The gentleman from Ohio says he sub-
mitted a bill after consultation with ilives &
Bailey. Sir, after he had ascertained that
they would not agree to those terms 
Mr. BEATTY. I did not say so.
Mr. KELLEY. I understood the gentle-
man to say so. It is true that after having
had an interview with the proprietors of the
Globe, and ascertaining that they would not
agree to the terms of his proposed bill, he
then submitted it. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow mo to say a few words.
Mr. KELLEY. I have no objection to
debate, but I do not yield for an amendment,
substitute, or anything of the kind.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. is not the House to
be allowed to vote on any amendment?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not rise to
make any amendment, but to make an inquiry
and to say a few words if the gentleman will
permit.
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say,
in the first place, that so far as the Committee
on Appropriations is concerned we have not
been asked for any appropriation for this pur-
pose. There has been no dereliction of duty
on our part concerning that matter. There
have been no estimates, no proposals submit-
ted except the bill introduced by my colleague,
[Mr. Beatty,] and under the pressure of
other business that bill has not yet been
reached.
Sir, I am in favor of paying the gentlemen
who have printed the Globe, and of paying
them fairly and honorably; and no word that
I shall say will interfere with that statement
or that purpose. And I do not know but what
this bill ought to pass as it is. The state-
ments of my colleague, who certainly has gone
deeply into this subject, I do not think have
been altogether explained.
I desire to call the attention of the House,
and particularly of the gentleman who has
charge of this bill, [Mr. Kelley,] to this fea-
ture of it. The bill requires the Congressional
Printer to enter into a contract with the pub-
lishers of the Globe for two years, that is, for
the whole of the present Congress, and we are
to pay the amount of money named in the bill
in accordance with "a proposed form of con-
tract from the said Rives & Bailey, submitted
to and approved by the joint Committee on
Public Printing on the part of the Senate."
Now, what I want to ask of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] is, where is that
proposed coutract which we are now ratifying,
and under which we are to pay this sum of
money? Is it here? Has it been before the
House? Has it been before the Senate? Is
it in print? Is it in writing?
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in existence?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does it exist?
And if so, what are its terms? Now, I am
unable to answer any of those questions. Quite
likely, quite probably, indeed, I ought to as-
sume that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
can tell us what the form of contract is, what
are its terms, and what it is we are to have
published ; whether this contract contains the
duplicated indexes of the past, or only one
index; whether this contract in any sense
abridges the Globe by leaving out of it a part
of the merely repetitious matter, like the
President's message, printed in the proceed-
ings of the Senate as well as of the House,
and paid for by both; or what this contract
contains.
As the representative of the Committee on
Appropriations I feel bound to ask this ques-
tion, and to call the attention of the House
to it. I presume I shall be satisfied ; and with
the proper explanation I shall be very glad
to vote for this bill and save the trouble of
having it go before the Committee on Appro-
priations and being examined and estimated
for there. It is not mere pride of committee-
ship that leads me to maike these inquiries ;
but when 1 am called upon to ratify by my
vote a contract by reference, I ought at least
to have extended to me the courtesy of an
explanation in regard to the terms and condi-
tions of the contract. T say this in the inter-
est merely of open, frank dealing on the part
of this House.
Mr. KELLEY. My hour is so nearly out
that I cannot yield further. I will state to the
gentleman that the terms of this proposition
have been stated over and over again in com-
munications laid upon the desks of members.
The terms are those under which the Globe
was published during the last Congress, with
a deduction of between thirty-two and thirty-
three thousand dollars, resulting from the
omission of the reduplication of the index.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has the gentleman
that contract in his possession ?
Mr. KELLEY. 1 have not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Did the gentleman
ever see it ?
Mr. KELLEY. I suppose that the Com-
mittee on Printing of the Senate, from whom
this bill emanates, have that contract. I move
the previous question.
Mr. BEATTY. May I be allowed to make
an inquiry of the Chair? If the previous ques-
tion should be voted down, will it be in order
to offer a proposition appropriating $250,000
to these gentlemen?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
be voted down, of course the bill will be open
to amendment.
