2676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April-23,
dace that effect. But here is an amendment
which has received the sanction of no com-
mittee ; which, on the contrary, as I have shown
. the. Senate, by its neeessary effect is to over-
ride or evade the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States ; and will this body
be Gontent that this shall become the law of
the land without due care and orderly pro-
ceeding to ascertain whether there is a conflict
between the proposed measure and the con-
struction given to former laws upon principle
, by the Supreme Court ?
Now, Mr. President, this proposed law
affects the claim of the owners of captured
and abandoned property. It is private prop-
erty, property which the Supreme Court of the
United States, in the opinion which I read from
yesterday, in the case of the United States vs.
Klein, declared to be protected by the laws of
civilized warfare. " The Government," said
the court, "recognized to the fullest extent
the.humane maxims of the modern law of na-
tions, which exempt private property of non-
combatant enemies from capture as booty of
war. Even the law of confiscation was spar-
ingly applied. The cases were few indeed
in which the property of any not engaged in
actual hostilities was subjected to seizure and
sale."
The Senate are aware, and the country well
knows, under what a system of greed, of un-
checked rapacity, this private property of
citizens through the southern country was
taken possession of by those who professed to
represent the Government. In the city of
Savannah I believe there were from thirty to
forty thousand bales of cotton found and seized,
much the larger portion of which was private
property, much of it of non-resident aliens.
In other portions of the country, in the private
gin-houses of the .planters, was this cotton
seized. It was seized ruthlessly. There was
no law to protect the owner; there was then
net court for him to appeal to; no writ of
replevin to restore his property to him. '
SENATOK tKOM NORTH CAROLINA.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware will please suspend. The
morning hour has expired and the North
Carolina -case 'is "before- -bW • Senate, upon
which the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.' CAH-*
raamsn] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I ask that tho North Carolina
case be hud aside informally in order that the
Senator from Delaware may conclude.
Mr. LOGAN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to the
speech being finished, if that is all that is
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Del-
aware does not want to proceed.
Mr. COLE. That is a peculiar dilemma in
which we are placed in this case. I ask the
Senator from Wisconsin, who, I think, does
not wish to proceed to-day with the North
Carolina case, to allow me to make a motion
to postpone the North Carolina case for the
purpose of continuing the consideration of
the deficiency bill.
Mr. LOGAN. No; we can get a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin yield the floor to the
Senator from California?
Mr. CARPENTER. I yield for the pur-
pose of the Senator's taking the sense of the
Senate on that question.
Mr. COLE. I move to lay the North Car-
olina case on the table, and I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate the exact position of the
business before them at present. The North
Carolina case coming up at one o'clock, the
Senator from Delavvaie being then upon the
floor, speaking on the deficiency bill, the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin was recognized as enti-
tled to the floor on the North Carolina case.
He yields to the Senator from California, who
moves to lay it on the table for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of the defi-
ciency appropriation bill if the North Caro-
lina case should belaid upon the table. Upon
the motion to lay on the table the yeas and
nays have been ordered, and the Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr. HILL. My colleague [Mr. Norwood]
requested me to state that in his absence he is
paired with the Senator from Arkansas [Mr.
Rice] on this case.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 35 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Chandler, Cole,
Corbett, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Oaborn, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Pool, Pratt, Sawyer, Spencer, and "Windom—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserly, Cooper, Davis of West
Virginia, Fenton, terry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Frelinghuysen, (Joldthwaite, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Robertson, Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, Wil-
son, and Wright—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Cam-
eron, Clayton, Conkling, Cragin, Davis ofKentuoky,
Flanagan, Kellogg, Norwood, Nye, Ramsey, Rice,
Saulsoury, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, and West—18.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair omit-
ted to state, as has been his custom, that among
the special assignments was one to-day by the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Buckingham,]
the bill to provide for the claims of the Pot-
tawatomie Indians residing in Michigan and
Indiana. He is not in his seat now, and the
Chair supposes he does not wish to antagonize
it with this case to-day.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, reported by the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections:
Resolved, That Joseph C. Abbott, not having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast by the North
Carolina Legislature, on the second Tuesday in No-
vember, 1870, for the office of Senator of the United
States, is not entitled to a seat in said United States
Senate as such Senator.
The question being on the amendment of
Mr. Carpenter, which was to substitute the
resolution reported by the minority of the
committee, as follows:
That Joseph C. Abbott has been duly elected Sen-
ator from the State of North Carolina for the term
ot six years, commencing on the 4th day of March,
1871, and that he is entitled to a seat in the Senate
as such Senator.
Mr. CARPENTER addressed the Senate.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin, after his usual eloquence,
repeated his view of the English cases—a view
that has not been controverted or questioned
by anybody on this floor. Whether it is appli-
cable to this ease is another question entirely.
Ho admits that it is not applicable to the case
of a popular election by ballot, although he
cannot find one word in the English cases
which makes any distinction between an elec-
tion by ballot and one viva voce, and one of
the very cases he cited in this country, the
Philadelphia case, was an election by ballot.
But what I rose to say is this: I am per-
fectly willing to leave to the Senate upon what
I said last Monday week and the reply made
by the Senator from Wisconsin, whether I am
or he is right in regard to our view of this
question, depending upon the Constitution of
the United States, the interpretation of that
Constitution again and again*by both branches
of Congress, the interpretation of it by the
courts and the weight of judicial decision in
this country, and the effect of our own law
regulating the election of Senators in Con-
gress. I am perfectly willing to leave it to the
Senate upon that, if the Senate is now ready
to vote. I therefore say, now, that if the Sen-
ate is ready to vote I shall forego the privilege
which belongs to me, as representing the com-
mittee, to sjie^k at all.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
["Question!" "Question!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
man in the chair.) The first question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin, substituting the resolution reported
by the minority of the Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered. The amendment
will be read if it is desired.
Mr. ALCORN. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk. The pending amend-
ment is to strike out all after the word " that"
and insert:
Joseph C. Abbott has been duly elected Senator
from the Slate of North Carolina for the term of
six years, commencing on the 4th day of March,
1871, and that he is entitled to a seat, in the Senate
as such Senator.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. On this ques-
tion I am paired with my colleague, [Mr.
Flanagan. ] If he were present he would vote
in the affirmative, and I in the negative.
Mr. RICE. On this question ^ am paired
with the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Nor-
wood.] If he were present he would vote
"nay," and I should vote "yea."
Mr. CARPENTER. I am paired with the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbury.]
If he were here he would vote " no," and I
should vote "ay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 42 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Chandler, Cragin, G-ilbert,
Howe, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, and Sawyer—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Cameron, Casserly, Clayton, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Fen ton. Ferry
of Connecticut,Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Hill,
ITitcheoek, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pratt, Ramsey,
Robertson, Schurz, Scott, Sprague, Stevenson. Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers,
West, Windom, and Wright—42.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Carpenter, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Da,vis of Ken-
tucky, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Norwood, Pomcroy, Rice, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, and Wilson—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the resolution reported by the major-
ity of the committee: *
Resolved, That Joseph C. Abbott, not having re-
ceived amnjorityofthe votes oast by. the North Car-
olina Legislature on the second Tuesday in Novem-
ber, 1870, for the office of Senator of the United
States, is not entitled to a seat in said United States
Senate as such Senator.
The resolution was agreed to,
message i'rom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 1866) for the relief of Mrs. Frances A.
McKinney.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the deficiency
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1654) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872,
and for former years, and for other purposes ;
the pending question being on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Morrill, of Vermont.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous eon-
sent to offer some amendments to this bill at
this time, as I have to be absent for awhile.
„ The VICE PRESIDENT. They can only
be entertained by unanimous consent, subject
to demand for the regular proposition before
the Senate, being the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. CHANDLER. These amendments will
need no debate. I offer them from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
