1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
shall give bond in such sum and with such security
as may be required by the Attorney General for the
faithful discharge of his duties under the provisions
°fSEc!3.CThat it shall be the duty of said board of
regents to expend the annual interest accruing from
said stocks tor the purpose of educating the children
of African descent in the several States in which
slavery existed at the commencement of the late
rebellion, exclusively, in such manner as in the
judgment of the board will secure the most rapid
advancement of their moral and intellectual con-
dition; and they shall annually, on the first Mon-
day of December, make a full report of their pro-
ceedings, setting forth in detail the manner of
their investments, the interest accruing thereon, the
amount of money received, the amount paid out,
and the purpose of each expenditure, and they shall
transmit a copy of said report to the secretary of
State and to the Governor of each of the States
aforesaid. „ ., „ , . .,
Sec. 4. That the expenditure of said fund by said
board of regents among the several States aforesaid
shall be pro rata upon the basis of the children of
African descent under the age of eighteen years in
said States, according to the census of 1870, and of
each succeeding census hereafter taken by authority
of Congress.
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded the yeas and
Mr. YOUNG- moved tbe House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The substitute was rejected.
The question next recurred on Mr. Coburn's
substitute, as follows:
A bill to establish an educational fund, and to apply
the proceeds of the public lands to the education
of the people.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the net proceeds of the public lands
are hereby forever consecrated and set apart for the
education of the people.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Interior shall
cause an account to be taken upon the close of each
fiscal year, and ascertain the total receipts from the
sale or other disposition of the public lands of the
United States, including all fees received atthegen-
eral and district land offices dunng such year, and
the amount of expenditures incurred or occasioned
by the survey, sale, location, entry, or other disposi-
tion of such lands, including appropriations for the
expenses of the said offices for said year, and shall
certify to the Secretary of the Treasury the amount
of the net cash proceeds from the sale, entry, loca-
tion, or other disposition of such lands as aforesaid,
after deducting such expenses and expenditures.
Sec. S. That upon the receipt of the certiiicate of
the Secretary of the Treasury, the Commissioner of
Education, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, shall proceed to apportion, to the sev-
eral States and to the District of Columbia, upon
the basis of illiterate population, and the amount
of funds and value of school property, the net pro-
ceeds of the public lands for the previous year, such
apportionment as to population to be according to
the last preceding general census of the United
States, and as to amounts and values according to
the reports of State officers. In estimating the share
to which each State may be entitled, the Secretary
of the Interior shall allot the same in proportion to
the illiterate population, and shall" also take into
account the amount of school funds and the value
of school property in such States, allotting to the
States having the greater number of illiterate per-
sons and the smaller amounts of funds and property
the greater proportions of such moneys.
Sec. 4. Tbat each of the States and said District
shall be entitled to receive its shareof tbe distribu-
tion under such apportionment which shall, before
the 1st day of January, 1873, or within two months
of the first meeting of its Legislature thereafter,
have, by its Legislature, engaged that it will pro-
vide by law for the free education of all its children
between the ages of six and sixteen years, for at
least a term of three months in each year, and will
apply all moneys which it shall receive under this
act in accordance with its conditions.
Sec. 5. That a sum not exceeding fifty per cent, of
the amount received from the United States by any
State, or by the District of Columbia, the first year
of such receipt by it, and not exceeding the amount
of ten per cent, in any year thereafter, may be ap-
plied, at the discretion of the Legislature thereof,
to the maintenance of one or more schools for the
instruction of teachers of common schools; said
sum after the first year to be appropriated wholly
to the payment of teachers of such schools.
Sec. 6. That each State and said District shall be
entitled to receive its share of every apportionment
after the first which shall have complied with the
following conditions: . . .
Jtirst. That it shall have made the provision for
the education of its children required in the filth
section of this act.
Secondly. That it shall have applied all moneys
by it previously received under this act in accord-
ance (herewith.
Thirdly. That it shall, through the proper officer
thereof, for the year ending the 30th day of June
last preceding such apportionment, make full re-
portof the number of schools free to all the chil-
dren thereof; the number of teachers employed;
the number of school-houses owned and the number
of school-houses hired; the total number of chil-
dren taught during the year; the actual daily at-
tendance ; and the actual number of months of the
year schoolg shall have been maintained in each of
the several school districts or divisions of said State
or District, and the amounts appropriated by the
Legislature for the purpose of maintaining a system
ot free public schools.
fourthly. That such State or District shall have
provided by law for the trial and punishment of any
person who may misapply, mrsappropriate, squander,
or embezzlesuch funds,or knowindy consent thereto.
Sec. 7. Tbat on or before the 1st day of Septem-
ber in each year the Commissioner of Education
shall certify to the Secretary of the Treasury, as to
each State and District, whether it is entitled to re-
ceive its share of the apportionment under this act,
and the amount of such share, which shall thereupon
bo entitled to receive the same. If the Commissioner
shall withhold a certificate from either, its share of
such apportionment shall be kept separate in the
Treasury until the close of the next session of Con-
gress, in order that it may, if it see fit, appeal to Con-
fress from the determination of the Commsssioner.
f Congress shall not at its next session direct such
share to be paid, it shall be added to the general edu-
cational fund.
4 Sec. 8. That the superintendent of public instruc-
tion of each State and of said District, or such other
officer as shall by the laws of such State or District
be required so to do, shall, immediately upon the
receipt of the certificate provided in section four,
proceed to apportion the amount so certified to his
State or District, to the several school districts
therein which shall have maintained, for at least
three months during the precedingyear, one or more
free public schools for all the children of suchschool
district between the ages of six and sixteen years,
which apportionment snail be upon the basis of the
population of such district, or of the number of chil-
dren of school age therein, or of the attendance upon
said schools during the year preceding, as may be by
law determined by such State, Territory, or District,
and the amount so apportioned shall be solely
applied in payment of teachers' wages.
Sec. 9. That the amount apportioned to the school
districts of any State or Territory, or of the District
of Columbia, and certified as herein provided, shall
be paid upon the warrant of the Commissioner of
Education, countersigned by the Secretary of the
Interior, out of the Treasury of the United States,
to the State, territorial, or District treasury, or to such
officer as snail be designated by the laws of such
State, Territory, or District to receive, account for,
and pay over the same to the several school districts
entitled thereto under such apportionment, which
treasurer or officer shall be required to report, on or
before the 30ch day of June of each year, to the
Commissioner of Education, a detailed statement
of the payments made and balance in bis hands
withheld, unclaimed, or for any cause unpaid. The
term " school district," as used in this act, shall in-
clude cities, towns, parishes, or such other corpora-
tions as by law are clothed with the power of main-
taining schools. . L . L I It
Sec. 10. That in case any State or said District shall
misapply, or allowed to be misapplied, or in any
manner appropriated or used other than for the pur-
poses herein required, the funds, or any part thereof,
received under the provisions of this act, or shall
fail to comply with the conditionsherein prescribed,
or to report as herein provided through its proper
officers, the disposition thereof, such State or Ter-
ritory shall forfeit its right to any subsequent appor-
tionment by virtue hereof, until the full amount so
misapplied, lost, or misappropriated, shall have been
replaced by such State or Territory and applied as
herein required, and until such report shall have
been made; and all apportionments so forfeited and
withheld shall bo added to and become part of the
principal of the educational fund hereby created;
Provided, That the conditions herein prescribedmay
be subject to such modification or addition as Con-
gress may hereafter deem necessary for the better
accomplishment of the purposes of this act.
Sec. 11. Thatthecircuit courts of the United States
shall haveexelusive jurisdiction of all offenses com-
mitted against the provisions of this act, ana snail
have power and authority by the proper writ to
compel the performance of the duties herein required
by any officer herein mentioned, and to restrain any
undue and improper performance of saoh duties.
Mr. HEREFORD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to move an amendment.
Mr. PERCE. I object.
Mr. HEREFORD. Let it be read.
Mr. PERCE. I object.
The question was then taken upon agreeing
to the substitute moved by Mr. Coburn ; and
upon a division, there were—ayes 71, noes 87.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. COBURN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it^was decided
in the negative—yeas 67, nays 146, not voting
26 ; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Bants, Barber Jarry, Austin Blair,
Georsre M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Freeman
Clarke William T. Clarke, Cobb, Ooburn, Cotton,
Darrall. Donnan, Duoll, Farwell, Charles Foster,
Wilder D.Foster, Goodrich, Hale, farmer, George
Harris, Havens, Hays, John W. Hazleton, Hill, Hoar,
Houghton, Ketcham, Lamport,Lansing, Lowe, May-
nard. McGrrew, McKee, Morey, Morphis, Orr, Pack-
ard, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Perce, Porter,
Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Seeley, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Snapp, Snyder, Stowell, Sypher,
Thomas, Turner, Twichell, Upson, Wakeman, Wal-
lace, Wheeler, Whiteley,and Williams of Indiana—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Ambler, Arthur,
Averill, Barnum, Beatty, Beck, Beveridge, Bigby,
Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, James Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll,
Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Connor, Cox, Crebs, Cree-
ly, Critcber, Crossland, Davis, Dickey, Dox, DuBose,
I>uke, Dunnell, Eames, Edwards, Eldridge. Ely,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Forker, Henry D. Foster,
Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Getx, Go 11 ad ay, Griffith, Hal-
deman, Halsey, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harper,
John T. Harris, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazleton,
Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard,Holma.n, Hooper, Kel-
ley, Kellogg,Kerr,Killinger, King,Lamison, Le:ieh,
Lewis, Lyncb. Manson, Marshall. McClelland, Mc-
Cormick, McHenry, Mclntyre, McJunkin, McKin-
ney, McNeely, Mercur, Merriam, Merrick, Moore,
Morgan. Leonard Myers, Ncgley. Niblack, Packer,
Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Eli Perry, Peters,
Poland, Potter. Price. Randall, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Shel-
labarger, Sherwood, Sbober, Slater, Sloss, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Storm, Stoughton,
Strong, Sutherland, Swann, Taife, Terry, Dwight.
Townsend, Washington Townsend. Tuthill. Tyner,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Walden,
Waldron, Walls, Warren, Wells, Whittbornc, Wil-
lard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—146.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Archer, Bell, Bur-
chard, Dawes, De Large, Elliott, Hambleton, Ken-
dall, Kinsella, McCrary, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Monroe, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Rogers,
Scotield, Shoemaker, Slocurn, H. Boardman Smith,
R. Milton Speer. Stevenson, St. John, Williams of
New York, and John T. Wilson—26.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McCLELLAND said: My colleague,
Mr. B. F. Meyers, is paired with my other
colleague, Mr. Shoemaker.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Burchard] was rejected.
Mr. PERCE. And I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of, I think,
higher privilege than the motion of the gentle-
from Mississippi, [Mr. Harris.]
The SPEAKER. What is that?
Mr. COX. I desire to move to reconsider
all the votes which have been taken on the
amendments to the pending bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot do
business by wholesale in that way.
Mr. C OX. It has been done before.
The SPEAKER. Only by general consent;
not otherwise. The gentleman must see that
that would be evidently an unfair mode of
bringing the House to a vote. How did the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Harris] vote on
the substitute of the gentleman from Illiuoig,
[Mr. Borchard?]
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I voted on
the prevailing side. I voted ''no."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. COX. And on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. PERCE. And I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 94, noes 88.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 94, not voting
29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks. Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burehard,
Burdett, Benjamin F.
Freeman Clarke, William^. Clarke. Cobb, Co burn,
Conger, Cotton, Creely, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey,
Donnan. Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Edwards,
worth, Farwell, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Garfield, Hale, Halsey, Harmer, George E.
Hams. Hawley, Gerry W. Hazleton. John W. Hazle-
ton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Relley, Kellogg,
Ketcham, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, May-
