1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4469
touching public buildings in the city of New
York. Ihese refusals will, I trust, excuse me
for occupying a tew moments now iu advert-
ing to the subject
J bold in my hand a memorial which 1 had
the honor to present sometime ago, signed by
Edwin I). Morgan, Jackson S. Schubze, Jamea
W. Beekmao. Hoivard Potter, and John Tay-
lor Johnson, speaking not as citizens merely,
but as a committee—a committee appointed
at, a meeting of merchants and citizens of the
citv of New York, held as long ago as the 15th
day of March. This committee had statements
from the Treasury Department, statements
from the architect of the Treasury, and data
necessary to the subject. This memorial is in
the nature of a report. The honoi able Senator
from Connecticut has adverted to some of its
statements.
I would, if I could, draw the attention of
the Senate for a moment away from tne mat-
ter of condemning a site for public buildings
in Cincinnati, a measure not so much be-
clouded in reference to the power of Congress
as by the lack of necessity for it. If I could
have the attention of the Senate a moment I
would urge some of the considerations brought
to our notice showing the need of accommo
dations for the public service at the port of
New York.
The use of the barge office at that port is a
matter which Senators understand. In a few
days the Government is to be turned out of
the present building, it seems, as a tenant
under an expning lease.
The appraiser's stores, through which mer-
chandise passes from which we realize $150,-
000 000 of revenue in a jear, are not only
unfit and unsuitable, but so wauling iu accom-
modation, as the Senator from Connecticut,
experienced merchant and importer as he is,
will corroborate me in saying, that no dealer
in wares and merchandise would think of
exhibiting them or attempting to vend tnem in
such a place. Clerks who oughj to be under
the supervision of their official superiors are
colonized out, sent out into apartments here
and there because the public buildings are
inadequate.
On Wall street, the very heart of the. busi-
ness center, the Governmentowns the hui Idtng
occupied by the sab-Treasury and the building
occupied by the custom house, never designed
for such a purpose, ill-suited to it, wholly
inadequate to it.
In the presence of these facts and urged by
public emergency, at the instance of the Treas-
ury Department,, the commercial community
of tin* city of New York considered the sub-
ject. in a meeting of its merchants and business
men. They appointed a committee ot five of
the most honored and well-instructed citizens
of that, metropolis, men known to the Senate
and known to the nation ; and these citizens
weeks ago brought the matter to the attention
of the Senate. The memorial and papers were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, con-
sidered, and reported back through the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, himself as weil qualified
as any man oil this continent to express an
Opinion in regard to it,, he having lately spent
weeks in the city of New York in immediate
personal contact with the facts.
That honorable Senator over and over again,
Ceitaiuly half a score of times, although be
tells me he has never made an objection him-
self to a request of another Senator to be
heard since be has been a member of the
Senate, has appealed to the Senate to give
gome consideration to this subject and to hear
him, but he cannot get a moment, and tele-
grams fiom leading citizens of New York
come to me daily inquiring why we do not,
why we cannot, attract some attention to a
question of such magnitude. This morning
when the Senator fron Connecticut asked to
take up the bill which might be acted upon in
five minutes with propriety, and which might
be sent to the House and passed there, we t,
were told it was a Senate bill, and we must
not take up a Senate bill, and so the com-
merce of the nation and the revenues of the
nation wait while one Senator after another
interposes an objection.
Now, Mr. President, look at the facts for
one moment and see if there is any difficulty
in acting upon it, and see if '.here is any rea-
son why any Senator should object. Here are,
two buildings and sites on Wall street,, worth
upon the principle that property is worth what
it will fetch, almost anything you choose to
ask for them. Some man said in England
that a railway tunnel was excavated at the
cost of a guinea a square inch. You can sell
this laud lor more than a guinea a square inch,
or many guineas a square inch, and if you will
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to do
it, you can acquire now upon that promontory
which divides the North and East rivers and
juts out into the roadstead, the spot picked
from all others on the continent for these pub-
lic buildings. The opportunity may pass away.
Other persons may acquire it before we meet
again, and acquire it tor the purpose of ulti
uiately speculating out of the Government.
Now we are informed by the able men who
have investigated it, the time has come if we
will act when we can acquire a foothold there
and place those buildings where they ought to
be for the next ceutuiy.
Why should we not do it, and why cannot
we get live minutes of the Senate to consider
a measuie of thissort which I apprehend there
will be no difficulty in passing in the House if
we can act upon it here? I do not know why
it, is. We can find time to pass bills involving
two or three hundred dollars, meritorious nu
doubt, and which ought to be passed, hut not
to be preferred to provision by which you can
ex  cute the laws at a port upon which you rely
for one hundred and fitly millions annually of
the revenue by which the Government lives.
Mr. President, 1 have said this much ill
order that, 1 might discharge in part a duty in
lespect of which 1 am already deemed in de-
fault. I have not interposed in order to delay
action on the Cincinnati bill; and I say to the
Senator from Ohio, farthest from me, [Mr.
Thurman,] that 1 think he ill-merited the crtt
lcisni of the Senator who said that if the Con-
stitution gave foundation tor his bill he had
not demonstrated it. I listened to the Sen-
ator irom Ohio, and he made an argument
which has not been answered, and which
—pardon me—I think will not be answered
even if much time should -be given to con-
sider the bill. He made an argument which
I think placed under his bill a foundation not
only ot shadow, but. of substance.
The difficulty I have iu regard to it, so far
as 1 have any, I say to the honorable Senator
consists ill these two considerations: in the
first, I do not understand how uigent is the
need of public buildings at Cincinnati ; I-have
heaid conflicting statements on that head ; but
if there be a need I cannot understand how
there should be any difficulty in obtaining tne
assent of the owners of property to purchase
in the ordinary way. A_nd then when we con-
sider the suggestion made by some Senator
that, a portion of the fee of this property was
in minors, 1 am still unable to understand the
need of the measure before us. I have no
doubt that the statutes of Ohio are rigorous
and strict in providing the instances iu which,
and the conditions upon which minor's may
convey real estate. So they are in the State
of New York. The judge will not grant an
order that a conveyance shall be made unless
he is satisfied by petition that it is for the
inteiest of the minors to convey. I under- j
stand that; but how does that prove that you j
may not acquire property although the title is j
in infant, childieu? 1 venture to say that in [
a large portion of the instances in which the j
Government buys property for public use, if j
it is of considerable extent, some portion of ij
it belongs to the estate of a dead man repre- u
seated by those all of whom have not attained
majoiir.y. That, as 1 understand it, is all
there is of impediment in this case.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 will say to the Senator
it is very true that the statute ot Ohio does pro-
vide that, m certain cases a guardian shall be
authorized to sell the land of minors; first,
where it is absolutely necessary for ihe sup-
port of the minor; and second, a more genera!
power, butextremely guarded, where it is man-
ifestly tor the interest of the minor, and that
applies to all cases iu which there is no ob-
stacle to making the sale; but in all cases
where there is a devise of property and the
property is limited that it shall not be sold
during the minority and the like, the courts
say they cannot sell ibat property, for that
would contravene the devise.
Mr. CONKLING. How is that? Will the
Senator s'ate it again ?
Mr. 1'HUltMAN, For instance, a mail dies
and leaves certain real estate for the support
ot his minor heirs; for example, storehouses
at, rent and the like, with a provision that the
property shall not be sold before they come of
age. Our courts have held that Uie probate
court cannot authorize on the petition of the
guardian the sale of that property, for that
would contravene the devise.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any such case
presented here?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know,
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know; but
somebody knows. A specific piece of prop-
erty spoken of, as 1 understand iu tin- r. port
to which the Senator from New ,ler.-ey alluued.
If a devisor has vested I he title in a trustee
without power of sale until minors attaint
majority, that is a substantive fact which we
ought to have before us. I think there would
be an answer even then, as a matter of law,
but I will assume there would not be. We
have no knowledge of any such thing. All
that has been suggested to us is that minor
children hold a part of the fee winch the Gov-
ernment want3 io acquire. Now, uuleis the
statutes and the administration of those stat-
in es are wholly different in Ohio and New
York, I cannot undeistand any practical diffi-
culty in getting at th# result; and I repeat my
belief that we may find frequent cases iu
which the Government has purchased and
received releases or conveyances from minor
or infant children by appointed guardians or
trustees.
But, 1 will not discuss this bill. Although
it has not been considered a-t fully as such a
matter should be, if 1 were Called upon to pro-
nounce judgment now upon the eonstittitioual
question, I cannot doubt the power of the
Government to obtain ownership of the soil—■
I choose this expression as excluding the mat-
ter ot jurisdiction—the ownership of the prop-
erty upon which to locate a building for any
of the purposes authorized by the Consti-
tution.
The Senator from Ohio says to deny it is to
deny the right, of the Government to lea->e a
building, i'o be sure it is. To rent a budd-
ing is to make a purchase; and some Senator
suggested that we met, that provision ot the
Constitution which relates to jurisdiction. If
this be so the United States cannot litre a
third-story room for an assessor or collector
of internal revenue to sit in and keep his books
unless ihe State ot' New York, if that be ihe
place where it is located, gives its assent. I
do not believe any such thing
If you want to make a city of refuge, if you
want to make a dock-yard or arsenal inside
of which a homicide done in the Siate of New
York is a etime against the Federal jurisdic-
tion alone, a crime wh'Ch the State of New
York cannot invade that sanctuary to punish,
then you have need to go to other provisions
of the Constitution ; but if you merely want u
place for the Government of the United States
io lay its head, if jou merely want a place
where it may put a chair and table and sit
