1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3573
zens of the State of New York, praying that
iidward Jivans be allowed to change the regis-
try of the tag Noah P. Sprague ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce*
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Mrs
Frances C. Elliott, widow of Commodore
Jesse D. Elliott, praying the restoration of
her pension ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
_ He also presented eight petitions from the
judges, district attorneys, and other officers of
the United States courts in Illinois, Louisiana,
Maryland, Ohio, Missouri, and Pennsylvania,
asking for an increase of pay to the criers and
bailiffs of those courts ; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
late soldiers and sailors of the United States
volunteer Army and Navy, praying that indus-
trial homes and training schools be established
for the orphans of soldiers and sailors who
served the United States during the war of
the rebellion; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. COLE presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of California, in favor of a
sufficient appropriation to enable the respect-
ive Departments to proceed forthwith in com-
mencing the construction of such forts, bat-
teries, and other works of coast defense as
may be required for the proper and efficient
protection of the harbor and cityof San Diego ;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of the application
now before the Congress of the United States
for an increase of the ocean mail steamship
service between San Francisco and Japan and
China from a monthly to a fortnightly service,
and an appropriation of $1,000,000 in sopport
thereof; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California against reducing the duty
on chiccory flour imported from foreign coun-
tries, thereby protecting home production and
manufacture; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, asking Congress to reim-
burse the preemption settlers on the land
known as the Soseol Banche, lying in the
counties of Napa and Solano in that State,
for expenses incurred in surveying Govern-
ment lands and erecting buildings thereon in
defending their rights against the claim of M.
G. Vallejo ; which was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, asking Congress to reserve
public lands in California for actual settlers
only, under the homestead and preemption
laws, and for a more rapid extension of the
surveys of public lands in that State; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PRINTING OF BILLS.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 1096) for the relief
of Joseph Nock, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims, and the bill (S. No. 1116) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to purchase a site and
erect a building to be used as a marine hospital in
Sioux City, Iowa, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, be printed for the use of the
Senate.
KEPOKTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Margaret Nelson, praying to be
allowed a pension, to report a bill granting
her a pension, with the statement that the case
was rejected at the Pension Office for want of
evidence sufficient to satisfy the office that this
soldier, who was a one-armed man, and had
an amputation, died in consequence of tliat
wound. Although the evidence probably jus-
tified the Pension Office in rejecting it, we are
satisfied from the circumstances altogether
that he did die of that pound, and therefore
recommend the passage of the bill.
Ihe bill (S. No. 1119) granting a pension to
Margaret Nelson was read, and passed to the
second reading.
Mr: from the Committee on Mili
DryN7 3' to wk°m was referred the bill (H,
li. No. 1272) to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish and to protect national ceme-
teries," approved February 22, 1869, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
John Dunsmoor and Ephraim Putnam, sol-
diers in the war of 1812, praying for a pen-
sion, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Nathaniel J. Beach-
ley, of Bridgeport, Indiana, praying the pas-
sage of aspecial act granting $350 for hisrelief,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No, 2412) grant-
ing a pension to Helen M. Smith, reported
adversely thereon, and recommended its in
definite postponement.
Mr._ SHERMAN. I should like to have
that bill placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 13!)!)) for the relief of Chester
C. Tolman, have directed me to report it back
without amendment, and recommend its pas-
sage. The case is one in which Tolman made
an application to the Commissioner of Patents
for an extension of his patent, but his papers
in transmission by mail to Washington were
lost and never reached the Patent Office.
Without, therefore, any fault of his own, he
failed of obtaining the opportunity which the
law gives him for applying lor an extension, and
this bill gives him authority to apply.
_ Mr. PiiATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2416) granting a pension to Andrew Reir-
fort, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 2418) grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Nancy E. Pugh, report-
ed it without amendment, and submitted a re-
port thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 59!)) granting a
pension to Julia Belle Dunlap, reported it
with an amendment, and submitted a report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1100) to repeal certain provisions ofthe
laws of the United States relating to advance-
ment in the Navy, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to
print the report of the Secretary of War, com
municating the report ofthe inspectors of the
national cemeteries, reported in favor of the
motion to print; and it was agreed to.
PENITENTIARY CONGRESS REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a House resolution
to print extra copies of the preliminary report
of the commissioner of the United States to
the penitentiary congress, have instructed me
to report it back and recommend its passage.
I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was
considered and concurred in, as follows -.
Revolved by the Rome of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That thore be printed five thousand
Af ?£« tt P5°jig nary report 0f the com-
missioner of the United States to the international
!m ytConsresi. of JjOI>don, with accompany-
ing documents, one thousand copies to befor tlio use
™ i nn ?! ' A J.hou?an<J for the use of the House,
and one thousand tor the State Department.
REPORT OP INDIAN COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the House resolution to
print additional copies of the report of the
board of Indian com missioners, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment: and
I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was
considered and concurred in, as follows:
llesolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) Tliat thero bo printed Bve thousand
extra copies of tho report of the board of Indian
commissioners for 1871, of which thirty-five hun-
dred copies shall be for the use of the House, and
fifteen hundred copies for the uso of the Senate.
DARIKN EXPEDITION REPORTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee,
to whom was referred a resolution to print
additional copies of Captain Selfridge's report
of the survey of the Isthmus of Darien, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. I ask for
its present consideration.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to, as follows:
t Resolved, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) that thpvo bo printed in quarto form seven
thousand additional oopios of tho report find accom-
panying maps of theBarien survey.expeduion, of
which two thousand copies shall bo for the use of
tho Somite, four thousand oopios for tho uso of the
llouse, and ono thousand cop'ies for the use of the
Secretary of tho Navy.
MARY ANN MONTGOMERY VETO,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the message of the_ President of the United
States, returning, with his objections and with-
out his approval, Senate bill No. 955, grant-
ing a pension to Mary Ann Montgomery,
widow of William W. Montgomery, late cap-
tain Texas volunteers, togeihcr w'ith the bill,
to report back the message and the bill with
a recommendation that the bill pass notwith-
standing the objection of the President of the
United States ; and as it is a very simple mat-
ter, and I presume will meet no objection from
the Senate when I explain it in a minute, I
ask for its present consideration.
The VICE PRES1 DENT. By the Consti-
tution the Chair thinks it is entitled to imme-
diate consideration. The Senator from Ver-
mont reports back the veto message of the
President on a pension bill, with the report
of the Committee on Pensions recommending
that the bill do pass notwithstanding the Pres-
ident's objections. It is now before the Sen-
ate under the Constitution. The question is,
will the Senate on reconsideration agree to
the passage of this bill, the objections of the
President to the contrary notwithstanding?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will slate, in a single
word almost, precisely what the point is. Mrs.
Montgomery is the widow of William W.
Montgomery, who received from General But-
ler while at New Orleans the provisional com-
mission of a captain, not of course legally
binding, to raise volunteers in Texas. This
gentleman went to Texas for that purpose and
did good service. He was seized one night by
a gang of rebels and carried out of the town
and hung. We passed a bill giving her the
pension as the widow of a captain, although in a
strict legal sense, of course, he was not a cap-
tain within the pension laws ; but we thought
he fell within the equity of them. She also
had sundry young children under the ago of
sixteen years. Under existing laws the Pen-
sion Office hold that if you name the sum
when you pass a special act fora widow which
she is to have, then they will not allow any-
thing for the children. If you name her as
entitled to a pension at a particular grade
which by law she would not be entitled to, as
the person does not appear on the rolls as
