1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1781
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that the pro-
posed amendment may be read now.
Mr. KELLEY. I demand the previous
question.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 54, noes 55, no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kelley and
Mr. Beatty were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 54.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio, and Mr. AMBLER
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to be informed
whether, if this proposition be voted down, the
bill will then be open for amendment?
The SPEAKER. If the main question be
not ordered, of course the seconding of the
previous question will fall.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 71, not vot-
ing 67 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Averili,
Barnum, Beck, Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright,George M.Brooks, Buffinton, Cald-
well, Campbell, William T. Clark, Cobb, Comingo,
Conger, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Critcher,
Crocker, Grassland, Davis, Dox, Duke, Bunnell,
Bldredge, Eorker, Frye, Garrett, Setz, Golladay,
Griffith, Haldeman, Handley, Hanks, Harmer, Har-
per, John T. Harris, Herndon, Holman, Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Kendall, Kerr, Leach, Lewis,
Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McHenry, Meln-
tyre, McJunkin, McKmney, McNcely, Morgan,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Niblaek. Packard. Packer,
Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Eli Perry, Peters, Po-
land, llandall, Read, John M. Bice, Ritchie, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Rogers, Seeley, Sheldon, Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Snapp, R. Milton
Sneer, Thomas J. Speer, Stevens, Swann, Sypher,
Terry, Tuthill, Twichell, Van Trump, Waddell,
Walden, Waldron, Warren, Whitthorne, Williams
of Indiana, Williams of New York, Winchester, and
YNAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Beatty, Austin
Blair, Burehard, Burdett, Freeman Clarke, Coburn,
Cotton, Darrall, Donnan, EamesJB arnsworth, Js mk-
elnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield,
Havens, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
John W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Killinger, King, Lowe,
Maynard, McCormick, McGrew, Mercur, Merriam,
Monroe, Moore, Morey, Orr, Isaac 0. Parker, Peek,
Pendleton, Perce, Aaron P. Perry, Piatt, Pot-
ter Prindle, Edward Y. Rice, Mlis II. Roberts,
Sargent, Sawyer, Seofteld, Sessions, Shanks, bhoe-
maker, John A. Smith, Sprague Stevenson, Storm,
Stoughton. Strong, ThomasWashington Townsend,
Turner, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Wells, Wheeler,
Wliiteley, WiUard, Jeremiah M. Wilson John I.
Wilson, and Wood—71. r> 1
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Banks,
Barry, Bell, Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Boles, James
Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin 1<. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Carroll, Coghlan .Dawes, De Large. Dickey,
Du Bose, Duell, Elliott, Ely, Harwell, Heniy D. Fos-
ter, Goodrich, Hale, Halsey, llambleton, Hancock,
George E. Harris, Hereford, Hill, Hoar, Keilo^g,
Iietcham, Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing,
Lynch. McCrary.McKee, Merrick, Benjamin j?. Mey-
ers, Mitchell, Morphis, Porter, Price, Rainey, Robin-
son, Roosevelt. Rusk, Shellabargcr. Sloss, H. Board-
man Smith, AVorthingtonC. Smith, bnjder, ktark-
wf*TtVif r Stowell. St. John, Sutherland, J.aiie,
Dwight'Townsend, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wallace,
and W alls—67.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
message prom the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. sympsoif, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a concurrent
resolution that there be printed ten thousand
copies of the report and testimony taken betore
the Senate .Committee on Investigation and
Retrenchment in regard to alleged abuses in
the New York custom-house, lour thousand
of which shall be for the use of the Senate,
and six thousand for the use of the House;
and twenty thousand copies of the report, ex-
clusive of the testimony, eight thousand ot
which shall be for the use of the Senate ana
twelve thousand for the House; m which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 790) to extend the pro-
visions of an act entitled "An act for the relief
of certain purchasers of lands from the legal
representatives of Bartholomew Cousin, ap-
proved February 13, 1871, and a bill (S. No.
823) to cancel a certain deed to the United
States; in which the concurrence of the House
was also requested.
congressional debates.
The House resumed the consideration of
Senate bill No. 681, concerning the publica-
tion of the debates.
Mr. BEATTY. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the following 
The SPEAKER. The House is acting
under a suspension of the rales now, and the
Chair cannot entertain another motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. STEVENSON. Was not the motion to
take this up for consideration?
The SPEAKER. The motion was to sus-
pend the rules to take it up, and proceed to
consider it. The House, therefore, is now act-
ing under that suspension of the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And must we con-
tinue to consider it to the exclusion of every-
thing else?
The SPEAKER. It must be considered,
and, if the House should adjourn, it would
go over as unfinished business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot any other
motion to suspend the rules be entertained?
TheSPEAKER. Not while this bill ispend-
ing. It could be postponed or any other like
motion made; but no other motion to suspend
the rules could be entertained until this is dis-
posed of, because the House has just suspended
the rules for the purpose of considering this
bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move, then, that
the House do now adjourn, and on that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 61, nays 118, not voting
71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Barber, Beatty,
Bird, Austin Blair, Buckley, Burehard, Crebs, Don-
nan Du Bose, Farnsworth, Fiukclnburg, Charles
Foster, WilderD. Foster, Garrett, Haldeman, Hanks,
Ilawley, Hay, Herndon, Lowe, Maynard, McCor-
mick, McGrew, Merriam, Monroe, Orr, Isaac t. Par-
ker, Pendleton, Peroe, Aaron F.Perry, Prindle, Mlis
H. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Soofield, Sessions,
Shoemaker, Slocum, Sprague, Stevenson, Strong,
Thomas, Turner, Tyner, Upson, Wells, Whitthorne,
WiUard, and John T. Wilson-51.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Averili,
Barnum, Bigby,Bingham, J ames G. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, Buffinton, Burdett, Caldwell, Campbell,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Comingo, Conger,
Conner, Cox, Creely. Critcher, Crocker, Crossland,
Davis, Dawes, Dox, Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Barnes,
Eldredge, Frye, Garfield, Geta, Golladay, Griffith,
Hancock, Handley, Harmer, Harper, John J-- Har-
ris, Havens, John W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Hoar,
Holman, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kendall, Kerr,
Killinger, King, Lamport, Leach, Lewis, Manson,
Marshall. McClelland, McHenry, McXntyre, Mc-
Junkin, McKimiey, Mercur, Moore, Morey, Mor-
gan, Leonard Myers, Negley. Niblack, Packard,
Packer. Palmer, Peek El Perry, Peters, Piatt,
Poland, Potter, Randall, Read, Mward Y. IUce,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, William II. Roberts, bar-
gent,Sawyer. Seeley, Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood,
Shober, Slater, Sloss, John A. Smith, Snyder, R.
Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Stevens, Stoughton,
Swann, Taffe, Terry, WashingtonTownsend. Tuthill,
Twichell Van Trump, Waddell, Walden, Waldron,
Warren, Wheeler, Williams of Indiana, Williams
of New York, Winchester, and Young—118.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Banks, Barry,
Beck, Bell, Beveridge, Biggs,. Boles. George M.
Brooks, James Brooks, Benjamin I .Butler, Roder-
ick R. Butler, Carroll, William 1. Clark, Cogblan,
Cotton, Darrall, De Large, Dickey, Elliott, Lly, Har-
well Forker, Henry D. Foster, Goodrich, Hale, Hal-
sey 'llambleton, George K Harris, Haj'S, Gerr.v W.
Ilazelton Hereford, Hill, Kellogg, Ketcham, lyn-
sella, Lamison, Lansing, Lynch, McCrary, McKee,
McNeely Merrick, Benjamin 1. Meyers, Mitchell,
Morphis! Hosea W. Parker, Porter, Price, Ramey,
Rooseveit, Rusk, Shellabargcr, H. Boardman Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Starkweather, Storm,
Stowell! St. John, Sutherland, Sypher, Dwight
Townsend, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wakeman, Wal-
lace, Walls, Whiteley, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Wood—71.
So the House refused to adjourn.
'Ae question recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous conseut
to submit the proposition made by the pub-
lishers of the Globe to the Senate, and ap-
proved by the Senate committee, and to ask
that it be printed in the Globe as a part of my
remarks.
Mr. BEATTY. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object, too ; you
would not allow us to offer an amendment.
The bill was again read.
The SPEAKER. The question Is, Shall
this bill be read a third time?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it in order to
move to refer the bill to a committee ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, since the House
is now acting under the operation of the pre-
vious question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move that
the bill be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
The question being put on the motion to lay
the bill on the table, there were—ayes 49,
noes 79.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 64, nays 108, not voting
68; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Beatty, Beve-
ridge, Austin Blair, Burehard, Burdett. Benjamin F.
Butler, Coburn, Coghlan, Cotton, Darrall, Donnan,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder
D. Foster, Garfield, Havens, Hay, Gerry W. Haz'el-
ton, Hibbard, Ketcham, Killinger, King, Lowe, May-
nard, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, Mercur, Mer-
riam, Morey, Orr, Isaac C. Parker, Peek, Perce,
Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Prindle, Edward Y. Rice,
Ellis H. Roberts, Sargent, Sawyer, Soofield, Ses-
sions, Shanks. Shoemaker. Snyder,. Sprague, Steven-
son, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, Washington Town-
send, Tyncr, Upson, Wakeman, Wells, Wheeler,
WiUard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Wood-64.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Averili, Barnum, Beck, Bingham, Bird, James G-.
Blair, Braxton, Bright, George M. Brooks. Buckley.
Buffinton, Caldwell, Campbell, William T.-Clark,
Cobb, Conger, Conner, Critcher, Crossland, Davis,
Dawes, Dickey, Du Bose, Duke, Dunnell, Eames,
Forker, Henry 1). Foster, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Golla-
day, Haldeman, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Har-
mer,Harper, George ii. Harris, John T.Harns, John
W. Hazelton, Herndon, Hour, Holman, Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Kendall, Korr, Lamport, Leach,
Lewis, Lynch, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, Mc-
Henry, Mclntyre, McJunkin, McKmney, Morgan,
Leonard Myers, Negley. Niblack, Packard, Palmer,
Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Peters, Poland, Ran-
dall, Bead, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Rob-
erts, Robinson, Rogers, Seeley, Sheldon. Sherwood,
Shober, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Snapp, R. Milfcon
Speer, Stevens, Sutherland, Swann, Taffe, Terry,
Thomas, Tuthill, Twichell, Van Trump, Waddell,
Walden, Waldron, Warren, Whitthorne, Williams
of Indiana, WilliamsofNew ¥ork, Winchester, and
Young—108. _ _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry,Bell.
Bigby, Biggs, Boles, James Brooks, Roderick R.
Butler, Carroll, Freeman Clarke, Comingo, Cox,
Crebs, Creely, Crocker, De Largo, Dox, Duell, &ld-
redge, Elliott. Ely, Farwell, Goodrich, Griffith, Hale,
Halsey, llambleton, Hawley, Hays, Herelord, Hill,
Kellogg, Kinsella, Lamison, Lansmg, McKoe, Mc-
Neely, Merrick, Benjamin £. Meyers, Mitchell,
Monroe, Moore, Morphis, Packer, Lh Perry, Por-
ter, Potter, Price, Ramey, Roosevelt, Rusk, bhel-
labarger, XI. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Stark-
weather, Storm, St. John, Sypher, Dwight Town-
send. Turner, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wallace, Wails,
and Whiteley—68.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to make an inquiry
in regard to the position of this bill. Is ifc
now under the operation of the previous ques-
tion?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. NIBLACK. Then if we adjourn now
will not the bill come up as the first thing
to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. If the House should now
adjourn, it will come up to-morrow as unfin-
ished business, and must remain before the
House to the exclusion of all other business
until disposed of.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. AMBLEB. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
to permit me now to introduce an amendment
to limit the operation of the bill to the present
