886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
card, MoGh-ew, McJunkin, McKee, Mereur, Mer-
riam, Monroe, Moore. Morey, Morphia, Leonard
Myers, Negiey, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac
C. Parker. Peck. Pendleton, Perce, Aarou F. Perry,
Poland, Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis M. Roberts,
Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, John A. Smith,
Wortbington C. Smith, Snapp, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong,
Sypber, Taffe, Thomas, Washington 'l'ownsend. Tur-
ner, Twichell. Tynor, Upson, VVakeman, Wallace,
Walls, Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, aud John T. Wilson—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Bamum,
Beck, Bird, James <i. Blair, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks, Caldwell. Campbell, Carroll, Coghlan, Com-
ingo, Conner, Crebs Critcher, Crossland, I)avis, l>os:,
DuBose. Duke. Eldridge, Ely, Finkelnbarg, For-
ker, Henry D. Foster, (Sarrett, (ictz, Golladay, Grif-
fith, Haldeman, Hancock, llandley, Hanks, Har-
per, John T. Harris, Hay, Hereford, Herndon. Hib-
bard, Holman, Kerr, King, Lamison, Loach, Lewis,
Hanson, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, Mc-
Henry, Mclntyro, MeKinney, McNooly, Morgan,
Niblack. Uosea W. Parker, lili Perry, Petors, Pot-
ter, Price, Randall, Head, JSdward Y. ltice, JohnM.
R-ice, Ritchie, William 11, Koberts, Robinson,
Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Sloss. Stevens,
Storm, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Dwight Town-
send, Tuthi'U, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorliees,
Waddell, Walden, Waldron, Warron, AVells, Whit-
thorne, Winchester, Wood, and Young—91.
NOT VOTING—Messrs, Ames, Archer, Boll,
Austin Blair, Cox, De Largo, Elliott, Goodrich, Ilam-
bleton, Havons, Hays. Kondall, Killingor, Kmsolla,
MoCrary, Merrick, Benjamin P. Meyers, Mitchell,
Piatt, Rogers, Sooflcld, Shoemaker, II. Boardman
Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Spoor, Starkwoather, St.
John, Wheeler, and Williams of New York—29.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the announcement of the result of
the vote,
contested election—cessna vs. meyers.
Mr. HOAR, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, presented a report in the contested-
election case of Cessna V3. Mayers, from the
sixteenth congressional district of Pennsylva-
nia, accompanied by the following resolution:
Ueaolved, ThatBisxjAMiN F. Meyers is entitled to
rotain the seat which he now holds as Representative
from the sixteenth congressional district of Penn-
sylvania.
On motion of Mr. HOAR, the report was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
The result of the vote on the motion to
adjourn was then announced as above recorded.
And accordingly (at four o'clock and forty
minutes p. ra,,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr, AMBLER,: The memorial of J. W.
Gillespie, publisher of the Weekly Local, a
newspaperpublished at Alliance, Starlc county,
Ohio, praying thatregular publishers and deal-
ers in newspapers may receive in bulk through
the mail papers printed in whole or in part,
and pay the postage thereon as received, at
pame rates as regular subscribers to publica-
tions weighing four ounces, who pay quarterly
in advance.
Also, the memorial of Abraham Palmer, of
Smithfield, Jefferson county, Ohio, praying to
have refunded to him commutation money and
fines which he was compelled to pay because
of his being illegally drafted into the military
service of the United States, on June 10,1864.
By Mr. BECK: The petition aud accom-
panying papers of James M. Hanks, admin-
istrator of John F. Hanks, deceased, of the
State of Arkansas, praying the restitution of
a sum of money and interest, which is now
withheld from the estate of the decedent by
the Government of the United States.
By Mr. BIGGS: The memorial of D. H.
Egbert, William Dean, and others, citizens
of the State of Delaware, praying an appro-
priation to improve the navigation of Chris-
tiana river, from the village of Newport, on
said river, to the town of Christiana.
_ By Mr. COTTON : The petition of sundry
citizens of the State of Iowa, prayiug the es-
tablishment of a post route from Center Junc-
tion, via Madison, to Hale, in said State.
By Mr. COX: The petition of the National
Bureau of Migration, of which Horace Greeley
is president, and Samuel R. Wells secretary,
consisting of fifty directors, including seven-
teen editors of as many newspaper publications,
repiesentative men of nine different railroads
having extensive land grants, and of eleven
different States and Territories, for the incor-
poration of the bureau by act of Congress, and
in connection therewith a national emigrant
savings bank, loan, and trust company.
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of Homer
Foote and others, praying the abolition of
moieties to informers.
By Mr. FORKER: The petition of Charles
Hewitt, Robert Aikin, William Keegan, and
others, citizens of Trenton, New Jersey,
remonstrating against a change of the exist-
ing tariff laws abating or abolishing duties on
such articles as are successfully produced in
this country, and for the repeal of all duties
upon tea, coffee, and such, other articles of
necessity or comfort as cannot be produced in
the United States.
By Mr. HALSEY: Concurrent resolutions
of the New Jersey Legislature asking Congress
to appropriate $15,000 to remove obstructions
from the Delaware river.
Also, concurrent resolutions of the New
Jersey Legislature in favor of a public build-
ing at Trenton for the proper accommodation
of the post office, United States courts, &c.
Also, the remonstrance of 70 workers in
the steel-works of James R. Thompson & Co.,
Jersey City, New Jersey, against abating or
abolishing the duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of James
P. Chew, publisher of the Lawrenceburgh (In-
diana) Press, praying more equitable postage
on newspapers and periodicals, wholly or in
part printed, when sent to regular publishers.
By Mr. KELLEY: The memorial of Cyrus
Pierce and others, citizens of Bristol, Pennsyl-
vania, asking an amendment of the Constitu-
tion providing that no person shall hereafter be
eligible to any Federal office who is addicted to
the use of intoxicating liquors as a beverage.
Also, the remonstrance of the type-founders
of New York, against the reduction of the duty
on type.
Also, the remonstrance of the operatives in
the bolt-works of Hooper & Townsend, against
a change of the tariff abating or repealing
duties on such articles as are produced in this
country.
Also, the remonstrance of Henry Berry and
75 others, workers in the Glen Echo carpet-
mills, of Germanfcown, Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, against a change in the tariff laws
abating duties on articles successfully pro-
duced in this country, urged by the Free-Trado
League, and praying the repeal of all duties on
tea, coffee, and such other articles as cannot
be produced "in the United States, and also
such an adjustment of duties as will encourage
and defend every home industry and foster the
honor and interests of the American laborer.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Tread-
well S. Ayres, for relief.
By Mr. McGREW: The petition of J. R,
Morgan, of Gerardstown, West Virginia, ask-
ing a modification of section one hundred
and sixty-two of the revised codification of
the postal laws.
Also, the petition of Drusy A. Layman, of
Marion county, West Virginia, for an increase
of pension to her minor children.
By Mr. McJUNKIN: The petition of
Charles Hoffman, of Saxonburg, Pennsyl-
vania, late a second lieutenant in the seventy-
eighth regiment Pennsylvania infantry volun-
teers, for relief, &c.
By Mr. MORGAN: The memorial of W. E.
Beebe, of Mount Gilead, Ohio, praying Con-
gress to grant equal privileges to the local press
with those granted to metropolitan journals.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of Rodney
C. Barker, for reimbursement for money ex-
pended in behalf of a wounded soldier.
By Mr. PL ATT: The petition of Baxter,
Nash & Co., William T. Harrison & Co., and
others, citizens of Norfolk, Virginia, for a
uniform rate of duty on sugars.
By Mr. IiAINEY: A concurrent resolution
of the Legislature of South Carolina, praying
the continuance of the protective duty on rice.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of Bleme-
hard & Arnold and 70 others, citizens of
Depere, Wisconsin, remonstrating against a
ohangeof the existing tariff laws upon articles
successfully produced in this country.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The memorial and peti-
tion of General R-- R. Daws and 51 others,
workers in the Marietta, Ohio, iron-works,
remonstrating against the repeal or abatement
of tariff duties on articles which can be suc-
cessfully produced in this country.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER : The petition
of Luke C. Reynolds, for a pension.
By Mr. TWICHELL : The petition of
Thomas Gogins and others, of South Boston,
in relation toappointments, and removals from
public offices, salaries, peiquisites, moieties,
&c., and seizure of private books and papers.
By Mr, WALDRON : The petition off. S.
Andrews, of Haddon, Michigan, asking that
section one hundred and sixty-two of the postal
laws be so amended as to allow newspapers in
part printed to be carried by mail to the pub-
lishers at the same rates as are charged to reg-
ular subscribers for publications weighing four
ounces.
By Mr. WALLACE: A joint resolution of
the Legislature of South Carolina, asking that
the duty on rice be not repealed.
post route bill introduced.
The following bill was introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. COTTON : A bill to establish a post
road.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 8, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
iiocsk bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1329) removing the
political disabilities of L. A. Sypert, Luke
Trafton, A. J. Sisk, and John Couch, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a me-
morial of the Legislature of the State of Wis-
consin in favor of the renewal of the grant to
aid in the construction of a railroad from St.
Croix river or lake to the west end of Lake
Superior and to Bayfield; which was ordered
to lie on the tables, and bo printed.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of John
W. Stevenson and one hundred others, of
Wilkesbarre, Pennsylvania, praying the pas-
sage of the supplementary civil rights bill ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the peti-
tion of Josephine S. Griffing, of the District
of Columbia, a lady of great worth, who has
done much for the poor, especially for the
f'reedmen of this District, setting forth her
services and asking some compensation. In
aid of this petition is a petition of Dr. Purvis,
and also of Judge Fisher, A. G. Riddle, and
a large number of others of the best people
of the District. I move that these petitions
and the accompanying papers be referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a memorial
of Frederick A. Hill and others, citizens of
New Hampshire, praying to be indemnified
for spoliations committed by the French, prior
