1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
to the year 1801 ; which was ordered to lie on j
the table. , . '
Mr. WRIGHT presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa in relation to water
communication between the Mississippi river
and Lake Michigan, by way of the Wisconsin
and Fox rivers; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
^He^aiso presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa relating to the terminus
of the Union Pacific railroad, and the viola-
tion of its charter by the action of said com-
pany ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed. ...
Mr. WRIGHT. I present also a joint rebo-
lution of the Legislature of the State of Iowa
asking an increase of pension for Charlotte
Crocker, widow of General Marcellus M.
Crocker. I move that it be printed and re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions, and I
desire to say to the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Pensions that I regard this as a most
meritorious case, and I ask for it the earliest
and most favorable attention.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a peti-
tion-of James W. Fales and others, soldiers
of the United States Army citizens of Michigan,
praying that a bounty of S8 33^ a month be
granted to all honorably discharged soldiers
and- sailors for the entire term served, aud that
au amendment be made to the twenty-filth
section of the act approved July 15, 1870,
so as to permit soldiers or sailors to enter the
amount of land therein allowed without the
requirements of settlement and cultivation ;
which was referred to the Committee oil
Military Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM presented a petition of
Andrew Crooker and others, late soldiers and
sailors of the United States Army and Navy,
requesting Congress so to modify the home-
stead law of 20th of May, 1862, and the act?
amendatory thereof, that the time which the
soldier or sailor served in the Army or Navy
of the United States during the war of the
rebellion, after two years' actual residence
upon his homestead, may be deducted from
the term of five years' residence wliich the act
now requires before he can acquire title thereto;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
He also presented a petition of Alexander
Lynch and others, late soldiers of the United
States Army, praying that the homestead law
be so amended that the time which the soldier
or sailor served in the Army, after two years'
actual residence upon his homestead, may be
deducted from the term of five years' resi-
dence; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of Seth Weeks
and others, late soldiers of the United States
Army, and citizens of Pennsylvania, praying
that the homestead law be so amended that
the time which the soldier or sailor served in
the Army, after two years' actual residence
upon his homestead, may be deducted from
the term of five years' residence required by
law; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a memorial
of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of
the equalization of bounties to soldiers and
sailors who served in the late war; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
the Legislature of Minnesota, asking for an
appropriation to aid in the improvement of
tue harbor of Duluth, in the State of Minne-
sota; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of
William T. Euatis, of Boston, setting forth
that he presented a petition at the last Con-
gress relative to assistance given to a Rhode
Island brigade in the Revolution. Ho requests
that this petition, with the papers accom-
panying the petition of last year, be referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. I
move that that order be made.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have been charged with
the presentation of three memorials from the
State of Maine—one from the city of Portland,
one from the town of Bridgeton, and the other
embracing towns in various sections of the
State—all of a similar character, asking for
legislation on the following subjects: first,
appointments to and removals from public
offices; second, salaries, perquisites, and
moieties of public officers; third, seizures of
private books and papers. There have been
sundry memorials, I believe, presented by
other Senators, of a like character. I move
that these memorials be received aud referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I present a similar
memorial, signed by Field & Wheeling, John
Nazro & Co., Smith, Chandler & Co., Blair &
Persons, and fifty-five others, business men
and prominent business firms of Milwaukee;
and I desire simply to say on this subject,
which I understand is the real grievance com-
plained of, the seizure of private books and
papers, that I think Congress should turn its
attention to that subject at an early day. I
believe our revenue laws are more oppressive
than there is any earthly necessity for, and
that they are exceedingly grievous and bur-
densome in their operation upon the people.
I move the reference of this memorial to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to state what I
omitted before, that the memorials 1 presented
from my own State are signed by many of the
mostr worthy and intelligent merchants of the
State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a similar peti-
tion from the city of Chicago, which is signed
by fifty of the principal business firms and
business men of that city. I entirely concur
in what the Senator from Wisconsin has said,
and think we should do more than simply
correct the abuses arising from seizures, that
we should reform in some way the system of
appointments, as the memorialists pray that
I we should adopt some rules and regulations
. in regard to appointments aud removals from
! office, and also in reference to salaries, per-
I quisites, and moieties, as well as in regard to
! the seizures of books and papers. I move
! the refereuce of the petition to the Com-
i mittee on the Judiciary.
j Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish this matter
i to pass from the attention of the Senate on the
1 observations of my friends from Wisconsin and
j Illinois with a wholesale and apparently unani-
! mons condemnation of the existing jaws on the
j subject of seizures. If yon are going to have
i a revenue obtained by the imposition of duties
i upon goods, if you are to protect honest mi-
I porters, you must detect dishonest ones, and
' if you are to do that, you must employ the usual
j machinery and the indispensable machinery of
' seizing their goods when there is just ground
' of suspicion, and seizing their books and papers
' which are supposed to be fraudulent in order
to try the question: and the law now provides
' that it is only upon judicial process that these
I seizures of papers and books can be made; an
order issued by a judge upon affidavit. It is
:! unquestionably true that in the thousands of
cases that arise, some, perhaps many, are
!l unjust seizures. It is equelly true, m the
thousands of indictments uudpr State laws
that arise, seizures of liquor, if yon please,
and manv other tilings in the administration
of criminal jurisprudence, that a great many
abuses, injuries, and wrongs occur; but tliat
. is inherent in the nature oi society, I hope,
i therefore, we shall not at once condemn the
! laws for encouraging honest importing.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to corroborate every
single word that the Senator from Vermont
has uttered. It is a very important question
beyond a doubt. The law as it now stands is
open and subject to abuse. There can be no
doubt upon that point; but if we wish to pro-
tect honest importers, there must be an ade-
quate power lodged somewhere for the purpose
of following up and ascertaining who are the
dishonest importers, aud it is a question about
which the Judiciary Committee, when they
investigate it. will find that there is a great
deal to be said on both sides. That tliispower
may be sometimes abused is undoubtedly true;
but I wish to state one fact for the considera-
tion of the Senate: while I administered the
revenues at the port of Boston, for thirteen
months, I made a seizure of papers in no case
of which I now recollect where they did not
lead to a detection of violations of the revenue
laws—not one. I will add that the books and
papers of some merchants were seized and
taken possession of who sustained as high
reputation as any in the mercantile community.
It is not, therefore, a question whieh has its
rights and equities all on one side. While I
say that, I think there are limitations which
may and ought to be placed upon the present
law which will perhaps protect the honest im-
porter. If, however, we go to the extent of
removing all power to seize evidence which
may exist of dishonest importations, in my
judgment yon will do more mischief to the
community and incur more loss than even the
present law may produce.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate that by the twenty-fourth
rule this petition has been referred of course
without putting a question for that purpose,
the reference of it not having been objected to
by any Senator at the time the petition was
presented. It is, therefore, now in possession
of the Committee on the Judiciary, and this
debate has progressed by unanimous consent.
The Senator from New York desires to address
the Senate.
Mr. FENTON. I ask unanimous consent
to say a word.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rose before the paper
left the hands of the Senator from Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont, however, did not object. The rule
states that—
"Every petition, or memorial, or other paper,
shall be referred, of course, without putting a ques-
tion for that purpose, unless tho referenoe is objected
to by a Senator at the time such petition, memorial,
or other paper is presented."
Therefore, unless objected to, the paper is
referred, of course, without objection. The
object of the rule, the Chair supposes, was to
limit debate on the preliminary presentation
of petitions. The Senator from New York
will be allowed to proceed if there be no objec-
tion. . ,
Mr. FENTON. These petitions presented
this morning embrace three subjects: first, in
regard to appointments to and removals from
office; second, the abolition of the system of
moieties of fines, penalties, and forfeitures in
the collection of customs; third, not to the en-
tire abolition of the power to seize books and
papers, but to a modification of the severity
of the act of March 2, 1867, and throwing cer-
tain restrictions around it. ...
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition has
been referred. , .
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition ot citi-
zens of Iowa, praying a modification of the
laws and regulations affecting and governing
appointments to and removals from public
offices; salaries, perquisites, and moieties ot
public officers; and seizures of private books
and papers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr HARLAN. I present also the petition
of B. & L. Halt on, publishers of the Brighton
Register, Washington, Iowa, setting forth that
it has become a custom for a few years last
