1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
sonal property on the Mississippi river, at
New Madrid, Missouri, in the year eighteen
hundred and sixty-lour.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLEK COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States
and President of the Senate.
Received by the President, May 28. 1872.
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of theUnited States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated with-
in the time prescribed by the Constitution of
the United States, has become a law without
his approval.
Chap. CCCLXXII.—An Act for the Relief
of Samuel Black and Albert R. Cooper.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, ThatGodirey Weitzel, of
the corps of engineers, United States Army,
and in charge ol the improvement of the Louis-
ville canal, is hereby empowered and directed,
subject to the approval of the clue!" of said
corps of engineers, to adjust and pay, out of
any money appropriated for the improvement
of said canal, to Samuel Black and Albert 11.
Cooper anv legal or equitable claim they may
have against the United States arising out of
theircontract to perform work on said improve-
ment of said canal in eighteen hundred and
seventy and eighteen hundred and seventy-one :
Provided, That there shall not be paid to them,
in any event, over twenty thousand dollars,
nor more under that sura than, together with
any sums already paid to them on account of
said contract and work, shall be equal to the
fair and reasonable value to the Government
of the work done by them for the Government
under such contract.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXIII.—An Act for the Relief
ot Mrs. R. A. Kennedy.
jBeit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
reseniatives oj the United Stales of Americ.ain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be authorized anddirecled to pay to Mrs.
R. A. Kennedy a sum not exceeding seven
hundred and ihirty-nine dollars, in payment
of naval stores delivered at, the Gosport navy-
yard by Mr. R. A. Kennedy, in eighteen hun-
dred and sixty one, and tor which payment
has not been made.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXX1V.—AnAct for the Relief
of Jefferson \\. Davis.
Be it enact edby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the Army be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and directed to pay to Jefferson VY. Davis,
late of the sixty-fourth regiment New York
volunteers, out, of any money appropriated, or
which may hereafter be appropriated, for the
pay of the Army, a sum equal to the pay and
emoluments of a first lieutenant of infantry,
from the twenty-thiid day of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, to the tenth day of
May, eighteen hundred and sixty five, deduct-
ing whatever pay he may have received for
that period.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXV.—An Act for the Relief
of Mary M. Clark, widow ot Leonard Clark,
deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep -
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is
hereby, appropriated to Mary M. Clark, widow
of Leonard Ciark, late of Harrison county,
West Virginia, deceased, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, one
thousand two hundred and two dollars, in full
payment for services rendered by said Leonard
Clark as a scout in the employ of General J.
J. Reynolds, and for the period of his cap-
tivity in the rebel prisons from July thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-onp, nnt.il his
exchange March eighteen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of
H. G. Ankeny, late Captain Fourth Iowa
Infantry.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot YVar
be, and hereby is, instructed to reimburse to
H. G. Ankeny, late captain fourth Iowa in-
fantry, the sum of two hundred and ninety-
nine dollars and fifty cents, out of any appro-
priation made, or hereafter to be made, for
the recruiting service of the United States
Army.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXVTI.—An Act for the Relief
of Frederich Pech.
Whereas Professor Pech presented to the
United States a large botanical collection of
rare and valuable specimens of plants collected
in the western States and Territories, which
was accepted by joint resolution of Congress,
approved May twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six; and whereas said Professor
Pech, by affliction, has been reduced to a
state of pecuniary destitution: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot the
Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to the said Frederick Pech,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of one thousand
dollars.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXVIIL—An Act to relieve
Charles J. Faulkner, of West Virginia,
from the Legal and Political Disabilities
imposed by the Fourteenth Amendment of
the Constitution of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) Ibat the disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, by reason
of participation in the late rebellion, be, and
they hereby are, removed from Charles J.
Faulkner, of West Virginia.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
widow of John Nelson, late private in com-
pany H, seventeenth United States infantry,
and to pay her a pension from the passage of
this act.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXX —An Act for the Relief
of Albert D. Pierce, Postmaster at Sum-
nerville, Ottawa County, Kansas.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post Office Department be,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to
credit the account of Albert D. Pierce, post-
master at Sumnerville, Ottawa county, Kan-
sas, with the sum of twenty five dollars and
fifty cents, being the value of stamps and
stamped envelopes stolen or destroyed by hos-
tile Indians on the twelfth day of June, eight-
een hundred and sixty-nine.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXX I.—An Act for the Relief
of the legal Representaiives of the late
George T. Wiggins, of Keokuk, in the State
of Iowa.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, lliat the Secretary ol the
Treasuiy, out of any money in the Treasury
of the United States not otherwise appropri-
ated, do pay to the legal representatives of the
late George T. Wiggins, of Keokuk, in the
State of Iowa, the sum of one thousand dol-
lars, in fuil for all damages sustained by him
in consequence of the seizure of the Leighton
House, m Keokuk, Iowa, by the military author-
ities of the United States, for hospital pur-
poses, in the year eighteen hundred and sixty-
two.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXIX.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Margaret Nelson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ol the
Interior be. and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations ot the
pension laws, the name of Margaret Nelsonj
Chap CCCLXXXIL—An Act for the Relief
of Thomas B. Stewart and Alexander Mc-
Conn, of YVest Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot the
Treasury is hereby directed and required to
pay Thomas B. Stewart and Alexander Me-
Conn, of West Virginia, the sum of one thou-
sand four hundred and forty three dollars and
thirty six cents, which sum is hereby appro-
priated for the purpose, to reimburse them for
moneys actually expended and paid out by
them in defence of a suit brought against them
by Carlton Creighton for acts done by them in
May, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, as
members of the loyal militia of Virginia, in
obedience to orders from their commanding
officers, while the said militia were in the
actual service of the United States, and aiding
in the suppression of the late rebellion ; which
suit was lately depending in and determined
in their favor by the circuit courtof the Uuited
States for the district of West Virginia.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXXIII.—An Act for the Relief
of Sarah S. Stafford.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of AmeHca in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, required to pay
to Sarah S. Stafford, only daughter and sur-
vivingheir ol James Bayard Stafford, an officer
in the Navy during the revolutionary war, the
aggregate amount of the half pay of a lieu-
tenant in the Navy while at sea. under the
present laws of Congress, for seven years, to
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
