1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
2679
■which the presidential pardon shall 1100 be able
to efface. That is the result of it; and that,
I hold, done directly or indirectly, is in viola-
tion of the letter and spirit of the Constitution
of the United States.
Sir, there is no power in any Government
which should be less interfered with than this
power of clemency, the power of pardon. It
has its place in every civilized Government.
No Government can be called Christian or civil-
ized that does not contain it. I regret to see
at this time a disposition to curtail that power ;
to prevent its free and beneficent exercise.
It never can be more wisely exercised, in my
opinion, than in healing the differences created
by political strife and opinion. One would have
hoped that in this century, at least, after the
experience of the past, men would cease to
persecute each other for differences of opinion,
whether political or religious; or if needs be
that war and strife shall come, at least they
should be excluded from the citizens of a com-
mon country. When is the spirit of reconcili-
ation and peace to control the legislation of
this country ? When are these odious discrim-
inations againtour fellow-citizens of the south-
ern States to cease ?
If this had been the proceeds of private
property of citizens of the State of Maine, or
of Connecticut, or of Massachusetts, which
had fallen into the hands of the Government
in the course of war, I should think the com-
mon sense of justice throughout the country
would have prevented any attempt to place
any obstacle whatever to the free attainment
of those moneys from the Treasury. They
would have furthered every application, and
any legislation that threw obstacles in the way
of the claimant would be looked upon as mani-
festly unjust. Why should these obstacles
now be placed in the way of honest claimants
for the proceeds of their property captured
and abandoned, to me the language of the
statute of the United States, not for the pur-
pose of confiscation, not for the use of the
Army as a matter of military supply, but cap-
tured and abandoned under the peculiar and
anomalous condition of affairs in the south-
ern States, and which the Government never
needed for its own use, which it has given
back in part, I believe, to the amount of
$2,000,000 to so-called loyal claimants? What
reason can there be, in,justice, in expediency,
throwing'aside the question of constitutional
prohibition, for placing obstacles iiftMS xrayT'
Why should not these men, whose private prop-
erty has been sold and the proceeds paid into
the Treasury, have their day in court to prove
that they are entitled to receive it, and that
they have committed no offense, or have been
convicted of no offense, or if they have been
convicted of an offense, that they have been
pardoned of that offense, so that they have a
right to ask at the hands of their Government
a restitution of their property?
I do not know what will be the action of the
Senate on this subject. T care but little for
the amount, and in some respect much less
for those who probably will receive any por-
tion of these claims. If I had any sympathy
on the subject it would be for those whose
losses by the war in the southern country had
reduced them, as I know it so often has, from
affluence to poverty, and whose necessities
probably have compelled them to part with
their claims. I know that they may now be
generally in the hands of men who have
bought th6m at greatly reduced prices, and for
the purposes of speculation. I cannot express
myself in sympathy with such speculations.
They have been made upon the ueedy and
poor, and their necessities have been taken
advantage of probably in these bargains. But
that is not the question.
Of the owners of these claims I have the
least possible personal knowledge. I do not
think I know one. Two years ago I saw two
or three gentlemen from the southern States
who were the actual owners of some of th,s
property, whose all in the world or what little
was left to them of a large fortune was locked
up in the Treasury of the United States, and
they were petitioning then to have it restored
to them. Excepting in those cases I have no
personal knowledge of a man who is to be bene-
fited by the payment of these claims.
I have been much more interested to see
that what I consider the checks and balances
of our Constitution should be observed; that
the constant disposition on the part of Con-
gress to invade the prerogatives of the coordin-
ate branches of the Government should not be
pursued; that the blessed power of pardon in
all its fullness should be suffered to have the
effect the founders of this Government intended
it to have, and that it should not be checked
by legislation of an angry or unfriendly char-
acter. it has been that feeling that has induced
me to say as much as I have said in opposition
to the adoption of this amendment.
If it be in order I should like to move the
reference of the amendment to the Committe'e
on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator to allow me to make a modification
of the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I send a
modification of the amendment to the desk,
and I will state that while it is quite as satis-
factory as it was in the original to those of us
who believe in the necessity of such an amend-
ment, I believe it will be even more satis-
factory to those who are opposed to any and
all amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cragin
in the chair.) The Secretary will report the
amendment as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. That the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims, under the act approved March 12,1863, en-
titled "An act to provide for the collection of aban-
doned property, and for the prevention of frauds in
insurrectionary districts within the United States,"
and under any act amendatory thereof or in relation
thereto, shall extend only to cases duly commenced
in said court within two years after the suppression
of the rebellion, in which it shall be established as a
fact, by proof satisfactory to said court, that the
owner of such property has never, in fact, given any
aid or comfort to said rebellion; and no judgment
of said court, in any case, under said acts shall be
paid, unless such finding shall be stated as a proven
tact in the judgment of said court, nor without a
special appropriation therefor thereafter to be made
by Congress.
"" TtTfrTOTSXEDr That amendment is simply
the bill introduced by the Senator from Ver-
mont, I think, and referred to the Committee
on Finance. It has simply the effect of letting
the Senate sit in judgment upon the cases
passed by the Court of Claims and the Supreme
Court of the United States. It is simply re-
pealing the act establishing the Court of Claims,
and making this body once more tlie judge of
all the facts attending each particular case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is emi-
nently proper that such a proposition should
be referred to the Committee on Finance, be-
cause it involves so large an amount of money.
There are the Lamar claims for a large sum
of money, which, if this decision of the Supreme
Court should be allowed to stand, might go out
of the Treasury to-morrow.
Mr. BAYARD. The amount of money 
The PRESID1NG OFFICE R. The Senator
from New York was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President., I shall
vote for the amendment offered by the Senator
from Vermont, for reasons which, in part aud
in brief, I beg to state.
The judgment of civilized man has loDg
denied the citizen the right or permission to
sue his Government as he may sue his fellow-
man for injuries or debts. The judgment of
those who constructed the Government under
which we live accepted and adopted the pro-
priety of this denial; and you, Mr. President,
aud 1 have no right to sue the United States.
We must present ourselves as petitioners, not
as suitors or as litigants, when our demand is
against our country or its Government. In
this regard, our governmental idea is the idea
of modern Governments in general. If there
be exceptions, by statute or otherwise, those
exceptions do not deny the general rule-
The Congress determined recently to erect
a tribunal unknown before, to be called the
Court of Claims, aud to declare that in that
court certain citizens might sue the United
States. ^ The creation of this tribunal was in
derogation of common right. It was in dero-
gation of public law, natural law, as the pub-
licists call it. It was in derogation not only
ot prior law, but of the comity which had long
prevailed. The Constitution ordained no such
court; the Constitution was satisfied without
it. It was created for convenience in certain
specified cases.
In adopting this statute thus in derogation
of the general rule, and in defining a new-
jurisdiction, Congress attempted to distinguish
between citizens by classes. Speaking strictly,
in answer to the Senator from Delaware, Con-
gress attempted to limit the number ot those
upon whom this new and extraordinary priv-
ilege was to be conferred. Congress attempted
to say that this new privilegeshould not extend
to men who had dipped their feet in the blood
of their countrymen, and the tongues of whose
dogs had been red through the same. Con-
gress did say this plainly, as I believe, the
Supreme Court to the contrary notwithstand-
ing. Congress did say this sufficiently, I be-
lieve, two judgments of the court to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
And here, Mr. President, I will state my
understanding of the authority of the Supreme
Court. I have not the right by inheritance
which the honorable Senator from Delaware
has to deny the power of the Supreme Court
to bind a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment. I am not heir to those traditions of
the Democratic party, those "declarations of
principles," which have been heard from the
primary meeting to the grand Plaza de Toro
known as a Democratic national convention,
which have denounced in language emphatic,
and even scornful, the pretension that the
judicial department of the Government had a
right to bind its uo-departments.
But without the right of Democratic inheri-
tance I deny the political supremacy of tho
Supreme Court. The judgments of the Su-
preme Couit are binding upon the court itself,
as far as the doctrine of stare decisis may bind
judicial tribunals. They are binding upon sub-
ordinate judicial tribunals. They arc binding
upon the officers of the court, of course, and
they are binding upon parties and privies ; aud
there in my belief the binding authority of the
■Supreme Courtstops. The honorable Senator
from Vermont said the court had no more
right to bind us than we to bind it. No, not
so much.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You are quite right.
Mr. CONKLING. The two Houses of
Congress aud the Executive make the laws;
the court but interprets them ; and on the
question of the constitutionality of a statute,
there are certain presumptions and intend-
ments, even when the court is called upon to
decide between parties, which make in favor
of the act of Congress, not against it, and
which make the question 011 the threshold
something more than a balanced question,
whether there be authority in the act or not.
However this may be, as the executive depart-
ment has no right, except by a veto, to tell
Congress where their constitutional or law-
making power begins or ends, so the Supreme
Court has no power to tell Congress where its
power to make laws commences or concludes.
Nevertheless, the two decisions of the court
to which I refer place in our way a practical
impediment, because in so far as we rely upon
the judicial tribunals of the country to exe-
cute the laws,in so far the laws will fail of
execution when the judicial tribunals pro-
nounce them void. Therefore, as a practical
