1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783
citizens of Miami county, Indiana, asking the
continuance of the guarantees of religions lib-
erty now contained in the Constitution of
the United States, and protesting against any
abridgment thereof.
By Mr. WALDEN: The remonstrance of
J. T. Young and 81 others, citizens of Monroe
county, Iowa, against an extension of the
Longstroth patent on bee-hives.
Also, the petitions of E. T. White and other
editors, for the repeal of the duty on type.
By Mr. WALDRON : The petition of S. C.
Stacy, H. C. Conklmg, and 100 others, citizens
of Tecumseh, Michigan, asking the passage
of a law granting pensions to the soldiers
who served in the Black Hawk war.
By Mr. WELLS : The memorial of the citi-
zens of Leavenworth, Kansas, and Kansas City,
Missouri, Complaining that the Union Pacific
Railroad Company is discriminating against
the Kansas and Denver railroad line by im-
posing higher rates between Cheyenne and
Ogden, than between Omaha and Ogden, which
is claimed by the memorialists to be in violation
of the law authorizing the construction of said
Pacific railroad.
By Mr. WHITTHORNE: The petition of
Alfred Fly, of Stewart county, Tennessee, for
a pension.
Also, the memorial of certain citizens of
Tennessee, for the removal of the political dis-
abilities of ex-Governor Harris, of Tennessee.
Also, similar petitions in behalf of W. C.
Payne, S. D. McLean, and J. H. Savage, of
Tennessee.
Also, the memorial of H. C. Bate, publisher
of the Lawrence Journal.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York: The
petition of the common council of the city
of Buffalo, New York, for authority to con-
struct a tunnel under Niagara^ river, and to
erect and maintain an inlet pier therefrom,
for the purpose of supplying the city of Buf-
falo with pure water.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition
of 82 citizens of Brown and Adams counties,
in the State of Ohio, praying the establish-
ment of a post road Irom Ripley via Hun-
tington to Manchester.
TOST ROUTE BILLS INTRODUCED.
The following were introduced under the
rule and referred to the Committee oil the
Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. READ: A bill declaring the road
leading from Greensburg, in the county ot
Greene, in the State of Kentucky, to the town
of Edmonton, in the county of Metcalfe, in
same State, a mail route and post road ;
By Mr. SLOSS: A bill to establish certain
post roads in the State of Alabama.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 19, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. H. Twosiblt, of Wis-
consin.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. CORBB1T. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. 1 hope not. ,
There are very few Senators present.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state to the Senator
that I desire to move to take up the bill (b.
No. 397) to facilitate specie payments, this
morning, "with a view to adaress the Senate
upon it, and if it is taken up I will give way
to the" morning business. I hope, thereloie,
the Senator will not object. ...
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. 1 cannot
consent to the taking up of a bill now, be-
cause there are several other Senators who
would like to take up bills.
Mr. CORBBTT. I do not wish to have the
bill considered now, but simply referred to the
Committee on Finanee, after addressing the
Senate upon it.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Merely for
reference V
Mr. CORBETT. Merely for reference.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. All right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
must resume the reading of the Journal. It
cannot be interrupted by a colloquy between
Senators. The reading can only be dispensed
with by unanimous consent.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe the Senator from
West Virginia does not object.
Mr. DAVIS, of WestVirginia. I withdraw
the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon asks unanimous consent that the read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with, with a
view of taking up a bill, not for action, but
that he may address the Senate upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a letter
from the secretary of the District of Columbia,
transmitting copies of the laws passed at the
first and second special sessions of the Legis-
lative Assembly thereof; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
SPECIE PAYMENTS.
Mr. CORBETT. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up Senate bill
No. 397, to facilitate specie payments, with a
view of moving its reference to the Committee
on Finance, but before moving that reference
I desire to address the Senate briefly upon its
provisions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Oregon, pending the execution of the twenty-
fourth rule and the call for petitions, asks
unanimous consent that the bill indicated by
him shall be taken up, after which he states
that he will give way to morning business, he
desiring to submit some remarks^ on the bill
this morning ; the Chair will inquire, of what
length?
Mr. CORBETT. Probably fifteen or twenty
minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the request of the Senator from Oregon?
Mr. JOHNSTON. I will ask the Senator
from Oregon to defer that request long enough
to enable me to ask the Senate to consider
House bill No. 1867. It is a bill that has
passed the House and been reported by the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. I am willing to give way
for the morning business; and then I should
like to address the Senate on this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia object to the proposition
of the Senator from Oregon?
Mr. JOHNSTON. No, sir; I simply ask
him to allow me to call up this bill first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again submit the proposition of the Senator
from Oregon to the feenate. The Senator
from Oregon asks unanimous consent to call
up Senate bill No. 397 with a view to its refer-
ence, stating that he desires to speak upon it
for fifteen or twenty minutes. The Chair hears
no objection.
JAMES T. JOHNSTON.
Mr JOHNSTON. I now ask the unani-
mous'consent of the Senate to take up House
bill No. 1867, for the relief of James 1. John-
ston. It has passed the House, been reported
by the Judiciary Committee ot the Senate, and
I am sure will give rise to no debate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to James 1. Johnston,
of Alexandria, Virginia, without interest,
the proceeds of the sale, for taxes due to
the United States, of lot No. 163, on Prince
street, Alexandria, Virginia, less all taxes,
costs, and legal charges; the sale having been
made by the tax commissioners of the United
States under the laws for the collection of
direct taxes.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
IIOUSE BILL RBFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1720) to confirm the
title of John Boyer to certain lands therein
described was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
LAKE ST. CROIX AND SUPERIOR ROAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 565) to extend
the time to the State of Wisconsin to com-
plete a road from Lake St. Croix to Lake
Superior.
Mr. HOWE. I move that that lie on tlie
table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WINDOM presented two petitions of
late soldiers and sailors of the United States
Army and Navy, praying for a modification of
the homestead law of May 20, 1862, and the
acts amendatory thereof; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented six petitions of citizens
of Minnesota, late soldiers of the Army of the
United States, praying for an equalization of
bounties; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. VICKERS presented the memorial of
Sarah Ann Jolley Burch, and Ann Jolley
Wallis, grand-daughters, heirs, and for the co-
hcirs of William Jolley, deceased, late of Balti-
more, Maryland, praying indemnity for French
spoliations; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. OSBORN presented a petition of Jatnes
H. Johnson and S. M. Gr. Gary, of Marion
county, Florida, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; -which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the petition of the
National Board of Trade, in which thoy call
attention to the operation of the act of the
14th of July, 1870, commonly called "the new
port of entry law." They speak of the ad-
vantages that law has conferred upon the mer-
cantile community and proceed to specify
certain amendments that ought to be made
to it.
"Erst, to amend section twenty-nine so as to
extend the privileges to wines and distilled spirits,
and to give the Secretary of the Treasury power ot
discretion under this act to have bulky goods, such
as salt, pig iron, <fcc„ transported.
"Second, to amend section thirty-two so as to
authorize reshipments and transfers on water routes
as are authorized on railroads from cars ot one
gauge, so that any carriers bonded under the law
shall be permitted to transfer tho merchandise to
any other carrier bonded under the same law so long
as the second carrier is m the direct lino ot transit
to the port of destination.
" Third, to recommcnd an amendment ol the sev-
enth article of the regulations of tho Secretary ot
the Treasury so that tho description of the mer-
chandise in tho entry at tho port of first arrival
may bo as short, comprehensive, and concise as it is
possible to make it—the comparison by marks and
numbers of packages being suflicient to identify
^"Fourth, to amend the twenty-ninth section so as
to include the port of Mobile, Alabama, said port
having been omitted in said section."
I am requested to ask that this communica-
tion in manuscript be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania asks that
tliis petition from the National Boaru of Irade
be printed for the information of the Senate.
Mr MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
practice of printing petitions is a bad one, and
therefore I must object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of tha
