1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
un
business. The Chair was informed when he
took the chair that the pending question was
on the bill of the Senator from Ohio. If the
Senator from New York is correct——
Mr. CONKLING. I wish the Chair would
ascertain how that is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chait
understands the Senator from New York is
correct, and the Cincinnati bill, so to speak,
was taken up as an informal matter upon the
other bill, and the pending question, therefore,
before the Senate is the railroad bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make my motion, then,
in regard to that.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator has not
the floor at this moment,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone every-
thing 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin yield to the Senator
from Ohio?
Mr. HOWE. I will after a little time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist upon it yet that
I was iu order when I rose and moved to take
up a particular resolution which was in order,
and postpone anything then pending; the
Anacostia bill or any other bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Ohio that he is
perfectly correct—he did move to take up that
resolution: but pending that motion there was
another bill pending which had not been dis-
posed of. Therefore the form of the motion
as it would be stated in the Journal would be
to postpone that and all prior orders and take
up this resolution. Upon that question the
Senator from Wisconsin rose and was pro-
ceeding to debate, and the Chair then ruled
that debate on the merits of this proposition
was not in order, upon the principle that he
has already stated ; but it then being discov-
ered that the real question before the Senate
is the postponement of the railroad bill, upon
that, according to the Custom of the Senate,
the Senator from Wisconsin must be his own
judge of what he thinks proper to say.
NEW YOKK CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. HOWE. I am sorry the Senate has
committed to my own judgment as to what is
or is not in order, because if left to no other
control than that I am very likely to trespass
on the views of some other member of the
Senate. [Laughter.]
I was trying to say, sir, that when that
request was made by the Senator from Dela-
ware I was disposed to agree to it, because I
assumed that if that privilege was accorded to
that. Senator no advantage would be taken of
it; that those Senators would not offer for
printing views which were not proper to be
printed. Believing that, I ventured to differ
from my friends on this side of the Chamber
and to ask that they have that privilege when
other Senators thought it was a privilege which
ought not to be granted ever.
Mr. President, I feel this morning that I
was mistaken in the view I took at that time.
T feel that I asked a privilege for those Sena-
tors which was not safe to be granted them;
and I think they have convinced me sorely
of the mistake 1 then made.
This morning the Senator from Delaware
submitted some views to the Senate which he
asked to have printed. They were not read
to the Senate. They were not offered to the
perusal of, I presume, a majority of the com-
mittee of which they were members. I had had
r.o opportunity to see the views. I do not kuow
that any one of my colleagues had had an
opportunity to see them. I take it for granted
that there was a majority of the committee
that had not seen the paper. Still, 1 assumed
this morning, as I assumed the other day, that
the Senator from Delaware would not appeal
to the Senate for the privilege of printing any-
thing which ought not to be printed; c.nd yet
at the suggestion of a friend, after the Senate
had voted to allow those views to be printed,
I went into the Secretary's office to look at the
paper.
The very first page of this statement does
injustice to the Senate, and I feel that it does
ft.gross injustice to the majority of that Com-
mittee ; and 5t in to that injustice that I wish
to call the attention of the Setl&te; tad it is
ftpOn the ground of that injustics that I ask
the Senate to reconsider that vote tad to
refuse to print this piper. T'.iis paper sets
oat With this statement:
"The undersigned, members of the Committee of
Ifrveptiff&tiori and Retrenchment, to whom were re-
ferred a series of resolutions relating to alleged
abuses in the Now^ Yoik custom-house, and who
were also charged witn tne consideration of matters
deferred to them by the Seriate by other resolutions
in regard to which, however# no action whatever
has as yet boea taken by tho said committee, were on
Saturday last, June 1, greatly surprised to find that
Without previous ifltimatiofl of the fact to them the
majority had, without consultation with tile under-
signed, prepared and submitted a report upon that
portion of the matters referred to them that is con-
tained in the resolution relating to the NeWYorlt
custom-house. The testimony oil this subject could
not be considered as having been closed, as wit-
nesses were examined until as late as Saturday,
May 25, and the testimony of Some of those witnesses
still remains unpublished."
Nov/, Mr. President, there is a complaint
preferred against the action of the Majority
of the committee" which I do not think well
founded; a complaint which I think the Sen-
ator from Delaware ought not to have urged;
and I am obliged to add that there is a state-
ment contained in this paper which I cannot
believe to be correct. This paper says that
its signers were greatly surprised On Saturday,
the 1st instant, to find that, without previous
intimation of the fact to them, the majority
had, without consultation with them, prepared
and submitted a report upon that portion of
the matters referred to the committee touch-
ing the New York custom-house. I think,
upon reflection, the Senator froth Delaware
will admit that he knew well enough, hot that
the majority had prepared a report!, but that
a member of that committee was aX Work pre-
paring a report, or preparing something for a
report. I think the Senator will admit that
on reflection.
Mr. BAYARD. Would the Senator like
my answer now?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAYARD. I will say to Mm most
distinctly I had not any idea that the com-
mittee intended to report; and I say further
that at the last meeting of the committee prior
to the day when the Senator from Wisconsin
produced for the first time his long report in
manuscript at our last meeting, after a witness
had been dismissed, the question was dis-
cussed in committee, presented by the honor-
able chairman of that committee, Whether or
not we should sit in the recess and' continue
the examination. Now, I ask any Senator,
I appeal to the common sense of men, when a
proposition is made on the part of the majority
that the examination shall continue diifing
the recess, what is to be supposed and to be
implied from it? Is it not that the matter is
still pending, that it is not finished, that some-
thing remains to be done? And ordinarily a
report is not made until the investigation has
closed. That is why I say my colleague and
myself had no idea that there was to be any
report presented until the morning the honor-
able Senator presented it; and at that time, I
will state further, it was impossible' for me to
be present in the committee because I was then
engaged in a committee of conference.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the honorable
Senator from Delaware, then, to deny that he
had any intimation that a member of the com-
mittee was preparing a paper to be submitted
as a report ?
Mr. BAYARD. I do deny distinctly that I
had any knowledge that a report was to be
submitted at the present, session.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I ask if the Senator's
colleague, who subscribes to that papfef, frill,
make the same denial ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Why, Mr. President, it
is impossible that I could have tad knowledge
of it. Nothing was ever said about it in com-
mittee ; nothing was eve£ said about it out of
committee; and the motion made the Satur-
day beforfe this report made its appearance for
the first time, that We should isit dufin£ the
retfess for thfe jrafpose of contitffilflf the investi-
gation, implied as strongly £s possible that no
report Was to be made.
Mr. HOWE. I did not ask for that argu-
ment. I aSk the Senator distinctly whether
he had or had not any intimation that a mem-
ber of the committee was preparing a paper to
be submitted as a report ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I will ask the Senator
whether he says" there was any such intima-
tioh ?
Mr. HOWE. I say that lam informed that
the Senator had 6uch ati intimation from the
clerk of the committee, and he inquired of the
clferk how long I myself had b'eenat work upon
that paper.
Mr. CASSSRLY. Oh, no1 jocosely said
something One day to' the clerk about it, and
he made me some reply that entirely threw me
off my ^uard : What it Was f do not know.
Mr. HOWE. Will the SehatOr say "Whether
he did not ask the clerk how long I had been
at work in preparing this report 1
Mr. CASSERLY. So, sir. I could not
fidve asked him that, for I did not suppose at
that time the Senator had been at wofk on
the report.
Mr. HOWE. I Only state the infofrnafion
I have, and I have it from the Clerk of the com-
mittee.
Mr. BAYARD. Mf. President, the' Senator .
seems to be endeavoring to raise an issue of
veracity between his Colleagues upon this floor
and some person not upon it. f simply say
I will not submit myself fo a question of vera-
city in this way, and I will not have it settled
in this' way.
Mr. HOWE. I raise no question of veracity.
Mr. BAYAKD. This is the se'Coud time
that Senator has made that intimation, that I
had knowledge' he was preparing a report. He
asked me categorically whether I had knowl-
edge that he was preparing a feport tot sub-
mission. I told him emphatically no, and I
tell him so now ; I did not, arfd I had no reason
to "know ; and I say further that the action of
the committee tended to mislead' me in regard
to his preparing and submitting a report;
whether intentionally or not I <fo not" say; but
such was its natural result, and no man can
doubt it.
Mr. HOWE. fo. President, I hatfe at-
tempted to raise no question of veracity be-
tween either of the Senators on the other Side
of the Chamber and myself. I put distinct
questions to each of those Senators.
Mr. BAYARD. They are answered.
Mr. HO WE. They are answered!. I accept
the answers of the Senators. I stated by way
of explanation why I put those questions, be-
cause of the information that I had from the
clerk of the committee, f do not' Stand' upon
the information I had" from the clerk of the
Committee; I stand upon the information
given me on the floor by those two Senators.
But they say that tbe'y had no intimation, no
knowledge of the fact thatftbe report or paper
to be submitted as a report was being prepared.
I am bound to accept that statement. I stand
upon that for tbe present. It so happe'ns that
the New' York Tribune, which I will not call
the organ of those two Senators, because I ^
believe it has recently been announced that it.
is not an organ at all, on the 30th of May
contained this paragraph:
"It is now very certain that the New York cus-
tom-house committee, which began its investiga-
tion about four months ago, and whieb, tfith the
exception of one insignificant witness examined last
Saturday, has taken no testimony for a month past,
does not intend to make any report to tne feenate
