1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Friends' meeting at Prairie Grove, Iowa, pray-
ingCougress to set apart somewhere in the
West a home and make provision for the
freed people now about the city of Washing-
ton who are dependent on the Government
for support; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of
the National Reform Association, suggesting
corrections and modifications of. the laws
relating to the collection of the customs reve-
nue and the manner of ascertaining the values
of imported commodities; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of the Na-
tional Revenue Reform Association, concern-
ing the removal of the internal tax on State
and national banking institutions; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of 0. L. &
E. E. Newton, of Illinois, praying an amend-
ment to section one hundred and sixty-two of
the bill for the revision and consolidation of
the statutes relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. STEVENSON presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Kentucky, in favor of the
passage of a law refunding to the people of
the cotton-growing States the taxes collected
on cotton during the years 1865, 1866, and
1867; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Mr. President,
I was out of the Senate yesterday at the mo-
ment when the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
TbumbtjiiIj] presented a petition from some
citizens of a town in the county of Allegan,
Michigan, asking for the passage of the Chi-
cago relief bill. I believe, if my recollection
serves me, that that was the first expression
from that State iu favor of the bill. That
poetic justice may be done, I follow it this
morning with a remonstrance from the same
county and county seat of Allegan county,
containing fourteen hundred and fifteen names,
protesting against the passage of that bill. I
have not measured the length of the protest,
but I will send it as best f can to the Chair. I
move that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was probably ob-
tained under the same misapprehension that
the other petitioners stated they were getting
remonstrances from the town from which I
presented a petition yesterday.
Mr. FERRY,' of Michigan. I think the
Senator needs bis construction to offset this
long protest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not subject
to debate. The remonstrance has been laid
on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
the owners of the Printers' Paper-Mill at
Lancaster, Pennsylvania, asking a rehearing
before the Printing Committee of the Senate
of their case ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing,
He also presented the petition of the Philo-
sophical Society of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, attested by its officers, praying for a
liberal appropriation by Congress to enable it
to make a full observation of the transit of
Venus across the sun's disk on December 8,
1874; which was referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the pres-
ent method of taxiDg distilleries; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
. He also presented two memorials of book-
sellers, manufacturers of books and music,
printers, type-founders, &c., remonstrating
against the passage of an international copy-
iight law; which were referred to the Com-
Suttee on the Library.
presented a memorial of
" - -Su ^ ^■e'nrlc'1). type-founder, and thirteen
-0tpers, workers in Ms establishment, in the
city ofNew York, New York, protestingagainst
any reduction of the duties now_ imposed on
foreign printing type, and praying that the
rate of duty on type of foreign manufacture
may be increased to fifty per cent., so that this
branch of American industry may be fostered,
and the interests of American printers be
thereby promoted; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented the petition of Anson
Atwood, praying an extension of his patent for
certain improvements in railroad car-wheels ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Cayuga county, New York, praying that the
tax on incomes may be abolished ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying that any law repealing the
duties upon tea and coffee may not take effect
until at least ninety days after its enactment;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
PK1ZIS-M0NEI TO THE KEAKSABGE.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to take up a bill which I
am quite sure will pass without debate. If
there is any debate upon it, I will allow it to
be laid aside. It is now more than eight years
since the rebel cruiser Alabama went down
under the guns of the Kearsarge, and sank
beneath the waters she had so long polluted;
but the prize-money, which I am quite sure
Congress would unanimously agree to pay to
the men who performed that gallant deed, has
never been awarded to them. The bill has
been reported twice favorably in the Senate,
and 1 think has once passed the House of Rep-
resentatives. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 579.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the call
for reports of committees, the Senator from
Rhode Island asks unanimous consent to
consider the bill indicated by him, reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs without
amendment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 579) for the relief of the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Kearsarge. It directs the Secretary of the
Navy to pay to Rear Admiral John A. Win-
slow, and' the officers and crew belonging to
the United States steamer Kearsarge while
engaged in the capture and destruction of the
vessel called the Alabama, on the 19th of
June, 18G4, the sum of $190,000, being the
estimated value thereof, to be distributed to
the officers and crew attached to the Kearsarge
at the date above named, in the same manner
as prize-money, and to be in lieu of the bounty
authorized by the eleventh section of the act
of June 30, 1864, entitled "An act to regulate
prize proceedings," &c.; but no money is
to be paid to the assignee of any mariner
entitled to the same, but only to himself in
person, or to his wife, or to his legal repre-
sentatives, excluding any such assignee; and
if any of the officers or crew of the United
States steamer Kearsarge shall have received
the bounty providedfor by section eleven of the
act of June 30, 1864, it is to be deducted from
the amount to be paid to such officer or seaman
under this act.
Mr. ANTHONY". There is a report which
is very short accompanying the bill, which can
be read, or I can state the substance of it.
This bill merely allows the same sum to which
these parties would have been entitled under
the law if they had brought the Alabama into
port. I have the report here, which is a very
clear and succinct one, one of the best reports
I ever submitted to the Senate, the whole of
which I stole from the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania opposite, [Mr. Scott,] who made a sim-
ilar report last year. [Laughter.] It is very
short and can be read if any Senator wishes to
hear it. ["Oh, nol"J
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PKIZE-MONEY TO THE WYOMING.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is another bill of
precisely the same character, awarding to the
officers and crew of the Wyoming the money
that would have been due to them if they had
brought into port the prizes which they sunk
in the Japanese waters; not the whole amount,
only one half, because it was impossible to
ascertain exactly what the whole amount was;
but we took the best estimates we could get,
and reduced the amount one half; and this
money comes, not out of the Treasury of the
United States, but out of the indemnity fund
paid by the Japanese Government to our Gov-
ernment for spoliations upon our commerce.
It is Senate bill No. 291.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Rhode Island?
Mr. COLE. We shall have a report on that
subject in a few days, which has been called
for by the House of Representatives. I am
disappointed in not finding it on my table
this morning.
Mr. ANTHONY. We have a report made
by the Committee on Naval Affairs—made
twice.
Mr. COLE. That is a subject that ought to
be considered, I think, in connection with the
Chinese indemnity fund, and the same dispo-
sition ought to be made of those two funds.
I do not wish to interfere with this bill at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. Whatever disposition we
make of this fund, I take it none will object
to paying out of the fund a portion of the
prize-money that would have been due to the
officers and crew of the Wyoming if they had
brought these vessels into port. They were
not the vessels of an enemy, they were the
vessels of a pirate.
Mr. COLE. Some party made an applica-
tion for $30,000 of that fund, and I believe
succeeded in getting it through Congress upon
a very unjust demand, a very unsustained claim.
I do not now remember the name of the party,
but I am informed such is the fact.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is that any reason why
we should not pay our sailors the prize-money
due them, because somebody else attempted
to steal a part of the fund ?
Mr. COLE. Not at all.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senator from Cali-
fornia will make no objection to the consider-
ation of this bill 
Mr. COLE. I do not object.
Mr. SCOTT. For it is really giving to per-
sons who brought this prize-money into the
Treasury the benefit of a portion of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, subject to objection or to a demand for
the regular order.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (S. No. 291)
for the relief of the officers and crew of the
United States ship Wyoming.
Mr. COLE. I do not know why that should
be paid out of that fund anymore than out of
the Treasury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from California to object,
and reports from committees are in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not understand the
Senator to object.
Mr. COLE. I have never heard the bill
read before; but this is a matter that other
committees have been looking into.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill is precisely
similar to the one we have just passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Six or seven
Senators have risen with reports of commit-
tees, and the Chair regards that as an objection.
The Senator from California also stated an
objection to the present consideration of the
bill.
