2680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
expedient, reserving to myself the right to
my own opinion touching the effect of the
pardon issued by President Johnson, I wish
to legislate so that the court, in view of these
decisions and in spite of them, will be com-
pelled to execute the law as Congress intended
it, and as Congress, I think, will intend it
If I remember rightly, and not having re-
ferred to the record, I speak from recollec-
tion, before the pardon which is referred to
had been issued, the statute under which it
might have proceeded, had fallen, by repeal.
If I remember right, the question of the com-
petency of the President to issue that pardon
was referred to the law committee of this
body, and I think I am not mistaken in say-
ing that from that committee came a unani-
mous report, concurred in by Democrats and
all, denying the President, any such power.
Yet the President asserted a power which cost
King James his throne. He issued a pardon
which recited that those to whom it applied
had aided the rebellion, and the court says in
effect that, the pardon proves that those who
received it never did aid the rebellion at all.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. Does the Senator mean to
say that any report of that kind was ever made
in regard to the proclamation issued by Pres-
ident Lincoln on the 8th of December, 1863?
Mr. CONKLING. If I had meant to say
that I should have said so, aud I should not
have said that the proclamation issued by An-
drew Johnson was the one of which I was
epeaking.
Mr. SAWYER. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator one moment further. The amnesty
oath which was taken by the claimants in these
cotton cases was the amnesty oath prescribed
by the proclamation of Abraham Lincoln of
the 8th of December, 18G3, in word and letter.
Mr. CONKLING. Very likely ; but the
proclamation of which I am speaking is the
one referred to by the court—the proclama-
tion issued, not by Abraham Lincoln, but by
Andrew Johnson. I would turn with pleas-
ure to the matter winch the Senator now
introduces'ir'my Boirig'so wSUld oblige him.
It does not pertain to the observations I was
making, however, and therefore, if the Senator
will allow me, I will pass it by.
The decisions to which 1 refer relate, I say
again, as I understand them, to the proclama-
tion of amnesty issued by President Johnson,
aud issued after the law was repealed which
conferred, as far as it was conferred by act of
Congress, the right to issue such a proclama-
tion. In this proclamation, thus issued after
the law authorizing it was repealed ; in this
proclamation, the validity which was denied by
a unanimous report of the law committee of
this body, the Supreme Court finds something
which not only, speaking onward, exonerates
all to whom it relates, but which, speaking
backward, obliterates and makes as if it had
never been the historical fact of guilt, the fact
of voluntary participation in the rebellion.
Congress undertook to say that men who
waged war against the Government should
not be among r.hose to whom a footing was to
be given in the Court of Claims, to whom, as
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] well
reminds me, to repeat, a special statutory priv-
ilege was given in derogation of the right of
the Government, in exclusion of citizens at
large, a mere enabling act—a franchise, I
might call it, conferred upon nobody except
those nominated or described iii the act. The
Supreme Court has found that Congress, in
making this attempt, made a vain attempt,
and that every man to whom Andrew Johnson
addressed his proclamation as a guilty man, a
man steeped to the eyes in criminal transgres-
sion, had, in truth aud in result, never taken
part in the rebellion at all; but, on the con
trary, was one of tliose in effect described in |,
the act who had never taken part in the
rebellion.
Mr. President, it is not my purpose to criti-
cise this opinion of the Supreme Court. I
point out its meaning. I seek to trammel up
its consequences. Under these decisions not
only is the man who reddened his hands in
the greatest and guiltiest rebellion that man
has known put upon a footing of equality with
the man who clung to the flag and fought and
prayed for it, but he is preferred and advanced
before his loyal fellow-countryman. The late
rebel is preferred to everybody else. Why ?
Because a short road is made for him, quick
and convenient. He is to be saved much of
"the law's delay" which might check his
progress in the Court of Claims. He takes
out the proclamation of pardon and presents
it, and thereby he speaks himself into exist-
ence as a qualified claimant; whereas the
loyal man or the loyal woman plods through
the slow and weary processes of searching
and calling witnesses, collecting evidence,
seeking the proof in detail to establish loyalty
from beginning to end, step bystep—loyaltyin
truth, in p'ace of loyalty established by a cun-
ning fiction resting in somebody's interpreta-
tion of an after-granted pardon.
Without criticising this decision, except to
point out how vain a motion, according to its
reasoning, Congress made in attempting to
limit to a certain number or class of persons
this freshly conferred and special privilege, I
address myself to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
That amendment, if I apprehend it. con-
tains three elements. In the first place, there
shall be, by its provision, no jurisdiction
except of cases commenced within a certain
time; second, there shall be no jurisdiction
except of cases the claimant in which proves
as a fact so strongly that it becomes, m the
judgment of the court, a fact found that in
reality and in verity he never participated in
the rebellion; and third, in the cases em-
braced within the amendment the judgment-
shall never be satisfied by payment from the
Treasury until the question shall be subjected
to that process described by the Constitution
when it says:
" No money shall be drawn from the Treasury but
in consequence of appropriations made by law."
All three of these elements are useful, all
are wholesome, all are considerate, all would
have been imbedded in the original act by. the
overwhelming judgment of both Houses, had
it been conjectured that a judicial tribunal
would find a path leading around the statute,
circumventing it, paralyzing it, and making it
mean what it was not intended to mean, and
what it never could have been made to mean
by the assent of either House of Congress.
The amendment comes as a reenforcement;
it comes to lift up and place upon its feet
again the original enactment, which has fallen
before a judgment of the court. Fallen be-
fore a judgment of the court, I say, denying
again the right of the court to bind Congress,
but compelled to admit the power of the court,
in the execution of its own judgments, to pre-
vent and defeat the execution of the law in the
spirit in which it was enacted.
Mr. President, I did not mean to say so much
upon this question. I rose for the purpose of
stating, if I could, that the case was even clearer
in one constitutional right than was indicated
by the questions put by the Senators from Ver-
mont and Wisconsin. Agreeing fully with
them that there would be no doubt of our power
if we were exercising it solely by way of exclu-
sion, I think the power is even more apparent
still when truly stated in its application here.
We are in the act of conferring a special priv-
ilege. The question is not whom shall we ex-
clude from it, butto how many shall we extend
it; and unless some Senator is prepared to deny
that we may name A, B, and C, and provide
that they alone may resort to the Court of
Claims; unless some Senator will dispute our
power to say that all infants, all minor chil-
dren may present claims of a certain class
in a certain way ; unless, in short, some Sen-
ator is ready to affirm that, without an enabling
act, (for I think the argument must go as far
as that,) American citizens are clothed with a
constitutional right admitting them into the
Court of Claims to sue the Government, I see
not how any man can deny that in creating a
special tribunal and admitting to it persons
named, we may stop ; we may limit the num-
ber, we may make that number as small as
we please, and leave all those not named to
resort to the only tribunal open to citizens at
large ; that tribunal whose pleadings must be
of the form provided in the Constitution in
that clause which secures (be right of petition,
and the claimantsin which must be petitioners,
and petitioners only, resorting to the law-
making power of their country.
As I said, Mr. President, I rose simply for
the purpose of stating this proposition, and
I have been led to discourse upon it further
than I intended.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
the Congress of the United States, in my opin-
ion, is not subject to the criticism made by
the Senator from Delaware. I believe that
Congress has the right and the power to say
that the loyal people of the North, in addi-
tion to the other burdens they have already
borne, shall be taxed to pay disloyal citi-
zens of the South for their property which
was captured during the war ; and I certainly
believe that Congress has the right to enact
the converse of that proposition, and that the
Executive, by the exercise of the pardoning
power, and the judiciary by their adjudi-
cations, have not the right or the power to
circumvent the purposes of the Congress of
the United States, be it the one or the other.
And it is due to the Supreme Court to say
that 1 do not think they have intended to defeat
the lawful purpose of Congress. We passed
an act, which will be found in the twelfth vol-
ume of the Statutes, page 820, to the effect
that property abandoned by its owners or cap-
tured by the' national forces should be taken
possession of by the Treasury Department,
sold, and the proceeds paid into the national
Treasury, provided that any one claiming to
be the owner may prefer liis'claim to such pro-
ceeds, if he had never given aid or comfort to
the rebellion.
Sir, when these proceeds of captured prop
erty are paid into the Treasury, the owner may
receive compensation for his goods captured
from those proceeds if he proves that he never
gave aid or comfort to the rebellion. That is
the cardinal idea of the statute. When that
property was captured and sold it became the
property of the United States. The owner-
ship was transferred from those who formerly
possessed it to the United States. That posi-
tion is established without going into an argu-
ment (which for brevity I seek to avoid) by
two authorities, namely, the law of nations
and the statutes of the United States.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator, I
think, will find himself confronted by the
language of the Supreme Court on that sub-
ject in the case from which I have cited.
They declare that it is clear, upon comparison
of the act of 1863, that, it was the intention of
Congress that the title to those proceeds should
not be divested absolutely out of the original
owners.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am aware of
their decision, having read it very carefully and
having it before me. So what I say is with
full knowledge of the decision. I repeat, the
ownership of the property was changed, it was
transferred to the United States. The law of
nations so declares, and the supreme power of
the United States by this statute so enacts;
and let me say when the supreme power of the
United States declares what shall be the legal
effect of war on property within our jurisdic-
tion no power on earth may gainsay it. The
