4472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
this session, although it is known that Senator
Howe has for a week or two past been engaged upon
a document which he intends to submit to the com-
mittee for its approval. The only reason that can
be assigned for this failure is a political one."
I supposed, for two reasons, that my col-
leagues on the committee, all of them, under-
stood that such work as this was being done.
I supposed it because I supposed every mem-
ber of the committee was as well informed as
the correspondent of the New York Tribune,
though perhaps that is a violent assure,ption;
and I supposed that because of this informa-
tion which I had from the clerk of the com-
mittee; but I repeat, these Senators say they
did not know that this work was being done.
They say they had 110 reason to believe any
such thing. Mr. President, I take issue with
them upon that statement. That is stated
argumeutatively. They had reason to know,
they had reason to believe, that this work was
being done. The Senate had instructed us to
do it. They ought to have supposed that the
committee was going to try to discharge its
duty as well as it could. If they supposed that
no such report was being prepared it was their
duty, I submit, to be preparing one; it was
their duty, if they could, to see that a report
was submitted. They say the testimony was
not. closed. There has been no order of the
committee that I know of closing the testi-
mony ; and i do not know that there ever will
be such ail order while this committee exists.
It is a committee of investigation and retrench-
ment, and I do not think that the committee
will refuse to hear a witness testify if he pre-
sents himself on this subject at anytime while
this committee continues to exist. But this
article is correct iu saying that only one insig-
nificant witness had been examined for many
weeks, a witness notsubpenaed; lor several
weeks the committee had ordered to witness
before it; the last witness that was examined
was a volunteer witness.
Now, Mr. President, the Senators say that
they were misled because when the meeting
was called together they were consulted on
the question whether they should sit during
the recess. I was not present at that meeting
of the committee, and I will leave the chair-
man to state presently what took place. Now
i proceed 10 call the attention of the Senators
to another feature in this statement. They
say 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator if he
will not pause and let us send the resolution
to the House, unless he intends to consume
the whole time.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me a few minutes
longer. That resolution will not be disposed
of soon.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I consider myself
relieved of any future duty in the matter.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator from Ohio
mean to charge that 1 am talking against time ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is talking
about a personal matter of no public import-
ance to the business of the people of the
United States while the two Houses are threat-
ened with a premature adjournment.
Mr. MORION. We have an hour and
twenty fi"e minutes to go on.
Mr. SHERMAN. Both these reports have
been made, both the majority and minority
reports. I sympathize with the Senator from
Wisconsin entirely, but I think he ought to let
us pass the resolution extending the time of
adjournment.
Mr. HOWE. Such sympathy as the Senator
from Ohio manifests is precious. I think it is
rather rough for a Senator to be traduced and
libeled by the Opposition; but when he has
got to be traduced at the same time by his
own friends, by his own political friends at
least, it is a little more than I am disposed to
submit to.
Mr. President, let me beg the Senator
from Ohio—and I beg he will not make any
issue with that statement—I am not -talking
against time; I never talk against time, for a
minute, and he knows it if he knows any-
thing 
Mr. SHERMAN. As it seems to wound
my friend's feelings I withdraw that portion
of the remark; but at the same time I must
repeat that 1 think under the circumstances
he ought to allow this measure, which affects
the two Houses, to be acted on first, and then
let him submit his remarks.
Mr. HOWE. This paper states that the
parties signing it were surprised to find that,
without previous intimation of the fact to
them, the majority had, without consultation
with the undersigned, prepared and submitted
a report. Now, I want to state, as a matter
of fact, that these Senators did not find any
such thing on the 1st of June; the majority
had not submitted a report. The single thing
that had been done was this: a member ot
the committee had attempted to do what he
coald to discharge that duty which the Senate
had laid upon the whole committee. He had
prepared a paper which the committee might
accept if it suited them. That is what had
been done up to the 1st of June, and on the
1st of June the committee were convened, or
were notified to convene, to hear that paper,
and to see whether they would agree to it or
not.
Mr. BAYARD. Does the honorable Sen-
ator say that there was any notice given to the
committee that that paper was to be presented
on that day? Were they convened to hear
that paper? No. sir, they were convened tor
an ordinary meeting in which no reference
was made to that paper, and there was no
reason for them to suppose it would be ready.
Is not that the case?
Mr. HOWE. I cannot say whether it was
the case or not, for I did not, give the notice.
It was not for me to give the notice, and I did
not give it.
Mr. BAYARD. I will state as matter of
fact that the notice was in the ordinary form
by the clerk that there would be a meeting at
a certain hour. That was served upon me on
the night of Friday, I think about nine o'clock,
and I think none at all was served on my col-
league, [Mr. CaSSERLY,] but 1 told him such
a notice was on my table.
Mr. HOWE. I make no question that
what the Senator states is correct in reference
to that. What I take issue with is his siate-
ment that on this day the majo'i ity submitted
a report. The committee was convened, and
there was then an opportunity when the leport
might have been heard if Senators chose to
hear it. The Senator from Delaware was not
present. His colleague, the Senator from
California, was present during part of the
time.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was not listening, as
I ought to have been, I admit; but what did
the Senator say just before?
Mr. HOWE. I say the Senator from Dela-
ware was not present at that meeting. I say
the Senator from California was present, a part
of the time.
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes; I was obliged to
be in the Senate, and had to leave the com-
mittee-room.
Mr. HOWE. Then thepaper was submitted
to the committee, and then a majority of ttie
committee, alter some corrections, agreed that
it might be submitted to the Senate as then-
report. At a request of the Senator from Cali-
fornia the report was not made on that day,
but the submission of it to the Senate was
postponed until Monday. On Monday, at the
request of the Senator fiom Delaware, the
submission ot the repott was postponed until
Tuesday. On Tuesday the report was sub-
mitted to the Senate by myself. I had no
more idea at that time that the Senator (rom
Delaware or his colleague trom California ob-
jected to our making it ihan-i had that they
objected to my existence. And now it is very
ungracious, after so much pains weie taken to
consult the wishes of those Seiiatois, to be
sent to the country as having treated them
unfairly in this matter.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, I think, has taken in
many ways a misapprehension entirety of the
intent and object of the recitals on the first
page of these views. That the facts stated
there are correct I here again assert, accord-
ing to the best of my knowledge and belief.
As to the question whether the majority sub-
mitted the paper, I will only say that, was sub-
mitted by one of the majoiity and assented to
by them and it became their act. It is true
that on Monday last I was engaged in a com-
mittee ot conference on the tariff bill, a*.d en-
gaged all day Saturday, all day Monday, and
part of the day following. I came into ihe
Senate and heard from my colleague on the com-
mittee, the Senator from California, that it
was the intention of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin to submit a report. I went over to bun
and spoke to him on the subject and told hiin
I was then engaged in a committee of confer-
ence. He said If it is all the same to you,
I will submit it to-morrow." I said " Ait
right, for I shall then be more at. leisure."
That was the cause of the delay. There was
no complaint made against its submission at
that time. We only asked for time to submit
our views; that was all. That was the ob-
ject of it. This report is hasty , it is imper-
fect. We feel it to be so; we feel that it is
far short of what the occasion demands ; and
therefore in reciting the reasons why our re-
port was imperfect, we state the hasty manner
in which it was prepared, and furthermore I
might have stated my peisonal disability to
prepare it in proper time.
Mr. HOWE. It was impossible for me to
hear what the Senator from Delaware was
saying because of the noise in the Chamber.
It is difficult to hear what, I sav myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds ) if Senators will suspend the Chair
will endeavor to restore order.
Mr. HOWE. 1 do not think the Senator
ought to send to the country this statement,
because it does not represent the action of the
majority of the committee correctly. It is lor
the purpose of having this eliminated from this
statement that I ask the Senate to reconsider
the vote by which they ordered it to be printed,
and it is becuuse t was satisfied that no other
opportunity would be given me to cail the
attention of the Senate to it that I refused to
yield to the request of the Senator from Ohio
when he asked me to give up the floor.
Mr. THUR.MAN. 1 suppose the Sena'or
from Wisconsin has now accomplished the
object he had. He has made a speech which
goes on the record, but I cannot suppose that
he is in earnest in asking that the Senate
should refuse to print the minority views It
would be a most extraordinary thing, sir,
indeed, to ask us to decide upon the views of
the minority, that they were incorrect in this
clause, or that clause, or the other. That
would make the majority of the Senate cen-
sors of the minority reports, to strike out and
expunge whatever ihey in their judgment, saw
fit to find was not well founded either in fact
or in argument. Sir, that will not do at all.
You had better at once abolish the right to
present the views of the minority than to allow
them to be subject to a censorship such as this
that is now proposed—belter abolish it at once.
1 hope there is to be no such censorship as
that ever established in the Senate. If there
is a difi'erence in views as to the circumstances
that are related in that report, the Senator has
already given his view and that is sufficient.
But, Air. President, to put a stop to all this
business, and in order that we may proceed, I
move to lay the pending bill, which is the rail-
road bill, on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the pending bill
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
