1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3577
have never before undertaken to pass a bill of
that kind. Therefore, as this bill contains
that provision, not fixing the time when these
terms shall be held, but leaving it to the judge
himself, I shall vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 41, nays 6 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Ames, Blair, Boreman, Caldwell.
Casserly. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Ferry
of Connecticut, i erry of Michigan, Flanagan. IVe-
lmKhuysen, Goldthwaite. Hamilton of Texas, Hitch-
cock, Howe. Johnston, Kelloffsr, Lewis, Logan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Nye. Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Ransom, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Ste-
venson, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tip-
* ton, West, Wilson, and "Windom—41.
# NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Edmunds, denton, Mor-
nlI Robertson, and Trumbull—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron. Carpenter, Clayton, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Gilbert. Hamilton of Maryland. Hamlin,
Harlan, fi.U, Kelly, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson,
Ramsey, Rice, Schurz, Spencer, Sprague, Vickers,
and Wright—27.
So the bill was passed.
military academy bill.
The VICE* PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to submit a re-
port from a conference committee.
Mr. SCOrr. I yield for that, of course.
Mr. SPRAGUE submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 1661) making appropriations for tho
support of the Military Academy for the fiscal year
ending June 30. 1873, having met, after lull and tree
conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first and third
amendments.
That the House of Representatives rccede from
their disasreement to the fourth and fifth amend-
ments of the Senate, a.nd agree to the same.
WILLIAM SPRAGUE,
J. R. WEST,
MATT. II. CARPENTER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
S. S. MARSHALL,
WM. L. Sl'OlKfflTON,
WM. II. UPSON.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What are those amend-
ments ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. The first amendment that
the committee agree to is in regard to the
clerk of the adjutant, an officer who has served
in that capacity for twenty-one years, and whom
the War Department is exceedingly anxious to
retain. The next was to restore to the bill
$5,000 to pay the expenses of the Board of
Visitors. The House agreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate striking out surveys and
estimates, a duty which the Committee on Ap-
propriations of the Senate believed the officers
of the Academy could very well perform them-
selves ; and also the reduction of expenditures
for coal-house, which is the 'fifth amendment,
from $>10,000 to $5,000, which sum was thought
sufficient to perform the work.
The report was concurred in.
AMENDMENT TO APl'ROL'KIATIOIf BtLIj.
Mr. JOHNSTON submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 2208) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of cer-
tain public works on rivers and harbors, and
for other purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
Mr. WEST. I ask the Senator to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. SCOTT. For what purpose ?
Mr. WEST. I feel it my duty to bring to
the attention of the Senate that several days
ago I gave notice that at this time I should
ask the Senate to consider the bill making
appropriations for the support of the military
service. Yesterday afternoon during my ab-
sence I understand, we having no report of
what transpired, the Senate agreed to take up
the bill which is in the charge of the Senator
from Pennsylvania. I hope, however, that
the Senate will see proper to consider the
Army appropriation bill at the present time.
Otherwise it will go over perhaps three, four,
or five days. The debate on the Senator's
bill will undoubtedly be somewhat protracted,
and then the regular legislative sessions of the
Senate are likely to be interrupted by execu-
tive business, as we all very well understand,
and in that event we shall have all the appro-
priation bills that now remain unpassed accu-
mulated together. This appropriation bill will
take but a very short time, and inasmuch as
the Senate has quite recently postponed the
bill which is under the charge of the Senator
from Pennsylvania to consider private mat-
ters, I think it would be quite good-taste, if
nothing else, to consider public matters at the
present time, and postpone this bill.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator's statement dis-
closes the fact that he desires to make a
motion to postpone or lay on the table the bill
of which I have charge for the purpose of
taking up the Army appropriation bill. I pre-
sume we all desire to get through with the
business of the session and adjourn at as early
a day as possible; that certainly is my desire ;
and while the Senator from Louisiana is ap-
pealing to me tor the purpose of taking up ihe
Army appropriation bill, other Senators sitting
around me have been appealing to me for the
purpose of making an arrangement so that the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] my
colleague upon the committee from which this
bill came, may be present and participate in
the discussion. I have every desire to yield
to the wishes of those Senators and of my col-
league on the committee, for I deem it due to
him that he should have an opportunity of par-
ticipating in the discussion, as he desires to
do ; but unless some arrangement can be made
by which this bill will be hxed for a time cer-
tain, and a time fixed when the debate upon
it shall close, I shall deem it my duty to retain
the floor and go on with the discussion. 1
will not yield for any other purpose than the
effort to make such an arrangement. It is
only for making such an arrangement as will
facilitate the business of the session and
enable us to accomplish the largest amount of
practical business in the shoitest time that I
would even now consent to yield the floor,
having taken it some three or four times to
make my speech upon this bill.
Mr. BLAIR. I suggest that the Senator
from Pennsylvania, who has sought the floor
several times in order to make his speech, be
allowed to go on now and make his speech,
and then we can take up the appropriation
bill, and this bill can be called up on the
return of the Senator from Delaware, who
wishes to address the Senate upon it.
Mr. MORTON. When will he be back?
Mr. BLAIR. On Monday.
Mr. SCOTT. No; I could not consent to
any such arrangement as that, that I shall go
on and make my speech, and that then we
shall cease the consideration of this bill, for
when its consideration once commences I do
not wish to lose charge of it, but desire to
keep it before the Senate until it is disposed
of. Now, I have this suggestion to make in
accordance with the suggestions that have
been made: as the Senator from Delaware
has expressed a desire to participate in the
discussion, and probably he will return on
Monday 
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. On Sat-
urday, and he will be ready to discuss the
question on Monday.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well; as he will be
here to discuss the question on Monday, I have
this proposition to make, which I think will
meet with general concurrence ; that is, it it
is the desire of the Senate to proceed to other
business, either the Army bill, or, what I
think would be better under existing circum-
stances, the unobjected cases on the Calendar
for to-day, and then agree that this bill shall
be taken up to-morrow morning, and that the
debate upon it shall close on Monday even-
ing and we shall vote upon the bill then. I
should agree to some proposition of that char-
acter, so that we may economize time and
accomplish the largest amount of business.
I do not know whether that would be accept-
able to our friends on the other side or not.
Mr. BLAIR. I suggest to the Senator from
Pennsylvania, if he will permit me to interrupt
him, that until we have heard his speech, and
know the character of the debate, it is impos-
sible for us to fix any limit to it. It depends
almost entirely upon the scope of the remarks
to be made by the Senator in opening this case.
Certainly if the debate takes a political turn,
as probably it will, in all likelihood, it will lead
to a very general discussion, and will not cease
in the time that the Senator desires to fix.
Mr. SCOTT. As I have suggested a time
which will accommodate the Senator from
Delaware, and enable him to make his speech,
and fix a limit after his speech shall have been
made when the discussion shall close, if the
Senator from Missouri, who is also on the
committee, declines to fix any limit, I now feel
absolved from all further effort to make any
arrangement to accommodate the Senator from
Delaware, and I claim the floor and will pro-
ceed.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope before the Senator
proceeds he will indulge me one moment.
Mr. SCOTT. Kor what purpose?
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to call attention to
the business of the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator will state what
the business is, so that I may know 
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to suggest to my
friend that he give the Senate an opportunity
of voting on the school bill for this District.
It has been under discussion again and again.
The railroad bill in which the Senator was
interested occupied the Senate for a good
many hours, and was triumphantly passed
under tho lead of his colleague, and with
the assistance of my friend; and now I want
to 
Mr. SCOTT. No, Mr. President, it was
not with my assistance; 1 voted against laying
this bill over. Now the Senator proposes to
take up a measure which it is evident cannot
be voted on to-day. I decline courteously to
yield.
Mr. SUMNER. I begtheSenator'spardon
a thousand times. My bill can be voted on
to-day. I am sure of it. It has been debated.
I know nobody, unless it be the Senator him-
self, who proposes to speak on it, and he
knows whether he does or not.
Mr. SCOff. I have a different opinion,
and I claim the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor, and
cannot be interrupted further.
Mr. WEST. Now I ask the Senator to yield
to me that I may test the sense of the Senate
on talcing up the Army appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania declines to yield, and there-
fore the Senator from Louisiana and other
Senators must wait until the Senator from
Pennsylvania concludes his remarks, when of
course any Senator can claim the floor and
move to lay this bill on the table and move to
take up any other bill.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from New Jersey
asks me to permit him to have a telegram
read from the Senator from Delaware. Of
course I will agree to that, but I will not yield
further.
Mr. STOCKTON. I simply ask to have
this telegram read that the Senate may at least
know that a request was made and it was
granted the day before yesterday, from which
the Senate is receding.
