1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
24, 1871; which was read, and passed to the
second reading.
lir. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill (S. No. 609)_ to
reduce the limits of the military reservation
at Fort Stanton, New Mexico; which was
read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Ap-
propriations, to whom were referred the bill
(S. No. 340) fixing the salaries of certain
officers, and the bill (S. No. 412) to fix the
compensation of the Third Auditor of the
Treasury, have instructed me to report both
bills adversely. The committee are, I believe,
unanimously of the opinion that the public
service at this time does not require or justify
the increasing of any salaries at all in any
Department of the Government. When_ we
get the service a little better regulated it is a
matter that ought to be adjusted on a scale
and in away which shall act upon all branches
of the service at the same time, and upon a
proper adjustment of what it would be just
and right to do. I am therefore instructed to
report back both bills adversely.
The bills were postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom were re-
ferred additional papers relative to the claim
of Horace Clough for a pension, to report back
the papers with the statement that we have no
petition before us, and that the same claim
was acted upon at the last session of Congress
adversely by the committee, and they still
adhere to that opinion.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the papers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions to report adversely
upon the petition of George W. Thomas, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension, with the state-
ment that it is precisely the same case and
upon the same evidence which we considered
a year ago, and we reported adversely then.
The committee are all satisfied with the rea-
sons we then gave for the adverse report, and
reaffirm them.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also instructed by
the Committee on Pensions to report adversely
on the bill (S. No. 280) for the relief of Wil-
liam P. Russell. It appears that this gentle-
man already has a pension at the Pension
Office, and this bill is designed to give him
arrears, which we think cannot, be done.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am also instructed by
the Committee on Pensions to report upon the
petition of citizens of Union county, Iowa, in
behalf of James A. Forgey, praying that he be
allowed a pension. It is evident irom exam-
ination of the papers in this case that taking
the statement of the gentleman to be true, he
is clearly entitled to a pension at the Pension
Office. We therefore report that he have leave
to withdraw his papers.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the petition of Lizzie Gil-
mer, postmistress at Pittsfield, Illinois, praying
relief for the loss of postage stamps through
burglary, submitted a report thereon accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 610) for the relief
of Lizzie Gilmer, postmaster at Pittsfield,
Illinois.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of Captain Charles H. Briggs, of West
Virginia, for arrears of pension, submitted an
adverse report; and the committee were dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Lucy Clancy,
widow of Robert Clancy, of the one hundredth
and sixty-fourth regiment New York volun-
teers, praying for back pension, submitted an
adverse report; and the committee were dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William J. Henry,
praying to -be allowed an increase of pen-
sion, submitted an adverse report; and the
committee were discharged from the farther
consideration of the petition.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 897) for the relief of Ira Buck-
man, jr., reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 240) to amend
an act to revise, amend, and consolidate the
statutes relating to patents and copyrights,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 583) to amend an
act entitled "An act to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to patents and
copyrights," approved July 8, 1870, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 470) authorizing an increase
of United States mail steamship service be-
tween San Francisco and China, reported it
without amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. B0REMAN, from the Committee on
Territories, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. .360) to establish the Territory of
Ojibway, and to provide a temporary govern-
ment therefor, reported it with amendments,
and submitted a report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Committee on Com-
merce have had under consideration the ques-
tion of giving extended jurisdiction and power
to local officers having charge of public im-
provements, in order to facilitate the building
of those improvements, and have directed me
to report a bill on that subject and recommend
its passage.
The bill (S. No. 612) to facilitate the execu-
tion of and to protect certain public works of
improvement, was read, and passed to the
second reading.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Mary P. Jarvis, widow of Joseph R. Jarvis,
late commander United States Navy, praying
to be allowed a pension, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sarah GrafFam
Glover, of Maine, praying a pension as widow
of Captain James Graffam, for services ren-
dered by him in the war of 1812, reported
adversely thereon.
REPORT RECOMMITTED.
Mr. VICKERS. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scott,] from the Committee
on Finance, reported adversely npon the peti-
tion of John Thompson Mason. I now ask
that that report may be recommitted, as Judge
Mason has additional testimony to offer to the
committee, and I am sure they will be very
elad to hear it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Maryland moves to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate discharged the Committee
on Finance from the further consideration ot
the petition of John Thompson Mason, and
moves that it be recommitted to the commit-
tee, with some additional papers.
The motion was agreed to.
SMITH AND SKINNER'S PATENT.
Mr WINDOM. The Committee on Patents,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R- No. Io40)
for the relief of Alexander smith and Halcyon
Skinner, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment, and recommend its pas-
sage. It has already passed the House, been
reported by the committee, and will give rise
to no debate. I think there is no objection to
it anywhere, and I ask for its present consid-
eration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to consider the bilt on the day
on which it is reported. The Secretary will
read the bill, and afterward the Chair will ask
for objections, if there be any.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Beit enacted, &c.t That the Commissioner of Patents
be, andheis hereb'y, directed to grant a rehearing of
the application of Alexander Smith and Halcyon
Skinner, for the extension of letters patent granted
to them on the 4th day of November, 1R56, for improve-
ment in power-looms; and he is hereby authorized to
revive and extend the said letters-patent for thefur-
ther term of seven years from and after the 4th day of
November. 1870, notwithstanding the original term
for which letters-patent was granted has expired,
and the said patentees had patented the said inven-
tion in foreign countries, and such foreign patents
had expired before the 4th day of November, 1870,
if, in his judgment, the said patentees were the ori-
ginal and first inventors of tho invention described
in the said letters-patent, and the invention is use-
ful, and the patentees have failed, without neglect
or fault on their part, to obtain from the use and sale
of the said invention a reasonable remuneration for
the time, ingenuity, labor, and expense bestowed
upon the same, and the introduction thereof into
use. And the said letters-patent, when so revived
and extended, shall have the same effect in law as
if it had been originally granted for the term of
twenty-one years: Provided, That all persons who
at the time of the passage of this act had constructed,
or caused to be constructed, or used looms on the
plan of the said invention, shall be at liberty, during
such extended term to use and vend to others to use
said looms so constructed or used.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this bill?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the title of the
bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a House
bill, authorizing the Commissioner of Patents
to grant a rehearing in the case of a patent.
Mr. "WINDOM. It is reported by the Sen-
ate committee, and has passed the House
almost unanimously.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know anything
about this particular case, but, upon general
principles, I think it a great mistake to be
granting these rehearings to have patents
extended. The law gave parties for fourteen
years originally, and now for seventeen years,
the exclusive use of their patents. I think we
ought not to sanction this coming to Congress
to get their patents extended after the period
has transpired. I thought this system was to
be stopped by a change of the law some years
ago. We extended the time that the patent
was to run originally from fourteen to seven-
teen years, I think.
Mr. WINDOM. There are peculiar cir-
cumstances connected with this case which I
think make it an equitable one. There is a
report accompanying the bill which is very
brief and can be read if it is desired, or I can
state the facts of the case.
This is a patent for a power-loom for the
manufacture of the American Axminster car-
pets. It was issued in this country on the
4th of November, 1856, and also in Europe on
the 17th of October, 1856. On account of
the expiration of the patent in Europe prior
to its expiration in this country, the Commis-
sioner of Patents refused to extend it, but
gave that as the only reason why he did not
extend it, and makes this statement m Ins
decision:
" In this case I find a valuable and very ingenious
invention, for which the inventors have not been
adequately remunerated, iiindthat they have been
diifgentVand that the public interest would besorved
in the grant of their extension, by fostering a new
and valuable manufacture, now m V?.
rpouirin# further tim© protection for its lull
development. The only question which presents
any difficulty arises from the grant of:for®*" K*'"
ents. In the cases of Ward and Boyor I held ttot
