1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong...2d Sess.
the said Commissioner be, and he is hereby,
authorized to abate and remit the direct tax
of fifty cents per gallon due and unpaid upon
all such distilled spirits or high wines as he
shall find were destroyed by said fire on said
day. except so far as the owner maybe indem-
nified against said tax by a valid claim for
insurance.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXCVI.—An Act for the Relief of
F. and B. Reed, of Bath, Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House nf Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to pay to F. and E. Reed, of Bath,
Maine, owners and agents of the ship William
M. Reed, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of twelve
hundred dollars in full satisfaction of all claims
in behalf of the owners of said ship William
M. Reed, for her arrest and detention in the
port of Valencia, Spain, by the American
consul, in October, eighteen hundred and sixiy-
nine, for the protection of American citizens.
Approved, June 8,1872.
Chap. CCCXCVII.—An Act for the Relief
of Charles Hipp, of St. Mary's, Auglaize
County, Ohio.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to Charles Hipp, postmaster at Saint Mary's,
Auglaize county, Ohio, the sum of two hun-
dred and twenty-lhree dollars; one hundred
and twenty-four dollars and fifty eight cents
of said sura being postage-stamps on hand
deposited with him as such postmaster for
sale, and ninety-eight dollars and forty-two
Cents being cash on band derived from the
money-order business of said office; which
■was stolen on the night of the sixteenth of
June, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, by
some person or persons unknown, who bur-
glariously entered said office and forced an
entrance into the iron safe in which said
money was deposited, by blowing said safe
open with gunpowder ; and which said sum
of money has been accounted for by said Hipp.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXCVIII.— An Act for the Relief
of Calista B. Cox.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States o/ America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents, upon due application made to him
therefor, and upon the same evidence and rules
of law as in ordinary extension cases, be, and
hereby is, authorized to extend the patent ot
Harvey W. Sabin, late of Canandaigna, New
York, deceased, for improvement in horse
hay-rakes, issued to him December third,
eighteen hundred and fifty, extended bv the
Commissioner of Patents for seven years from
the third day of December, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, and re-issued by his assignees in
four divisions March twenty-eighth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, for the further term
of seven years fiom and after the passage ol
this act: Provided, however, That, said ex-
tended term shall mure to the sole benefit of
Calista E. Cox, widow of the said Harvey W.
Sabin, her heirs and assigns: And provided
further, That no person shall be liable for
infringing such extended patent by reason of
any manufacture, use, or sale subsequent to
the the third day of December, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, and prior to the pas-
sage of this act.
Appbovsd, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXCIX.—An Act for the Relief of
Joseph A. Clay, of Philadelphia.
Whereas under the treaty of indemnity be-
tween the United States and Spain, concluded
at Madrid on the seventeenth day of February,
eighieen hundred and thirty-four, and under the
award of the commissioner appointed to adju-
dicate upon claims for indemnity presented un-
der the said treaty, awards were made for (he
sums of two hundred and three dollars and
fourteen cents, and for six hundred and fiftv-
one dollars and eight cents, for which certifi-
cates numbers forty-three and one hundred
and thirty were issued and became the prop-
erty of" Joseph A. Clay, of the city of Phila-
delphia, and the said certificates have been
lost for many years and cannot be found, and
it is alleged that there is no authority in any
of the Departments to issue new certificates
to replace them : Therefor^,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hovse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Sectetary of
the treasury shall issue certificates of Spanish
indemnity to Joseph A. Clay, for the sums of
two hundred and three dollars and fourteen
cents and six hundred and fifiy-one dollars and
eight cents, and he is hereby empowered so to
do, to be held by the said Joseph A. Clay in lieu
and stead of like certificates of the same kind
and amount, and to bear the same date as the
said original certificates: Provided, '1 hat the
said claimant shall give security m double the
amount of the said awards that no claim shall
be made upon the said lost certificates, or
that, if any such claim shall be established
thereon, he will return and cancel the said new
certificates. •
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CD.—An Act granting a Pension to
George W. Parris.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll the name
of George W. Parris, of Dayton, Ohio, at the
rate of fifteen dollars per month, to take effect
from and after the passage of this act.
Approved, Juue 8, 1872.
Chap. CDI.—An Act. forthe Relief of Edward
G. Allen, of London, England.
Beit enacted bythe Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, l'liat the Sect etary of the
Treasury be, and be is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Edward G. Allen, of Lon-
don, England, out. of any money in the Ireas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
fourteen hundred and eighty dollars, the pur-
chase-money for books for the Library of
Congress, of which sum he was unjustly de-
frauded by the conduct of the Librarian, in
the year eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CD II.—An Act for the Relief of
Robert B. Williamson.
Beit enacted bythe Senate andHoiae of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and be is hereby, authoiized and
directed to pay, out of any moneys in^ the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Lioo-
ert B. Williamson, the sum of two thousand
five hundred and sixty-seven dollars, which
shall be in full discharge of all claims aga'nst
the United Stales on account of property
belonging to the said Williamson taken from
liis farm in Fauquier county, Virginia, in the
years eighteen hundred and sixty-two and
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, for the use
of the Army.
Appboved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CDIH.—An Act. for the settlement of
the Accounts of Major Abram Beeler, late
Payinas'er of United States Volunteers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department be, and tbey
are hereby, authorized to settle the account of
Major Abram Beeler, late paymaster of United
States volunteers, and credit him with such
amount and items as stand charged against
him, and which they may reasonably believe
he could have accounted for and had credited
to his account had be not been suddenly
killed by guerillas, while in the discharge of
his duty, on the twenty-seventh of October,
auno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-
four.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CDIV.—An Act for the Relief of the
estate of Ely Moore.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of eleven
thousand two hundred and ninety-nine dol-
lars be, and the same is hereby, allowed to
the estate of Ely Moore, late register of the
land office at Lecompton, Kansas, for the
money necessarily paid out and expended by
said Ely Moore, in the payment of cletks
necessarily employed in said land office, be-
tween the nineteenth day of January, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and
the twenty-seventh day of January, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to pay said estate eleven thousand two hun-
dred and ninety-nine dollars, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CDV.—An Act for the Relief of W. A.
Howard.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, l'bat the proper account-
ing officer of the Treasury is hereby directed
to cause to be paid to the "legal representative
of W. A. Howard, deceased, late of tne New
York marine artillery and of the thirteenth
New York heavy artillery, the full pay and
emoluments of a colonel of artillery, from
September twenty-firsi, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, to May twenty nimh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two: t-rovided. That all pay
and emoluments received by said W. A. How-
ard as an officer of the United States during
the aforesaid period shall be deducted from
tbe amount authorized by this act.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chaf. CDVI.—An Act referring the Claim of
the Heits and L gal Representatives of
Colonel Francis Vigo, deceased, to tbe
Couit of Claims for Adjustment.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the claim of tbe
heirs and legal representatives of Colonel
Francis Vigo, deceased, late of Terre Haute,
Indiana, for money and supplies furnished ihe
troops under command of General George
Rogers Clark, in the year seventeen hundred
and seventy-eight, during the revolunonaiy
war. be, and the same is hereby, referred, aiong
with all the papers and official documents
belonging thereto, to the Court of Claims, with
