1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4473
MESSAGE FROM TDK UOCSB.
A mes°age from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that, the House had recommitted the bill (H.
R. No. 2705) making appropriations for sun-
d>y civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for other
purposes, to the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. K. No. 1310) for the lelief of
George W. Sturtevant:
A bill (H. K. No. 1424) to reimburse John
E- Woodward for certain moneys paid by him ;
A bill (H. K. No. 1457) for the iehef of
Martin P. Hardin, of Pontotoc county, Mis-
sissippi ;
A bill (H. It. No. 2949) for the relief of
William H. Muse; and
A bill (H. K. No. 1634) for the relief of
Benjamin W. Reynolds.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to take up
the resolution to extend the session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolved by the Semite, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring.) That the hour fixed for the final
adjournment ot the two Houses on Monday, the
lOih instant, be extended to six o'clock p. ill. of that
d.iy. at whicli hour the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House do adjourn their respect-
ive Houses without day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that resolution
will not. be concurred in. It is well known to
the Senate and the country that nearly the
whole tunc of this session has been occupied
m a discussion forced upon this body by three
or tour ot its members. This discussion that
has been going on and occupying the time of
the Senate for the last six months is said to
have been in accordance with an understand-
ing had early in November last at a hotel in
New York between a distinguished Demo-
cratic Senator and a distinguished Senator
who had formerly been a Republican, with
Samuel J. Tilden and divers and sundry other
Democrats that I could name, that a new party
should be organized, to be called the Reform
party. In the conclave between these dis-
tinguished Senators, and in the room of the
Republican Senator, it was thought advisable
that, the Democratic party in this body should,
during the pending of this discussion, remain
neutral, that they should allow the discon
tented on this side of the Chamber to do the
talking, and that a certain Republican Sen-
ator, whom I will not name, should be the
nominee of this new party.
Mr. FEN 1'ON. 1 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Michigan yield?
\Mr. FENTON. May I interrupt my friend
so far as to ask him to give the names of those
Senators?
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall not do it.
Air. FENTON. I will say by way of inter-
ruption, if the Senator will allow, that 1 do
not believe a word in the truth of the state-
ment he makes.
Air. CHANDLER. I do not ask the Sen-
ator to believe it; I do not suppose he knew
anything about it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator yield to the Senator from California.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. Do I understand the
Senator from Michigan to say that there was
an agreement to which the Democrats of (bis
body were parlies?
Mr. CHANDLER. The alleged under-
standing between the conspirators m that
room at a hotel in New York, early in No-
vember last, has apparently been carried out,
and I wish to compliment my friends, the
Democrats on the other side of the House, for
the fidelity with which they have consciously
or unconsciously carried out the part assigned
to them.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, there is
not. a word of truth in that, statement from the
beginning to the end of it. There was no
agreement; there was no understanding. I
have spoken to the Democrats here, and they
say—and their words are just as good as mine,
and my word 1 undertake to say is as good as
any man's—that there is not a word of truth
in the whole statement from the beginning to
the end of it.
.Mr. CHANDLER. That is the opinion of
the Senator; it is not mine, because 1 have
been informed of it from a source I cannot
question. Of course i was not there. Its
truth 1 cannot doubt.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does the Senator, when
I speak ot my own act, question my statement?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not question so
far as the Senator's own action is concerned.
1 am not talking about that. I am talking
about an understanding, which the Senator
perhaps knew nothing about, and undoubtedly
did know nothing about.
Air. CASSERLY. An understanding be-
tween whom ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Between the conspir-
ators—1 do not name them—between the con-
spi i at.ors.
Air. CASSERLY. Does the Senator by
tbat.som^wtiai unge ntlemanly and discourteous
term, if applied to Senators here, include in
that word "conspirators" any Democratic Sen-
ators ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I include the parties
who were assembled in that room at a hotel in
New York early in November last, and if the
coat that I shall make tits anybody he can put
it on.
Mr. FENTON. I submit that the Senator
ought to give the names of the Senators, as he
says he knows what took place. I think he is
in duty bound to give the names of the Sen-
ators.
Air. CHANDLER. I was not present at this
conference, but 1 am telling what I had reason
to believe occurred, and 1 do not see fit to give
the namesand 1 shall not give the names, and
Imust saysubsequentevents have corroborated
the statements then made.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Michigan allow me to appeal to him ? So far
as I know, and I think that will be the state-
ment of every one of my pobticat associates
upon this floor, the Senator has been grossly
misinlormed. There was no understanding,
si ill less was there any conspiracy.
Mr. 1'HURAIA.N. I would like to know
exactly from the Senator from Michigan what is
his statement. Let us have something definite.
Air. CHANDLER. I stated that 1 had been
informed that a former Republican Senator,
at his room at a hotel in New York last^ No-
vember, in concert with certain prominent
Democrats, came to an understanding that a
Republican Senator should be the nominee
of the new organization, and that the assaults
to be made upon the Republican party and the
piesent Administration were to be made trom
tins side of the Chamber. 1 state furthermore
that that understanding has beeu most faith-
fully, honestly, and earnestly carried out.
Mr. THUiiMAN. Now, Iwish to reply.
That implies that such an understanding was
known to the Senators here ; otherwise they
could not have honestly and faithfully carried
it out.' And now when the Senator says that
so far as I am concerned—and each one can
speak for himselt—so far as he imputes to me
any knowledge of any understanding, 1 give it
a fiat and unqualitied denial ; and bis state-
ment to-day is the first 1 have heard ot such an
understanding. His remark that the Senators
here have faithfully carried it out, implies that
they knew of such an understanding. I say
nothing about the manifest impropriety of
speaking of understandings when a man will
not take the responsibility of giving names.
But whether there was such an understanding
or was not an understanding, I know nothing
about it; but this I do know, that his assertion
this day is the first 1 ever heard of such an
understanding.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yery likely the Senator
never heard of it.
Mr. Sl'EVENSON. May I asktheSenator
from Michigan whether the Senator that he
refers to m that secret meeting is on this floor?
Do I understand the Senator from Michigan
to say there was a Democratic Senator on this
floor who was in that room in that alleged
conspiracy ?
Mr. CHANDLER. There was a Democratic
Senator in that conference, as I was informed,
but 1 do not choose to name him.
Air. STEVENSON. Air. President, I de-
sire to say that this is the first time 1 ever heard
of it. I never heard of au intimation of such
a thing, and I think it is due to the Democracy
on this floor that the Senator should not charge
a conspiracy unless he is prepared to give the
name of the Democratic Senator who took part
in that conference.
Air. CHANDLER. In accordance with that
understanding as represented tome, Air. Presi-
dent, almost on the first day of the session, I
believe on the very first day, this ho l of
'• reform" was raised upon this side ot the
Chamber, a perfect howl for reform. Com-
mittee after committee of investigation was
proposed to be organized ; and, Mr. President,
the lime of this session was occupied day after
day, week after week, and month after month
in this political discussion by members on this
side of ihe Chamber, and members upon ihe
other side of the Chamber took no part, or
comparatively no part in the discussion.
Air. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a moment?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Air. A10RTON. I ask the Senator if he
will not give way for the time to allow a vote
to be taken upon this resolution to continue
the session until six o'clock this evening, in
order that it may go to the House in time to
be acted upon there. Should this resolution
Oe agreed to here, and concurred in there, it
may avoid the necessity of an extra session.
I submit the question to the Senator.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am trying to convince
the Senate ihat this extension of time ought
not to be made. My whole argument will be
to convince the Senate that no extension of
time ought to be made under the circum-
stances. If the other House see fit to filibus-
ter and prevent legislation, upon them rests
the responsibility. Mr. President, if we have
not been able to complete the legislation that
was required of us, let the responsibility rest
upon those who have wasted the time of this
body instead of attending to their duties. I
wash my hands of all responsibility on both
sides.
But, Mr. President, not content with'raising
this cry for reform, not content with cieaiing
committee after committee, early in the ses-
sion the Senate passed, on the motion ot the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] a reso-
lution to adjourn ou the 29th day of May.
Whether that resolution was a wise one or not,
I will not now inquire; but it passed this body
and lay upon the table of the House of Repre-
sentatives for several months, four or live
months, until we passed a resolution asking
the House to return it. Well, sir, in the other
House there was a bargain made or implied
among certain parties, as I am informed and
believe. When the tariff bill was under dis-
cussion in the other House, certain parties, a3
I am informed, came to this understanding:
" If you will allow us to pass the Senate reso-
lution to adjourn on the 29th of Alay, then
you may fix the tariff bill just as you please.
