1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1785
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rose with this view:
if these cases are alike, one ought not to pass
and the other not pass. I therefore move to
reconsider the vote by which the other bill
was passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be entered.
reports of committees.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print the President's message and the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury in the Ger-
man language, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 597) to authorize the Little
Rock, Pine Bluff, and Arkadelphia Southwest-
ern Railroad Company to construct a bridge
over the Ouachita river at or near Arkadel-
phia, Arkansas, reported it with amendments.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
Appropriations, to whom was referred the
memorial of Warrington Sommers, clerk in
the Fifth Auditor's office, asking for the dif-
ference in pay between a third and fourth class
clerkship from June 1,1869, to March 1,1870,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 527) to reimburse
United States marshals for moneys necessarily
expended by them in taking the ninth census,
in excess of the compensation allowed them
under the law in force before the passage of
this act, reported it with an amendment..
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the bill (S.
No. 11) to abolish the tax upon incomes, and
also the bill (S. No. 343) to reduce internal
taxes and to abolish the office of Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration, on the ground
that the subject-matter was embraced in legis-
lation proposed by the House of Represent-
atives. _
The VICE PRESIDEN 1\ If there be no
objection, both these bills will be indefinitely
postponed. .
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also authorized by
the same committee, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 323) to authorize compound-
interest notes as a substitute for legal tender
notes, to report it adversely. As the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] takes an
interest in this bill, I a^k that it be placed on
the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee. m _ ...
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made. . ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
bv the Committee on Finance, to whom was
referred the bill (8. No. 796) to provide for an
adequate supply of circulating medium to the
States needing it, to report it adversely and
recommend its indefinite postponement, with
the suggestion, made by one member of the
committee, that if the bill had been proposed
to furnish an adequate supply of the circulat-
ing medium to each individual instead ot each
State needing it, it would probably have met
with more favor from the Finance Committee.
[LThf VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
indefinitely postponed.
atchison, topeka, and santa fe railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill which I
have had up for two mornings now, and which
has been amended to meet, the views of Sen-
ators. It is Senate bill No. 6<6, to extend
the time for the completion of the Atchisoi,
Topeka, and Santa Fe railroad. Ihe bill aas
been up twice, and has now been amended so
as to meet the views of everybody, i think.
The VICE PRESIDEN f. The call of the
morning business is now resting at the intro-
duction of bills and joint resolutions, pending
which the Senator from Kansas asks unani-
mous consent to consider the bill indicated by
him, stating that it has been or is to be
amended so as to obviate all objections to it.
Is there objection?
Mr. CORBETT. If the bill can be passed
without any discussion, I shall not object.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there will lie none.
Mr. CORBETT. I have already obtained
leave to call up a bill after the morning busi-
ness is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be sub-
ject to a demand for the regular order. The
Senator from Oregon obtained the unanimous
cousent of the Senate to submit some remarks
on a bill at the close of the morning business.
The bill of the Senator from Kansas will be
reported, subject to objection.
Mr. POMEROY. It will take no time at
all, I apprehend.
Mr. CORBETT. I am afraid the morning
hour will expir ebefore I can get an opportun-
ity to be heard.
Mr. POMEROY. I merely desire to make
the corrections in this bill suggested by several
Senators and then to have a vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported as it will read if amended.
Mr. POMEROY'. The amendments have
all been agreed to except a mere clerical one
which I now desire to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Sec-
retary will read the bill as it now stands
amended, for the information of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Be it enacted &e„ That the time for the completion
of the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fo railroad, as
prescribed by an act entitled "An aet for a grant of
lands to the State of Kansas, in alternate sections, to
aid in the construction of certain railroads and tele-
graphs in said State," approved March 3,1863, be,
and the same is hereby, extended to March 3, 18/1:
Provided, That said railroad company shall com-
plete its railroad and telegraph from the city ot
Atchison, on tlie Missouri river, to tho crossing ot
Pawnee Fork, near Eort Lamed, by the 1st day ot
That the lands granted by the act of March
3,1863, and lying west of the point at which said
road and telegraph shall be constructed subsequent
to March 3, 1873, (excepting only such as are neces-
sary to reserve for the use of the company,) snail be
sold to actual settlers only, and 111 Quantities not
more than one hundred and sixty acres to any one
person, under such restrictions and regulations
as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the In-
terior, at such prices as will secure to said company,
its successors or assigns, an average price ot not
more than $2 50 per acre for the land actually certi-
fied for cach completed section of twenty miles ot
said railroad, subj ectto the foreeomg conditions and
limitations. Said company, as fast as each section
of its road shall be completed, phall receive pat-
ents, as provided m said act ot March 3, 18o3, for
such odd sections of land as may be necessary to
make up deficiencies in saiu section, or on any other
completed sections of said road, and which may be
situated within the indemnity limits prescribed in
said act of March 3,1863.
Mr. POMEROY. The first correction which
I am instructed to make is to have a period
instead of a comma inserted after the word
"railroad," in the thirteenth line m the sec-
ond section, and to strike out the period m
line fourteen and insert a comma. It is a
^The^ICE' PRESIDENT. That is a cler-
ical error, and will be corrected.
Mr POMEROY. Then the word patents
in the fifteenth line should be stricken out so
that the company will receive their lands from
the State instead of patents from the Govern-
ment. Then the word "for,' mthe sixteenth
line, should be stricken out, so that the clause
will read:
land as may be necessary, &c.
Those are the only corrections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. . If there be no
obiection, these amendments will be regarded as
agfcedTo'. The bill is open to further amend-
m Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
whether this bill interferes with other grants
to other railroads; whether there are not grants
made to other railroads that will be affected
by this bill?
Mr. POMEROY. Not at all. It does not
affect any other grant, or any other company,
or any other act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The reason I make the
inquiry is this: in the case of some of the Iowa
ro'ads a few years ago we had made grants of
land in just this way, and then subsequently
grants were made to other railroads, and then
again Congress legislated reviving the first
grants, and it led to a great deal of litigation
between rival companies as to which of them
was entitled to the land. When we come in
simply to extend the time as we are constantly
doing here, without a careful examination of
the statutes, we are liable to grant the land
twice. I am not advised in reference to this,
and do not know that any such state of things
arises. But there is another clause in this bill
that strikes me as singular, that this land is to
be sold upon terms to be fixed by some officer.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sirj to be sold at
$2 50 per acre to actual settlers only, upon
such terms 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Upon such term? as
who is to fix ?
Mr. POMEROY. The Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And the title is to come
from the State?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The title is to come
from the State, and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior is to fix the terms of sale 1
Mr. POMEROY. He is to fix them so as
to average the lands at $2 SO an acre.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a very incongru-
ous proceeding. The title, as the Senator has
now amended the bill, is to come from the
State, and yet the Secretary of the Interior is
to fix the terms of sale! That is a very strange
proceeding.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon demands the regular order.
Mr. POMEROY. The only answer to that
is that the lands were given to the States
originally, and they were required to have
their patents from the States, and the Secre-
tary of the Interior certifies them to the State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the State should
regulate the terms of sale.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like a vote on
this. There will be no further debate.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to a
vote. If we cannot vote, 1 shall call for the
regular order.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia.^ I desire to
move some amendments to this bill.
Mr. CORBETT. Then I demand the reg-
ular order.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have the
Senator offer his amendment. Pejhaps I will
accept if.
Mr. CORBETT. I object.
Mr. POMEROY. It is m order for the
Senator from West Virginia to offer anything.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Objection is
made to the further consideration ot this bill.
The introduction of bills is now in order.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (b. No.
838) to facilitate the trials of criminal^ causes
and reduce expenses in the western judicial
district of Arkansas; which was read twice
bv its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unammous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (b.
No. 830) to encourage internal improvements
in the Territories; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Comm.ttee on iem-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr CONKLINO asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 840) for the relief of Anson Atwood,
