2682.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
against the statute of 1863. In the one case
we described persons who should not beclaim-
1 ants in court, and in the other, persons who
Should not hold office. If the pardon can re-
peat our legislation in the one case it can in
the other.
The reason why the pardon cannot operate
against the amendment is because it describes
persons who shall not hold office, and declares
that those Who have done certain acts, left
Congress, held positions, or been in office in
the army against the Government, should be
ineligible, and the pardon cannot repeal the
enactment, of the Constitution.
Mr. BAYARD. Not a statute?
- Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is no dif-
ference in validity between a constitutional
statute and the Constitution. And besides,
the pardoning power, exercised according to
the Constitution, is the Constitution speaking,
and a constitutional amendment must be so
construed and have such effect and only such
as permits it to be consistent with the exist-
ing Constitution. The argument is as good
in favor of admitting all the rebels to office,
or, not to use too offensive a word, in favor of
admitting all those who are under constitu-
tional disability to office, as it is to admitting
disloyal claimants to the privilege of prose-
cuting and recovering their demands in the
Court of Claims.
What have we here? Simply a statutory
right to sue in a statute couit. It is not com-
mon-law right; it is not a right guarantied by
the Constitution ; and what possible pretense
of claim can any one have unless it be by
authority of Congress ? What claim against
such authority? I do not, cannot think that
the Supreme Court intended to set up their
adjudication against the law of Congress. They
mistook us and held that we. did not intend,
by the statute of 1863, what we know we did
intend. That, is the ground tliey take. They
do not say that we had not the right to enact
the law, or that the law construed according
to our intent can be repealed by the pardon ;
they insist that it was not the intention of
Congress to exclude that class from the bene-
fit, of this fund, but admit its power to do so.
The Chief Justice,, in.h's opinion, says:
" Undoubtedly tho Legislature has complete con-
trol over the organization and existonce of that
court, and may confer or withhold the right of appeal
from its decisions."
That is all we claim. Now we intend by the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont- to
exercise the control which the Supreme Court
says we undoubtedly have, and make it a
requisite to a claimant for any portion of the
proceeds of this captured property that he
shall never have given aid or comfort to the
rebellion.
Mr. MORTON next addressed the Senate
in remarks which will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall now have a
vote on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont as he lias modified it, and I think he
has by his modification made it more palatable
to the Senators generally. I hope we shall
not enter upon a long political discussion on
this amendment to a deficiency appropria-
tion bill, the necessity for the passage of which
is so very urgent. [ do not wish, to interfere
with anybody who desires to speak, but really
I am very sorry to see a political discussion
precipitated upon this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, it has
been said that the greatest minds have never
been found free from some imperfection.
The ability of the Seuator from Indiana is a
thing that no one denies; but it is no disre-
spect to him to say that he has his imperfec-
tions, and one of the most marked imperfec-
tions is that it seems to be quite impossible
for him to discuss any question, however re-
mote from party politics, that he does not
convert it, in some way or other into a theme
for a partv speech. There was nothing in
this question to call for any party speech ;
certainly there was nothing to call for a repe-
tition of party speeches that we have heard
again and again and again until the sound of
them palls on the ear. There was no reason
for any such thing as that. There was no
reason to assault the Supreme Court in the
first place, and there was no reason to assault
the Democratic party, and there was no rea-
son to try to terrify timid men and women
and children with the idea of great troubles
and horrors and disasters in the future in the
event of the Democratic party or any such
party coming into power in this country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend from
Ohio what he means by "any such party?"
Mr. THURMAN. Take it as a lapsus
lingua;. [Laughter.] I mean a party that
regards the Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That cannot be the Dem-
ocratic party.
Mr. THURMAN. That is the Democratic
party. That is what I mean.
Now, Mr. President, I have a few words to
say upon this amendment. I would not say
them now, but that the chairman of the com-
mittee who has this bill in charge is naturally
anxious that it should be disposed of, and I do
not wish to delay it to another day in order
that I may have another opportunity to say
what I have to say upon it. But before I do
that, allow me one word about this subject of
the fourteenth amendment which has been
most extraordinarily drawn in here.
The Senator from Indiana says that he has
heard it on this floor that means were resorted
to to pass that amendment, which were unlaw-
ful, which were unconstitutional; that States
were coerced into passing it. Yes, sir, he has
heard that, and he will hear it just as long as
he lives. He has heard that you made it a
fundamental condition,to the exercise of that
right which a State had to representation in
Congress that it should be deprived of its
free will in the determination of the question
whether or not it would assent or dissent to
an amendment to the Constitution. You have
heard that, and you will hear it as long as
the men who regard the Constitution, of the
country shall survive to speak it.
But, sir, that is one question ; and the ques-
tion whether the amendment is binding upon
the country is wholly a different question. If
the Senator will apply to that the acumen he
has, he can understand the difference perfectly
well. A law may pass this Congress ; it may
be (if such a case were supposable) bribed
through ; every man who voted for it may have
been corrupted by bribery ; and yet no court
in the world can go into the question whether
it was obtained by bribery or not. Senators
may vote for a law under personal duress;
Representatives may vote for it in the same
way under personal duress; but when it is
passed according to the forms of law and has
received the approval of the President, no
court whatever can inquire whetherits passage
was obtained by fraud or corruption or duress.
And so, sir, in regard to the act of a Legisla-
ture, as was dccided long ago in the Yazoo
claim case. There tho highest court in the
country held that it had no power to decide
that an act which passed the Legislature of
Georgia was obiained by fraud, although the
fraud was as patent as the sun that shone above
their heads.
And so, sir, in regard to this question of the
fourteenth amendment,. I should think that
the Senator from Indiana might undeistand
that no court in this country can inquire whether
a Legislature of a State which ratified that
amendment was coerced into the ratification
by your legislation or acted of its own free will.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator, in his view, supposing that to be so,
whether Congress could not say that the States
had been coerced, and that therefore the
amendment was not binding?
.Mr. THU-RMAN. No, sir; no more than a
court can say it. The truth of it, is all in a
nutshell. You have fastened this upon the
country; there is no denying it. Why have you
fastened it upon the country ? The argument is
in a nutshell. The Constitution provides for
its own amendment in a particular form—au
amendment, by the consent of three fourths of
the States where an amendment is proposed
by Congress—but the Constitution provides no
mode by which the fact of three fourths of the
States having ratified that amendment shall be
verified andattested. The Constitution is silent
on that subject. It necessarily therefore leaves
it to legislation to determine what shall be the
verification of the adoption of an amendment
to the Constitution. Accordingly, as far back
as 1818 Congress passed a law providing for
the verification of the fact of the adoption of
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Thatis made the evidence. Every
court in the country takes it as the conclusive
evidence of the fact. The certificate of the
Secretary of State made by .that act the evi-
dence of the fact is taken in every judicial
tribunal in the country as conclusive evidence
of the fact. It is so provided by the law that
it shall be the evidence. And therefore the
Legislature having the power to provide
what shall be the evidence of the fact, every
court takes it to be the evidence of the fact.
Then what is the case here? Yon coerced
States into adopting the fourteenth amend-
ment ; at least you passed laws that they
should not have their representation in Con-
gress until they did adopt that amendment.
1 cannot say as a matter of absolute certainty
that they would have rejected the amendment
if you had not imposed what you called that
fundamental condition to their representation
here ; 1 can only say that I have the opinion
perhaps that some of them would have re-
jected it if you had left them with their free
will, which the Constitution intended they
should have. But it is a subject which no
man can say absolutely is this way or is that
way; but the forms have been gone through
with; the evidence provided by law has been
furnished ; the proclamation, so. to speak, of
the Secretary of State" has been giveu ; it is
recognized in all the courts; it was recognized
in the Supreme Court but yesterday in a de-
cision pronounced in that court. That being
the case, there is no man in the country who
now denies that that is binding as a part of
the Constitution of the country, however un-
lawful, however violent were the measures you
resorted to in order to compel its adoption.
So much for that; but when the Senator
wants us to go further and admit not only its
binding force, but to say that it was right to
coerce States to adopt it, that it was right to
deprive them of the free will which the Con-
stitution contemplated they should exercise—
when he wants us to be guilty of that stultifica-
tion, to take back all we have said on that sub-
ject, admit that we were in error when we said
it, he asks more than he will get. It is enough
when the country submits to it, because the
country cannot help it. The country under-
stands it perfectly well. The country ac-
quiesces in it. The amendments of the Con-
stitution are recognized in all courts, Federal
and State everywhere, in the elections of the
people everywhere, whether the means by
which they were adopted were justifiable or
not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Do I under
stand my friend from Ohio as meaning to say
that he regrets the adoption of the fourteenth
amendment?
Mr. THURMAN. I did not say any such
thing. I am not going into that question. 1
am trying to stick to the Senator's amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But the. Sen
ator said he submitted to it because he could
not help it.
