4474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June
10,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the Senator from Michigan has do right
to refer to the proceedings in the other House.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am talking not about
the House, bat about certain members coming
to an understanding. I am not speaking of
the House; I am speaking about certain mem-
bers.
Mr. POMERO'Y. The rule applies to mem-
bers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the remarks of the Senator from Mich-
igan are not in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will suspend
them so far as that point is concerned. Mr.
President, on a given day the tariff bill passed
and was entirely, I suppose, satisfactory to
the parties in interest, and on the self-same
day, instead of returning to this body, as re-
quested, and as the usual courtesy dictated, the
resolution to adjourn on the 29th of May, they
sent us back the resolution concurred in by
the House, and thatf too, on the very day that
the tariff bill passed, thus giving us but a few
days to perfect not only that bill, but all the
other legislation that was required.
Now we have sent over to the House a very
important bill, to wit, the sundry civil ex-
penses appropriation bill. Upon that bill we
put an amendment that Was deemed by this
body to be important, and which I believe to
be important. That amendment, it seems,
was not in accordance with the views of the
Democratic party in the other House, and on
account of that amendment there was ft disa-
greement, and it was referred to a committee
of conference, and that committee of confer-
ence reported back the bill in the shape in
which it now stauds. The House has ample
time from now nntil twelve o'clock to adopt
that report from thai committee of conference,
ample time to pass that bill; and I trust that
between now and twelve o'clock the House of
Representatives will pass that bill. I do not
think that the extension of the time for six
hours or for six days would be of the slightest
importance, or would do any good whatever.
Mr. President, at the request of friends I
will give way to let a vote be taken on the
resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr, POOL. What is the resolution 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution extending the time of adjournment
until six o'clock.
Mr. POOL. I thought the Senator from
Michigan moved to lay it on the table?
The-PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan withdrew that motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 did not make that
motion.
Mr. POOL. I offer an amendment to the
resolution. Strike out all after the word " con-
curring' ' and insert:
That the joint resolution of the1 two Houses to
adjourn at twelve o'clock a. m. to-day b« rescinded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina. [Putting the question.] The
noes appear to have it.
Mr. POOL. I call for a division.
The question being again put, there were
on a division—ayes 15, noes 33.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on that.
The'yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 39 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Carpenter, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Conkling, iidttmads, Ferry of Michigan, Flan-
agan, Marian, Kellogg-, Logau, Kye, Osborii, Pool,
Pratt,^and Stewart—1(5.
NAYS—-Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Eoreman, Buckinfdiaus, Caldwell, Casserly, Cole,
Cooper Corbett, Cragi , Eenton, Hamilton oi Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly,
Morrill ofMaine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nor-
wood, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Baasem.Kice, Robertson,
Sauls baryT Scott, Sherman, Sfirague, Stevenson,
t took ton, Thurmaa, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers,
Pest, and Windom—39.
ABSENT—'Messrs. JJrownlow, Cameron, Davis
of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of
Connecticut, Frehnghuysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamlin, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Patterson, Sawyer,
Sohurz, Spencer, Sumnor,Wilson, and Wright—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. STEWART. House bill No. 1842, to
grant the right of way through the public lands
to the Eastern Nevada Railroad Company,
was read, and its passage was arrested by the
Senator from South Carolina. He withdraws
his objection, and I ask unanimous consent
that the bill may be put upon its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Nevada asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of the bill relative
to a railroad in Nevada.
Mr. THURMAN. What has become of the
resolution?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Nevada asks unanimous consent to
lay aside the resolution and proceed to vote on
the bill indicated by him.
Mr, THURMAN. No, let ua go on with
the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from North Carolina is entitled to the floor
on the resolution.
Mr. POOL. I rose for the purpose of offer-
ing an amendment. I move to strike out the
time named in the resolution,and insert ''Thurs-
day, the 27th of June, at twelve o'clock," and
on that I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. POOL. My object in offering the
amendment is for the purpose of getting such
an extension of this session as will enable
Congress to pass some necessary legislation.
As I understand it, according to the rules in
the House during the last ten days of a ses-
sion the majority is in the hands of the mi-
nority. Now, sir, if we extend this time one
day, or two days, or any time not beyond ten
days, nothing whatever is gained j the very
saime lock that we have seen for the last ten
or fifteen days will be upon our hands, and I
see no good policy in undertaking to extend
the time piecemeal. We had better put it
beyond the ten days in order that the rules of
the other House may be so loosened as that a
majority of that body shall have control of
the legislation of the session.
Now, sir, under the rules of fairness and
justice the majority in a legislative body ought
to control and direct all legislation. Every
resort of the minority to dilatory proceedings
to prevent the will of the majority controlling
is not only unfair, but it is against the best
policy of the country and against the spirit of
our institutions. The proposition which I
make to extend the session until the 27th of
June will loosen the rules of the House by
putting the day fixed upon beyond ten days
from this time, and I have no doubt at all in
my mind that by the adoption of this amend-
ment which I have offered, and passing the
resolution after it is thus amended, some of
the most necessary legislation of this session
will be perfected. 1 think we should not now
attempt to fix the time as fixed in the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Ohio.
It is not necessary for me to nam'e the dif-
ferent bills that I think ought to be passed
before we come to a final adjournment. There
is no good reason why I should go into the
merits of any of those measures ; they are
all well known to Senators. There has been
too much discussion privately among Senators
in regard to them to make it necessary for me
or for any one else to say anything as to the
importance of their passage on this occasion.
I believe- the present amendment ought to
be agreed to, and the session ought to be
extended, and that if it shall be e'xtended
to the 27th we shall get through the busi-
ness of the session before that time, and
i ay adjourn before that. I doubt whether
fixing the 27th of June as the day will pro- ,
long the session five days. We are now in
imminent danger of adjourning at twelve
o'clock, when a called session would be a
necessity, because of the non-passage of the
appropriation bill.
If Senators desire to attend to the business
of the country, if they desire to discharge the
duties which are incumbent upon them, if
they desire the majority of the House to have
their will enacted into laws, let this time be
extended until the 27th, and I have no doubt
but that we may adjourn in five days from this
time; but as long as we step a little way at a
time, and keep in our present position, we are
to have no legislation. I have made this mo-
tion to amehd in good faith and in the hope
that it will be adopted by the Senate. There
are reasons which should lead to its adoption.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is now
quite obvious that an extra session is almost
inevitable. I am very desirous that the onus
or responsibility for that shall be placed upon
the House; and yet the Senator from North
Carolina comes in here with propositions
which he knows cannot carry, and they have
the effect to place the onus or responsibility
upon the Senate. The measures which he
proposes have been debated heretofore, time
and again, and refused, and here while we
have but a little more than thirty minutes
these same dilatory motions which inevitably
consume the last moments of -the session are
introduced. I trust that we shall at once pro-
ceed to vote on the proposition merely ex-
tending the time to six o'clock this evening.
By that means it seems to me that any party
in the House which is disposed to vote on the
proposition which is already before them will
have ample time, but I confess that I have no
faith that the House are going to adopt the
proposition.
Mr. CONKLING. They have adopted it
already. The House have extended the ses-
sion until six o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Even with the
extension to six o'clock, I have no question
but what an extra session is inevitable, and I
desire that the Senate may not be placed in
the attitude of filibustering here to prevent
action on this proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I have been
one of those who have acted as hard as I could
in favor of a total repeal of this provision. L
have failed. I have been opposed to any exten-
sion of the time so long as the attitude of the
House has been what ithas been until within an
hour or two. Of course, it is not my place or my
right to characterize that in any respect. Now,
as the thing stands, I think it the fair and hon-
orable thing to make an extension until six
o'clock, as the last effort which we are called
upon to make in that direction. Therefore I
hope that mv friends with whom I have acted
hitherto in respect to this question will be will-
ing, as the thing now stands, as the House has
taken a certain- action on the disputed question
showing a disposition to consider it, whatever
you may say of the motives, I think it right
and fair that we should do this thing of making
this extension, and I appeal to my friend from
North Carolina to let us do that.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I have
listened here very patiently, and I have waited
for weeks with much anxiety as to the result
of the adjournment. I have voted in good
faith from time to time to adjourn at the earliest
day. _ We have been surrounded by difficulties
and it is well understood that the great polit-
ical parties of the day 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will suspend. The Chair will receive a
message from the House of Representatives.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a resolution postponing the hour of adjourn-
ment until six o'clock p. m.; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that this House
