3578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M*y 17,
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Wilmington, Dklawahb.
May 14, 1872.
Hon. John P. Stockton :
I hope the K.u Klux bill will not be disposed of
until nay return next Monday, when I should like
to speak upon it. Mr. Scott knows my wi^h
T.F. BAYARD.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps the Senator from
Pennsylvania will allow me to make a sugges-
tion. If this bill were taken up on Monday,
perhaps the minority of the Senate would
agree that it should be closed on Tuesday
night, allowing two days' full debate.
Mr. SCOTT. I have already made a propo-
sition that we take it up to-morrow and close
it on Monday evening, and that has been
declined.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps this would suit
them better, as the Senator from Delaware will
be here on Monday. Two days certainly ought
to be enough to dispose of a bill only four lines
°The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks unanimous consent that the
bill be taken up on Monday at twelve o'clock
and voted upon on Tuesday night before the
adjournment.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to say a -word.
Prom the character of this bill, commonly
called the Ku Klux bill, we know it will likely
take some time to pass it in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and therefore if it is to pass at
this session it ought to pass this body at a very
early period. I think it has.been delayed too
long now; I think that is the opinion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania ; and while I.should
be glad myself to do anything to accommodate
an absent Senator, yet under the circumstances
this bill cannot be much longer delayed if
there is any hope, desire, or prospect of pass-
ing it at tbis session.
Mr. BLAIR. A proposition has been made
that this bill be deferred until Monday, and
then discussed, and that we close the debate
in two days. I have no idea that the debate
will go beyond that; but I should not like to
agree absolutely to it without having heard
what the Senator from Pennsylvania has to
say. I am satisfied myself that that will be
sufficient time for debate. I know for my own
part that I shall not desire to prolong the
debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio did not fix the hour on Tuesday at which
he proposed the vote should be taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I want to give the
broadest latitude lor two days.
Mr. SCOTT. I will make another prop-
osition to the Senator from Missouri. I will
consent to resume the floor and finish my
speech on the bill, and then the rest of this
day may be taken up with other business,and
let us resume the consideration of the bill to-
morrow and conclude it on Monday evening.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator will allow
me, he is so very kind, to make a suggestion
about this matter. The Senator from Indiana
says it is a short bill. Yes, sir, but a great
deal can be put in a few words. It extends a
bill, that is not a very short bill. It is obvious
we cannot tell until we hear what course the
debate shall take, and until we hear the speech
especially of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
what time it will be reasonable for us to dis-
cuss this bill. I am sure there is no disposi-
tion to waste time. I think the minority on
this floor are as anxious to adjourn as the
majority ; and so far as this particular bill is
concerned, I do not know now that I shall
have one word to say upon it. I spoke enough
upou the original bill. I may have incident-
ally to speak, but not long. I do not think
there will be a very prolonged debate. I can-
not tell, however.
I would be willing to agree to this : if the
Senate would take up the bill on Monday
morning, allowing us to have two days of this
week to transact business, I would consent
to sit the bill out on Wednesday, not to fix an
hour to vote, but to sit the bill out. Perhaps
we may do it sooner, and let it be sooner if
we can ; but I will agree to sit the bill out, for
one, on Wednesday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Say Tuesday.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not, like to say
Tuesday now. I would not like to make a
bargain now in advance for Tuesday, but I
am ready to say now that I will be willing to
sit the bill out on Wednesday. If we can
come to it on Tuesday, well and good. If the
proposition is agreeable to the Senate, I would
be glad to let us have those tw;o days.
Mr. SCOTT. As the amount of time in-
volved in this proposition seems to me so
nearly the same, commencing on Monday and
closing on Wednesday, or commencing to-day,
resuming-other business at the close of my
speech,and closing on Monday evening, the only
point to be considered is whether it is better to
consider this bill sooner or defer its considera-
tion for several days. I agree with the Sena-
tor from Indiana that what we do ought to be
done soon so that the House of Representa-
tives may have time to act.
Mr. THURMAN. Oh 1 they act under the
previous questiou.
Mr. SCOTT. They may not act at all. If
the original proposition which I made can be
accepted, that we close this bill on Monday
evening, not fix the hour to vote, but sit it
out, then I will go on now and at the close of
my speech let the unobjected bills on the
Calendar, or any other business, be taken up
and acted on to-day, go on with this bill to-
morrow, and close it on Monday evening.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. In the natural order of
things, this bill, having given way once or
twice, would betaken up this morning, and in
the natural order of things would be adhered
to until it is concluded. The Senator from
New Jersey interposed substantially a request
grounded in a matter of courtesy and accom-
modation. His friend from Delaware, being
absent,sends him atelegram,in which he speaks
of Monday as the time before which he hopes
this matter will not be concluded. Therefore,
the full measure of his request is complied
with by keppitig it alive and keeping it open
until Monday, that being the day named by
him when he would like to participate in the
debate. Now, Mr. President, I should not
like to be behind even my honorab'.e friend
from New Jersey in a matterof courtesy, and
he is not likely to fall short in that regard;
and yet I think that the Senator from Penn-
sylvania goes quite far enough when he fully
and entirely complies with the request of the
Senator from Delaware. That he does when
he proposes to let the bill proceed to-day and
proceed to-morrow, and not be concluded
before Monday, to go through Monday and
the whole of Monday to an hour just as late
as shall be preferred by the Senate..
Now, Mr. President, whether the Senator
from Pennsylvania gives these three days as
he proposes, or whether he gives three days
commencing on Monday, may exactly determ-
ine the ultimate fate of this measure. We know
thatthe House has passed a resolution fixingthe
3d of June—I suppose it is here. [" It is."]
Then I may speak of it—a resolution fixing
the 3d day of June as the day on which the
two Houses are to adjourn. We have sent
them a resolution which they still hold, fixing
an earlier day. By concurring in our resolu-
tion at any hour they /nay terminate the ses
sion on the 29th of May ; but the 3d of June
is the day on which they propose to terminate
it. Now the idea of sending this bill late next
week to the House of Representatives for
them to commence their consideration of it
is idle, unless, as was suggested by the Senator
from Ohio, somebody should undertake, under
the previous question, to put it through de-
prived of all opportunity of debate. I do not
think the Senator need fear any such thing. I
presume the Democratic members of that body
will not propose it, I feel warranted in saying
that it will not be proposed by anybody on the
other side. On the contrary there will be fair
opportunity for debate there, as there is here.
So that if the Senator from Pennsylvania
wishes, as evidently he does, to accommodate
the Senator from Delaware, and at the same
time avoid the loss of his bill, the only way is
to hold fast to it now and proceed, giving the
Senator from Delaware an opportunity on
Monday, and I hope he will stand by his prop-
osition as an ultimatum that the vote shall be
taken on Monday at the latest, some time be-
fore we adjourn, If anybody is averse to fixing
an hour, let it go through the (*ay, through the
evening, far into the night on Monday, but be-
fore we adjourn on Monday let us make an end
of this measure one way or the other. If it is
to fail, so be it. If it is to be adopted, cer-
tainly that is late enough in the session for an
adoption to take place. «
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope the suggestion
of the Senator from New York will not be
adopted. This bill is an important bill. Of
course it would not be in order now to discuss
the merits, nor do I expect to discuss it when
it comes up, but there are gentlemen on this
side of the House besides my colleague who
do expect to discuss this question, gentlemen
who did not discuss it when it was here origin-
ally, and they ought to be allowed to do so.
The majority on this floor have the power to
put through this bill at any hour they see
proper. They can sit it out to-day if they see
proper. But is it fair, is it courteous, is it
kma to the minority on this floor, because
they have got the power to put through a
bill of this character to-day, or to-morrow, or
Monday, that they should avail themselves of
that power and deprive the minority on this
floor of the right to be heard if they desire to
be heard? 1 hope the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from New York will not be acceded to.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, with the
consent of my friend from Pennsylvania, I wish
to make a suggestion. There are two propo-
sitions before the Senate, and the difference
between them is but the difference of a day.
One proposition is that which is favored by
the Senator from Pennsylvania and by the
Senator from New York, that we should take
up this bill and go on with it until it is disposed
of, say on Monday night, or whatever hour of
the day on Monday or on Tuesday may be
necessary. Another suggestion is, which I
wish to propose, that we take the bill up to-
morrow and go on with it on Saturday and
Monday and Tuesday, sitting it out on Tuesday
if the majority desire. That, it seems to me,
will allow the Army appropriation bill to come
up on the Calendar of unobjected cases, and
will make but the difference of a day.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania agreed to that, but the Senator from
Missouri objected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Missouri will object.
Mr. BLAIR. I intimated that I thought
two days would be sufficient, but I did not want
to bind myself absolutely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from California suggests that this bill be taken
up by unanimous consent at twelve o'clock
to-morrow, that whatever the unfinished busi-
ness may then be shall be laid on the table,
and the Senate proceed with its consideration
and continue until Tuesday evening, and that
the Senate agree on Tuesday night to sit the
bill out and finish it. Is there objection?
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
Mr. SCOTT. It seems we can make no
arrangement.
Mr. 3TJ3VENSON. . A bill of this import-
ance ought not to be disposed of in this way.
