838
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 10,
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
full jurisdiction to adjust and settle the same ;
and, in making such adjustment and settle-
ment, the said court shall be governed by the
rules and regulations heretofore adopted by
the United States in the settlement of like
cases, giving proper consideration to official
acts, if any have heretofore been bad in con-
nection wiih this claim, and without regard to
the statutes of limitations.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CDVII.—An Act for the Relief of
Moritz Augenstein.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to examine the claim of Moritz
Augenstein for damages under an alleged
agreement made with Commissioner of Internal
Revenue Pleasonton to furnish saceharometers
to distillers, and to ascertain and determine
what amount, if any, is equitably due to the
said Augenstein on account of ihe failure of
the present Commissioner of Internal Revenue
to carry out sueh allegt-d agreement; and he
is hereby authorized and directed to pay, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to the said Moritz Augenstein
such sum as lie shall find to be equitably due
him, not to exceed the sum of seven thousand
live hundred dollars, which shall be in full dis
charge of all claims against the Government
by the said Augenstein under said alleged
agreement.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CDVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Charles M. Thompsou, of New Orleans,
Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
Charles II. Thompson, of New Orleans, Louis-
iana, the sum of three thousand one hundred
dollars, the same to be received by said Thomp
son in lull satisfaction tor his claim against
the Government for the failure of title to a cer-
tain steam saw mill, machinery, and dwelling,
located on block sixty-six, city of Shreveport,
Louisiana, sold to him by the Government
under orders from the military division of the
west Mississippi, at Shtcveport, in the State
of Louisiana, on the firstday of May, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap.CDIX.—An Act for the Relief of Michael
F. Gannett.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives >f the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and lie hereby is, authorized and
directed to pay Michael F. Gannett, of Bith,
Maine, agent of the ship '"Atasca," out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of one hundred and
seventy-two dollars and twenty cents, in lull
satisfaction for an excessive hospital tax ex-
acted from said ship "Aiasca" at the port of
New Orleans, in October, A. D. eighteen
hundred and seventy, and charge the same to
the "marine hospital fund."
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CDX.—An Act for the Relief of An-
drew J. Jemison.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentativesofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department are
hereby directed to pay to Andrew J. Jemison,
late a private in company A, seventh regiment
of Kansas cavalry, out of any moneys appro-
priated for the payment of bounty to volun-
teers, the amount of veteran bounty he would
have received if he had not been discharged
for disability occasioned by a wound received
during the period of his first enlistment, but
had continued to serve until the muster-out
of his regiment.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CDXI.—An Act for the Relief of John
Milone. -Postmaster at Uhricksville, Ohio.
Beitenasted bythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account
ing officers of the. Treasury be, and they are
hereby, authorized and directed, in settling
the accounts of John Milone, postmaster at
Uhricksville, Ohio, to allow and credit to him
the sum of two hundred and ten dollars, an
amount of postage-stamps stolen from his
office by burglars on the night, of October six,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, without
fault or neglect oil his part.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CDXII.—An Act for the Relief of the
sureties of S. F. Marks, former Postmaster
at New Orleans.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, i'nat the sureties ot S. F.
Mams, former postmaster at New Orleans,
Louisiana, be, and are hereby, released from
all claims on their bonds as such sureties :
Provided, They shall respectively discharge
tne aliquot proportion of the indebtedness of
the principal, without interest, according to
the number of sureties on said bonds.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap.CDXIII.—An Act for the Relief'of James
D. Willoughby, of Vineland, New Jersey.
Whereas letters-patent of the United States
were issued to James D. Willoughby for an
improvement in seed-planters, August third,
eighteen hundred and fifty eight, number
twenty one thousand one hundred an! two,
which said letters patent do expire August
third, eighteen hundred and seventy-two; and
whereas James D. Willoughby aforesaid, the
inventor, did visit Washington city on or about
April tenth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two, for the purpose of applying for extension
of his said letters-patent, and that the time
allotted by law in which to make his said
application was limited to May third, instant;
and whereas the said James I). Willoughby
was, upon his arrival, prostrated with an
attack ot brain-fever until the time allotted
had passed in which to make his said applica-
tion according to law; and whereas his fail-
ure to so apply was caused by no fault or neg-
ligence of his own: Therefore,
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep
resentativesofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Jauies 1). Willough-
by, to whom letters-patent of the United States,
dated August third, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, number twemy-one thousand one
hundred and two, were issued for an improve-
ment in seed-planters, and which said letters-
patent do expire August, third, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two, be permitted, within
ten days from the date at which this act be-
comes a law, to file in the Patent Office his
application for an extension of his letters-
patent; and that the law which requires the
Commissioner to give sixty days' public notice
in the papers of the application for the exten-
sion of said letters-patent be, and is hereby,
suspended in this case, so far as to require the
Commissioner to give such public notice as
long before his action upon the case as the
limited time now left will permit.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CDXXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief
of Jane A. Green.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to issue to Jane A. Green, or her
representative, a duplicate ten-forty coupon
bond, number five thousmd three hundred and
fifiy-nine, for one thousand dollars, in lieu
of the original destroyed by fire, and he is
directed to pay the interest due thereon : Pro-
vided, That the owner of said destroyed bond
shall file, in the Treasury, a bond in the penal
sum equal to the amount of said destroyed
bond, and the interest which would accrue
thereon from September first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty four, until the principal thereof
isdueand payable, with two good and sufficient
sureties, residents of the United Slates, sub-
ject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, with condition to indenmily and save
harmless the United States from any claim
because of the said destroyed bond.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXXX1X.—An Act for the Relief
of Chester C. Tolman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents be, and is hereby, authorized to
consider, rehear, and determine the applica-
tion of Chester C. Tolman for the extension
of his letters-patent for an improvement in
gimlets, issued to him the fourth day of De-
cember, eighteen hundred and fifty five, and
numbered thirteen thousand eight hundred
and ninety-seven, for the term of seven years,
from the fourth day of December, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, upon the same evi-
dence and principles, and with the same effect,
as if the application for extension had been
made and the evidence therein filed in the
Patent Office, within the time prescribed by
law, prior to the expiration of said patent, and
as if no hearing had ever occurred for such
extension: Provided, Tnat in case said exten-
sion shall be granted no person shall be held
liable for damages for infringement of said
patent, or for sale or use of said improvement,
between the date of the expiration of the ori-
ginal patent and the date of such extension.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXL.—An Act to enable William Sel-
lers and Coleman Sellers to make applica-
tion to the Commissioner of Patents for the
extension of Letters-Patent for an improve-
ment. in Coupling for Shafting.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of ihe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That William Sellers and
Coleman Sellers, of the city and county of
Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsylvania,
have leave to make application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for an extension of the
letter-patentsgianted to them for improvement
in- coupling for shafting, under date of May
fifth, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
seven, for the term of seven years from and
after the expiration of the orginal term of
fourteen years for which said letters-patent
are granted, such application to be made in
the same manner and to have the same effect
as if the same had been filed not less than
ninety days before the expiration of the afore-
said original term of said patent. And, upon
