1872.
lHE congressional globe.
891
Mr. SHERMAN. The only answer is that
in the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and I believe it is the opinion of nearly every
one, the three per cent, certificates ought to
be rapidly paid off. The bonds of the United
States can only be gotten now at par in gold,
while any holder of these certificates may at
a,jiy, moment call on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay the whole of them. That kind of
liability ought to be at once paid off. It is a
kind of security that, if we resume specie pay-
ment, may at once be demanded in gold. It
is, therefore, a weight, and a weight that ought
to be relieved. They would have been paid
off long ago but for the doubt as to the pewer
of the Secretary to pay them off in advance of
the operation of the increase of national bank
circulation. I think any Senator will at once
see the scope of the question and can form his
opinion.
Mr. CONKHNG. Is anything to be sub-
stituted for these certificates as they are paid
off?
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course,
greenbacks take their place, and there can be
no other reserve for the banks but greenbacks.
As it is now, the United States Governments
paying three per cent, interest on certificates
that are held in the vaults of the banks as part
of their reserve. There is now, with a super-
abundant revenue, with a sufficiency of money,
ample means in the way proposed by this bill
to pay off these certificates.
Mr. MORTON. How many are there now?
Mr. SHERMAN. About $23,000,000.
Mr. COLE. If I understand the Senator
these certificates are now all held as reserves
in the banks; and of course if they are to be
paid off it will require the taking of so much
of the United States notes from circulation to
supply their places in the banks as a reserve
fund, which, of course, will reduce the amount
of United States notes in circulation. I sup-
pose that is the object of it. My first point is
that I think if any securities of the Govern-
ment should be canceled, they should be se-
curities bearing a larger rate of interest; for
instance, United States bonds bearing a gold
interest of six per cent.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. MORTON. If I understand the effect
of this bill, it is to allow the three per cent,
certificates to be paid off at the rate of three
millions per month, although additional bank
currency may not be taken up and issued to
a like amount, the effect of which will be to
contract the currency to the extent of the
excess of these certificates paid off over the
national bank currency issued. When the bill
of 1870 was passed, the theory of it was that
there should be new national banks instituted,
and that the three per cent, certificates should
be paid off as fast as new national bank cur-
rency should be issued, so that the equilibrium
of the currency should be preserved, that the
amount of the currency should not be dimin-
ished. If, now, $23,000,000 of these certifi-
cates should be paid off, without the issue of
$23,000,000 of national bank currency to new
banks, there would be a contraction of the
currency to that extent. I think that would
be unfortunate.
Mr. CORBETT. I have a statement from
the Statistical Bureau showing that the specie
increase in this country from 186(5 to 1871 is
$66,000,000. Theactual increase of the specie
in this country in the banks and in the Treas-
ury of the United States is just about fifty six
million dollars, according to the statement I
have before me, and that of itself will more
than cover double the amount of the with-
drawal of these three per cent, certificates. It
seems to me that it is highly important that
they should be withdrawn and that that specie
should be held in the banks rather than be
sent out of the country.
• The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GILBERT MORTON.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to take the one
minute that is left of the time before the
amnesty bill comes up, to ask the Senate to
consider the bill for the relief of Gilbert Mor-
ton, reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs. It authorizes the President to reap-
point him in the Navy. It passed last year
unanimously on the report of the committee,
but was not reached in the House of Repre-
sentatives. I should like to have it passed, as
he is a very worthy officer and wa3 dealt by
unjustly. The bill gives the President power
to restore him. I move to take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. 320) to authorize the restoration of
Gilbert Morton to the naval service was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to authorize the President of the
United States to nominate, and, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to
reappoint Gilbert Morton an ensign, in the
Navy.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
settlement of accounts.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs have instructed me to report a bill (S.
No. 611) to continue the act to authorize the
settlement of the accounts of officers of the
Army and Navy. There are only two or three
lines to it, and,iftherebe no objection, I should
like to put it on its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was read
three times, and passed. It continues in force
for two years from June 23, 1872, and no
longer, the act to authorize the settlement of
the accounts of officers of the Army and Navy,
approved June 23,1870.
illinois cocjrt rkcouds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had up the other
day a bill to supply the records at Chicago in
which the United States is interested to a con-
siderable extent. I have changed it so that
I think there will be no objection. It was
objected to before by the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Carpenter] and the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Coxkling.] They have seen
the amendment. I think it can pass in a
moment, and it is somewhat important that
it should pass at an early day if it pass at all.
There being no objection, the Senate, as iu
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 363) to restore the
records of the United States courts iu the
northern district of Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the substi-
tute I Save proposed be read.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed substi-
tute, as follows:
That in proceedings to restore the records of the
circuit and district courts of the northern district
of Illinois, destroyed by fire on the 9th of October,
1871. under the act of March 3. 18(1, entitled An
act relating to records ot the courts of the United
States," the notice required by said act may oe
served upon any non-resident of said district any-
where within the jurisdiction of the United States
or in any foreign country, the proof of the service
of such notice, if made in a fo™ign ^untry, to be
certified by a minister or consul of the United btates
in «;iifh o.ountrv, under bis omcia.1 seal.
Ssc- 2- That a certified copy of the official return
of the district attorney, clerk of the circuit or dis-
trict court or the marshal of the ^orthero a>stnct
of Illinois, made in pursuance of law, and on file
in the Department of,J stlCeh^^?laft^s,^tn0i(pys0taMs
in either of said courts to which the United btates
was a party, the record of which was destroyed m
said Are, may be filed in the court to which it apper-
tains and shall have the snme force and effect as if
it were an original return made to said court;: and in
anv case in which the names of the parties, and the
date and amount of the judgment or decree shall
iSnew from such returns, it shall be lawful for the
court in which they are filed to issue the necessary
process to enforce such decrcc or judgment in tho
same manner as if the original record was before
SaRrr°?rt'rhat it shall be the duty of the district
attorney for the northern district of Illinois to take
?,,chas may be necessary to restore the records
 ml files of the circuit and district courts ut said
disrict which were destroyed %
October, 1871, and in which the United btates
interested,so far as the judges of said eourts respect-
ively shall deem it essential to the interests of the
United States that said records and files be restored ;
and the j udges of said courts respectively are author-
ised to direct such steps to be taken as in their opin-
ion shall be deemed advisable to restore the judg-
ment dockets'and indices of said courts, and, for
that purpose, may direct tho performance by the
clerks of said courts, and by the United States attor-
ney for said district, of any duty incident thereto,
and said clerks and said district attorney shall be
allowed such compensation and disbursements for
services rendered under this section (in eases where
no compensation is now provided by law for such,
services) as may be allowed by the Attorney Gen-
eral, and certified to be just and reasonable by the
judge of tho court in which said services are ren-
dered, and the amount so allowed shall be paid out
of the judiciary fund: Provided, however, That the
sum allowed the clerks of said courts shall not ex-
ceed the sum of $12,000, and the entire compensa-
tion of the United States attorney for such services
shall not exceed the sum of $6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. Tlie bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
political disabilities.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 380) for the removal of
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
third section of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to strike out the
fifth section of the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sbmneb.]
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, as I remarked yesterday, I shall vote
against this as against other _ amendments.
But with regard to this one in particular I
have a special objectiou,for the amendment
which the Senator from Ohio offers is placed
before the Senate upon the one specific ground
that if the section which he moves to strike
out remain in the bill, our naturalization laws
will be extended so as to embrace the Chinese
within the scope of their operations. I do
not believe that the present discriminations
in the naturalization laws are wise or just. 1
believe that the tendency of those discrim-
inations is to exclude a most valuable immi-
gration into this country. I believe that the
one great necessity throughout the central
regions of the West and along the Pacific
coast is the advent of labor for the purpose
of developing the resources and constructing
the vast internal improvements of that region,
and I think that any act of the Senate of the
United States, which must inevitably be con-
strued as in hostility to the immigration of
such labor, is hostile to the best interests of
the country.
Now, placed as this amendment ot the sen-
ator from Ohio is upon thissole ground, so far
as the argument hitherto has gone, tbat, the
section as it is will have the operation of ex-
tending the naturalization law, so as to embrace
the Chinese within their scope, I cannot con-
sent to the amendment without thereby con-
senting to an expression of opinion upon the
part of the Senate which I believe would be
unwise and unjust. And I must confess my
surprise that Senators who have urged and are
urging the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts upon the Senate on the broad
ground of human rights alone, should consent
to abandon this section which in its scope more
widely reaches and affects human rights than
all the rest of the amendment together.
But enough, sir, perhaps, upon the subject
of the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
I was led yesterday into a general expression
of opinion in reference to the amendment ot
the Senator from Massachusetts, and this hav-
ing occurred I desire now as briefly as 1 can
to give the reasons why I think that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts does,
as I said yesterday, strike at the very bulwarks
of civil liberty in this country. I regard it
not as an amendment in favor of human rights,
