IS
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
Laws of the United States.
42d Cons.... 2d Sess.
such apf'-icuiiori so filed. the Commissioner
pf I'.tU-r.is .--hall be authorise} to consider and
determine the name in the same manner and
with the same effect as if the application had
been duly tiled within the time ptescribed by
law, and as if the ouginal term of said patent
bad not expired: Provided, That no person
shall be held liable for the infringement of
said patent, if expended, for making use of
said invention since the expiraiion of the
original term of said patent and prior to the
date of its extension.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXLI —An Act for the Relief of
Charles P. S Waidwell.
Beitenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United states of America in
Congress assembled, 1 hat the Commissioner
of Patents be, and hereby is, authorized to
entertain, consider, and decide upon the ap-
plication of Charles P. S. Wardweil, for exten-
sion of letters patent granted to the said Ward-
well tor an "improved circuiar-saw machine
or bench," bearing date the tenth day of
March, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, in the same manner, upon the same
evidence, and to the tame effectasif said appli-
cation had been filed in due iorm and within
the time presetibed by law: Provided, That
the application be made within sixty days
from ttie passage of this act: And provided
further, That nothing heiein shall be so con-
strued as to hold responsible in damages any
person who may have manufactured, applied,
or used said improvement between she expira-
tion of the said patent and the approval of
. this act.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXLII.—An Act for the Relief of
Jane Allen Birckhead and Virginia Camp-
bell, sole Heirs-at-Law of Alexander Wat-
son, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ut the
Tieasury be directed to pay to Jane Allen
Birckhead and Virginia Campbell, daughters
and sole heirs-at-Liw of Alexander Watson,
deceased, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of thirty
thousand dollars for property lost, captuied,
or destroyed in Florida, daring the Indian
hostilities commencing in eighteen hundred
and thirty-five.
Approved, June 10, 1S72.
Chap. CDXLIII.—-An Act for the relief of
J. S. Underbill.
Beitenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to J.
S. Underbill, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
twenty-three thousand three hundred and ten
dollars and seventy-five cents, in full payment
and discharge of the claim of saui Underbill
for-work done and material furnished m the
construction of the iron-clad vessel Keokuk.
Appp.oved, June 10, 1872.
by reason of participation in the late rebellion,
be, and they hereby are, removed from George
S. Houston. Limestone county, Alabama, and
ZebulonB. Vance, Mecklenburg county, North
Carolina
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXLV — An Act for the Relief of
Thomas Allen.
Beit enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to Thomas Allen the sutn
ot twenty-seven thousand seven hundred and
thirty dollars and three cents, in full compen-
sation for printing twenty thousand copies of
I he Compendium of the Sixth Census of the
United States, and furnishing the materials
therefor, by order of the Secretary of State.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXLIV.—An Act to relieve certain
Persons therein named from the Legal and
Political Disabilities imposed by the Four-
teenth Amendment to the Constitution of
the Uuned Stales, and for other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, {two thirds of each House
wtieui-ring therein,) That ail legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
Chap. CDXLVI.—An Act making Appropri-
ations for the Payment of Claims reported
allowed by the Commissioners of Claims,
under the Act of Congress of March third,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be. and he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay, out of any monies in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the
several persons in this act named, the several
sums mentioned therein, the same being in
full for, and the receipt of the same to be
taken and accepted in each case as a full and
final discharge of the several claims presented
by such persons to the commissioners of claims
under the act of March third, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, and reported to the
House of Representatives under the said act,
that ts to say:
To George R. Adams, the sum of five hun-
dred and ninety-five dollars.
To John T. Armstrong, one hundred and
fifty-four dollars and ninety-eight cents.
To Thomas J. Alexander, one thousand
three hundied and thirty-five dollars.
To Francis M. Anderson, one hundred dol-
lars.
To William A. Austin, one thousand five
hundred and thirty-five dollars and fifty cents.
To Young W. Alien, one hundred and
ninety-five dollars.
To Frank A. Arnold, seven hundred and
fourteen dollars and fifty cents.
To William N. Andrews, one thousand and
ninety-five dollars.
To John Quiucy Adams, three hundred and
six dollars.
To Ashbel Armstrong, Elijah J. Arm-
strong. and Erasmus Armstrong, and William
G. Pearee, administrator of the estate of Wil-
liam Armstrong, nine thousand five hundred
dollars.
To Samuel Anderson, two hundred and
fifty dollars.
To Andrew Allen, two hundred and sixty-
three dollars.
To Ernestine Alberli, six thousand five
hundred and twentv five dollars.
To Richard II. Bryan, one thousand eight
hundred and fourteen dollars and fifty cents.
To Joseph Baldwin, fifty-two dollars.
To Margaret W. Bodine, administratrix of
the estate ot Theodore Bodine, one thousand
two hundred and seventy-five dollars.
To Lyman Broughton, six hundred and
forty-hve dollars.
To John W. Bulman, four hundred and
twenty-five dollars.
To Samuel Birch, one thousand two hun-
dred and eighty-seven dollars.
To Elizabeth Blount, executrix of Ains-
worth Blount, one .thousand eight hundred
and fifteen dollars.
To Lewis Bender, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
To Thomas Bowser, one hundred and thirty
dollars.
To Daniel H. Barrett, four hundred and six-
teen dollars.
To William Beckett, four hundred and fifty
dollars.
To Randolph Birch, three hundred and one
dollars and eleven cents.
To George Bayliss, six hundred and seventy
dollars.
To William Bowlin, nine hundred and
sixty-four dollars.
To William Burgess, sixhundred andeighty
dollars.
To David Blintford, oue hundred and thirty
dollars.
To Amos W. Brannock, sixty-five dollars.
To Hiram Britt, sixhundred and thirty-nine
dollars and fifty cents.
To David Brown, one hundred and ninety-
eight dollars.
To Francis Bailey, one hundred and seventy-
nine dollars and seventy-five cents.
To Peyton Blankinship, two hundred and
fifty five dollars.
To James C. Brown, one hundred and
sixty-one dollars.
To Jackson Burleson, two hundred and fifty
dollars.
To Terrill Bradby, two hundred and eighty-
one dollars.
To Temple J. Blunt, nine hundred and
ninety dollars.
To George Brice, two hundred and eighteen
dollars.
To Thomas Belew, one hundred and seventy-
five dollars.
To Andrew W. F. Carlin, four hundred and
fifty eight dollars.
To Richard Cruikshank, six hundred and
twenty-five dollars.
To Oliver Cox, five hundred and sixty
dollars.
To Nelson Conner, five hundred and fifry-
six dollars and fifty cents.
To Jame3 N. B. Cobb, two thousand and
forty dollars.
To James A. Carden, two hundred dollars.
To Susan T. Cruit, adminisiratrix of the
estate of Robert Ctuit, deceased, three thou-
sand four hundied and sixteen dollars.
To Virgil P. Corbett, three thousand two
hundred and fifty two dollars and eighty-seven
cents.
To George Corprew, five hundred and sixty-
six dollars.
To John Coleman, one hundred and seventy-
five dollars.
To Ephraim Clarke, one thousand and thirty-
two dollars and seventy-s>x cents.
To Benjamin T. and Benjamin D. Carpen-
ter, five hundred and eighty-two dollars aud
seventy five cents.
To Lott W. Crocker, three hundred and
eighty dollars.
To Mary F. Carpenter, for J. N. Carpenter,
two thousand two hundred and thirty dollars.
To Johu K. Clark, one hundred and thirty
dollars.
To John S. Crocker, two thousand five
hundred and thirty-seven dollars aud thirty-
five cents.
To Hiram Cockerille, two hundred and
thirty-six dollars.
To Joseph M. Cline, two hundred and
seventy five dollars.
To Oliver Chamberlin, sixty-nine dollars
aud sixty cents.
To Lewis Cargile, three hundred dollars.
To Pleasant Cargile, three hundred and
forty-five dollars aud twenty-five cents.
