1788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
and for the financial management of the coun-
try, to take some step toward specie payment,
and this is a step that is perfectly safe. It is
not oppressive to the banks; it is not oppress-
ive to any portion of the people; but simply
to increase the specie throughout the country
and distribute it so that at any future time
when the nation may desire specie it will have
a reserve to draw upon.
I move the reference of the bill to the Com-'
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
reference of papers.
Mr. HAMLIN. A few days since I made
a motion to have the papers of Mrs. Harriet
W. Pond withdrawn from the files and referred
to the Committee oil Military Affairs. The
latter part of my motion was not entered on
the Journal. The clerks probably did not
hear it. I therefore ask that the Journal may
be corrected in that respect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be cor-
rected as stated by the Senator from Maine.
order ob business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the tariff bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have some morning
business.
Mr. WRIGHT. I demand the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho regular order
is the tariff bill which was called up at the
adjournment last evening, but with the under-
standing, as the Chair supposes, that it should
be superseded again to-day by the Chicago
relief bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that will now be the order. The
tariff bill will be subject to be called up by the
Seuator from Ohio, or, if the Senate orders
it, by the Chair previous to the adjournment
to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think Senators will see
that I have been very courteous, but I give
notice now that if the Chicago relief bill is
not disposed of to-day, I will no longer con-
sent to the postponement of general public
business for it. Tho friends of the Chicago
relief bill could readily have passed the bill
yesterday, if they had only adhered to it,.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that there was some confusion at the
close of the session last evening, the Vice
President not being in the chair, in regard to
the exact status of the bill, but upon examin-
ing the Globe which the Chair has kept on his
table, he finds that the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] on Thursday last gave notice
that he would object to any arrangement that
would give more than Monday to the Chicago
relief bill, and the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Wiugiit] having charge of the bill gave no-
tice yesterday that he would endeavor to have
the Senate remain iu session until it was dis-
posed of. Last evening that did not occur,
however, and therefore the temporary occu-
pant of the chair, in accordance with what the
Chair himself had stated before, called up the
tariff bill at the close of the session, so that
that bill should not lose its place, but subject
to the understanding, if the Senator from
Ohio did not object, that the Chicago relief
bill should come up to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it the Chicago
relief bill can be passed to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H.
R. No. 555) for the relief of the sufferers by
fire at Chicago is before the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish, in answer to what
was said by the Senator from Ohio, to repeat
what I said yesterday morning. I trust the
friends of this bill will insist, upon having it
disposed of to-day, and I ask the Senate to
remain here to-day as I did yesterday until we
dispose of this bill. I want to get it out of
the way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say a single
word xa reply to the remark of the Senator
from Ohio, that the friends of this bill could
have passed it last evening if they had insisted
upon it. The trouble was that the most dis-
tinguished friend, and the one having the most
influence on that subject in the body, left us,
and we had not a quorum here. If we had
had the Senator from Ohio to stand by ug we
doubtless should have passed the bill last
night.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois takes the liberty of going out of the Sen-
ate occasionally, as well as other Senators. I
was absent for about five minutes, and the
friends of the bill allowed it to be postponed
without a call of the yeas and nays. I was
here within the time when the .yeas and nays
could have been called. I am not particularly
the friend of the Chicago relief bill; I shall
vote for it out of charity and sympathy for the
citizens of Chicago who have suffered a loss
such as no other people suffered before) but
I do not feel myself bound to stand by it at
all times. It seems to me that if I had the
matter in charge, I would not allow it to be
postponed at four o'clock in the afternoon
without a vote by yeas and nays.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sena-
tor proceeds the Chair desires to know dis-
tinctly whether it is the desire of the Senate that
the Chair shall call up the tariff bill pending
a motion to adjourn, if the Chicago relief bill
is not completed. If not, the Senator from
Ohio must take charge of the tariff bill himself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will agree to no
understanding as to anything else until the
Chicago relief bill is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The tariff bill
is informally passed over, subject to a demand
by any Senator for it previous to the adjourn-
ment to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object ta its being in-
formally postponed; and if we are not to stand
by agreements I insist npon the regular order
of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that some time since the tariff bill was passed
over informally without objection, but subject
to the right of the Senator irom Ohio or any
Senator to call it up previous to adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN, it was subject to distinct
understanding of the Senate that the tariff
bill should retain its place as the unfinished
business. Now the Senator from Illinois
revokes that. If he does, 1 must insist on the
matter being voted upon. I trust the Sena-
tor from Illinois will reconsider his action and
let, the Chicago bill go on, and let us, before
the adjournment to-day, again take up tho
tariff bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never have agreed to
anything else but this, and said so distinctly
yesterday, that I should insist upon getting
through with the Chicago relief bill before the
tariff hill came up, and that, then the tariff bill
should come up. I want to get through the
Chicago relief bill to-day. I was desirous to
get through with it yesterday. I wasted no
time in discussing it. If I should speak on it
to-day it would be very briefly, and I do not
now propose to do so at all. The understand-
ing was that the tariff bill should follow imme-
diately after this bill was through. That was
my understanding yesterday, and I am not
willing there should be an agreement now to
set aside this bill for the purpose of taking tip
the tariff bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is subject to
a call by any Senator for the regular order, so
that the Chicago relief bill will not have any
worse place before the Senate if the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Ohio shall be com-
plied with, as he or any other Senator can call
up the tariff bill now, it having only been in-
formally passed over by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing
that we shall stand by what has been under-
stood all along, finish the Chicago relief bill
to-day, and let the tariff bill remain as the un-
finished business. I do not want any waste of
time about it. The Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Logah,] who has the bill in charge,
agreed to that and I assented to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it then the
desire of the Senate that the Chair shall call
up the tariff bill pending a motion to adjourn,
if the Chicago relief bill shall not be disposed
of, or not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not my under-
standing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects. Some Senator, then,
must call it up previous to the adjournment.
The Senator from Pennsylvania is entitled to
the floor.
life-saving stations
Mr. STOCKTON. With the consent of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
liesolvedt That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform the Senate what appropriation
will be necessary for the next fiscal year to carry
out the recommendations of the report of Captain
Faunce and render operative and effective the life-
saving stations on the coasts of New Jersey and Long
Island; and that he be requested to enforoe the
instructions heretofore given that the selection of
crews for the several stations shall be made with the
strictest regard to qualifications assurfmen; also the
recommendation of Captain Faunce that " politics
bo not allowed consideration in tho appointment of
keepers for the stations and crews to man tho boats,"
and " that the appointment to the position of super-
intendent should be given to the most competent
man residing on the beach within the district," and
"no person should be appointed without having
been subjected to a^rigid examination as to his
capacity for the position."
I will say that I intended, if I was not speak-
ing by the courtesy of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, to have read to the Senate parts of
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
and of Captain Faunce, which state that these
appointments have been made for political
reasons, improperly, and recommending that
it be stopped. I merely put these matters in
to call his attention to the facts. I have also
letters from Captain Faunce to the same effect.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There will
be no objection to the first part of the reso-
lution; but, of course, the latter part will
require ample and full investigation. There-
fore, I think it had better lie over.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will strike out the
latter part.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. To what
calls for information 1 have no objection.
Mr. STOCKTON. The resolution uses the
very words of the report itself; and if the Sen-
ator objects, rather than let the resolution be
delayed, as it is so important, I will strike out
all except the first part.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey strikes out the part objected
to by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. POMEROY. That will be simply call-
ing for information. I do not want anything
about politics.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the resolution as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
liemlved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform the Senate what appropriation
will be necessary for the nextfiscal year to carry out
the recommendations of the report ol Captain Faunce
and render operative and effective the lilo-saviug
stations on the coasts of New Jersey and Long Island.
The resolution was agreed to.
message from t1ie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 715)
relating to the capture of the Albemarle.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 681) to provide for
the reporting and printing of the debates in
Congress, with an amendment; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2025) for
the relief of Ruth A. Maxiner, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
