4476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
the conference committee on the steamboat
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I said some days ago
that [ should never object to the consideration
of this bill for the purpose of delaying its con-
sideration. To be trank and candid, I ought
to say to the Senator from Missouri and to the
Senate that if the bill is taken up it will occupy
probably alt the time that remains. I believe
I am entitled to the floor upon it myself, and
I shall feel bouud to continue at some length
the remarks which I began on a previous
occasion.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we shall not take
it up if it is to occupy the time.
Mr. CONKLING. Unless Senators want
to devote the residue of the session to this
bill they bad belter not. take it up.
The PltBHIDIiNT^ro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to appeal to the Sen-
ator from Missouri on a subject which I have
endeavored several times to bring before the
Senate. I am for taking up this bill when
there is a probability of considering it with a
view of a disposition of it; but it will probably
occupy I he whole of the session, and I ask
him to permit me to bring up the bill in regard
to bridges on the Ohio river before the steam-
boat bill is taken up.
Mr. BLAIR. I insist upon the Senate de-
ciding on this bill. I am one of ihe confer-
ence committee, and if Senators choose to
talk the session out on this bill they must take
the responsibility of doing it. If the Senate
chooses to vote down the motion which I have
made, 1 shall have discharged my duty. I
insist on my motion, and I call for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. If this is to occupy the
whole time this day 1 shall not vote to take it
up. I do not say anything against the merits
of the bill, but I will not vote to take it up
under th« circumstances.
Mr. BLAIR. Itis of more importance than
all ihe other business we have had before us
this session and all thut will come before us.
Mr. CONKLING. If 1 understood the Sen-
ator from Missouri aright he said he wanted
somebody to take the responsibility of the
defeat of this bill if it was to be defeated.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me take it.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr.' President, respon-
sibility is one of the few things that 1 never
knew a man to make a mistake by taking if
he was right.. And, therefore, I beg to say .to
my honorable friend that 1 shall be glad to
take the responsibility, and the whole of it,
of defeating this bill as it stands. If there is
any form in which he would would like to
have me put it, I should be glad to have con-
centrated upon me alone the whole responsi-
bility of the blame, if there is blame, and all
the credir, if there is credit., of preventing the
passage ot a bill which 1 think is a wrong, a
violation ot the rights of the whole community,
wiihout, as I believe, one reasonable pretext
for it.
I do not know, Mr. President, precisely m
what form to assume the responsibility. Per-
haps I shall do it sufficiently when I say that
I have matters concerning this bill which,
unless I should be able to command greater
brevity and greater facility of statement than
I am able to do usually, will certainly occupy
a couple of hours; and therefore, if the bill is
taken up, I hope that no Senator will com-
plain of me if I do deliberately and systemat-
ically discuss this bill of ninety pages, out of
which I do not believe you can pick five ibr
which there is a reasonable excuse.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, as I under-
stand this steamboat bill, it is one of great
importance to the commerce of the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers, and in fact to all the rivers
of the country.
Mr. CONKLING. In what respect?
Mr. MORTON. I am not going to discuss
the merits of the bill, but I understand it to
be a measure of great importance. I under-
stand it from the fact that those interested in
steamboating are most anxious for its passage
aud those interested in commerce upon the
great rivers are anxious for its passage. The
Senator intimates that he will speak two hours
to defeat this bill. That is the right of the
Senator, and I hope he will be allowed to do
it, and then that a vote will be taken imme-
diately upon the conclusion of his speech. I
am willing to risk the result.
Mr. CORBEI'l1. This bill, as has been
stated, is not only of very great importance to
the steamboat men, but it will be of very great
importance to the people generally it' it is
adopted, in my opinion. It removes a great
number of safeguards that are now enacted
into law to prevent the destruciion of life, and
in this bill there are provisions which do away
with many of those protections, and for that
reason 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair.) The Chair thinks that at
this stage of the session he should entorce the
rule dis.inctly that noihing about the merits
of a bill shall be said on a motion to take
it up.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope the Senate will not
think it strange if I feel it my duly, if they
take up this bill, to occupy considerable time.
Having been one of the committee to examine
into the meritsof thebill and having thoroughly
considered it, I desire to present to the Senate
my objections to some of its provisions and the
reasons why 1 cannot agree to the conference
report..
Mr. BLAIR. I desire simply to say in re-
gard to the amount of time which the Senators
propose to occupy in the discussion of this bill,
that the friends of the measure are willing to
leave that to the good sense of the Senate after
they have listened to the remarks of the Sen-
ators on this subject. I have something to
say, but I shall relrain from saying it and sub-
mit the question to the Senate, and 1 believe
that such is the importance of this measure
that we can very easily get at; extension .of
time from the House to pass the bill. I have
no apprehension upon iliat subject. I hope
the Senate will not be deterred fiom voting to
take up this measure of such great importance
to the entire country by 1 will not say the
threats, but the intimations which have beeu
thrown out. at Senators here.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 25; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bla.ir, Boreinan, Casserly, Chand-
ler, Cooper, llowe, Kellogg, Kelly, Morton, Nor-
wood, Pratt, Ransom, Rice, S-tulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague. Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
Tipton, Trumbull, and West—23.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Cam-
eron, Clayton, Cole, Colliding, Corbett, Crngin,
Edmunds, Fenton, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen. Ham-
ilton of Texas. Hitchcock, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Osborn, Potueroy, Pool, Ramsey, Saw-
yer, Spencer, Stewart, Vickers, and Windum— 25.
ABSKNT—Me&srs. Alcorn, Ame&, Bayard, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Carpenter, Diivis of Kentucky,
Davis ot' West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry ot Michigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
ol Maryland, Hurnlin, Harla.n, Hill, Johnston, Lewis,
Logan, Nye, Patterson, Robertson, Schurz, Scott,
Wilson, aud Wright—A
So the motion was not agreed to.
ARKANSAS COLLEGE SCRIP.
Mr. CLAYTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 2109. It is a bill to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to issue college scrip
to the State of Arkansas, which will cause no
discussion.
The motion was agreed to ; aud the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2109J to author-
ize ihe issuance of college scrip to the State
of Arkansas. The preamble recites that the
State of Arkansas has complied with all the
provisions aud requirements of an act endued
" An act donating public lands to the several
States and Territories which may provide col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts," approved July 2, 1802, aud
other acts amendatory thereto.
The bill therefore proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of theDepartinentof the Interior to issue at
once, and deliver to the secretary of the State
of Arkansas the full amount of college scrip,
to wit, one hundred and fifty thousand acres,
to be used and appropriated to and for the
purposes and objects specified in the acts
referi ed to, and none other.
An amendment was reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, in line seven, after
the word "acres" to insert " and ninety thou-
sand acres to the secretary of the board of
trustees of the Florida State Agricultural
College of the State of Florida."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. If the bill is to pass, I
should like to have attached to it a bill which
was reported extending the dine for the State
of Indiana to take advantage of the agricul-
tural college act. There was a general bill
passed by the Senate extending the time for
all the Siates that needed an extension, but I
am not aware that it has passed the House,
If this bill is to pass, I move that the bill of
the Senator from Indiana extending the time
for that State be put on as an amendment.
There is no possible objection to it.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 hope that will not be
added.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina moves an amend-
ment to the pending bill. The Clerk has not
the amendment here.
Mr. SAWYER. The bill is before the
Senate and is in type. It is approved by the
committee, and there is no objection to iti
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator has the amendment he will please send
it to the desk.
Mr. CAMERON. Let the bill be passed
over informally for the moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
laid aside.
JAMBS BE L0N9.
Mr. CAMERON". I ask only a moment to
present a bill Irom the House of Representa-
tives, No. 2622, for the relief of James De
Long, late United States consul at Aux Cayes,
Hayti, and to say that it is the last bill acted
on by the Committee on Foreign Relations. It
will take but a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole proceeded to con-
sider the bill (EL H No. 2622) for the relief
of James De Long, late United States consul
at Aux Cayes, Hayti. It provides for the
payment to James De Long, late consul at
Aux Cayes, Hayti, of $2,816; $1,166 of the
sum so appropriated being for money ad-
vanced and expended by him for the relief of
destitute colored emigrants, colonized under
authority of the acts of April 16 and July 17,
1862, and $1,650 being for extraordinary
expenses-incurred by him at the siege of Aux
Cayes, Hayti, during his consulship at that
place.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
J. S. UNDERBILL.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask that House bill No.
2050 be taken up, which was reported by the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2050) for
the relief ot J. S. Underhiil. Itpiovides for
the payment to J. S. Uudeihill ot $23.310 75
in lull payment and di-charge of his claim fur
work done and mateiial furnished in the con-
struction of the iron-clad vessel Keokuk.
