THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
were pardoned aever gave any aid or comfort
whatever to the rebellion. It" that is the ease,
I, pot it to the mover of this amendment
whether he is going to frame his amendment
in such-wise, as I understand it to be, that it is
to eut those men .entirely off.
Mr. MORTON. In corroboration of what
I said awhile ago*. I beg leave to read a reso-
lution: that was offered in the House of Rep-
resentatives on the 11th of July, 1870. The
proclamation declaring the fifteenth amend-
ment ratified was issued in March, 1870. This
resolution was offered in July, 1870:
" Beiohed, That the fourteenth and fifteenth
articles of amendment to the Constitution of the
United States having been duly ratifiedby the Legis-
latures of three fourths of the several States, are
valid to all intents and purposes as part of the Con-
stitution of the United Suites, and as such binding
and obligatory upon the Executive, the Congress,
the judiciary, the several States and Territories,
and all citizens of tho United States."
Which was agreed to—yeas 128, nays 32.
Among the yeas are recorded the names of
four Democrats; the rest are Republicans.
The nays, 3'2, are all Democrats. Absent and
not voting, 60. Among those absent and not
voting there are sixteen Republicans; the rest
Democrats. I merely refer to this in support
of what I said, which was somewhat called in
question here. I could find a great abundance
of evidence of that kind, bat 1 will not go into
it to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Feiiry,
of Michigau, in the chair.) The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Morkill,]
The question being put, the amendment was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I had submitted a motion
that that amendment, should be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
in order.
Mr, BAYARD. Is it in order for me to
make that motion now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho motion
is not in order. The amendment has been
agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. There was a misunder-
standing.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER,: ■ The Sena-
tor can reserve it in the Senate when the bill
shall be reported to the .Senate.
Air. TIIUKMAN. The Senator from Dela-
ware only rose to ask the Chair whether the
Chair had put the right question. f
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not understand the Senator from Delaware
to have objected to the motion or called for a
division on the voto. He rose for some other
object.
Mr. BAYARD. I think the record will show
that I moved that this amendment should bo
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
I supposed that was tho prior motion to that on
the adoption of the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICE!!,. The only
motion the Chair could entertain would be to
lay the amendment on the table. Any other
motion would carry the whole bill with it.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest that the mis-
understanding arising just then prevented the
call for a division being heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sena
tor states that he rose to call for a division,
the Chair will entertain the call.
Mr. BAYARD. I was surprised at the
Chair putting the question'on the amendment.
As soon as possible I rose to make a state-
ment, supposing that my motion of reference
to the Judiciary Committee should be first
entertained.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not think the Chair
understands that the Senator from Delaware
this morning offered a motion to refer the
amendment to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and addressed the Senate on that ques-
tion ; and it I am correctly informed, that was
the question pending, but the Chair put a
question which was not the question before
the Senate. That is my impression.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from Dela-
ware did make such a motion to refer this
amendment to the Committee on the Judiciary
as he says he did—and if he says so, of course
I know he did—I think it was a parliamentary
motion: and the amendment, if that motion
were agreed to, would go to the committee
and the bill would go with it, because they
cannot be separated. You can move to lay
an amendment on the table by our particular
rule, and if it is agreed to the bill goes with
it, because they are inseparable. But we have
a rule as to laying on the table amendments to
appropriation bills, which modifies that prin-
ciple of parliamentary law. I think a motion
to refer an amendment is just as parliamentary
as a motion to table it. Therefore, as the rules
do not forbid it, I think the motion of the
Senator from Delaware was a parliamentary
motion. The effect of it would be, if the Sen-
ate should agree to it, as they would have a
right, to do, to send bill and all to the Judi-
ciary Committee. Then if that motion was
made, as it was, I think the Chair would be
obliged to put that question on referring the
amendment, which would be in substance a
proposition to send the bill, amendments and
all, to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BAYARD. I am not as conversant with
parliamentary rules as Ishonld be. I was aware
that it was in order under our present rules to
move to lay an amendment on the table,
which acted on the amendment alone, and
allowed the bill to remain.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is confined especially
to that motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I believe that is so. Not
recurring to that, I did make a motion as I
believed, or gave notice that I intended to
make it—I will not be precise as to which—to
refer this amendment tp the Committee on the
Judiciary; but as that would carry the bill
with it, and it is not my design that the Senate
should so dispose of an appropriation bill, I
will withdraw the motion that I made to refer
the amendment to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ask leave to move to lay this
amendment of the Senator from Vermont on
the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would observe just here that the present oc-
cupant was not in the chair at tho time the
motion was made as stated by the Senator
from Delaware. When he assumed the chair
he understood th t the Senator from Dela-
ware had intimated that he intended to make
such a motion and therefore that motion had
not been made. It was also understood by
the Chair that, the Senator from Delaware
intended by his motion to refer the amend-
ment simply and not the bill, and the Chair
replied that that was not iu order. If the
Senator had stated that his object was to
make the motion, which he had a right, to
make, to refer the amendment to the commit-
tee, carrying with it the whole bill, the Chair
would have entertained the motion,
Mr. BAYARD. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to allow the motion to be made
to lay this amendment on tile table.
Mr. COLE. I will state that that motion
was passed upon once, and I think the same
end will be attained by voting on the amend-
ment directly.
Mr. EDM UNDS. As Senators were acting
under a misapprehension, I hope the Chair
will treat the putting of the question and the
declaration of the vote as waived, so that it
may be now open upon the amendment of my
colleague so that Senators may have a fair
opportunity to take their position. Assuming
that the Chair will so rule, 1 wish to say just
one word on the amendment- before the motion
to lay on the fable, that my friend from Dela-
ware wishes to make, is put; and that is, I
wish to call the attention of the Senate, not
to the general aspects of this precise question,
but to one or two remarkable (not remarkable
because they are new, but remarkable because
they are stuck to) propositions which have
been advanced by our honorable friends on
the other side, particularly out of the mouth
of one of their chief friends, he who may, in
the language of an old statesman, properly be
called primus inter illustres among them,-on
this occasion speaking of the fourteenth amend-
ment. One that struck me as stating precisely
the view of the opposition to this amendment,
so perfectly as he always states things when
he forgets himself a little and loses his caution,
[laughter,] was that he called the fourteenth
amendment'' a thing "which was imposed upon
the people. That is the treatment that the
fourteenth amendment even at this late day is
to receive from our friends upon the other side.
It is "a thing;" that is to say, it is a mon-
strosity, which deserves every epithet of appro-
brium, and it is a thing which is " submitted
t,o because we cannot help it." We hate it;
we denounce it; there is nothing about it
which is agreeable to our notions of Govern-
ment, (as everybody knew before, to be sure,)
and therefore we now characterize it as a thing
which is to be submitted to per force; but the
moment the pressure is relieved, then the sub-
mission will end too j and if we can come into
power, although we may not find any conven-
ient technical means of repealing it, although
on the argument we have made I do not see
why we cannot repeal these statutes which
furnish the evidence of its adoption ; but what-
ever it may be, when we come into power,
looking upon it as a thing which has been
forced upon us and as a monstrous invasion
of our rights, we will take great care not to
be exceedingly energetic in putting it in force.
There is no constitutional obligation which
can be carried out without the strong hand of the
law and the courts to carry it out. Therefore,
if we can get, into power, this thing which has
been forced upon us, this hateful invasion of
rights, (as the Democrats look upon it,) which
declares, to be sure, for liberty and equality,
shall receive the treatment it deserves; that
is to say, it shall be quietly ignored ; no pro-
visions of law shall be kept upon the statute-
book which carry it into effect; no judges or
marshals or district attorneys ..shall be ap-
pointed who will look upon it other than as a
thing to be hated, and thereby we shall achieve
tho substantial triumph which we might have
achieved could we have prevented its adoption !
But, Mr. President, there is one other thing
which my friend said which in exactly the
same line was quite as good, and it had also
the merit of exceeding frankness, and that
was this: that if perchance it should happen
that the Democratic party eo nomine, that
technical organization, should happen to fail
to get in, in order to Accomplish these great
and benificentresults, why "some such party"
or "such party" as the Democratic party
would!
Why, Mr. President, that is perfectly splen-
did! I am delighted at it. It ought to be
cast in letters of, perhaps not gold, but I will
say copper. It ought to be cast in letters of
copper and nailed on every guide-board at
the cross-roads all over the United Sates, not
forgetting those in Kentucky, so that ail the
people as they traveled might see that, such a
party as the Democratic party, if that cannot
come in—and there seems to be no great hope
of it just now—but that "such a paity" as
that party, under some other perhaps sweeter
name, less nauseous name, should do the
same thing; that is to say, they should look
upon this amendment as a thing which was
forced upon an unwilling people, which was
an invasion of the principles of true govern-
ment as we understand them, and then all
would be well again. Sir, that is delightful,
not because it is new, but because it is frank
and true I
The "such party" to which my friend re-
fers has its nucleus at a place in his own State
