1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4477
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the reading of
the rfpoft in that case.
The Chief Clerk read the report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs submitted on May 30,
by Mr. Osborn, as follows:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred the claim of J.S.Underbill, haveexamined
the >atne and submit the following report:
la the month of September, 1862, Mr. J. S, Under-
bill, proprietor of the Dry-Dock Iron Works, in the
city of New Yoris, was engaged in building the
United Siates iron-elad war steamer Keokuk, under
a contraot with Mr.C. W. Whitney, the Government
contractor lor budding said vessel.
While thu8 engaged in the construction of said
war steamer Keokuk, and in eonsequenceof a great
and sudden emergency of war, as shown and cor-
roborated by the proof filed herewwb, the general
inspector on the part of the United Spates Govern-
ment. Albau C. Stimers, chief engiueei United States
Navy, directed that the light armor be stripped
otf, and that heavier armor should be put upon
a portion of the upper works of the said steamer
Keokuk, and that the work should be expedited by
employing a force of workmen for nights and Sun-
days, and assuring the contractor that the extra
■work thus demanded would be promptly recognized
and paid for by the Navy Department.
The contractor, Mr. C. W. Whitney, it appears,
declined to cause tins work to be done, alleging as
reason therefor that he had not the uece&sary means
to m«et this additional expense, so incident to this
additional woik, as he was already indebted heavily
to Mr. Underbill (the claimant) for work done by
him tor the Government.
Mr. Underbill, being appealed to. expressed his
wiuiuguess to comply with this request, provided
the oiders to perioral this work and pledges to pay
th«refor came from the Navy Department. Chief
Engineer ^timers then exhibited to Mr, Underbill
the letters from lion, G. V. Fox, then Assistant Sec-
retary of the Navy, written to said Stimeis, bear-
ing date* September 5,15. and *27,1862, mentioned in
the communication addressed by said Sum* rs to
lion. Gideon Welles, Secretary ot the Navy, of date
July 8, 18l>8.
Tiie necessary force of workmen, it appears, was
thereupon employed, and kept at work upon the
said iron-clad war steamer Keokuk nights and Sun-
days, Irom October 6, 1862, 10 March 5, 1863, under
the employment and pay ot the said Mr. Undeihill.
Tiie time-tables and record of this work were accu-
rately kept, it is alleged, both by the book-keeper
ot Mr. Underhill and by the Government inspector.
Thepiiees chaigedwere.it seems, no greater than
the regularly established rates ot pay at that time
fui biiuitdr work,and thoaccount therefor presented
if venfied and appears correct.and no part 9! the
same has ever been paid, and thereiore constitutes
an equitable claim against the Government of the
United States, the benefits of which have accrued
soiciy aud entirely to the public service.
Under the evidence presented, the committee can-
not hesitate to recommend Lhe payment of his claim
oi $^3,310 75, and therefore report the accompanying
bill and recommend its passage.
Mr SHERMAN. I would like to ask the
chairman of the committee what distinguishes
this Irom the other claims of a similar char-
acter? I know a c<>nsiituent of mine has had
a very large claim ot the taitie kind, but 1 could
never get a report.
Mr. CRAUIN. This is unlike any other
claim. A man named Whitney was the con-
tractor. Underbill was employed to take off
some light aimor that was put on the vessel,
it having been condemned by the Department,
and put on a heavier kind, and to do this his
workmen were employed at nights and bun
days. The Navy Department, as he alleges,
and as 1 believe fully appears by the papers,
agreed to it. 'J his is simply to pay his labor-
ers for nights and Sundays while doing this
extra woi k whicb has never been paid to the
contractor, Underhill being a sort of sub-
conti actor. 'lbe case is an equitable one
beyond alt doubt.
The b. 11 was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, aud passed.
AitKAMSAS COLLEGE SCRIP.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
827, to au horize the construction of bridges
across the Ohio river and prescribe the dimen-
sion of the same.
Mr. CLAYTON. There was a bill laid aside
which 1 'vant taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, lhe bill
which was laid aside informal.y will now be
taken up, its consideration being called for.
The Senate resumed the consideration ot the
bill (H. R. No. 2109) to authorize the issuance
of college scrip to the State of Arkansas.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the bill
by adding the following:
That the time within which the State of Indiana
may comply with the provisions of the act of July
23,1866, entitled "An act to amend the fifth section
of an act entitled 'An act donating public lands to
the several States aud Territories which may pro-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts,'approved July 2, 1862, so as to ex-
tend the time within which the provisions of said
act shall be accepted and such colleges established,"
is hereby extended so that the State of Indiana shall
have the period of two years, after the 1st day of
July, 1872, within which to provide at least one col-
lege, as described in the fourth section of an act en-
titled "An act donating public lands to the several
States and Territoiies which may provide colleges
tnr the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts," approved July 2,1862.
Mr. SAWYER. I will simply state that the
time duiing which the State of Indiana could
take advantage of this act expires on t,he3d of
July, this year, and the building is not quite
ready to go into operation, hence the necessity
of the extension.
The amendment was agreed to.
• Mr. RICE. 1 offer the following amend-
ment to this bill, to be added as additional
sections:
Sec. —. That in all cases where parties may have
heretofore made homestead entries of the public
lands, which entries have not been canceled, and
have made their affidavits before clerks of the
county courts, or other persons authorized to ad-
minister oaths, without having previously made the
settlement required by the third section of the act
of March 21, 1864, amendatory of the homestead
law, and for other purposes, such failure shall not
be construed to work a torfeiture of their claims:
Prodded, That since their entries such parties have
in all other respects complied substantially with the
requirements ot the homestead law.
Sue. —. That, in all cases of entries heretofore
madeot the public lands of the United States, under
the homestead law and its amendments, wher*- it
shall appear that the parties have substantially
complied with the requirements ot sard l.ivv but have
failed to go upon the land within six months from
the date of entry, or have otherwise failed in the
minor requirements of the law, such failure shall
not be construed to work a forfeiture, but the entry
shall be subject to the equitable consideration of the
Commissioner of the General Laud Office, who may,
if heis satisfied thatthe entry was madeingoodfaith,
and that the f.iilure of the settler was not from his
own neglect, approve the ease and issue patent in
the usual manner: Provided, That such entries have
not heretofore been canceled by the Commissioner
of the General Lan 1 Ofiicc.
Sec. —. That in all eases of entries of public lands
under the homestead laws where the lands so
entered have been abandoned, aud subsequently
reentered under said homestead Iiws by the same
or other parties, and where such subsequent entries
are, under the ruliugs of the Secretary of the In-
terior, dependent for thcirvalidity upon the legality
of the affidavits in said original entries, said affi-
davits are hereby legalized and confirmed so as to
protect the persons making such subsequent entries
who have, in good farh, complied with the pro-
visions of the homestead laws.
Mr. STEWART. Where does that come
from?
Mr. RICE. It has passed the House, and
has been reported by the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will
pay attention. This is the dangerous hour of
the session, and T hope every Senator will pay
attention to what is going on. Here is a bill
giving to the State ot Arkansas her share of
agricultural college scrip. There is no objec-
tion to that. Then the Senator from South
Carolina offers a proposition to extend tor two
years the time to the State of Indiana to com
plete her arrangements for her agricultural
college. There is no objection to that. But
here is a proposition that I have listened to
that has never passed any committee of this
body, a measure broad in its extent
Mr. RICE. I wish to correct the Senator
from Ohio. It has passed the Committee on
Public Lands of this body and has passed the
House ot Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN, hi the first place it has
no pertinency to the bill. It has nothing to
do willi college lands. It relates to home
steads and vaiious land matters, one ot the
most difficult subjects of legislation. Now, I
ask the Senator from Arkansas is it exactly
fair in the first place to put a bill ot this
kind on the bill of his colleague which is for
the benefit of the State ot Arkansas to give
her agiicultural college scrip? I must object
to the incongruity, the dangerous incongruity
of offering amendments of this kind.
Mr. OSBORN. My impression is that that
bill has never passed the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. I have uo recollection of it, being
a member of that committee. ,
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the chairman it
this has ever passed the Committee on Public
Lands ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
lias been informed by ihe Clerk that it has not
been reported. It has been before the commit-
tee, but it, has not been reported, as the Chair
is informed.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the dangerous
hour for legislation. I trust thai no bill will
be passed unless the subject-matter is fully
understood. It would be daugerous to load
down tins bill with other bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This has
been considered by the committee, but the
Clerk informs the Chair that it has-not been
reported from lhe committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Surely it ought not to
be put upon tins bill; otherwise we pu' a
mountain upon a mole-hill.
Mr. O>B0RN. I hope this amendment will
not be put upon the bill. The bill, as reported
aud amended, simply refers to educational
affairs and the extension of the time lor the
organization of the college.
Mr. RICE. I wish to say, with reference
to this amendment, in answer to the remarks
of the Senator from Ohio in regard to putting
this amendment on to lhe bill of my colleague
that relates to Arkansas, that the bill I have
offered as an amendment is of benefit to more
people in Arkansas, ten to one, than the ori-
ginal bill. I move it ill behalf of citizens of
Arkansas who have been pressing all winter
to have it passed. I have tried for two days
to getit up. and have not been able to get tiies
floor, and I take advantage of this opportun-
ity to get it before the Senate. I do not know
a point against the bill, aud no Senator makes
a point against its passage. 1 do not know
any reason that any man can offer against it.
Homestead settlers have settled upon l.md ;
some of them have not strictly complied with
the provisions of the homestead act, and they
simply ask ihat under the directiou of the Sec-
retaty ofthe Interior they be allowed yet to com-
ply with its provisions. That is all it asks.
Mr. CLAYl'ON. I have nothing to say
against the amendment as a distinct, proposi-
tion ; but I hope my colleague will not load
down this bill with any amendment.
Mr. RICE. It will not load it; the House
will adopt it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am ready to vote for
it upon its merits, but let it stand by itself.
The bill itself is an important bill and ought,
to go through by itself.
Mr. RICE. The bill has to go back to the
House on account of the amendment of the
committee, and if it goes back with this amend-
ment also, it goes tjucfe With a proposition
which has already passed the House, and
therefore cannot be objectionable to the House.
It, will not load the bid at all.
Mr. CASSERLY. As a member of the Com
mittee on Public Lands I have felt it my duty
to look at the bib wh-ch the Senator from Ark-
ansas has offeied as an amendment, to the
pending bill. I think no sucti bill as that has
ever been approved by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. 1 do not remember, indeed, having
ever seen it before. I do not say that it has not
been considered m the committee, but I am
quite certain it never was approved by that
committee. I speak with great relucUnce
against the wishes of the Senator from Ark-
ansas who has offered this amendment, but I
