1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which shall be nameless, and which is to go
forth as "such a party;" that is, like the
Democratic party, having all its substance,
having all its elements, having all its members,
but not having its name, but is to be culled by
the name of " sucha party." Well, Mr. Pres
ident, I am bound to say, as one of the patriots
of this country who believe in the common
good of mankind, that I am very much obliged
to my honorable friend and his associates tor
this honorable frankness in defining, even in
this somewhat narrow way, so far as elaboia-
tion goes, and giving as the key-note of ex-
actly what it is proposed to do. To be sure,
we all knew it before ; but it is better to make
a manly and public proclamation of it in this
way, and so J say I am very much obliged to
him.
Now, Mr. President, to come to this amend-
ment for a single moment—the amendment, of
my colleague, not the fourteenth amendment—
the error iri'0 which my triend from Ohio has
fallen in defending this judgment of the Su-
preme Court is this: we do not disagree that
the Supreme Court has the right to declare
upon the parties that are before it, and for the
guidance of all suitors, what the effect of a
presidential pardon is ; but it lias not a right
to declare what shall be the jurisdiction of a
particular court; and the whole Drake amend-
ment, so called, so far as it related tothe essen-
tial point, was a jurisdictional amendment,
because it declared that when it should ap-
pear that the claimant had bseu disloyal, and
therefore stood as the man who, by the act of
1863, was declared should not have a status in
that, court, the cause should be dismissed. The
Supreme Court have said, as it seems, that
notwithstanding that does appear, the cause
shall not be dismissed, but the man shall have
his money. So far, I am bound to say that
I think the Supreme Court made an immeas-
urable error, upon the argument of my friend
himself, for the whole substance of the point
was that when it should appear in the Court
of Claims that the man who had undertaken
to have the status there had been disloyal as a
matter of fact, the cause should be dismissed.
Then the Drake amendment undertook to
lay down the rule of evidence as to what should
be the proof of disloyalty, and it laid down
the very same rule of evidence tbat the Su-
preme Court, looking at it from the other
point of view, declared was the rule of evi-
dence ; that is to say, that the pardon or am-
nesty which the President had undertaken to
grant should be conclusive evidence of the fact
that- the man stood in the category that he said
he did when he accepted his pardon in writ-
ing ; that is all. i take it the Supreme Court
will not, as a general principle, undertake to
declare that the law-making power may not
prescribe rules of evidence in any of theeourts.
We always have hitherto, and they have al-
ways carried them out.
But, sir, it was the exceeding desire, as it
seems to me, of that court (which has clouded
for the moment their true appreciation of the
aspect of the affair) to promote peace and
harmony, I will say, to the country by giving
to the people whose property was captured
while they were in arms against the United
States the right of getting it back under color
of pardon, that has led them into that error.
The Senator from Ohio will not contend
that any pardon or amnesty in a case of war
will authorize the belligerent, be he citizen or
be he alien, to demand a restoration of the
-property that has been taken from him by
force of arms. This captured and abandoned
property act was a war act merely? It was to
have application in that very^ country where
the Supreme Court, pronouncing its opinion
hy the mouth of the same Chief Justice who
pronounced this last one, declared that every
.ifian in that territory was an enemy of the
-United States, that he stood in the attitude
of a belligerent, and that the laws of public
VfW applied to feiw.
Now, we. applying our laws to that state
of things, say that one class of those, public
enemies, those made public enemies by the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, all of them who in fact were'not public
enemies but only public enemies in Saw, might
have a restoration of the property that was
seized while they thus stood in the attitude,of
public enemies, and that the other class, who
were public enemies in fact as well as law,
should not have a status in the Court of Claims
to take their money out of the Treasury. That
is all there is to it; and therefore this amend-
ment of my colleague is merely to provide, as
to those who were public enemies both in fact
and in law, that while they may have become
friends by law,, so to speak, they shall not
take this money out of the Tteasury until the
Congress of the United States shall say so.
Mr. TELURMAN. The disease of my friend
from Indiana is becoming contagious. He
made his stump speech, and the Senator from
Vermont has caught the disease and has made
his little stump speech; but 1 must say that
while the speech of the latter was the more
witty, the speech of the former was the more
ponderous and formidable.
The Senator from Vermont gays that I
treated the fourteenth amendment with disre-
spect because I spoke of it as a "thing." I
was not aware that I had used that word in
describing it. If I did, it was perfectly invol-
untary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; that is the
fun of it.
Mr. THURMAN. And if I didit is because
I am accustomed to use short Saxon words;
and furthermore I might say this is the first
time in my life I ever heard that the word
"thing" was a term of opprobrium. It may
be made a term of opprobrium ; but that it is
in its ordinary signification a term of oppro-
brium, is what I never knew before.
It so happens that yesterday week I ad-
dressed the Senate at great length on the
North Carolina case. I had a proposition in
regard to that case which was very dear, I may
say, to me; that is, I felt it strongly, and felt
its correctness, and 1 felt that the character of
the Senate in some measure depended upon
the sustaining of that proposition. In speak-
ing of that proposition in the very opening
remarks, what did I call it? I beg leave to
read to the Senate one sentence:
" That is what I nowpropose to show as well as I
ma,y be able to do it. X know it can be done, and I
know that if I fail to do it to-day, it will not be
because the thing is not capable of demonstration,
but because X am too feeble to make the demonstra-
tion."
And now, according to the logic of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, I was using an opprobrious
term in regard to that proposition, which I
was endeavoring to demonstrate and hoped to
be able to demonstrate to the Senate that, day!
1 commend to his reading the Holy Scriptures,
where he will find this word "thing" used in
the most solemn way in the world. "All things
are possible with God;" but according to the
reasoning of the Senator from Vermont that
means only all opprobrious things are possible
with God. That is the reasoning; that is the
logic. But let that pass.
In the next place, the Senator sticks upon
the words "such a party." That was very
witty. That was very humorous. I leave it
to those who go to the Cincinnati convention
to defend themselves. If they shall form a
party that shall stand by the Constitution and
resist its infraction, whether I shall be one of
it or not, I shall certainly rejoice that there is
one party, as well as the Democratic party in
the country, that does that thing 
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will be "such a party,"
then.
Mr. THURMAN. That there is a party
that at least pays some respect to the Con-
stitution besides the Democratic party. I
shall certainly do that; but I do not speak for
them; I do not speak'for anybody butwyself.
I do not speak even for the Democratic party,
for 1 have, no right to speak for it. I am one
of it j I expect to be oue of it just as long as I
live; and I think it is a parsy that-it would be
well for this country ij it should once more
have the ^eips of government in its. hands.
But j.f th^re is such a party,   party that will
maintain the Constitution an4 resist all infrac-
tions of it, and will administer this Government
in the interest of the people,- and qat in the
interest of a party or of a, class, tha  I shall
be glad if I cannot get the Democratic party
to get that. Bat I am expressing no opinions
about the Cincinnati convention one way &t
the other I cannot speak for tbe Democratic
patty, and I certainly cannot speak for a party
that I am not quite well assured yet baa any
existence. So much for that.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to the argu-
ment of the Senator on the decision of the
Supreme Court, I am not going over that, i
have said all 1 wish to say upon it. What I
said before I will repeat, that this is nst an
amendment to be put upon an appropriation
bill; this is not an amendment to be adopted
without any reference to a committee or any
consideration by the body.
Mr. EDM UNDS. My friend has shown his
usual adroitness in getting out of hia '"thing,"
by showing that that word may have more
meanings than one; but I shall leave it to the
Senators on all sides who read the Globe to-
morrow, (because I know he does not doctor
his speeches any more than I do mine,) to
pronounce their judgment upon the sense in
which he used that word.
Almost every word in the English language
has more meanings than one, and the word
"thing" is one of them. I understood the
Senator certainly, and I think the context will
show, that he used it in the sense which stood
in harmony with the rest of his remarks, that
this •' thing," as he called it, had b«en forced
upon us by unconstitutional means, aad, in
such a way that he was afraid we could not in
form get rid of it whatever of methods of sub-
stance might be adopted, •. ,
Now, as to "suoh a party," if we eaa have
a party, he says, which shall be a constitu-
tional party, he will be glad of it. So shall I,
We have one party of that kind Already,. Mr.
President. It is the party of which X am an
humble member [laughter on the Democratic
side] for which I have no authority to speak.
That is the party which, in spite of Democratic
opposition, in spite of the opposition of many
ot the gentlemen who are to be "such a party,"
has carried into effect on the statute-book of
the Government the three amendments, the
thirteenth, the fourteenth, and the fifteenth.
Mr, MORTON. Aaii saved the rest of the
Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has passed the recon-,
struetion laws, and it has stood by them. It
has passed the civil rights bill, and it has stood
by that, and it means to, although, perhaps,
some of the people who were loudest in pass-
ing tbe civil rights bill have changed their
minds. It has passed the later acts touching
the condition of these southern States under
these new amendments. It has undertaken
to enforce the thirteenth, the fourteenth, and
the fifteenth amendments.
Now, the honorable Senator plainly means—
he can mean nothing else—that " such a
party," which is to be a constitutional party
to bring the Government back to its consti-
tutional status, must be a party which makes
war upon every one of the things that this
unconstitutional party, as he calls ours, has
pat upon the statute-book and put into tho
Constitution. Therefore,he may well say that
the Cincinnati party is "such a party" as
will meet with Democratic approval, because
if, by the aid of the Democracy and by the aid
of the elements which it may bring to boax, it
can get into power, it, will do tbe very thing
whieh he says will make it a constitutional
party, and without which it will not be such a
