2686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
party, and without which it would be no party
at ail; and that is, to wipe out from the statute-
book ©very enactment that we have made
enforcing civil rights, every enactment that we
have made enforcing either of these three
amendments, every enactment that we have
made protecting the rights of citizens of the
United States, as citizens, under the Consti-
tution, over the land, and send us back into
the slough of the aristocratic and base con-
dition where we stood before, where there
should not be equality among men, where
there should not be equal rights, where there
should not he civil liberty, where there should
not be equal suffrage, where there should be
nothing but the ancient caste, the ancient
slavery in substance, and the ancient Democ-
.racy to rule.
Mr. THURMAN. I have never been one
of those who thought that the Cincinnati con-
vention was likely to be any very great event
in the history of this country 
, ;. Mr. EDMUNDS. Only an assistant Dem-
ocratic convention. [Laughter. ]
Mr.. THURMAN. Let me go on.
Bat I confess I begin to think I have been
greatly mistaken. The alarm manifested by
the Senator from Indiana, and reechoed by
the Senator from Vermont, and their attack-
ing that convention in the absence of the Sen-
ators on this floor who are supposed to favor
it,.make me begin to believe that there is
more in it than I had thought. [Laughter.]
I do not see why such blows should be dealt at
• it if it is a mere myth.
I do not see really why, in anticipation of it,
and as if for the purpose of warning the people
not to go to it, these dreadful consequences
should be-held out to the public by two such
distinguished Senators. It looks as if they were
afraid of a stampede in their own ranks, and
they were therefore sounding the alarm and
calling upon all their little lieutenants every-
where to watoh the troops and see that they
do not desert. [Laughter.] I do not know
whether that is so or not.
* If my friend, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, who has this bill in
charge, is disposed to give some two or three
days to stump speaking on this subject, I will
send a message for those who are in favor of
the Cincinnati convention to come here and
meet these two gentlemen on that subject.
[Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not the Senator him-
self in favor of it?
Mr. COLE. I think all who desire to make
stump speeches have done so, and I hope we
shall now be allowed to have a vote.
Mr._ EDMUNDS. I have not quite finished
(if this is called stamp speaking) what I have
to say.
The honorable Senator from Ohio says, first,
that somebody is alarmed. I beg him not to
deceive himself. Telling the truth, I have never
been taught in my northern country to be-
lieve to be a cause of alarm to those to whom
it is told.
Secondly, (because I intend to be brief,)
as to our alluding to these subjects in the
absence of those Senators who are supposed,
as he says, to be in favor of the Cincinnati
movement, as it is ealled, I beg him to under-
stand that we rightly believe, as I suppose,
that they are not other than the lieutenants to
whom he has just alluded in that movement,
and that the real generals and commanders-
in-chief are those who now stick by on this
bill. I have therefore felt justified in address-
ing myself to the Senator from Ohio chiefly
as the representative man upon this aspect,
iipon that subject, because I knew, as every-
body in the country knows, that the bottom
of the thing rests on that side of the Cham-
ber, and not on this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Owing to
a misunderstanding, by the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate the vote upon the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont
is considered as not taken, and the Chair now
recognizes the Senator from Delaware to make
his intended motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to lay this amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.. That will
carry the bill with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No; this
being an appropriation bill, the motion, if
agreed to, will simply carry the amendment
to the table. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Delaware.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STOCKTON. Will it be in order to
move to adjourn?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order at any time.
Mr. COLE. Let us get over this obstacle
first.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have an executive
session for a few minutes.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move, then, an execu-
tive session.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After three minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened; and (at
five o'clock and forty seven-minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 23, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
TRANSFER OF OFFICERS.
Mr. BUCKLEY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2370) defining
the rank of officers transferred from super-
numerary list; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
POTTAWATOMIE AND SHAWNEE INDIANS.
Mr. COBURN. As the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs will soon be ealled for reports, I
ask unanimous consent that the bill of the
Senate No. 988, to provide homes for the
Pottawatomie and absentee Shawnee Indians
in the Indian territory, be taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, not to be brought back
into the House by a motion to reconsider.
No objection was made ; and the bill was
accordingly taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPAYMENT OF TAXES OX DISTILLED SPIRITS.
Mr. BECK. I ask unanimous consent that
Senate bill No. 881, to provide for the abate-
ment or repayment of taxes on distilled spirits
in bond destroyed by casualty, be taken from
the Speaker's table and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
No objection was made; and bill was ac-
cordingly taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
DENVER AND RIO GRANDE RAILWAY.
Mr. CHAFFEE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (EC. R. No. 2871) granting
the right of way through the public lands to
the Denver and Rio Grande Railway Company;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Railways and Canals,
and ordered to be printed.
ANDREW DILLMAN.
Mr. SNAPP, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H, ,R. No. 2372) for the exten-
sion of a patent to Andrew Dill man ; which
was read a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
EDWARD C. GAKUCK.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2373) for the relief
of Edward C. Garliek ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. SLATER, by unanim us consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2374) amendatory
of an act entitled "An act donating public
lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit, of'
agriculture and the mechanic arts," passed
July 2,18(52; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Comaiiitee on the Public
Lauds, and ordered to be printed.
LAND GRANT FOR SCHOOLS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2375) to grant to the State of Missouri all the
public lands within the State remaining undis-
posed of for the benefit of the public school
fund of said State ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Education and Labor, and ordered to be
printed.
r FREDERICK PECK.
Mr. DONNAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution;
which were read, considered, and adopted:
Whereas it is represented that Mr. Frederick Peek,
formerly a clerk in the Bureau of Agriculture, made
to the Agricultural Department a targe donation
from his own collection of specimens for-botanical
reference, which was accepted by special act of Con-
gress; and whereas it is lurcher represented that he
was several years since discharged from his position
in that Department, and is now indigent and an
invalid in one of thehospitalsof this city: Therefore,
Hesolved. That the Committee on Agriculture be
instructed to inquire into the facts of the case, and
if m their judgment the circumstances warr\<;t it to
report to this House a bill granting said I'eck rea-
sonablecompensation for his'services and liberality,
and that the committee be authorized to report at
any time.
SUPERIOR BAY, LAKH SUPERIOR.
Mr. RUSK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2376) to restore the
waters of the bay of Superior to their natural
outlet; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
PRESBYTERIAN- CHURCH, MUltFRKKSBOR0.
Mr. BRIGHT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2377) making an
appropriation for the benefit of the Presbyte-
rian church, Murfreesboro, Tennessee; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. BRIGHT, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2378) for thf>
removal of the political disabilities of J. K.
Dromgoole, of Tennessee; which was read n
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
ROBERTSON TOPP AND WILLIAM L. VANCE.
Mr. BRIGHT, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2879) for the
relief of Robertson Topp and William L.
Vance,; which was read a first and second
time_, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MARY E. CAMPBELL.
Mr. BRIGHT, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2380) granting a
pension to Mary E. Campbell; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
MAJOR GBNKRAL DON CARLOS BUELL.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, sub-
