1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
Laics of the United States.
the death of Captain Barker, February nine-
teenth, eighteen hundred arid nineteen : and
that a warrant be issued to the taid Harriet
Spring for such bounty land as she, in virtue
of the services of the said Captain Williams
Barker, deceased, as a private soldier in said
war is entitled to receive.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXI.—An Act to authorize the Pay-
ment of Bounty to Ann McCarthy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House, of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Second Auditor
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and directed to issue a certificate for a
bounty of one hundred dollars, payable to Ann
McCarthy, of Boston, Massachusetts, in lieu
of Treasury certificate number three hundred
•And nine thousand one hundred and fifty-nine,
lavable to John McCarthy, father of said Ann
McCarthy, upon the surrender of said Treasury
certificate.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXII.—-An Act for the Relief of
William F. Barker, Postmaster at North-
ville, BVlton county, New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post Office Department be,
and hereby is, authorized and directed to
jredit William F. Barker, postmaster at North-
pitle, in the county of Fulton, and State of
New York, in his account, with the sum of
two hundred dollars, being the value of post-
age-stamps stolen from the safe of said office
by burglars on the night of the thirtieth day
of December, eighteen hundied and seventy,
without fault or negligence on the part of said
postmaster.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXII1.—An Act for the Relief of
William B. Muse.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
'Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized to pay
to William B. Muse, formerly a passed mid-
shipman in the Navy of the United States, the
sum of seven hundred and twenty-nine dol-
lars, from any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, as payment in full for
services rendered the Government during two
years and twenty-eight days, the said amount
being the difference of pay between a passed
midshipman and a master in the Navy of the
United States.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXIY.—An Act for the Relief of
Simeon Stansifer.
Beitenactedby the Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, in adjusting the accounts of Simeon
Stansifer, late collector of internal revenue
for the third district of Indiana, to allow him
a credit of eight hundred dollars on account
of an error committed in regard to revenue
stamps alleged to have been delivered to him
as such collector.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
I money subject to his order for the pay of the
j Army, to Doctor John H. MeQuown, of Illi-
! nois, the sum of one thousand and twenty
| dollars, in full satisfaction for all military and
medical services rendered the United States
by said John H. McQaown as acting assistant
surgeon of the sixty-second regiment of Illinois
volunteer infantry.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXVI.—An Act for the Relief of
the heirs of Lieutenant Colonel Humphrey
M. Woodyard, late of the Twenty-First
Missouri Infantry.
Whereas, in the year eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, stoppage was made against the
pay of officers of the twenty-first regiment
Missouri infantry volunteers, by Major H. V.
Sullivan, paymaster United States Army, and
the amount of pay stopped against Humphrey
M. Woodyard, deceased, lieutenant colonel
twenty-first regiment infantry volunteers, was
one thousand and ninety-nine dollars and seven
cents, which, after the death of Humphrey M.
Woodyard, was found erroneously stopped :
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Sates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay Alice N. Woodyard, Nantilla
M. Woodyard, Marce B. Woodyard, James N.
Woodyard, and Sue T. Woodyard, the sum
of one thousand and ninety-nine dollars and
seven cents, being the amount due the heirs
of H. M. Woodyard, deceased.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXVIL—An Act for the Relief of
Seth M. Wbitten, late Private of the Fourth
Regiment, Michigan Infantry.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Adjutant General
of the Army be, and he is hereby, directed to
remove the charge of desertion from the name
of Seth M. Whitten, late private company K,
fourth regiment of Michigan infantry, and that
the said Seth M. Whitten shall be allowed and
paid the back pay and bounty due bim, in the
same manner and to the same extent as if the
said charge of desertion had never been made.
Approved, June 10,1872.
Chap. CDLXY.—An Act for the Relief of
Doctor John H. MeQuown, of Illinois.
Beit enactedby the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster (gen-
eral cause to be allowed and paid, out ot any
Chap. CDLXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
William J. Clark, Administrator of Gad B.
Upson, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United, States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to
audit, settle, and adjust, upon just and equita-
ble principles, the accounts of William J.
Clark, administrator of the estate of Gad E.
Upson, deceased, late United States agent for
the Blackfoot and other Indians in the Terri-
tory of Montana, and commissioner on the
part of the United States in negotiating a
treaty with said Indians, for disbursements
made, and s-. rvices rendered, on behalf of the
Government: Provided, That the amount
which may be allowed under authority of this
act, and not now authorized by law, shall not
exceed the sum of two thousand dollars.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
42d Cong.... 2d Sess.
Chap. CDLXtX.—An Act for the Relief of
Dwight J. McCaun.
Beitenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to examine the claim of Uwignt J.
McCann, on account of losses sustained by
breach of contract for the transportation of
Indian supplies at Omaha, Nebraska, in May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and to adjust
and settle the same, not to exeed the sum of
four thousand eight hundred and ninety dol-
lars and seventy-five cents, to be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, in full satisfaction thereof.
Approved, June 10,1872.
Chap. CDLXX.—An Act for the Relief of
William M. Stafford, late Acting District
Attorney for Montana Territory.
Beitenacted bythe Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Wil-
liam M. Stafford, the sum of five hundred dol-
lars, as compensation for his services rendered
as acting United States district attorney for
Montana Territory during the years one thou-
sand eight hundred and sixty-six and seven.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXXI.— An Act for the Relief of
Richard R. Boiling.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, authorized and directed, in adjusting
and settling the accounts of Richard R. Boi-
ling, late surveyor of customs and United
States depositary at Louisville, Kentucky, to
credit him with the sum of twenty-three thou-
sand eight hundred and thirty-eight dollars
and seventy-seven cents, being the amount of
Government funds embezzled and stolen from
him, without his default, while holding the
said offices during the years eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven and eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXXII.—An Act for the Relief of
T. P. Robb, of Savannah, Georgia.
Beit enactedby the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be and is ap-
propriated out of the Treasury, from the rev-
enues of the Post Office Department, for the
relief of T. P. Robb, the sum of one thousand
dollars, which shall be in full for all services
rendered the Post Office Department in the
matter of collecting the sum of eighteen thou-
sand four hundred and fifty dollars and thirty-
one cents of one A. L. Harris, formerly a
special agent of that Department.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXXIII.— An Act for the Relief of
A. G. Booth, late Assistant Assessor in the
Twenty-First Revenue District of Pennsyl-
vania.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to A. G. Booth, late
assistant assessor in the twenty-first revenue
district of Pennsylvania, the compensation
payable to assessors in said district, from the
fifteenth day of January, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, until the eighth day ot April,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, being the
period during which he acted as assessor,
after deducting the amount paid him as assist-
ant assessor during the same period.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
