1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4479
of the motion that the Chair has been putting
(o the Senate is to take up that bill. If the
motion, is really to lay the other bill on the
table or pass it over, I have nothing to say;
but before the bridge bill is taken up I wish to
make a remark or two. I should like to know
from the Chair what the proposition was that
was submitted to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER._ The ques-
tion before the Senate is on laying aside in-
formally the Arkansas bill. Is there objection
to that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to laying it
aside informally. Let us dispose of it one
way or the other. The motion to lay on the
table has not been disposed of as yet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator now moves that the bill lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Chair will pardon
me a minute, we took that vote, except that
we were found without a quorum, but there is
a quorum if the Clerk will call the absentees.
Air. TRUMBULL. The vote was not by
yeas and navs, but by a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks there is a quorum present.
Mr. CONKLING. Was the vote taken by
yeas and nays ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was not.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I do not object,
of course, to another division.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No debate
can be had on a motion to lay on the table.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 17, noes 19 ; no quorum voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon this
question the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to occupy the
attention of the Senate but one minute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator can proceed by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senate desire to do
what I think this bill will effect, of course I
have no personal objection to it. The Gov-
ernment invested certain trust funds held for
the use. of the Choctaw Indians I think in
Arkansas bonds twenty or thirty years ago.
The State has failed to pay either the bond? or
the interest. The Department of the Interior
is holding this college scrip as collateral secur-
ity to secure the payment of this trust fund
for the 'benefit ot those Indians. They do
this, as I understand, under a general law di-
recting the Government to hold any funds or
moneys that may be due from the Government
to any State until the State shall settle up the
claims the Government has upon it. Now,
this bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to deliver over to the State of Arkansas this
college scrip. Of course it will remove it from
the custody of the Department, and cease
after that to be security for the payment, or
aid in securing the payment of this trust
mouey. If that is the desire of the Senate,
then of course this bill will effect it. The
Secretary of the Interior has wiitten a letter
advising that it should not be done ; but if the
Senate think differently let it be done under-
standing^. The Senators from Arkansas are
very anxious to have it done, and say to me
privately that the State has been endeavoring
to secure this money in a different way.
Mr. CLAYTON, 1 ask unanimous consent
to say it few words. 1 think I can make this
matter understood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. CLAYTON. The State of Arkansas
some thirty-three or thirty-four years ago
issued bonds for certain purposes, and _ the
Chickasaw Indians invested their funds in a
portion of those bonds. When the war closed
those bonds became due. The State of Ark-
ansas at, that time was utterly unable to pay
the principal of the bonds. She provided by
law, however, for the funding of the bonds,
and the State ha3 funded all the bonds except
these Chickasaw Indian bonds. The Secre-
tary of the Interior claims that he has not the
power to allow those bonds to be funded with-
out the action of Congress. We have paid
every cent of the interest on the bonds since
we have funded them. We cannot pay the
principal, It is true this scrip is being held
back on account of the non-payment of the
principal of those bonds; but it does seem to
me very wrong to stop our educational insti-
tutions simply because we are unable to pay
the principal of this debt. The Secretary of
the Interior cannot appropriate one dollar
of this sum to pay that interest. He simply
holds us and stops us going on with our insti-
tutions. I hope that will not be done. I
hope we shall be allowed to go on with our
agricultural colleges and pay our debts, as we
intend to pay them, in a proper way.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to make
one inquiry for information. Is there any act
of Congress whereby this money is held back
from the State of Arkansas to secure the pay-
ment of these Indian bonds ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not believe there is.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a general law not
directing this specifically, but directing the
Government to withhold the payment.
Mr. MORTON. I will state to the Senator
from Iowa that the law applies to the debts
due to the States by the General Government;
for instance, for moneys advanced during the
war. Now, this is a debt due by the State of
Arkansas upon her bonds in which the Gov-
ernment invested the funds of these Indians.
But so far as the agricultural college scrip is
concerned the State of Arkansas is a mere
trustee. No court of chancery would ever
authorize the one to be held as security for
the payment of the other. The State of Ark-
ansas does owe a debt wh'ich she cannot now
pay ; but so far as the agricultural scrip is con-
cerned it cannot be held as a set-off. That
does not belong to the State of Arkansas
except as a trustee for certain purposes, and
she is entitled to receive it only upon condi-
tion of complying with certain arrangements
required by the law. There can be no set-off
of the one against the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is within
the knowledge of the Chair that there is a
quorum present, and the Chairwill now receive
a message from the House of Representatives.
MKSSAGK FROM THE HOOSiS.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
996) to repeal so much of section six of an act
entitled " An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army tor the year end-
ing June 30, 1870, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1869, as prohibits promo-
tions in the staff departments of the Army.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (_S. No. 1089) to reimburse
the State of Nevada for expenses incurred
while a Territory, in the purchase of a prison
and in support of United States courts.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 2046) for the relief
of Theodore Adams, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. John A. Peters of
Maine, Mr. Henry H. Stakkweather. of Con-
necticut, and Mr. William S. Holman of Indi-
ana, managers at the same on its part.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 508) for the relief of certain tribes
of Indians in the northern superintendency.
theodore adams.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No, 2046) for the
relief of Theodore Adams, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the eonterence asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Soott, Mr. Boreman, and Mr. Blair.
iieeman raster.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1936) for the relief of
Herman Raster, collector of internal revenue
for the first district of Illinois, to report it
back with amendments, and I ask for its pres-
ent consideration. It is a bill that ought to
become a law at this session, and will be of
very little use if it does not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
are about to take the yeas and nays on a
motion to lay the pending bill on the table,
and while that is pending the Senator from
Delaware asks unanimous consent to proceed
to the consideration of the bill just reported
by him.
Mr. CLAYTON. I object.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope there will be no
objection. It will take but a moment to dis-
pose of this bill, and it is a very important
matter to this mail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the bill ?
Mr. OSBORN. Yes, sir, there is objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Florida to ob-
ject, and the call of the yeas and nays will
proceed.
Mr. SAWYER. As this debate has pro-
ceeded by unanimous consent, I ask to say a
single word if there be no objection.
Mr. OSBORN. I withdraw my objection
to the bill reported by the Senator from Del-
aware.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida withdraws his objection to
the bill reported by the Senator from Del-
aware, and if there be no further objection the
bill is before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
The Committee on Finance reported the
bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in line eight after
the word "account" to strike out the words
" such amount as in equity and justice may
seem right," and to insert " not exceeding
the sum of $83,691 93, or so much thereof as
shall be satisfactorily proven to have been lost
and destroyed as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve, to
strike out the words "by affidavits or other-
wise."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighteen,
after the word "may" and before the word
" abate" to insert the words " on proof satis-
factory to him."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines nineteen
and twenty, to strike out the words "on such
proof as can be made under the circumstances,
and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
four, to strike out the words " in case the same
should become collectable."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, reads as follows :
Whereas the great conflagration in the city of
Chicago on tlie8th and 9th days of October, 3871, de-
stroyed the custom-house and post office building m
said city, in which was located the office of the col-
lector of internal revenue tor the first district of
Illinois, whereby a oonsiderable quantity of internal
