896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
the States. That is all to be taken away from
(he States and to be conferred upon the Fed-
eral courts and Federal Legislature. It is
because of this evident tendency that I do
object to the passage of laws of this kind, and
insist that the States should be sovereign and
supreme in local legislation, and that the Fed-
eral courts and the Federal laws should be
confined to cases that are of national cogni-
zance. That, it seems to me, is the proper
distinction you should observe; and because
the bill of the Senator from Massachusetts
infringes upon these rights, I shall vote
against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Carpenter] to perfect the portion of the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts proposed to be stricken out by the Sena-
tor from Ohio.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed by Mr.
Sherman to strike out the fifth section of the
amendment of Mr. Sumner in the following
words:
Sue. —. That every law, statute, ordinance, regu-
lation, orcustom inconsistent with this act, or mak-
ing any discrimination against any person on account
of color by the use of the word white," is hereby
repealed and annulled.
It is proposed by Mr. Carpenter to amend
that section so as to make it read—
That every discrimination against any person on
account of color by the use of the word "white," in
any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation, is hereby
repealed and annulled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on this amendment of the Senator trom
Wisconsin.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The yeas
and nays have been ordered, I believe.
Mr. SUMNER. Letthis amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin be adopted. It is
merely to perfect the original proposition, not
to change its character.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I did not
observe what the amendment, was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin is with a
view of perfecting the section proposed by the
Senator from Ohio to be stricken out.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. 1 have no
objection to that. I recollect it, now.
The PRE IDING OFFICER. If there is
no objection, the order for the yeas and nays
will be rescinded. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] to strike out the fifth
section of the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] being the sec-
tion just amended ; and on this question the
yeas and nays have been ordered. The Sec-
retary will report the words proposed to be
stricken out.
The Chief Clerk. The section, as amended,
now reads:
That every discrimination against any person on
account of color by the use of the word " white " in
any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation, is hereby
repealed and annulled.
Mr. SUMNER. Yesterday, supposing that
the original amendment introduced by me was
still within my own control, not knowing that
the yeas aud nays had been ordered, I yielded
to the pressure of friends, and said that I would
consent to drop that section. I did it with
great hesitation and reluctance; but now that
we are to vote on it formally, that other Sen-
ators insist upon a vote, I feel that I cannot
record my name against it.
Mr. COLE. I will simply remark that I do
not suppose that the form of the section as it
is now with the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin, alters the effect of it all, but
it is equally obnoxious to the principal objec-
tion now as before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Hamilton] was called away two or
three days ago by the extreme illness of a
relative of his family, and I agreed to pair
with him upon all amendments, he being
opposed to all amendments and I being in
favor of some amendments. I do not know
how he wonld vote upon this particular ques-
tion, but I think myself bound in honor to him
to withhold my vote, although 1 should vote,
if I felt free, in favor of striking out this
clause.
Mr. STEVENSON. _ My colleague [Mr.
Davis] is confined to his bed by sickness.
The question being taken by yeas and nays;
resulted—yeas 25, nays 34 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Brownlow, Cole,
Corbett, Davis of West Virginia. Flanagan, Fre-
lingliuysen, Goldthwaite. Hill, Hitchcock, John-
ston, Kelly, Norwood, Nye, Pool, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Seott, Sherman, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman,
l'ipton, and Viekers—25.
HAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Carpenter.Chandler.Clayton.Conkling.Cragin,
Ffmton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan.
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan. Kel-
logg, Logan, Morrill ot Maine, Morriil of Vermont,
Morton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Rainsoy, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Schurz, Spencer, Sumner. Trumbull, West,
Wilson. Windom, and Wright—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Buckingham,
Cassarly, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds,
Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, Lewis, Osborn, Pratt,
Sprague, and Stewart—14.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed
to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend the section
on which the vote was just taken, in the third
line of the fourth page, by striking out. the
word "person," and inserting in place thereof
the word " citizen so as to read : " or mak-
ing any discrimination against any citizen on
account of color by the use of the word
'white;' " and I hope that it will be sustained
by the Senate, as this matter is not properly
within the scope of the original proposition.
The VICE PRESIDEN 1'. That part of
the section to which the Senator refers has
been stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it is rathertoo
late now to move the amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. What the Sen-
ator now alludes to has been inserted, and
the words inserted by vote cannot be stricken
out except by including with them in the mo-
tion other words.
Mr. COLE. I had not before me at the
time the section as it has been amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is not the word "per-
son " in the section ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. The only way to reach
it is by a proviso.
Mr. COLE. Is the bill in committee or in
the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in the Sen-
ate, and haa been for some time, where there is
no review afterward of amendments acted on.
Mr. SHERMAN- It can be done by a
motion to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I moveto strike
out on the eleventh and twelfth lines of the
first section the words "of church organiza-
tions," and in the fourteenth line the word
"churches." I have already given my rea-
sons why I think this amendment should be
made. I do not understand that it is now
within the power of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to accept the amendment, the yeas
and nays having been ordered on his proposi-
tion ; and therefore I make no application to
him. My reasons, Mr. President, briefly are
that I see no necessity for any such provision.
I listened attentively to the testimony adduced
by the Senator from Massachusetts, and there
is no complaint in reference to the privileges
of churches not being extended to everybody.
I look upon it as an infringement of the Con-
stitution and as dangerous to commence legis-
lation on that subject. These are my reasons
for making the motion to strike out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
New Jersey moves to amend the amendment
by striking out from the first section the words
"church organization," in the eleventh and
twelfth lines, and the word "churches" in the
fourteenth line.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am
opposed to all these amendments, and am in
favor of an amnesty bill, and I have regretted
very much the efforts which have been made
that only lead to embarrassment in the passage
of such a bill. I intend to vote against all
amendments that are offered to the bill. Now
an attempt is made by the Senator from New
Jersey to strike out of the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts what he says is
unconstitutional. I think some other parts
of the amendment, when these words are
stricken ont, will be just as unconstitutional
as this feature is; and therefore I am not for
aiding the Senator from New Jersey in his
motion to strike out these particular words for
the purpose of securing his vote to the ori-
ginal amendment. I hope the entire amend-
ment will be voted down; and when I vote
against these different amendments, as I intend
to do, I vote without reference to the particu-
lar merits of the amendment which is offered,
but for the purpose of defeating all amend-
ments. I would make this amendment just
as obnoxious as I could, because I think it is
offered here, or the effect of its being offered
here is, to defeat amnesty, and we have been
discussing this amendment for weeks, instead
of the bill which came from the House of Repre-
sentatives. We have had bill after bill lrom
the House of Representatives; they have re-
mained on our table for months. I ihink this
bill that we are notv considering came to us
nine months ago. We could not consider it
at the last session of Congress, and now when
we take time to consider it, efforts are made
to put upon it first one amendment and then
another; and I have made up mv mind, for
one,_ without respect to the merits of any
particular amendment, to vote against all
amendments. I merely wish to say this that
my reasons for voting "no" upon particular
amendments may be understood. Ivote "no"
without regard to the merits of the particular
amendment which is offered, as I am against
them all.
ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from New Jersey to the amendment of the
Senator lrom Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I do not
desire to protract debate on this question. I
have already expressed myself fully upon it.
To my mind, it is important to the unity of
this measure that the prohibition should be
applicable to churches as to schools and insti-
tutions of benevolence. I do not feel the ar-
gument of my friend from New Jersey, which
he presented so persuasively the other day.
lo my mind this is simply a proposition to
apply to an incorporated association the great
principles ot our Government, and it does not
in any respect inteifere with religion, or tend
in the least in that way. So it seems to me ;
and having that conviction, 1 cannot myself
by any act of mine allow that part to be sacri-
ficed; but it is all in the hands of the Senate.
I hey will do as they think best by their votes,
and 1 shall submit; but 1 think, sir, that our
votes ought to be recorded, and I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IHURMAN. Mr. President, I quite
agree with the_Senator from .New Jersey that
the provision in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts which he moves to
strike out is unconstitutional. I entertain no
seuous doubt upon that subject. If that were
the only unconstitutional provision in it, and
