4480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
revenue stamps, as well as the books, papers, and
assessment lists belonging to said office, were lost or
destroyed: Therefore,
Be it enacted, &c.. That the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue and the accounting officers of the
Treasury Department be, and they are hereby, au-
thorized an l directed, upon receiving from said col-
lector satisfactory proof, by affidavits or otherwise,
of the amount in value of the stamps so destroyed,
to credit, or cause to be credited, on said collector's
account, not exceeding the sum ot $83,691 93, or so
much thereofasshall have been satisfactorily proven
to have been lost and destroyed as aforesaid: and
the said Commissioner and the accounting officers
of the Treasury Department are also'hereby author-
ized and directed, on being satisfied that the said
collector has paid into the Treasury all moneys by
him collected on the assessment lists prior to the
September lists, 1871, to credit, or to cause him, the
said collector, to be credited with the amounts un-
collected on such lists destroyed as aforesaid? or if,
in thejudgmentof the said Commissioner, he consid-
ers it best, he may on proot satisfactory to him abate
tho said taxes uncollected on said lists in such man-
ner sind as may be consistent with the rules of equity
and justice: Provided, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to bar the right of the
United States to collect any of the taxes aforesaid.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It wa< ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read athird time. The
biil was read the third time, and passed.
port of d&l.ivkky at la cltossk.
Mr. SPENCER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Arkan-
sas bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. OSBORN. Let us dispose of" that
now.
Mr. SPENCER. I appeal to the Senator
from Arkansas to yield for one moment only.
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir; I cannot yield.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask to make a report
from a'committee and have it acted upon at
this time. There is no objection to it, I believe,
and it will ,iot take a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It. requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. SPENCER. I am instructed by the
Committee 011 Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H li. No. 862) to ceate a port
of delivery at La Crosse, in Wisconsin, and
to provide for a surveyor of customs thereat,
to report it back without amendment, and to
ask lor its immediate consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to proceeding with the consideration
of tlie bill? None being made, the bill is be-
fore ihe Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
It proproses to constitute La Crosse, in the
county of La Crosse, and Stale of Wisconsin,
a port of delivery withui the collection district,
of New Orleans; and directs the appointment
of a surveyor of customs for the port, who is
to perform the duties of that office and receive
a compensation of not exceeding $1,200 per
annum as salary.
Mr. FENTON. Let me inquire is this a
bill to make La Crosse, Wisconsin, a depend-
ency and subject to the control of the port of
New Orleans?
Mr. SPENCER. No, itisnot. The entire
Mississippi river and all its tributaries are now
embraced in the collection district of New
Orleans. This makes a port of delivery only
at La Crosse. There is one at St. Paul
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what commit'ee this comes from?
Mr. SPENCER. It is a unanimous report
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have only to say that
throughout the western country there are ports
of delivery at various places. I think we
have half a dozen in my State ; one at Alton,
one at Quincy, one at Peoria, and now here is
another. I know of no earthly use for most
of them, except to furnish a place for some-
body to hold and receive a salary. I do not
believe there is any sort of occasion for a port
of delivery at La Crosse, Wisconsin, and a
surveyor ol customs with a salary of $1,200.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill is
being proceeded with by unauimous consent.
Is there objection ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will object.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will allow an explanation of it.
Mr. SCOTT. I shall object to any other
business than the disposition of the bill moved
by the Senator from Arkansas. I hope we
shall proceed and dispose of that, and then I
shall ask the Senate to dispose of the motion
which I have made to take up the Ohio river
bridge bill.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask leave to withdraw
my report., and I will make it at another time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there
be no objection the report will be withdrawn.
Mr. WILSON. Ihave a little bill of a local
nature, only five Hues, which I should like to
have passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen
ator from Pennsylvania objects.
Mr. FENTON. 1 suggest that we proceed
to the consideration of the business now before
the Senate, the regular order.
arkansas college scrip.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2109) to authorize the issuance of college
scrip to the State of Arkansas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] to lay this bill upon
the table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Buckingham, Cam-
eron. Ciisserly, Cor.bett, Cragtn, Fenton, Frelinghuy-
sen. Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Kelly? Morrill of
Vermont, Pomeroy, Kice, Scott, Trumbull, and
Vicke-s—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton. Ferry of Mieh-
man, Flanagan, Hill, Howe, Logan, Morton, Osborn,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer,
Sprague. Stewart,, ;nid.Windom—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Cole, Conk-
ling, Cooper, Davis ot Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Edmunds, Ferry ot Connecticut, Gilbert,
Goldthwuite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin. Hitch-
cock, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Norwood,Nye,Patterson, Kan^om, Robertson,Sauls-
bury, Schufz, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, '1'ipton, West, Wilson, and Wright—32.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will offer
an amendment which I think the Senator from
Arkansas will accept. I do not think we ought
to require of Arkansas more than she can
possibly perform, and if the State is willing to
refund the bonds that are now held by the
United States as trust, funds, and do what, she
can, paying the interest annually, I think the
United States ought to be satisfied with that,
and allow her to have this college scrip.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment is the amendment moved by
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Rice.]
Mr. RICE. The amendment,of the Senator
from Vermont is to the original bill, and that
can be acted on first.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is to be
added upon the body of the bill. Ifthisamend-
ment be made, I shall vote in favor of the
bill. It is to insert at the end of the bill the
following:
l'rovided, That no scrip as aforesaid shall be de-
livered to the authorities of the State of Arkansas
until the said State shall have made some satisfac-
tory arrangement by which the bonds of said State
now held by the United States as Indian trust, funds
shall be funded in new bonds authorized to be issued
by said State lor this purpose.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to state that early
in the session I introduced a bill embodying
that very provision.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then you
have no objection to this.
Mr. CLAYTON. We are ready to do that.
The State is now ready to refund these bonds.
Mr. ALCORN. 1 desire in a word to pre-
sent the case as it stands here before the Sen-
ate. Arkansas is iu default to the Government
of the United States for some trust funds,
Indian bonds.
Mr. OSBOBN. Interest.
Mr. ALCORN. Interest I mean—an old
debt that accrued against the State of Arkansas.
The Government of the United States, subse-
quent to that time, passed a law donating to
the several States, in trust for the benefit of the
children of the Stares, college land scrip and
proposing to deliver this scrip to the States in
trust. Where now is the principle that any
lawyer will pretend could exist that Atkansas
as trustee can be held in abeyance because
of the fact that Arkansas in her own person
is in default to the Government of the United
States for interest upon some fund heretofore
held by her?
Mr. HARLAN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to answer him?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire if the hon-
orable Senators would put their funds in tho
hands of a trustee that was already a defaulter?
That is a very good reason for not appointing
the same party a trustee for other funds, who
has proved to be a defaulter of funds hereto-
fore placed in his possession.
Mr. ALCORN. I will reply to that by
stating the case. If you find in this a suffi-
cient reason why Arkansas shall not be con-
fided with this trust, say so by the law.
Mr. HARLAN. That is what this amend-
ment proposes to say, that Arkansas shall not
be appointed trustee of the college scrip until
she accounts for the trust funds heretofore
placed in her hands.
Mr. ALCORN. I will ask the Senator, with-
out extending my remarks, suppose the Gov-
ernment of the United States should hold
bonds against the State of Iowa, a debt that
the Stategovernmenthad refused to pay, would
he hold that that wasa sufficient reason why the
Government of the United States should not
make that State a trustee for the benefit of the
children of the State iu the administration of
the college fund ?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know that it, is
necessary to go into an elaborate discussion of
that question. I would observe to the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi that the Senators
from the State of Arkansas, I believe, make
no objection to this amendment.
Mr. ALCORN. If the Senators from Ark-
ansas accept it, I certainly have no objection
to it.
Mr. CLAYTON. We accept it for the rea-
son that we have already made provision for
the funding of all those bonds by law. The
very moment the Secretary of the Interior
comes forward and proposes to have these
bonds funded, the State authorities will do it.
Mr. ALCORN. Then I have not auother
word to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Rice.]
Mr. RICE. 1 wish to state in regard to the
amendment I oTered, that there are a great
-many homesteal settlers in the State of Ark
ansas, as well as other southern States, who
need the benefit of that amendment now.
They are making improvements, or they desire
to make improvements, and they make them
with great uncertainty. They do not know
what day the Secretary of the Interior will
cancel their homestead entries, and they wish
now, and have been urging it all winter, and
not only this winter but last winter, to have
their rights in that respect settled, either to
know that they have rights under their entries
or that they have not, so that they may dis-
continue their improvements and make them
elsewhere. I think it very important to the
settlers throughout, the entire South that they
should have their rights in this respect settled,
and settled at once. 'The House have passed
this bill, and members of the House have
been urging me to have it passed iu the
