1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4483
considered in committee—although it is im-
proper for me to say what did take place, I
Lave a right to say what did not take place—
no suggestion of such an amendment was
made, and I am as much surprised to find it
here as I should be to find any other amend-
ment foreign to the bill. Under these circum-
stances I hope the amendment will be dis-
agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I remember such an
amendment being put in the bill; I remember
reading it ; but I did not think at the time it
was anything extraordinary. I do not know
frotn what source it came, unless it was recom-
mended by the Secretary of War with the other
recommendations, or the Secretary of the
Treasury, possibly.
Mr. CONKLING. Did the Senator ever
hear of it at the time the committee considered
and voted on the bill?
Mr. CORBETT. I think I did. I think I
remember this provision being made at the
time, but 1 do not remember from what source
it came. I simply wish to acquit the com-
mittee of doing anything wrong. I think the
amendment was offered in committee and
adopted ; but from what source it came, I
could not say. I have no feeling about it
myself.
Mr. CONKLING. I can only say that I
was present in committee when this bill was
considered ; I had a part in preparing amend-
ments by the direction of the committee, which
grew out of some questions of law as well as
other mattei s ; and I never heard of this amend-
ment until I heard it read now from the desk.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am informed by the
clerk of the committee that that clause has
been put in every bridge bill that passed the
Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly, it will be found
in almost every bridge bill that has passed this
winter.
Mr. CONKLING. That is another thing.
Do not let us have any misunderstanding
about this. This is a general bill, not relating
to any particular bridges, but relating to all
manner of bridges on the stream which it
covers, and this amendment, if it was not
reported by the Committee on Commerce and
considered in that committee, should not be
here under the name of a committee amend-
ment. I repeat again, and I ask any member
of the committee to differ with me if there is
one here that does, in recollection, that when
this bill was voted upon and prepared in com-
mittee no suggestion in my hearing of any
amendment on this subject was made.
Mr. RAMSEY. What possible objection
can there be to the amendment?
Mr. CONKLING. That is another ques-
tion. There is a good deal of objection to it;
but the first thing is the objection to the Com-
mittee on Commerce being met here face to
face by an amendment as reported by them,
when in truth they reported and considered
the bill very carefully without considering any
such amendment at all. That is the first
objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me, I am informed by the clerk that it
was adopted by the committee, and the Sena-
tor was not present when it was considered. I
had no recollcction of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me this whole
difficulty can be obviated by a few words, by
simply saying, " if by general act hereafter
passed a postal telegraph system should be
established."
ilr. CONKLING. What is the need of
putting it in at all?
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply to reserve the
right. . ,
Mr. CONKLING. We do reserve the right
in the latter part of the bill to repeal, amend,
or alter it. Therefore you reserve the whole
right.
Now, Mr. President, since I hear from the
chairman, and I am very glad to hear that
this was adopted in committee when I was not
present, I am more surprised at this amend-
mentbeing here for a reason which I will state:
I was in the committee when the final vote
was taken on the bill, and the chairman will
remember that by his direction I prepared
some amendments myself which were read in
committee and approved, and the committee
voted upon the bill, and I affirm that up to
that time no such amendment as this was
suggested, and if it was suggested it was done
afterward.
Mr. RAMSEY. We give the power to the
Government to pass the mails over these
bridges; and if she at any time takes charge of
the telegraph, why should she not have the right
to run the wires over these bridges?
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say, in reply
to my friend from Minnesota, that it is a great
matter ; it is giving a sort of approbation in
advance. I know the opinion of the Senator
about buying all the telegraphs in the country
and taking them for the use of the Govern-
ment; but I do not want to do that.
Mr. RAMSKY. It would be a very wise
thing if the Government did it. It would
be in accordance with the sentiment of the
country.
Mr. CAMERON. It may be wise or un-
wise, but I am not prepared now to tell the
speculators of the country that there is a prob-
ability of the Senate taking their property
from the telegraph companies. The best way is
to strike that out, and I move to strike it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I shall vote
against it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I shall vote for it.
The question being put, there were—ayes
gIqvsd*
Mr. RAMSEY. We had better have the
yeas and nays if Senators will not vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. This amendment is in
these words: " and the United States shall have
the right of way for postal telegraph purposes
across any such bridge." It is simply a reser-
vation of the right to use the bridge in view
of future possibilities ; that is all. It does
not commit the Government to the adoption
of the postal telegraph, but makes the reser-
vation in view of the possibility of the sub-
sequent establishment of a postal telegraph.
For my own part I do not care anything about
it one way or the other. It is harmless.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the United
States shall ever adopt this system of owning
all the telegraphs of the country—and I am
not prepared to give any opinion on that sub-
ject at present—they would have the same
power to take the right over these bridges that
they would have over any others ; and surely
it cannot be important to reserve the right
over a single bridge when we have to acquire
the right over all the bridges of the country.
Now, if this is offered for any other purpose
than for the initial step, I cannot conceive
what it is here for. It cannot be necessary at
all, because the right over all the other bridges
will have to be acquired provided we adopt
this system of owning all the telegraph lines
of the country. Therefore I should hope here,
without a discussion of so large _ a question
as that, we would not begin by this entering-
wedge on this bill
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ver-
mont and the Senator from Pennsylvania have
stated so well the truth about this that I hes-
itate to detain the Senate for a single moment,
and yet I want to add a word. The Senator
from Indiana tells us that the effect of this is
simply to reserve to the Government the right
hereatterto do so and so. That Senator knows
thatthe Government have that right without
any such reservation; but it so happens that
apart entirely from this amendment the express
right is reserved to alter, change, or amend
this act. Therefore, do not let this amend
ment go in under any such pretense as that,
and Senators deceive themselves if they adopt
it. That reservation at large is in the Consti-
tution, in the first place, and in the next place
it is written on the face of this act.
Now, what is the purpose of this? What is
the reason that the honorable Senator from
Minnesota insists upon it? We know how
active he has been in bringing forward the
postal telegraph scheme. He understands as
well as I do that this is to get a lodgment, to get
a foothold, to enable men to say when we come
to discuss that measure, '' Why, you are com-
mitted to it virtually already; you have put in
such a bill and such a bill what clearly implies
that at some time the Government might do
just what we want it to do." That is the
meaning of it. If it was merely a reservation,
that being in already, we all know that the
Senator from Minnesota would not divide the
Senate and demand the yeas and nays, and
detain the Senate here in the dying hours of
the session.
Whenever the Senator from Minnesota or
any other member of the Senate wishes to
bring up the largequestion known as the postal
telegraph scheme in any of its phases, it will
be the duty of other Senators to listen to that,
and to give it the consideration which its
gravity demands. But 1 submit that it is
vicious legislation upon another subject, upon
a bill which is pressed upon us for its ur-
gency, which requires action to-day, to spring
such a subject as that, even if the amendment
were regularly before the Senate, with a view
to commit anybody in advance with regard to
it. I say, Mr. President, that there is no mine
propriety in attempting upon this bill to commit
Congress to the project of absorbing the tele-
graph property of the country than there is
in an amendment committing Congress to a
measure to absorb the express business of the
country, or the steamboat businesss of the
country, or the railroad business of the coun-
try, or any other great business which is carried
on by individuals and by aggregated capital
with which the Government has nothing to do.
But 1 do not want to be drawn at this time,
unless it is necessary, into a discussion of the
postal telegraph question. Suffice it to say
that it has nothiug to do with this bill. The
bill will leave the Government fully armed
with the power to-morrow or next day, or at
any time, to impose upon these bridges—if im-
position it be—submission to the right of way
to erect a postal telegraph apparatus. That I
do not object to ; that the bill gives; but 1 do
object to being tripped here at the last momeut
of the session unexpectedly into a concurrence
in an amendment which is to come back to
plague us with the committal that we have
made.
Mr. MORTON The argument of the Sen-
ator from New York, if it proves anything,
proves that this is simply harmless and not
worth fighting. That is the most that can be
made of it. He says that the Government
would have the right now under a subsequent
provision of this bill to use a bridge if it should
subsequently adopt the postal telegraph sys-
tem. Undoubtedly it would, but if it reserved
the right in advance when it chartered the bridge
it would not have to pay for it; if it should do
it subsequently, it would be a case of private
property taken for public use, and it would
have to pay for it. That would be the only
difference. I do not care anything about this,
but I will simply remark that that man who
does not believe and does not see that the
time will come when the telegraph will com
pose apart of the postal system of the United
States, as it already does of the most intelli-
gent and advanced countries in Europe, it
seems to me must be bliud indeed.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then does nntthe Senator
from New York know that in 1867 Congress
passed an act empowering the Government
when it should see fit to buy out ail the
telegraph companies of the country. Ihere is
