1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4485
the words "in or opposite to?" The design,
it is perfectly palpable, was to say that the
court in either State opposite to which the
obstruction existed or which was touched by
a bridge should have jurisdiction. That is as
the Senator understands, and no doubt that is
what was intended; but that, I submit to the
Senate, is not what this says, first, because it
does not say anything distinctly in appropriate
language, and second, because the inference
to be derived from it may be very different
from that. But all I intended to do was to
inform the Senator that that was changed in
the committee, it was so reported, and it is
some error either in the print or in the copy
of the bill which has been transmitted to him.
This is the second amendment of which this is
true.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not know where these
amendments came from. I take the bill as I find
it on the files of the Senate. Is it the words
"or opposite to" which have crept in as the
Senator states?
Mr. CONKLING. No; the words''or op-
posite to" are part of the amendment adopted
by the committee.
Mr. SCOTT. What is it, then, that was not
adopted by the committee?
Mr. CONKLING. The words that stand
here were stricken out and appropriate words
put in by the committee to expressthe idea,
and the same words have been put into other
bills. These words as theystand, without "or
opposite to," were found originally in a com-
munication from the Department which it
was supposed were miscopied, and they were
carried in by mistake, and therefore, after be-
ing fully considered in committee, the commit-
tee reported an amendment putting appropri-
ate words in their place to carry out this idea,
as the committee supposed, and those words
will be found in those bills which were reported
since this bill was reported, and the amend-
ments to which were copied from that reported-
in this bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to act on this matter
with all the light the Committee on Commerce
can give us upon it, and I have sent for one of
the bills I presume the Senator refers to, the
Evansville bridge bill, for the purpose of
ascertaining, it I can, what that language is.
I do not understand from the remarks of the
Senator from New York what the objection is.
Mr. MORTON. Does the Senator from
Pennsylvania perceive any obscurity in the
section as reported ?
Mr. SCOTT. 1 do not.
Mr. MORTON. I do not. The language
is good.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was to add to section seven the
following words:
And if any change be made in the plan of con-
struction of any bridge constructed under this act,
during the progress of the work thereon or before
the completion of such bridge, such change shall be
subject to the approval of tho Seoretary of War;
and any change in the construction, or any altera-
tion of anv such bridge that fflay be directed at any
time by Congress, shall be made at the cost ana
expense of the owners thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
eighth section of the bill in the following
words:
That joint resolution No. 10, approved April 7,
1869, authorizing the construction ot a bridge over
the Ohio river, at Paducah, be, and the same is
hereby repealed.
■ The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN. I offer the following
amendment: _
In section two, line eleven, after the words high
suan" insert "in bridges above the mouth of the
Big Sandy shall give a clear opening ot at least
three hundred and fifty feet, and m bridges below
the mo u th of the Big Sandy;" so as to read:
That every bridge horeafter erected across the
Ohio river below the mouth of the Big bandy shall
have at least ono span of a height of not less than
one hundred feet above low water, and of not less
than forty feet above highest water, measured to the
bottom chord of the bridge; that this high span
above the mouth of the Big Sandy shall give a clear
opening of at least three hundred and fifty feet, and
in bridges below the mouth of the Big Sandy shall
give a clear opening of at least four hundred feet
between the piers, measured at right angles to the
current at every stage.
This is a bill "to authorize the construction
of bridges across the Ohio river and prescribe
the dimensions of the same." It is not a
new subject before the Senate or before Con-
gress or before the courts. The Ohio river
is about a thousand miles long. Two hundred
and fifty miles of that river are within the
jurisdiction of West Virginia. The railroads
running from east to west, nearly all of them
I apprehend crossing the Ohio river, will cross
within the jurisdiction of West Virginia, and
therefore the people in that State who are to
be benefited by these lines of communication
crossing the Ohio are as much, if not more,
interested than the people of any other portion
of the country, and we claim that we have a
right to be heard here on a subject of this
character, which is one that affects our juris-
diction, our people, and our interests.
This controversy in regard to bridges on the
Ohio river is one that has continued now for
some twenty years. The first difficulty was
an injunction of the State of Pennsylvania
against the city of Wheeling, in my State, to
prevent the construction of a bridge some
twenty years since. That controversy resulted
in an act of Congress legalizing the bridge
and making it a post road. The controversy
continued, and in 1861, or about that time,
the city of Pittsburg and the Pennsylvania
railroad and some of the western railroads
desired to construct a railroad bridge across
the Ohio ki the extreme upper portion of my
State. That was resisted by some persons, I
do not now recollect whom, but in the midst
of the controversy application was made to
Congress to legalize that bridge, which was
then in process of construction, and to author-
ize the construction of other bridges across
the river, without limit as to place, anywhere
from the head to the month of the river. I
have before me now an act of Congress passed
July 14, 1862. legalizing that bridge for the
benefit of the Pennsylvania railroad and the
Ohio railroads and the West, and containing
general provisions authorizing bridges to be
constructed anywhere across the Ohio river
with a span not less than three hundred feet.
Under this law two bridges have already been
constructed within my own State, neither of
them with spans as long as the one which I
propose by the amendment now offered to this
bl'l" will not trouble the Senate with reading
the law to which I have referred, although
probably I ought to do so, to show the provis-
ions of a general character which it contained
which authorized the construction of bridges
with certain dimensions. As I stated, there
are in my State two bridges, m addition to the
Steubenville bridge, which was buut with a
three hundred feet span, the one to which 1
have referred, one five miles below the city oi
Wheeling, the other at the city m which I re-
side, and it will be seen from the report ot
the engineer in regard to bridges across the
Ohio river, that the bridge at Bel aire, five
miles below Wheeling, hasa span of three hun-
dred and twenty-two feet m the clear, ibat
is the longest span in that bridge. The re-
port says, speaking of that: Moreover, m
this bridge the law only requires a clear open-
ing of three hundred feet, while the company
has voluntarily given twenty-two feet more,
making three hundred and twenty-two feet, 1
propose, as you have seen, Mr. President,
three hundred and fifty feet. Now let us see
what this report says further m regard to the
Bellaire bridge :
" ?1nb0thids Srlu'&y0 foWled0 upon'o
Smmend both the excellent manner m which it is
constructed, and the liberality with which the com-
pany hassecured to navigators, at considerable extra
expense, more than they were required by law to
give.
" We have not been able to ascertain what will be
the cost of this bridge when finished, but it will
probably be the most expensive work of the kind on
the river. The money, however, will have been
wisely expended."
The next bridge upon the river of which I
have spoken is at Parkersburg, the city in
which I reside. This report shows that the
longest span in that bridge between the piers
is three hundred and twenty-six and a half
feet, twenty-three and a half feet short of what
I propose by my amendment. What do they
say in regard to this bridge? This board of
engineers say:
"The board have no changes to recommend in
this bridge, which, like the one at Bellaire, has
been admirably built, and with the most liberal
care for the interest of navigation. It is a possibil-
ity that in the future it will be found that tbemain
spans of these bridges are too narrow. Should that
prove to be the case, we think that any changes
that may subsequently become necessary should be
made at the national expense. The total cost of
this bridge, as reported by the chief engineer, James
L. Eandolph, has been $1,223,500."
Mr. STEWART. Is there any estimate of'
what a bridge will cost with all the conditions
in this bill? I suppose five or six millions.
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not know. I have
read what the bridge cost at Parkersburg,
which is $1,250,000 with a span of only three
hundred and twenty-six and a half feet.
Thus much in regard to the bridges which
are already constructed. My amendment, as
will be perceived, applies to the jurisdiction
of my own State. The Big Sandy, to which
reference is there made, is the lower line of
the State of West Virginia, dividing that State
from Kentucky. We have these two bridges
already constructed. The Chesapeake and Ohio
road, which is now approaching completion,
conies to the Ohio river some eight or ten
miles above the mouth of the Big Sandy, and
proposes to construct a bridge across the Ohio
river at that point. Now, this bill comes in
and proposes but one change in regard to the
dimensions of these bridges. The act of 1862
makes the same height of bridge as this bill
with a slight exception. To that we make no
objection. The height is to he forty feetabove
high water and one hundred feet above low
water. The law of 1862, however, as I have
remarked, authorized bridges of three hun-
dred feet span; but this bill now requires, not
only below the mouth of the Big Sandy, but
from Pittsburg to the mouth of the Ohio
river, that the spans shall be four hundred
feet I say that this is not necessary, and I
say that the facts stated by this report show
that it ought not to be done. The general
commerce of the river makes no such demand;
and I have no doubt that Senators here, and
others who have given this subject some slight
attention, have been impressed with the belief
that the commerce of the Ohio river was de-
manding this thing. I deny it. I state it here
as a fact, which is corroborated by this report
of the engineers, that there is but one interest
that demands this change, and that is the coal
interest. The ordinary steamboat navigation
is not affected. They make no complaint.
The transportation, by fiat-boats of produce,
lumber, and everything of that character,
makes no complaint. The whole complaint
is from one single interest; that is, the coal
trade, and here is what the report of the engin-
eers says on that subject:
" We have placed the widest opening in that part
of the river ordinarily used by coal fleets, for whose
accommodation these wide openings were designed.
Now, sir, here is my State with two hundred
and fifty miles of this river withm its juris-
diction, because West Virginia claims to low-
water mark on the western side of the river
under the deed of cession—a larger extent ot
territory than any other State above the mouth
of the Big Sandy. We make no interference
with the provisions of this bill, propose no
amendment to the bill in regard to that por-
