4486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10.
tion of the river below the mouth of the Big
Sandy. As I remarked, this is done at the
instance, as this report shows, of gentlemen
who are trading in coal from Pittsburg. They
take their coal in large fleets, a number of
barges as they call them, I believe, which are
propelled b> a small steamer, which operates
as a rudder, and by which they are enabled to
manage these coal fleets, and they say it is
dangerous to the navigation of their coal
fleets to put the piers of the bridges so near
together as they have been allowed by the law
as it exists now.
In regard to this coal trade I have a word
to say. My State is as largely interested in
the coal trade as tlrese coal dealers at the city
of Pittsburg and in that neighborhood. We
have in West Virginia coal fields amounting
to an area of fifteen thousand square miles, a
considerable portion of which is accessible now.
Large quantities of coal are being carried out
of the Big Kanawha, and they will have to pass
between the piers of the bridge if one is con-
structed where the Chesapeake and Ohio Rail-
road Company desire it shall be when they
are ready to build the bridge for their road.
These are the facts in regard to this matter,
and I submit to the Senate whether they will
impose upon the companies who are to con-
struct bridges across the Ohio river above
the mouth of the Big Sandy the necessity for
constructing the spans of the length required
by this bill. The cost iu each bridge, I appre-
hend, by the addition of fifty feet would not
be less than $75,000 to $100,000 in each case.
1 will state as a part of the facts iu this case
which have immediately induced me to make
the opposition I have made to this provision
in the bill, and to offer this amendment, th&t'
there is a bridge now in process of construc-
tion, or at all events the company has been
incorporated for the construction of a bridge
at the city of Wheeling to accommodate two
railroads which are about to be built from the
lakes through Ohio into thai city. That city
agreed, as 1 am informed, to subscribe the sum
of $300,000 for the construction of this bridge.
The bridge is proposed to be constructed at
the head of an island in the Ohio river just
opposite the cit.y of Wheeling, aud in that case
I feel assured.there will, be no obstruction to
navigation whatsoever. But I make my re-
sistance for the whole length of my State
because of the facts 1 have stated, that other
companies wish in the future to construct
bridges from the eastern to the western side
of this river for the accommodation of their
railways.
I submit this mere statement of facts, which
at this late hour of the session I do not pro-
pose to elaborate, to the judgment of the
Senate for the present.
Mr. SCOTT. I shall be as brief as possible
in what I shall say upon this subject, and I
ask the attention of the Senate to what is really
the only point involved by the amendment of
the Senator from West Virginia. The simple
question is whether a conflict between those
interested in the natural channel of navigation
and those interested in railway transportation
shall be settled in favor of the railroad trans-
portation. That conflict is simply a question
of expenses in constructing railroad bridges.
There is the natural channel of transportation,
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. I do not come
here in conflict with the railroad interests
which seek at various points on these rivers
to cross the channel; but I desire that a fair
adjustment of this conflict shall be made, so
that all railroads which desire to cross these
rivers may do so, but that they shall not do so
in such a manner as unnecessarily to conflict
with the river interests.
This conflict arose several years ago. The
Wheeling bridge, to which reference has been
made, was the first one that gave rise to difficul-
ties on the Ohio river; ar> d after that controversy
an act was passed in 1862 which authorized the
construction of bridges on the Ohio river above j
the mouth of the Big Sandy of three hundred
feet span. That was before the coal trade on
that river had assumed the importance that it
has since assumed, and it was supposed at that
time that a span of three hundred feet would
be sufficient to accommodate the river interest
and also permit railroad bridges to be built.
But from the time the bridge was built at
Steubenville this conflict had been every year
assuming larger dimensions.
In 1870, after a bill had been introduced into
Congress, and had been reported upon by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads to
regulate the dimensions of bridges upon the
Ohio river, a section was incorporated in an
appropriation bill which required the Secretary
of War to detail a board of engineers who should
examine all the bridges at that time built upon
the Ohio river and report upon the subject to
Congress. That board of engineers did make
the examination, and they reported upon each
one of the three bridges that were at that time
built across the river and also upon the New-
port and Cincinnati bridge, which was at that
time in process of construction, and which has
sincebeen adjusted after great controversy over
it, as all will remember. They report that the
Steubenville bridge is actually a great obstruc-
tion to navigation, and that alterations in it
are absolutely necessary in order to protect
the river interests. In reference to the bridge
at Bellaire, I will state that that bridge was
built while this contest was going on iu Con-
gress. The effort was at that time to secure
an act of Congress extending the spans of the
bridge to four hundred feet; butwhilethat con-
test was before the committees, the bridge at
Bellaire was being constructed, and the com-
pany built that bridge of three hundred feet
span. That bridge, built at that time, is still
a very great obstruction to navigation, as I
will show by the losses which have been in-
curred at each one of these bridges by the coal-
barges. The third bridge was the Parkers-
burg bridge ; and it is sufficient to show the
sincerity of the opposition which was made to
the narrow span, that I state here that the
proprietors of the coal-barges on the river,
those interested in the trade, in order to secure
an extension of even twenty-seven feet, which
is added to the span of that bridge, paid to the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company the
sum of $31,000 from their own pockets.
The Senator from West Virginia read an
extract from the report of the engineers,
showing that it is probable that further altera-
tions will be required in these bridges, and I
ask the attention of the Senate to the fact that
they state that if these alterations are here-
after to be made they ought to be made at the
expense of the Government. The Steubenville
bridge, the Bellaire bridge, and the Parkers-
burg bridge have all been built iu pursuance
of the existing law, and the engineers them-
selves recognize the propriety of the Govern-
ment being responsible for the alterations, if
alterations are hereafter to be made.
The coal-men paid $31,000 for the purpose
of securing the additional extension of some
twenty-seven feet to the span of the Parkers-
burg bridge. The railroad company acceded
to their wishes, and I believe, and I think it
is but justice to the company to state it, it cost
them more than thirty-one thousand dollars to
make that extension of the span, but it has
relieved very much the injury which the coal
trade would otherwise have suffered. No bet-
ter argument need be made here to satisfy the
Senate of the truth of the complaints which
are made than the fact that these men were
willing to pay that much money out of their
own pockets to secure twenty-seven feet addi-
tional span.
Here, then, are the three bridges that now
exist, the Steubenville bridge, the Bellaire
bridge, and the Parkersburg bridge, and after
an examination of all three of these bridges,
in pursuance of the act of 1870, the board of
engineers report that the interests of the
navigation of that river require that hereafter
there shall be a uniform span of four hundred
feet in the bridges hereafter to be built.
The Senator from West Virginia states that
there is but one interest that requires this, that
-it is the coal interest. If I were disposed to
take up the time of the Senate by going into
statistics on that subject, I should say that that
is a very large interest, not simply large to the
persons who are engaged in taking out coal
and who supply the markets of the lower Mis-
sissippi with coal, but a very large interest
to the people who consume the coal. Let me
state one fact. To transport coal from Pitts-
burg to Cincinnati by the river costs two and
a half cents per bushel. When it cannot be
taken by the river, but has to be taken by rail,
it costs fourteen cents per bushel. There is
the difference between river aud rail trans-
portation of the article of coal, and every
obstruction which is placed in that river just
adds the additional expense of insurance and
of delay to every bushel of coal that is con-
sumed on the lower Ohio and Mississippi.
I stated that I would not take up time in
giving statistics, but I have before me a state-
ment of the number of bushels that came down
the Monongahela in several years. In 1851
the trade was 12,500,000 bushels. In 1867 it
had run up to 30,072,000 bushels; in 1868 to
45,301,000 ; in 1869 to 52,512,000; and in 1870,
57,596,400 bushels of coal came down the Mo-
nongahela aud went down the Ohio river. I
have here a diagram which has been sent me of
one of these fleets of coal-barges, and it will
at once be apparent to any one who will con-
sider it that four hundred feet is the smallest
span that ought to be permitted in these bridges.
At the time three hundred feet was fixed in the
Steubenville bridge it was a question among
engineers whether a larger span than that
could be built with safety; but since that time
numerous bridges have been built with five
hundred feet span, and there is no difficulty
whatever in doing it.
Mr. STEWART. Where is there abridge
of five hundred feet span ?
Mr. SCOTT. There are several of them, I
can show the Senator in this report, that are
five hundred feet.
Mr. MORTON. It is five hundred and fif-
teen feet at St. Louis.
Mr. SCOTT. The names aud location of
the bridges are given in the report. The tes-
timony of Mr. Roebling, the most eminent
bridge engineer this country has ever pro-
duced, and the testimony of several engineers
in charge of the Ohio river improvements, all
show that there is no question of practicability
in it any longer. It is simply a question of
expense. But in reference to the span that
there ought to be for the bridges, I sliow to
the Senate this diagram [exhibiting a dia-
gram] of one of the largest fleets of coal-boats
that go down the river, towed by the largest
steamer on the river, the Ajax, and this is the
size of the fleets that are now very frequently
taken down the river. They are constantly
increasing in size. It measures two hundred
feet in width and eight hundred feet in length,
and when you take into consideration the fact
that the channel of the river vanes very much,
that sometimes at low water it is in one direc-
tion and that high water changes the current
to another, that when you enter one of these
spans of three hundred feet with a fleet in tow
of eight hundred feet long, you very frequently,
in consequence of the change in the current of
the river, run the hind end of the eight hundred
feet of the fleet against the pier of the bridge,
and by just such accidents as these, if any one
will turn to page 30 of the report of the engin-
eers, he will find that by collisions of this kind
at the Steubenville bridge there have been
boats and cargoes destroyed worth $61,000,
at the Bellaire bridge worth $60,500, and at
the Parkersburg bridge worth $45,900. In
addition to that the statement is made that—
" The tosses by collision with the piers of bridges
