4490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
river," and he did so, and he made that mighty
span, as it was then considered, of sixty or
sixty-five feet over the river. >
In 1851, when the Wheeling people bailt
their bridge with a two hundred feet span, I
believe it was, the whole country was aston-
ished that a bridge with a span of such great
length could stand. It was in the contest be-
tween the State of Pennsylvania and the own-
ers of that bridge that the great Stanton first
made a favorable impression upon public opin-
ion. It was in that great law case that he
won the first honors that led him to distinction
and fame. Since that time the science of bridge
building has been growing constantly until now
they are building a bridge across the Missis-
sippi river at St. Louis of five hundred and
fifteen feet span. Ten years ago the man who
would have pretended to believe that such a
thing could be done would have been called
a madman. Now there is no trouble about
it, and there is no more trouble in making the
span at the place designated for this bridge at
Wheeling, of four hundred feet, than there was
fifteen years ago of making one of two hundred
feet. The additional expense is trifling, and
the advantages to the public are incalculable.
The Senator from Indiana has told you about
those immense flotillas which pass down the
Ohio river carrying thousands of bushels of
coal at one time. I know not how many barges
filled with coal pass down that river ; but the
slightest obstruction there often wrecks the
whole of the flotilla. Everybody above Pitts-
burg is interested in the navigation of that
river, and to a great extent everybody below is
interested in it. Gentlemen here who have not
thought about it have no idea at all of the im-
mensity of those grand flotillas which follow a
single steamboat. The power of steam is
nowhere else so well exhibited, unless you see
a single locomotive on a railroad carrying one
hundred and fifty cars with seven hundred and
fifty tons of coal, which I have often seen. A
single boat carries a large number of these
barges behind it, and the destruction of a siu-
gle barge is generally the destruction of the
whole flotilla. That barge constitutes the for-
tune of everybody interested in it. During
the whole winter the people of West Virginia
and that portion of western Pennsylvania lying
alongside of West Virginia, occupy themselves
in getting out this coal and building these
barges, and the first flood of spring is taken
advantage of to send them down the river.
It is no injury to the railroad companies to
do this, for the more you increase this coal
business the more you increase the business
of the railroads. Ten years will not expire
from this time until that whole country, every
gorge in the mountains of West Virginia and
western Pennsylvania, will be filled with small
railroads carrying the products out to this
river, filling these barges, and sending them
down to the South and Southwest.
A Senator said to-day that the gas coal used
in Omaha away up on the Missouri river comes
from the State of Pennsylvania. It comes
from the Yougbiogheny river, which is partly
in West Virginia and partly in Pennsylvania.
We are all interested in that trade. It is
much more grand, much more immense, and
much more profitable to the country than any
of us have any idea of. I trust we shall make
thefe bridges of the largest span which science
shall say is safe for crossing.
Mr. THURMAN. In order that we may
accede to the request of the House of Repre-
sentatives for another committee of confer-
ence on the appropriation bill, I move to lay
the pending bill on the table.
Mr. MORTON. Will not the Senator with-
draw that for a moment to enable me to make
a statement?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. There are three bridge
companies in Indiana awaiting the passage of
this bill to begin their operations. If this bill
shall not pass, they will be thrown back another
year. There are two or three in Illinois and
Kentucky also in the same condition. It is
therefore a matter of importance that this bill
shall be allowed to pass, and I hope no ob-
struction will be thrown in the way. Let us
have a vote on the amendment offered by the
Senator from West Virginia. If it be adopted,
be it so. I hope it will not be ; it ought not to
be; but let us have a vote upon it, and pass
the bill in some form. There is too much im-
portance involved in this bill now to have it
trifled with, and I beg of Senators not upon
some trivial consideration to throw this bill
over.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not want to kill the
bill, aud if it can be voted upon without fur-
ther debate I would not make the request after
having spoken upon it; but if it can be, I am
perfectly willing that the vote shall be taken
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia.
Mr. BOREMAN. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. From what I gather on
my right the whole of this day will be spoken
out on this bill, and I feel bound to renew my
motion to lay the bill on the table, in order
that I may move to accede to the request
of the House of Representatives for another
conference committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish the Senator would
allow me to make a suggestion and ask a
question. In the first place, the Senator from
California, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, [Mr. Cole,] and the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] are temporarily
absent from the Chamber.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The Sen-
ator from California is here.
Mr. CONKLING. I spoke particularly of
the Senator from Vermont who left the Cham-
ber a moment or two ago, and who is coming
back immediately, and who, I know, does not
want any action taken in his absence. [At
this point Mr. Edmonds entered the Chamber. ]
Here he is now. I think, as I bave the floor, I
will tell the Senator from Vermont what is
pending before the Senate. The Senator from
Ohio has moved to lay on the table the pend-
ing bill in order to take np some report of the
committee of conference to which the Senator
from Vermont belongs, and I was asking of
him to delay it until the Senator came in.
Mr. THURMAN. It is the same motion
that I intimated before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that this bill lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. THURMAN. I now move that the
Senate accede to the request of the House of
Representatives for another conference on the
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps we had better
wait until we have a report from the House as
to what they have done. Let that be read to
begin with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will lay before the Senate a message from the
House of Representatives.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Unsolved, That the House further insist on their
non-concurrence in the amendments ot the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 2705) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes,
and ask a further conference with the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, Mr. PtLMER,
and Mr. Niblack be the managers at said further
conference on the part of the House.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, my motion is that
the Senate accede to that request, and appoint
another committee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask whether the
conferees on the part of the House are not
the same gentlemen as before ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, instead of that,
I move that the matter be recommitted to the
same committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands there is a further communication
from the House of Representatives, which
accompanied the resolution, and that will be
read for the information of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment* of the
Senate to the bill (II. E. No. 2705) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30,1873, and for other pur-
poses, having met, after full and free conference
have been unable to agree.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe my motion
was the first one made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from Ohio state his motion ?
Mr. THURMAN. It is that the Senate
accede to the request of the House of Repre-
sentatives for another committee of conference
on this bill. If that is not precisely in form,
I will make it so if any gentleman versed in
the rules will tell me what it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose it will be just
possible for the Senator to give up the floor
and leave his motion open to consideration
before he has the vote put on it.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much obliged
to the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the Senate insist
on its amendments, and accede to the confer-
ence asked for by the House. The Senator
from Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much obliged
to the Senator from Ohio for showing the first
disposition that he and his friends have to
come to a harmonious understanding with the
House about this business, which seems by some
inscrutable method of Providence to be kept
out of getting a direct vote in either House
about it, and we would seem in some way, for
the public good no doubt, to be playing at a
game of who can put off saying yes or no, like
two lovers about fifty, whose enthusiasm is not
great in arranging a matter of courtship and
marriage. [Laughter.]
The majority of the conferees on the part
of the Senate had made up their minds, inas-
much as it seemed to be impossible so far to
get the House of Representatives to vote upon
the amendments proposed by the Senate iu
any form except evasively, to submit a propo-
sition, in lieu of agreeing to a conference, that
we would insist or adhere in respect to the
amendments that we had proposed with cer-
tain modifications which, so far as the mere
routine and detail of the amendments go,
have been thought w be satisfactory to the
conferees of both parties ; but from recent in-
formation I have changed my opinion, and I
believe my honorable colleague from Califor-
nia has, and think it is better to take one more
step in the line of contriving " how not to do
it" and agree to this conference of the House,
and try it once more, and see if it is possible
to get a report that each House is willing to
come to a direct vote upon. Therefore, sir,
it gives me immeasurable pleasure for once
to follow the motion of the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, and second his effort that the
Senate do agree to the proposition of the
House to this conference, and that the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate be appointed.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, ever since
I had the good fortune to become acquainted
with the Senator from Vermont I have formed
the opinion that he was an improving man,
[laughter;] that experience will be of great
service to him; and by the time he gets to be
as old as I am I think he will be a good deal
wiser than I am now, although I am not as
