4492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add at the end of the bill the following :
That the provisions of an act entitled "An act to
provide tor the better security of life on vessels
propelled in whole or in frart by steam," &c., ap-
proved February1 1871, so far as'thcy relate to the
limitation of steam pressure of steamboats used
exclusively for to wins' and carrying freight on the
Mississippi river and its tributaries, are hereby so
far modified as to substitute for such, boats one hun-
dred and fifty-pounds of steam pressure in place of
one hundred and ten pounds, as provided in said
act for the standard pressure upon standard boilers
of forty-two inches diameter, and of plates of one
quarter of an inch in thickness: and such boats
may, on the written permit of the supervising in-
spector of the district in which such boats shall
carry on their business, for a period of twelve months
from and after the passage of this "act, be permitted
to carry steam above the standard pressure of one
hundred and ten pounds, hut not exceeding the
standard pressure of one hundred and fifty pounds
to the square inch.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A part of
the amendment of the Senator from West
Virginia [Mr. Boreman} in regard to the pub-
lication in newspapers was not reported to the
Senate.
The Chief Clerk. In section four, line
seven, after the words "New Orleans" it is
Eroposed to insert the words " for bridges
elow the month of the Big Sandy."
Mr. BOREMAN. That is part of the same
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish a separate vote
on the amendment of the Senator from West
Virginia. I desire to offer a substitute for it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole, with that
reservation.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the reserved amendment
offered by the Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer as a substitute for
the amendment offered by the Senator from
West Virginia what I send to the Chair:
Provided, however. That the Wheeling and Ohio
Union Kailroad Company,' first having lawful au-
thority therefor from the States of West Virginia
and Ohio, are hereby authorized to construct abridge
across tho Ohio river from the city of Wheeling, in
the State of West Virginia, to the opposite side of
said river in the State of Ohio, with a span over the
main channel of not less than three hundred and
fifty feet in length, and in all other respects con-
formable and subject to the provisons of this act so
far as the same are applicable to bridges above the
mouth of the Big Sandy.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not understand why
my colleague offers that as a substitute when
this bill provides that "any persons or cor-
porations, having lawful authority therefor,
may hereafter erect bridges," &e.
Mr. SHERMAN. This provides for a bridge
at Wheeling. This bill is a general proposi-
tion now, that allows all bridges for five hun-
dred miles from Pittsburg to the mouth of the
Big Sandy. This amendment makes it a law
with the exception of this one bridge.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio as a substitute for the amend-
ment adopted in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. Now I wish a separate vote
on the' substitute to test the sense of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. SCOTT. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered-
Mr. STEWART. I should like to know
why this particular company is to be favored
rather than any other ?
Mr. MORTON. Tha,t is what the other
amendment means, precisely.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that this
amendment is to provide for a bridge at
Wheeling. I do not care whether the name
of the company is inserted or not. I propose
that the bridge may be built at Wheeling, and
I do not care anything about any company. I
offer it in deference to the judgment of the
Senator from West Virginia, who has said,
and said very properly, that as Wheeling is
the largest town from Pittsburg down, and
four narrow"-span bridges cross the Ohio river
between the mouth of the Big Sandy and
Pittsburg, it is but right and fair and just
that Wheeling should have the same privi-
lege. Although the interests of my constit-
uents are against this amendment, I shall
vote for it as a matter of equity and justice
to the people of Wheeling. As to the name
of the company, I am perfectly willing that
it shall be stricken out.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest to my col-
league to say "any company lawfully author-
ized. ''
Mr. BOREMAN. I have no objection to
that alteration. The name there is the name
of a corporate institution in my State.
Mr. MORTON. The argunjent is that be-
cause Bellaire and Parkersburg have bridges
of narrow spans, and which are obstructions
'to the navigation of the river, therefore Wheel-
ing should be allowed to have one. It is not
for the benefit of Wheeling; it is an absolute
injury to Wheeling to have a narrow-span
bridge. It is simply for the benefit of a rail-
road company, to allow them to build a cheap
bridge; that is the whole of it. It is not for
Wheeling; it is for a railroad company.
Mr. BOREMAN. I will state one fact that
will answer the speech of the Senator from
Indiana. The city of Wheeling has subscribed
$300,000 to build this bridge. That, it seems
to me, is a sufficient answer to the statement
that the bridge is not in the interest of the city
of Wheeling. That is a fact within my own
knowledge.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read as now modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, however, That any company lawfully
authorized by tho States of West Virginia and Ohio
are hereby authorized to construct a bridge across
the Ohio river from the city of Wheeling, in the
State of West Virginia, to the opposite side of said
river within the State of Ohio, with a span over tho
main channel of not less than three hundred and
fifty feet in length, and in all other respects con-
formable, and subject to the provisions of this act
so far as the same are applicable to bridges above
the mouth of the Big Sandy.
Mr. SCOTT. Let me suggest one verbal
amendment. The language " any company
lawfully authorized" may build a bridge
would authorize any number of companies to
build bridges.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the word "one" be
inserted after the word "any."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment will be made if there be no objec-
tion. The question recurs on the adoption
of the amendment, as amended, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. BOREMAN. I will make one remark.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remind Senators that the agreement was
that the vote should be taken without debate.
Mr. BOREMAN. No, sir; not upon this
amendment. I do not know whether the pres-
ent occupant was in the Chair or not when the
Senator from Ohio made the proposition to
cut off debate, and I remarked that I had one
amendment to offer subsequently, upon which
I could not allow that rule to be applied. I
do not propose, however, to take any time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not understand the Senator from West Vir-
ginia. If that was his statement, he will be
allowed to proceed.
Mr. BOREMAN. I merely state the fact.
In deference to the Senator from Ohio and
others, it may have been seen that I made no
opposition to the substitution of this amend-
ment for the one which was agreed to in the
Committee of the Whole. I wish to state in
addition thsit there are two bridges below the
city of Wheeling now of less span than the
one I ask should be constructed under this
law. The Senators from Ohio, who are as
much interested as anybody else, make no
opposition to this amendment, and I trust there
will be no difficulty about it. This bridge is
to be constructed on an island opposite Wheel-
ing where it cannot affect prejudicially the
navigation of the river. But I do not wish to
discuss it.
Mr. PRATT. In answer to the suggestion
made by my colleague that this amendment is
in the interest of a railroad company, I beg to
say that I hold in my hand a letter from a
native of the city of Wheeling, a gentleman 1
have known for a great number of years, a
gentleman of the highest respectability, and
who I do not think is connected with any
railroad interest. However, upon that point I
am not certain ; but he makes the following
statement in relation to the question now
pending before the Senate:
" There are three railroad bridges across the Ohio
river not eiceeding throe hundred and fifty feet
span each: the Baltimore and Ohio railroad bridge
at Parkersburg, one hundred miles below this
place; the Baltimore and Ohio railroad bridge at
Bellaire, four miles from here—and if I am not mis-
taken this span is only three hundred and twenty-
five feet—and the Pan-Handle railroad bridge at
Steubenville, twenty-three miles above. It cer-
tainly appears unreasonable that the Government
should require any bridge built between these points
to be of any greater width of span than those
already constructed. I think it is very evident that
a multiplication of these three hundred and fifty
feet channel spans would not create any greater
obstruction than already exists; while if it is com-
pulsory to make the spans four hundred feet and to
be located by Government engineers, it would
necessitate such an increased expenditure of money
as will prohibit the construction of this bridge. It
seems to me the mere mention of these facts would
have sufficient weight to cause Congress to hesitate
before passing a bill that would inflict such manifest
injustice."
Mr. MORTON. I should like to make one
remark in answer to the communication read
by ipy colleague. The three bridges proposed
to be built from the Indiana to the Kentucky
shore are to have a span of four hundred feet,
and in addition to that a draw. There will be
no larger craft and no larger tow passing under
those bridges than will have to pass under this
bridge to be built opposite to Wheeling. There
is no greater reason for requiring the Indiana
bridges to have that length of span than the
West Virginia bridge. There are three bridges
of narrow span, and there are three obstruc-
tions, and it is now proposed to makea fourth,
and every additional obstruction to that ex-
tent impairs the navigation of the river. The
falls of the Ohio ri*er at Louisville form a
great obstruction, but still navigation can get
around them and be profitable ; but if there
were similar falls every fifty miles, the nav-
igation of the Qiao river would have to be
given up ; and by the increase of these nar-
row-span bridges the navigation of the Ohio
river can be almost destroyed.
Mr. SCOTT- I wish to make one sugges-
tion, and I will do it in ttfo sentences. This
bill proposes to put this whole subject under
the control of the engineers of the War De-
partment. Now, let this general bill pass, and
if a special case exists, let there be a special
application made to the engineers of the War
Department to examine it, and if they report
favorably for an exception to it in the Wheel-
ing bridge case, I shall cheerfully give it my
support; but do not let us make the excep-
tion in the law.
Mr. THURMAN. That would put it off
for a year.
Mr. ALCORN. I merely wish to explain
the fact that coming in as I did to my place
when the question on the adoption of the
amendment of the Senator Ijrom West Virginia
was being considered, aud being misinformed
by my friends, I voted not as I wished ; I voted
in favor of the amendment, when my purpose
was to vote against all propositions for bridges
