1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4495
provided by law to be elected in the year 1872,
shall be held on the first Monday in October,
1872, and every two years thereafter; and that
the members of the house of representatives in
the several Territories shall hold their offices
for the term, of two years from the time of
their election, and the first meeting of the
Legislature of Montana Territory under these
provisions shall be on the first Monday in
December, 1872, and every two years there-
after on the first Monday in December at the
seat of government.
Mr. CORBETT. This bill changes the law
by which we have made provisions for the elec-
tions on the 1st of November. This is a change
for that particular Territory. We have just
passed a law for Washington and Idaho Terri-
tories for the 1st of November.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made. The doors are closed, and the Senate
is in executive session.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business. After thir-
teen minutes spent in executive session legisla-
tive business was temporarily resumed.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr, COLE submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 2705) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1873, and tor other purposes,
having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 15, 16, 20, 21, 28, 40, 43, 44, 45, 46, 48, 50,60,
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1, 2, 3, 4,
5i, 6, 7, 8,9,11.12,13.14,15i, 17,18, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26,
27. 29, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 38, 39, 41, 42, 47, 49, 51, 52, 54,
55, 56, 57, 59, 62, 63, 65, 6fi, 67, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, (4, 75,
K, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82,83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92,
and 93, and agree to the same.
That the Housejeccde from their disagreement to
the fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment as follows: strike out the
proviso attached to the third clause of said amend-
ment: and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out all of said amendment after the word
" to," in line two, and substitute in lieu thereof the
following words, so as to further provide as follows :
That whenever, in any county or parish, in any
congressional district, there shall be ten citizens
thereof of good standing who, prior to any registra-
tion of voters for an election for Representative in
Congress, or prior to any election at which a Repre-
sentative in Congress is to. be voted for, shall make
known in writing, to the judge of the circuit court
of the United States for the district wherein such
county or parish is situate, their desire to have said
registration or election both guarded and scrutinized,
it shall be the duty of the said judge of the circuit
court, within not less than ten days prior to said
registration or election, as the case may be, to open
the said court at the most convenient point in said
district; and the said court, when so opened by said
judge, shall proceed to appoint and commission,
from day to day, and from time to time, and under
the hand of the said judge, and under the seal of
said court, for such election district or voting pre-
cinct in said congressional district, as bha 1, m the
manner herein prescribed, have been applied tor,
and to revoke, change, or renew said appointment
from time to time, two citizens, residents of said
election district or voting precinct in said county or
parish, who shall be of different political parties,
and able to read and write the English language,
and who shall be known and designatedas supervis-
ors of election; and the said court, when opened by
thosaid jud«eas required herein, shall., theretrom
and thereafter, and up to and including the day
following the day of the election, be always open tor
the transaction of business under this act; and the
powers and jurisdiction hereby granted and con-
ferred shall be exercised, as well m vacation as in
term time; and a judge, sitting at ffei
have the same powers and jurisdiction, including
the power of keeping order and of punishing any
contempt of his authority, as when
court: Provided, That no compensation shall be
allowed to the supervisors herein authorized to be
appointed, except those appointed in cities or
towns of twenty thousand or more inhabitants.
And no peison shall be appointed under this act as
supervisor of election who is not at the time of his
appointment a qualified .voter 0f>ho6/2arntAf^ri&
election district, or voting precinct for which he
is appointed. And no person shall be appointed
deputy marshal under the act of which this is
amendatory who is not a qualified voter, at the
time of his appointment, in the county, parish,
district or precinct in which his duties are to be
performed. And section thirteen of the act of which
this is an amendment shall be construed to author-
ize and require the circuit courts of the United
States in said section mentioned to name and ap-
point, as soon as may be after the passage of this
act, the commissioners provided for in said section,
in all cases in which such appointments have not
already been made in conformity therewith. And
the third section of the act to which this is an amend-
ment shall be taken and construed to authorize each
of the judges of the circuit courts of the United
States to designate one or more of the judges of the
district courts within his circuit to discharge the
duties arising under this actor the act to which this
is an amendment. And the words 44 any person," in
section four of the act of May 31,1870, shall be held
to include any officer or other person having pow-
ers or duties of an official character under this act,
or the act to which this is an amendment: Provided,
That nothing in this se^tionshall be so construed as
to authorize the appointment of any marshals or
deputy marshals in addition to those heretofore
authorized by law: And provided further, That the
supervisors herein provided for shall have no power
or authority to make arrests or to perform other
duties than to be in the immediate presence of the
officers holding the election and to witness all their
proceedings, including the countingof the votes and
the making of a return thereof; and so much of said
sum herein appropriated as may be necessary forsaid
supplemental and amendatory provision is hereby
appropriated from and after the passage of this act.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the nineteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendments: in lieu
of the words inserted by said amendment, substitute
the following words: "to enable the Secretary of
the Interior to pay only the reasonable and proper
expense heretofore incurred for paving roadway and
curbing and paving sidewalks in front of the prop-
erty of the United States in the District of Colum-
bia, $192,620, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary; and all railroads are hereby prohibited on the
I street and K street fronts of Farragut, Scott, and
Franklin squares; and no further street railroads
shall belaid down in the city of "Washington with-
out the consent of Congress;" and on page 7, after
the word "paragraphs," in line one, add the follow-
ing words: "and the said appropriations shall not
be construed to create or imply any obligation on
the part of the United States in any respect what-
ever in future;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recedefrom their disagreement to
the thirtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in lieu
of the words stricken out by saidamendmentsubsti-
tute the following: " to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay, under existing laws, contractors
for carrying the mails for services rendered prior to
July 1,1869, $13,416."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: insert
in lieu of the words stricken out by said amend-
ment the following words: "operated by hollow
spheres or otherwise;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the Senate numbered thirty-
five and a half, and agree to the same with the fol-
lowing amendment: strike out of said amendment
the word "five," and insert in lieu thereof the word
"four;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
in lieu of the words stricken out substitute the fol-
lowing: "and the balances of appropriations for the
current fiscal year for the construction of public
buildings under the control of the Treasury Depart-
ment, which may remain unexpended at the close
of the current fiscal year, are hereby reappropriated
for theflscalyear ending JuneSO, 1873;' and the Sen-
ate agree to the same. .... ,
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the fifty-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
in line two of said amendment, after the word
"lands," insert the words "in the;" andthebenate
agree to the same. .
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the fifty-eighth amendment of the Sennte, and
agree to the same witJi the following amendment:
at the end of said amendment add the foMowins
words: " Provided. That whenever Congress shall
so determine, any part of said estate may be sold,
and so much of the proceeds thereof as shall be
needful for the purpose shall be applied to reim-
burse the United States for the expenditure herem
nrovided and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the sixty-first amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
strike out of said amendment lines one, two, three,
four, and line five to and including the word dol-
lars and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the sixty-fourth amendment of the benate, ana
agree to the same with the following amendment:
strike out the word 'five/" in line live of iiaid
amendment, and insert in lieu the word fifteen,
and the Senate agree to the same. ^
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the sixty-eighth amendment ot the Seriate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
in lieu of the words stricken out by said
ment insert the following words: Promoled, J hat
no money appropriated by this act shall be Paid as
commissions upon any labor or materials furnished
the United States
same.
and the Senate agree to the
CORNELIUS COLE.
GEO. F. EDMUNDS.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAS. A. GARFIELD,
F. W. PALMER,
Managers on the,, part oj the House.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Secretary to read
again that part of the report which refers to
the powers of the supervisors of elections.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
And provided further, That the supervisors herein
provided for shall have no power or authority to
make arrests or to perform other duties than to be
in the immediate presence of the officers holding
the election and to witness all their proceedings,
including the counting of the votes and the making
of the returns thereof.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Vermont if I understand correctly that this
simply makes the supervisors silent spectators
without even the power to challenge a vote?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir. They have no
power to challenge a vote except that which
belongs to a citizen, under the existing laws.
Underthe existing law, in cities of twenty thou-
sand inhabitants or more the power of the
supervisors is to be officially present where
they can be in the immediate presence of the
officers having charge of the election and to
observe- the voting and to witness the count-
ing of the votes and the.making up of the re-
turns, so that .they shall know precisely what
the truth is. Under existing law they never
had the slightest power to make arrests or to
interfere with the course of the procedure in
any way. The House insisted upon having
this provision put in as a means of composing
their differences in the other body, to which
we were forced to assent with a view to getting
to an end.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to debate
it. I merely ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not sign that
report for the reason that I did not believe
Congress had any authority to exercise power
over the State elections under the Consti-
tution of the United States; but if Congress
had the power, I should not very much object
to the proviso here as it is in the amendment.
Believing as I do that the power is not within
the constitutional competency of Congress, I
shall vote against the report.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. On all political ques-
tions 1 am paired with the Senator from West
Virginia, [Mr. Davis.] I should vote "yea,"
and he would vote "nay."
Mr. CAMERON. I am paired with the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Johnston.] I
should vote "yea," if at liberty to do so.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to state that the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] is
absent. If he were present he would vote
"yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Cole, Conkling. Corbett. Cragm, Edmunds lerry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Irelinghuysen, Harlan,
Howe, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton. Nve, Osborn, Pomeroy. Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer, beott Sherman,
Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, West, i-nd Windom 39.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayurd, Blair, Cusseriy, Cooper,
Fenton, Hamilton of Texas, Kelly, Norwood, Ran-
som, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stevenson.Stocktoii, ibur-
rnan, Tipton. Trumbull, and Vickers—17. .
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Uayis ot
Kentucky. Davis of West Virgini i, Ferry ot Con-
necticut, Gilbert, Goidthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Lewis,
Pattoreon, Rice, Schuri. Wilson, and Wright—18.
So the report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FR05I TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherSOX, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 467) to provide for the erec-
