4498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
necessary unless some one doubts that two
thirds have voted for the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think we
may as well have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon this
vote two thirds of the Senate are required to
pass this bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 46, nays 3 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Blair,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Clayton,
Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen. Hamilton of
Maryland, Hill, Iliteheock, Howe, Kelly, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood,
Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart. Thurman, Trumbull,
Vickers, West,"Wilson, and Windom—46.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Chandler, and Har-
lan—3.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Conkling, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia. Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson,
Pratt, Schuras, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, and
Wright—25.
So (two Thirds voting in favor thereof) the
bill was passed.
pinal adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the conference on
the bill for the relief of Theodore Adams.
Mr, CAMERON. I desire to lay that over
for a moment until I offer a bill which con-
tains the names I intended to add to the bill
just passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The con-
ference report is before the Senate.
Mr, HOWE. I want to say to the friends
of this bill, whose name I see plainly is legion,
that I do not mean to prevent a vote upon it,
but I think it is due to the country that I should
state as briefly as I can the views which weigh
with me.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
Wisconsin would allow the bill 1 have just
presented to, be passed. It is similar to the
one we have just passed. I desire very much
to.have a few men released from their dis-
abilities. They are two gentlemen in Georgia.
Mr. HOWE. Let my friend understand
me; I am not making the objection.
Mr. MORTON. 1 ask that the resolution
extending the time of adjournment be taken up.
Mr. HOWE. I will yield for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana asks that the pending ques-
tion be laid aside for the purpose of taking up
the House concurrent resolution extending the
session.
Mr. HILL. I object.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask leave to make one
remark.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust the Senator 
Mr. CONKLING. I objected before to
taking up this resolution. I did it because my
information was, and is now, that the bill in
question is enrolled in point of fact. If the
session is to be extended, that is very well,
but it is not worth while to do it upon mis-
information as to the fact. The extension is
to be, not for enrolling the bill, but for other
reasons.
Mr. COLE. The conference report has not
yet been acted on iu the House, I understand.
Mr, CONKLING. That is another thing ;
but the bill is enrolled.
Mr. COLE. If the yeas and nays were
called there it would consume aii the time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The bill has
to be presented in both Houses after it is
passed, and .we have only twenty-five minutes
now to consider it. I think the time ought to
be exteuded.
Mr. HILL. I withdraw my objection for
that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
resolution? The Chair hears none. The
Secretary will read the resolution.
The Chief Clerk read the House resolution
as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the time
fixed by the concurrent resolution for the adjourn-
ment of the present session of Congress be and is
hereby farther extended until nine o'clock p. in.,
and that the President of theSenateand the Speaker
oftheHouse be,and are hereby,authorized to adjourn
the two Houses sine die at that hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I quite agree with the
Senator from New York; I think we can fin-
ish this matter by six o'clock; the bill is
enrolled, and it can be signed in five minutes
after the House's action on the report.
Mr. CONKLING. That is true; but this
is trne also—I suppose I tnay say so much—
that one or two members of the House are not
only debating the bill, but debating some other
things that take time, and therefore word has
been sent to me—I have a message in my
hand—that it is very doubtful whether the bill
may not fail at six o'clock, although it is
enrolled. Now, the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] asks me can we not take
a recess or an extension until seven o'clock.
I asked that same question, and was told that
no vote could be got in the House on con-
curring in any amendment that we might
make, and that therefore the only way to be
absolutely safe was to extend the session as
the House has proposed to us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theques-
tion is on agreeing to the House resolution.
The resolution was agreed to. *
tampering with juries.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate take a recess until eight o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin if he will allow a bill that is on the
table which has come from the House amend-
ing the Senate substitute by a change of two
words only to be concurred in, that it may be
enrolled ?
Mr. HOWE. I yield for that purpose.
The PRES1DEN Tpro tempore. The Chair
will lay the bill before the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill (II.
11. No. 1017) to prevent and punish the ob-
struction of the administration of justice in
the United States courts, the amendment of
the House being to strike out '' three " in two
places and insert "one.''
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
concur.
The amendment was concurred in.
ciiaro.es against senator clayton.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to
make a report from a special committee. Mr.
President, I present the report of the special
committee to whom were referred certain
charges against the Senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Clayton.] The Senator from Iowa, the
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Wright,]
was called home suddenly and handed me this
report upon the eve of his departure. I now
take the opportunity of presenting it, and ask
that it may be printed. It will be found on
examination to bo a partial report. It was
the best the committee could do on the scant
opportunity the time allowed them after the
protracted examination of witnesses.
Mr. NORWOOD. As a member of that
committee I differed with them as to the pro-
priety of making a report at this time. I
talked with them on the whole subject, with
the chairman particularly, before he went
away. The report, as stated by the Senator
from Maine, is simply partial, not a full report.
I have drawn up a few remarks on that sub-
ject, which I have submitted to the Senator
from Maine, and he makes no objection to
their accompanying the report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Georgia asks leave to present the
views of the minority.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
Mr. NORWOOD. It is not on the merits
of the case, but simply as to the matter of
making the report at this time.
The report was ordered to be printed with
the views of the minority.
theodore adams.
The PRESIDENT^>ro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor
on the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 2046) for the relief of
Theodore Adams.
Mr. HOWE. Now I trust,I shall be allowed
to get through with what little I have to say. I
want to come back to the proposition that I
was speaking about when this interruption
occurred, the question whether there was any
valid contract between Mr. Adams and the
Government. I insist, the opinion of the Sen-
ator from Missouri to the contrary notwith-
standing, that the quartermaster's department
had no authority to make any such contract as
was made in this case; that so far as the Gov-
ernment was concerned the contract was an
absolute nullity as much as so if the quartermas-
ter had contracted for a million acres of
land or for an island in the Pacific or for the
dominion of a country in Europe. But there
was a contract pro forma made, and Mr.
Adams, so far as 1 kuow or believe, in good
faith went to work to execute that contract;
but I think every Senator will admit that if I
am right in supposing the quartermaster had
no authority to make the contract, all the
Government ought to do is to make the con-
tract whole, see that the contractor does not
lose anything.
The Government has no right to pay him
immense profits upon a contract which is in-
valid as against the Government. Now, the
Government getting dissatisfied with this and
many other contracts which they understood
were being made on the Mississippi, as I said
before, appointed a commission to inquire into
these matters. The commission was composed
of three distinguished men, the present Justice
Davis, of the Supreme Court, Judge Holt noiv
Judge Advocate General, and Mr. Campbell.
That commission went to the spot, examined
such witnesses as they thought proper to in-
form them as to the character of the work
done and as to the amount of money that
ought to be paid. The claims of Mr. Adams
were not by him, but by the War Office, sub-
mitted to this commission. They inquired
into that transaction; they took testimony.
Mr. Adams says, and says truly, that he did
not appear before that commission. In person
he did not, but so far as we know he appeared
just as far as he chose to appear; he wrote
to the commission and submitted his views
touching his claim. The commission made an
award of a certain sum of money which they
deemed to be full compensation for the work
done.
Mr. Adams had an undoubted right to say
"I will not take that money, I stand upon my
contract." He did not do that. He did take
the money. He was toW he could not have
the money unless he receipted in full of all
claims upon the Government upon receiving
it. He did take the money, and he executed
such a receipt. He says he took it under pro-
test. I do not see how the receipt could be
controlled in its effect at all by any words or
any writing which he made at the time he took
that money. So much he got in his pocket.
Against that amount the Government has no
sort of chance to recoup ; but relying upon
the fact of his protest Mr. Adams commenced
a suit in the Court of Claims. Upon the judg-
ment rendered by that court the Government
appealed to the Supreme Court of the United
