1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4499
States. That court lield, as I have just ob-
served, that the claim was concluded by the
receipt of that money. Having taken that he
had relinquished whatever claim he had, good
or bad. So he went out of that court. Then
he came to Congress, when it was submitted to
the Committee on Claims on the part of the
Senate, as I said before, and they had great
difficulty in coming to the conclusion that we
had a right or that we could safely go behind
this judgment which had been pronounced by
the court; but giving all the heed we dared
to give to the claimant's protestations of the
wrong done him, we finally concluded to adopt
the award maiie by the Court of Claims upon
a full trial of the case, and to allow him what
that court said he ought in equity to have.
That amount was about thirty-nine thousand
dollars. When that amendment was before
the Senate I think a proposition was sub-
mitted by the Senator from West Virginia,
or rather the Senator raised the question
whether the Senate should agree to that
amendment, and a vote was taken upon it; I
think that Senator, and my impression is the
Senator from Missouri, so voted. The Sen-
ator shakes his head; lam mistaken, then.
Mr. BLAIR. I had nothing at all to say
about it.
Mr. HOWE. I was going to say that both
Senators voted against concurring in that
amendment. If I am wrong in that, I desire
to be corrected.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not know whether there
was any vote by yeas and nays on that amend-
ment. I think there were a few votes against
the claim on the yeas and nays. I took no
part in the debate.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator says I am wrong
about it, I certainly am wrong.
Mr. BORE MAN. Allow me to correct the
Senator in a matter of fact. The Chair decided
that my motion was out of order, that the ques-
tion was to concur with the committee, and
therefore the motion that I had proposed to
make was not made, and the question was on
concurring with the committee.
Mr. HOWE. And the Senator voted against
concurring.
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not recollect, but I
suppose I did.
Mr. HOWE. The House did not concur in
the amendment made by the Senate, and this
committee of conference was the result. I
called attention to what I supposed to be the
votes of the Senator from West Virginia and
the Senator from Missouri, because I supposed
the fact of their voting in that way had been
overlooked by the Chair when the committee
of conference was appointed, because I under-
stand it to be uniformly the rule to put a
majority on a committee of conference who
are m favor of the action of the body consti-
tuting the committee ; but if I am mistaken
about the vote of the Senator from Missouri,
of course there is no point in this.
Mr. President, the question to-day is whether
we are to concur in this report which puts
seventy-odd thousand do liars of profits into the
pocket of this contractor upon a contract
which, in my judgment, never was valid, and
which, if it was ever valid, he relinquished by
his own act in writing upon the receipt ot a
sum of money which a commission as intelli-
gent as that I have just named deemed to be
full compensation for what he had done.
Mr. COLE. I do not see how we can pay
this demand after the statement made by the
Senator from Wisconsin and the Senator from
Indiana. It would seem to be a very extraor-
dinary thing to pay a claim under those
circumstances. I move to recommit the report
to the committee of conference.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I syuipathizealways with
my friend helorc me [Mr. Stewart] and with
my friend who sits next to him, [Mr. Pojie-
roy] and I suppose I ought to sympathize
with their impatience to act upon this report.
There seem to be a great many Senators here
very anxious to vote upon it and vote for it.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 want to get a bill up as
soon as this is out of the way.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not lay this aside
until my friend takes up his bill? One would
suppose the United States was an insolvent, if
not an absconding debtor. I should think,
from the earnestness of my friend from Nevada,
he is afraid the Government is going to fail
before December and that the applicant here
will be beaten on his execution when he gets
it. Now, I wish to say to my friend, having
taken some pains lately to ascertain the con-
dition of the exchequer, that we may rely upon
it that any time before the 1st of January or
even before the 1st of February the money
can be made without issuing execution in favor
of this man when he gets a bill passed which
shall give it to him; and therefore I do not see
why upon the report of a conference commit-
tee which I must consider unusual, the Senate
should be pushed in this headlong way to a
vote. If I saw a Senator in every chair that
I see around me, I should not object to the
vote hearing taken, because I do not believe
that after listening to the three Senators, the
Senator from Vermont, the Senator from Indi-
ana, and the Senator from Wisconsin, who
have ventilated this claim, any majority could
be found in its favor.
Now, Mr. President, if I believed that this
claim was at hazard owing to the doubtful re-
sponsibility of the United States, and that
unless it was paid now there would be no
money to pay it iu the future, that would ap-
peal to me very strongly; but the earnestness
that there is here is suggestive to my mind of
the idea that just as the Senate is constituted
at this moment it may be much more safe for
the claimant than for the merits of the report
upon the bill that we vote just now.
Let me see if I understand this. T have
heard no Senator deny the proposition, so
clearly stated by the Senator from Indiana,
and repeated by others, that the highest tri-
bunal in the land has decided that there is no
claim whatever legally for any amount. Does
anybody dispute that? I have heard no Sen-
ator. If there is any opportunity or room to
dispute it I wish some Senator would tell me
so. If no one rises to dissent from that state-
ment 
Mr. STEWART. What do you mean by a
legal claim ?
Mr. CONKLING. "What doyou mean by
a legal claim?" I would rather ask my friend's
opinion as to a legal claim.
Mr. STEWART. I undertake to say that
in the same sense that there is no legal claim
in this case there is no legal claim in any
relief bill that is ever brought here, because
the party has no legal remedy unless Congress
will grant the relief. It has not been denied
in my hearing here or anywhere else that this
party in good faith expended the money and
has not been paid. He has no legal claiin, no
claim that he can enforce in any court. The
trouble here is that because the party has a
just claim, because the Government owes him
something that it ought to pay and because he
has no legal means of enforcing it, we pass
laws daily to give a legal remedy.
Mr. CONKLING. I feel very much humil-
iated by what my friend says. I have been
sitting here four or five years and I never have
learned from him, and I blame him very much
for not teaching me, and I never have learned
from any other Senator, the great, truth which
he has now promulgated. If I had known that
there was any room for mistake about this, 1
should-have applied to some Senator, and I
certainly should have selected my honorable
friend from Nevada, for nobody is more com-
petent to instruct me than he is. But let me
see what he tells me. Now he tells me that
the Senate never passes a relief bill for a
private claimant except in cases where he has
no claim that he could enforce by law. My
friend may mean by that two things totally
dissimilar. He may mean only to allude to
what we all know (and I even know that my-
self) that it is not the fashion or habit of
Governments to allow themselves to be sued
by their citizens. If he means that, his prop-
osition is unquestionable ; it is impregnable.
That men come here with claims against the
United States when if the claim were against
the Senator from Nevada they would sue him,
is for the simple reason that while he is suable
the United States is not. If that is all he
means, I repeat, it would not become one so
humble as I am to dispute his proposition, and
I do not think any man would. But, on the
other hand, if he means that men come here
with claims who if their demand existed
against a citizen could not be afforded an op-
portunity to establish those claims in court,
then 1 repeat, if he be right I have been labor-
ing for years under a strange delusion.
Mr. STEWART. I do not mean anything
of the kind ; and that is not the case, either.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if my friend will
pardon me a moment I will tell him what I
understand this case to be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will give
way I will move a recess.
Mr. CONKLING. I think we ought to take
a recess.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
take a recess until eight o'clock this evening.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debatable.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on a
division—ayes 2i, noes 17 j and (at six o'clock
and two minutes p. m.) the Senate tooka recess
till eight o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at eight o'clock
p. m.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The busi-
ness before the Senate is the report of the
committee of conference on the bill for the
relief of Theodore Adams. Previous to pro-
ceeding to that the Chair will announce the
senatorial visitors to West Point. The Chair
appoints Mr. Cameron and Mr. Ramsey, as
the gentlemen previously appointed have de-
clined to serve.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT JJA1H.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ate to take up House bill No. 902. It is a
very short bill, and will occupy no time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a bill before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask to lay that
aside for the present.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 902) making an
appropriation for the repairs, furnishing, and
ornamentation of the United States custom-
house and post office at Bath, Maine. It appro-
priates $5,000 for the repair, furnishing, and
heating of the United States custom-house and
post office at Bath, in the State of Maine, and
for grading the grounds, to be expended in
accordance with existing laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope we may have a vote
on'the regular order.
Mr. STEWART. Let us have the regular
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will
give us a vote on the Cincinnati bill.
Mr. SCOTT. There is a bill before the
Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have a vote on
the conference report.
