.4504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June ]0, 1872.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I demand that the
bill be read at length. I called over and over
again to know what it was.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair
must be excused for cot hearing what Sen-
ators say in this confusion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Chair will
see that the confusion ends by asking Senators
to take their seats.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The best
way for the Senator from Ohio will be to move
to reconsider.
Mr. SHERMAN. I enter that motion until
I know what the bill is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read at length.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, Mr. President, this
is simply one of those efforts to prevent the
passage of the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives abolishing the franking privilege.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator'from Ohio persist in the motion to
reconsider?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by 0. E. Babcock, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had on this day
approved and signed the following acts :
An act (S. No. 420) for the relief of Thomas
Allen;
An act (S. No. 842) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at or near Red Wing, in the State of
Minnesota, and to establish it as a post road ;
An act (S. No. 663) for the relief of David
L. Wright, late captain of company E, first
regiment Indiana volunteers;
An act (S. No. 1063) granting a pension to
L. Adelia Foster;
An act (S. No. 1064) granting a pension to
J. W. Cronkite;
An act (S. No. 156) for the relief of Fred-
erick Dimpfel;
An act (S. No. 324) to extend the provis-
ions of an act entitled "An act for the final
adjustment of private land claims in the States
of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and for
other purposes
An act (S. No. C36) for the relief of El-
bridge Gerry;
An adt (S. No. 508) for the relief of certain
tribes of Indians in the northern superintend-
eney;
**'
An act (8. No. 649) for the relief of Simeon
An act (S. No. 1175) for the relief of cer-
tain Indians in the central saperintendency ;
An act (S. No. 905) for the relief of Harriet
Spring, the heir of Captain Williams Barker,
deceased ;
An act (S. No. 265) to authorize the pay-
ment of bounty to Ann McCarthy ;
An act (S. No. 1054) to reimburse the State
of Kentucky for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, subsisting, cloth-
ing, supplying, arming, equipping, paying, and
transporting militia forces to aid in suppress-
ing the rebellion ;
An act (S. No. 624) confirmingand extend-
ing a patent-right to Levi W. Pond and Eau
Ctaire Lumber Company;
An act (S. No. 467) to provide for the erec-
tion of a building suitable for the use of the
United States courts, post office, and other
necessary Government offices at Raleigh, North
Carolina ;
An act (S. No. 996) to repeal so much of
section six of an act entitled " An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1870, and for other
purposes," approved March 3, 1869, as pro-
hibits promotions in the engineer's depart-
ment of the Army;
An act (S. No. 1089) to reimburse the State
of Nevada for expenses incurred while a Ter-
ritory in the purchase of a prison and in sup-
port of United States courts;
An act (S. No. C26) to authorize the sale of
certain public property;
An act (S. No. 1163) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes ; and
An act (S. No. 1164) appropriating $10,000
for a statue of General John A. Rawlins.
german language at west point.
Mr. BLAIR. I was recognized by the
Chair and made a motion to discharge the
Committee on Military Affairs from House
joint resolution No. 104, to add a professorship
of German at the Military Academy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri moves to discharge the
Committee on Military Affairs from the fur-
ther consideration of a House joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the object of
that? •
Mr. BLAIR. The object of it is to teach
German at the Military Academy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Discharging the com-
mittee will not teach German.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will not
interfere with the bill from the House abolish-
ing the franking privilege.
Mr. BLAIR. I hope the Senator from
Minnesota will not interfere with my joint
resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Missouri, to discharge the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs from the further consideration of
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 104) directing
the Secretary of War to add the German lan-
guage in the United States Military Academy
at West Point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
done.
My. SPENCER. Let us hear the joint
resolution read, so that we may urtderstaud
what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
as follows:
"Whereas the English and German languages are
more generally spoken in the United States than
any other tongues; and whereas during our late
civil war, embarrassment frequently occurred in
consequence of companies and regiments of Ger-
mans being commanded by officers who did not
understand their language: Therefore.
Jiesolved, &c.t That the Secretary of War is liereby
directed to add the German language, in the regu-
lar course of studies, in the United fcitates Military
Academy; and that he cause to be employed one
German professor, and two German assistant pro-
fessors, for that purpose.
Mr. CARPENTER. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senate discharge the Committee on Military
Affairs from the further consideration of this
bill?
Mr. SPENCER. I hope not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no doubt that
the law, as the West Point Academy is now
organized, authorizes the proper authorities
to take any steps necessary for the teaching
of any foreign language, be it German, or
French, or Danish, or Spanish, or what-
ever 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will suspend his remarks. The hour of
nine o'clock has arrived, and, pursuant to the
concurrent resolution of the two Houses of
Congress, I pronounce the Senate adjourned
without day.
