1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marshall.] is, to strike out $-219,000, and to in-
sert $100,000. I wish to amend by striking out
the wlioia sum. The gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] lias remarked to the committee,
that we should not withhold the pay of the soldier.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman that his amendment is not in order,
inasmuch as it disposes of the whole clause.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 move to reduce the amount
to five dollars. That is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. GORMAN. I said that the gentleman
from Mississippi assumed that we were striking
at the pay of the soldier. Tlxe pay of the soldier
is provided for in the array appropriation bill—.
for the pay of the army proper, but if he had gone
a iiule further and inquired why it is that in 1844
each soldier cost this Government g404, and in
1852, S1,000, 1 should like to hear the reason for
that. Sir, gentlemen upon this floor imagine that
we must take th-e ipse dixit of the Committee of
Ways and Means; that we must take the esti-
mates of the Departments. I deny it as a princi-
ple. I insist that the representative branch of the
Government has the right to control the expenses
whenever they please. They have the same rights
of information that the Committee of Ways and
Means have. A gentleman who is not ]*>sted up
on the subject is not fully within the line of his
duty. I undertake to say that the quartermaster's
department has increased the expenditures nearly
fifteen times as much as it was five years ago. Why
is it? I confess, sir, that there is a large increase on
account of the extent of our territory; but what is
the principle reason ? The Secretary of War in-
forms this House that large abuses have crept into
the quartermaster's department. Officers are sent
forward in the country to buy horses, who are in
partnership and acting with the vender. They
make millions of dollars. Where is the pruning
knife; With the department. The men at these
posts, they say to themselves, have strong friends—
Senators and Representatives—to plead theircause,
and they are retained. Who is responsible? I
care not who is responsible. It is a wrong, and
I should be derelict to my duty if I were to stand
here and be particeps criminis to the wrong. We
curtailed at the last session of Congress these ap-
propriations nearly $2,500,000. What have they
done? They have come up to that $2,500,000, ,
and are here asking us to supply a deficiency of:
$3,000,000. Why is that? Is your army m- ;
creased ? Are your provisions increased in price? !
.Not at all. It is because men—one man of whom j
I can name—are in partnership with the purchasers '
and stipulate to the amount of $120,000. He is in ;
partnership with the purchaser, who pays three !
times the value of the property. The Government ;
has dismissed him. He has made an independent '
fortune, and is living upon his means m Oregon, j
Several Members. Who is he? :
Mr. GORMAN. I shall certainly not name j
him here. I will name him to any gentleman '
who may call upon me for that purpose. I am j
responsible for what I say m relation to this mat-
ter. What does the Secretary of War mean when
he says that these abuses have crept into the De-
partment? He means something or he means
nothing. What, then, is it our duty to do ? To
take the estimates of the quartermaster's depart-
ment and pass upon ihem or upon some of the j
officers or persons who live upon theGo\ernment !
pap ? I deny it as a principle. I insist that it is J
our duty to curtail when, from the information I
obtained, our judgment dictates that course. Why ,
these expenditures are almost one third larger
than they were during the Mexican war—a for- i
eign war. I see, in the quartermaster's depart- :
ment there were eight hundred and fifty wagons
transporting supplies from San Antonio, and a i
corresponding number of mules. They must have 1;
had a wagon for each officer and soldier. I do not ;
know how long it took to transport them. There 1
was a regiment about Texas and Santa Fe, and
eight hundred and fifty wagons to transport sup- .
plies. Did the Committee of Ways and Means
undertake to investigate the whys and wherefores j
of that item? I undertake to say here, in the !j
presence of the chairman, that they have not.
They have reported it to the House, and have !
not investigated whether it was right or wrong. \.
[Here the hammer fell.] ;
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Chairman, the only object ,,
which I have in view, and which will influence me
837
, in voting for these appropriations, is to ascertain, || 1844-'5, per man, was so much, it now amounts
j as the geiuleman from Connecticut [Mr. Cleve- II to a much larger sum. And no man that is re-
I land] remarked, whether they are just and right, h sponsible seems to assume, that it can be accounted
' w!I' ^rtam i jaSCi i" ihat a- J- 18 lmPOSSi- ! foi' otherwise than by attributing corruption and
, ble foi the two hundred and thirty different gentle- ;! profligacy to the Executive officers of the Govern-
; men composing this committee to investigate par- |. ment. I have not considered it my duty particu-
j ticularly every item submitted to us from the War >; larly to fake this matter in charge and sW the
j Department by the Secretary of War. The best ; °
J light we have is the investigation which a com- '
i mittee of this House gives to the subject, ap- 1
! pointed by the Speaker, elected by a lar^e major- .
ity, and in whom we confide; and when they !
! come in here, a committee composed, I believe of .     V1
; six gentlemen of the Democratic party and three ^ have arraigned the*Secretary of WaT upon*the
; Whigs, with the estimates from the War Depart- l; one hand and the other. I take it for granted,
( ment—estimates submitted, I believe,by a Demo- that many of the gentlemen who have addressed
j cratio quartermaster general, about whom I know ;j the House, have not read his report. He does
little—how am I to be controlled5 How is my |j account for and explain m it, not m every item;
\nd even where he fails to explain the hems of
reasons upon which it rests.
Mr. GOllMAK. J did not say Executive offi-
cers.
Mr, GENTRY. I presume his remarks were
addressed generally-. I did not wake that re-
mark so much in reply to him as to others, who
judgment to be made up ? I believe these appro- M and even where he fails to explaii.   
priations are necessary, generally, to carry on the j! abuses which have crept into the army, yetlie~ad
public business, and to carry on the Government. : mits that-there are abuses. Did they occur bu
I look at the reports from your Departments, I !
hear the explanations of your committee, I ascer- I
tain from the most experienced in the public ser- '
vice, that these appropriations are necessary, and j
then I deem it my duty to vote supplies. Now, I
while I am ud 1 wish to say to my friend and col- 1
league [Mr. Olds] over the way, who said that '
there was a time in this House when one party '
withheld supplies—I am happy to say to him and
! the country that, in the five years I have been in '>
j service here, I have never known such a party, :
; and never hope to know such a party. I have j
voted the necessary supplies to the Government— !! cause* that produced it. These causes are
to the military and the naval service of the conn- '! , has b.een aheady stated,
r u n •     , . i' hair os tne whole army is stationed on our i
they occur but
yesterday1 Have they not existed for years?
And when shall we hope to see the day that some
abuses of this kind will not exist in every branch
of the Government, where expenditures are to be
made. Did they not exist in Mexico during the
last war? How many defaulters there are who
have not settled their accounts with the quarter-
master's and paymaster's departments? Here is
the Secretary of War's account of this matter of
expenditure:
" In my Sast annual report, I adverted to the enormoas
increase in the expense of supporting The army, and to the
principally—
more than one
emote frontier,
and so iar as expenses are concerned, may be considered as
in acuve service in time of war.
That the military posts on the frontier were for-
mer])- on or near navigable river?1, but now, on the eontiary,
arc either far in the interior oi the country or on the Pacific,
and, consequently, can only be reached by an overland
try—and I shall continue to do so from the best 1
lights I can get to suide my judgment.
! I believe, Mr. Chairman, great reforms are np- >
cessary in regard to our war and naval establish- -
i ment. T believe that if some of the gentlemen who ■ „11V1? „r lv„ wtx,11I„4„
i hold positions in the bureaus under the Secretaries ! jo'iiney of liundieds ot miles, or by a sea voyage of several
; of War and Navy, who are professional men, sym- !•
j pathizing with their corps, were sent off on public '
j duties, and eminent citizens, capable of looking |
! into the expenditures, were put in their stead, we j,
| should have a reduction of the enormous appro- jj
: priations made from year to year. I would place '
at the head of the quartermaster's bureau an emi- ■
nent civilian, capable of investigating: the necessity I
1 for these supplies, and reporting to Congress how j
[ much was necessary, f would have him ascertain 1
| by intelligent communication with the officers of !
} the army and others all over the country. These '
reforms are needed, but it is impossible for a ;
; member serving two or three years to undertake ■
: them. The Whigs, as charged by my colleague ;
[Mr. Olds] the other day, never withheld sup-
plies when they were in a majority in this House.
During the Inst two years of Mr. Polk's adminis- ',
tration the Whigs had a majority here. My col- i
league then, Mr. Vinton, as chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, did himself honor in \\
the national, enlarged, sensible, and intelligent !
manner in which he voted and reported supplies l:
necessary to extricate ourselves from the war with |i
Mexico and to carry on the war. I was in- ;i
formed by the then Secretary of the Treasurv— ]j
Mr. Walker—that a more faithful man in that
position never served in this House, and that he !
never asked for a reasonable appropriation that !
was not promptly granted and promptly explained, ;l
and passed by the House, though they were -
against the then Administration. That is the spirit j
in which we must act here, no matter who is 11
President, who administers the Departments here, it
We are acting for the country—for the whole I j
country: and while we see that these appropria- ■ '
tions are not extravagant, we are bound to vote
the necessary supplies to carry on the Govern-
ment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GENTRY. I move to increase the item ,
of appropriation five dollars. The Committee of
Ways and Mea n s seems to be very much reproached ;
here, because it does not. exhibit the state of^facts ;
which demonstrates to the House the necessity of
passing this bill. That it is a duty which that
committee is doubtless competent to perform. My
honorable friend from Indiana [Mr. Gob man-] !
propounds a question, which he says ou^V-t to 1
have been explained bv the Committee of Ways
and Means/ He desires the extraordinary fact j
explained, that whereas the cost of our army in 11
•' The following is a list of what were our most remote
poslbin 1845, and their respective distances from naviga-
tion :
Fort SnelJing, accessible bv steam-boats.
Fort Leavenworth, accessible by steam-boats.
Foit VTilkms, acco^iWo hy stfam-hoats.
Foit Gib-on, iv.'Ct'SMblo Ivv steam-boais.
Fort ^nnth, accessible by steam-boats.
Fort Jesup, 24 miles from steam-boat navigation, by
wagon®.
Fort Atkins, 'M miles fiom steam-boat navigation, by
wagons.
Fort Towson, 6 miles from steam-boat navigation, by
"wagons.
Fort Washita, 8S miles from steam-boat navigation, by
wa on .
foit Scott, 90 miles fiom steam boat navigation, by
wagons.
u Conipaiethis b>t with tkat of some of the most remote
poets at the present unie.
"Jiuhanola, now the depot for the greater part of the
post* m Texas, and some of those in New Mexico, is 540
mile* by water, from New Orleans. From this depjt it if,
bv wagons
'To Fort Worth 420miies.
To El Paso 803 «
To Dona Ana "
To the po*t at the Copper Mines 979 "
" FortTow>-on and Foit Smith, both depending upon New
Orleans, are the frontier depots tor the po^ts on the north
line of Texas; the transpoitation by wagons is, from Fort
Tow.-on to Foit Belknap, 3f>2 miles ; fiom Fort Smith to
Fort Arbuekle, 167 miles
'• Fort Leavenworth, 420 miles from St. Lour«, by water,
is the frontier depOt for the posts on the Santa F6 and Ore-
gon routes. Thence it is, by wagons,
To Foit Laramie  mi'es*
To Fort Union  7*28 «
To Santa    ® "
To Socorro  r •*?!,
To San Juan  ' ««- " i
e< From St. Louis to Fort Snelhng, by water, >s72o miles,
and thence to Foit Eiplev, by v/upons, 125 nnles.
"From St. Louis to Keokuck, hv water, 179 miles, and
th<aice to Foil Dodge, by wagons, 280 miles.
" A large pnrt'on of the supplies foi the posts on the Pa-
cific arc drawn from the Atlantic States,
3d. The frontier posts, as may be seen by the foregoing
list, were then situated m the midst of a fertile and produc-
tive country, where neatly all the supplies for the troops
could be procured. Now, on the contiaiy, they ore, for the
most part, in one of the most unproductive regions m the
wojJdj winch furnishes but a small portion of the necessary
supplies for an arinv. Those supplies must, therefoie, ail
be diawn from the "older State* and transported immense
distances. The consequence i« that, while m 184.5 the cost
of transpoitation (of troops and supplies) was$130,0o3o2,
in lSSO-'ol it amounted to $2,094,408 51. In the former
the cost of torage was &99/7U4 20; in the latter it was
,vl 267.3-57 91. The great increase m this last item arises
not only from the causes just mentioned, but also-from the
creat ineicase of animals in (he quartet master's depart-
ment. winch in 18ir> amounted only to tiaht bundrcd and
fortv-^ven, and m 1850-51 to upwards oi eight thousaiu?,
and also io the fact that the mounted force has be^ngieatiy
increased.
