1702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Friday be occupied wfthits consideration you will
exclude from the consideration of the Senate, all
those private bills which wo<)itfl pass to-day, and
take away the possibility of their passing the
other House. Here are claimants against the
Government, to whom thousands of follara are
justly due, whose claims have been reported upon
by committees, year after year, and if they are not
acted on soon, by the Senate, cannot receive the
sanction of Congress during the present session*
The bill" with which it is asked to supersede them,
will be acted on undoubtedly either to-morrow.or
whenever the Semite will meet again. 1 do think,
therefore, that every reason which has been sug-
gested why it should pass to-day, does not afford
any adequate reason for postponing private bills.
Senators have assigned no reason why its passage
to-day would be advantageous to the country, and
why it would be better to pass it to-day rather
than to-morrow. On the contrary, I have sug-
gested that I have sent the bill as amended to
one of the largest commercial cities of the Union,
with the view that those interested may make
some suggestions in reference to the amendments.
It seems, therefore, to me, sofarasany reason has
been assigned, that justice and policy dictate that
you should wait until the persons so deeply inter-
ested may have-an opportunity of having their
views known.
Mr. H AML1N. 1 do not knowthat I can give
a " sensible" reason why the Senate should pro-
ceed to the consideration of this bill; indeed, 1 am
very fearful that I shall not give such a reason as
the Senator from Maryland will deem "sensible;"
but I can give one or two which will control my
rote, and! shall be glad if they will control the
vote of a majority of the Senate. I have voted,
I think, uniformly with my friend from Maryland
during the whole of this session, to adhere to the
rules of the Senate as applicable to private bills;
and I am deeply sensible of the importance which
attaches to these bills; but I shall depart from him
on this occasion, and vote to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill relating to steamboats. The
first reason which will induce me to vote for that
motion is, that within the last two or three days,
which have been somewhat broken, we have taken
out of their ordinary course, and acted upon, as
many private bills as we would pass in one whole
day. That is one reason. Another is, that the
bill relating to steamboats is a very particular bill;
and if the Senator from Maryland were on the
Committee on Commerce, from which it came, I
apprehend he would concur with its members in a
very hearty desire to be rid of it. It is an import-
ant bill. We are, and have been, receiving sug-
gestions from practical men all over the country,
and we desire to.be rid of the bill, and pass it in
such a shape as the Senate shall see fit. If it is
passed at all through the other House, it is very
desirable that it should go there at as early a day
as possible. I think with the Senator from In-
diana, [Mr. Bright,] that we may perfect it in a
short time; perhaps as much time has already
been taken up in discussing the preliminary ques-
tion, whether we shall proceed to its considera-
tion, as would be taken up in passing the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I rise'merely to make an j
inquiry. Is this the Friday upon which private
bills are considered without debate?
Several Senators. No.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then, if debate be allow-
able to-day, on private bills, I shall vote to take
up the bill proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope that bill will betaken
 p. I have, with the Senatorfrom Indiana, [Mr.
Bhight,] heretofore invariably gone for taking
up private bills on Fridays, to the exclusion
of all public business; but the biH of the Senator
from Massachusetts is of too much importance
to the whole country to. be deferred any longer
than is absolutely necessary. As has been justly
said, this is a long bill, involving many details,
and it will necessarily reodve a careful revision in
the House. The eonsidOTrtion of it will involve
some time there; and, therefore, the sooner we get
through with it here the better. 1 hope no further
objection will be made to taking it up.
Mr. PRATT. Every Senator who has spoken
on the other side has said that heretofore he has
invariably voted with me against the postpone-
ment of private bills on Fridays; and yet, it is un-
fortunately known to the country, or to that part
of it interested in these private claims, that a prop-
osition has never been made to postpone them
that has not succeeded.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator is mistaken in
that.
Mr. FRATT. They have always been post-
poned, without a single excefrtion, to the best of
my recollection. My friend from Maine, who or-
dinarily offers sensible reasons, when they can be
offered from the nature of the subject, has said
that he had two, which lie deemed, at any rate,
sufficiently sensible to govern hisvote. What are
they ? In the first place, that this is a very par-
ticular bill. I cannot see-how he faakes that a
reason. I suppose that every claimant, who is
suffering for the want of money due from the Uni-
ted States, will consider his claim to be a very
particular one. I cannot see that there is much in
that reason, sensible as my friend thinks it is.
The next is, that yesterday some two orthree pri-
vate bills were passed by the Senate. They were
taken up out of their order. Senators asked the
favor of the Senate to take up these bills—bills
against which nobody could object; and they were
so taken out of their order, and passed without
discussion. a
To-day is the day upon which those bills would j
not be considered; but to-day is the day upon j
which bills upon the Private Calendar, which will |
be discussed, will be considered, and an objection 1
(o which, if made, will not carry them over. 1 do
not see, therefore, that the fact that yesterday
some bills upon the Calendar were taken up out of
tlteir order, to which nobody objected at all, can
be a just reason why these bills, which will be i
taken up in their regular order on the Calendar to-
day, if we proceed to its consideration, should be
postponed.
Mr. RUSK. I believe if we had had no dis-
cussion on the motion to take up the bill, we
should have had it passed by this time,and, there-
fore, I do not intend to consume much time in
speaking now, but I will give one or two reasons
which operate strongly on my mind in influencing
me to go against my friend from Maryland, with
whom 1 have generally gone on such occasions as
this; though I will not claim the credit of having
always done so. There has been no more im-
portant bill before this body at this session than
the one alluded to, and there will be no more im-
portant one before us. The sacrifice of property
and human life upon steam-vessels has been fear-
ful for years past. This bill has been prepared
with great labor, and after a vast deal of investi-
gation by the Senator from Massachusetts, aided
by gentlemen of intelligence, integrity, and expe-
rience; who are familiar with steamboating. They
have now got it perfected; and I believe that when
the Chamber of Commerce, to which the honor-
able Senator from Maryland has sent the bill,
come to look at it, they will approve of every
item in it. We are drawing njear the close of the
session. A vast deal of property is involved in
the operation of this bill, and the bill itself will
draw out discussion in the House of Representa-
tives. The delay of a day here may jeopard it there.
If the safety of millions of property, if the safety
of thousands of human lives from sacrifice, is an
important reason—and it is, to my mind, very
important—the bill should be taken up.
Mr. ADAMS. I rise for the purpose of making
a single suggestion. It seems to be agreed upon
all hands that it is important to act upon this bill,
and to act upon it at once. As suggested by the
Senator from Texas, the delay of a single day
may defeat its'passage in the House of Represent-
atives. I would suggest to the Senator from Mary-
land that we have already passed more private
bills and other bills this session than in all human
probability will be acted upon in the other House.
If this bill is important, as we all think it to be, if
there is a chance of passing it now, and having it
acted upon in the other House, that, it seems to
me, would be a " sensible" reason for taking it up
and acting upon it now. I beg leave to make this
suggestion. It seems to be agreed on all hands
that it is important to act upon it now, and equally
agreed that we should act upon the Private Cal-
endar one day in the week. I propose, then, that,
by common consent, we meet to-morrow, and
spend at least one Saturday in session. After the
great number of holidays, it seems to me that no
Senator who desires to discharge his duty to the
country will hesitate to meet to-morrow-> and take
up the Private Calendar, and transact the business
which, u der the rale, should have co-me up to-
day.
Mr. MALLORY. I would be very glad to see
a day set apart for the' consideration of the bill of
the Senator from Massachusetts; but I should also
be glad if the Senate abstain from taking it up
now. Prom the examination which I have given
to it, with all due deference to the-opinion of the
honorable Senator who advocates it, I think that
the important end which he seeks here, may be
attained by other means than those embodied in
this bill. It undertakes, if my reading of it be
correct, to define in the most minute manner the
duties of the owners of vessels propelled by steam,
and provides,even to their engines, valves, boats,
&c., for the safety of passengers. It strikes roe,
that the end to be attained might be reached more
safely and philosophically, by embodying some
broad provision in the bill, by which the owners
of steam passenger vessels will be held account-
able for losses, and leaving to them what means
they choose to employ, in this age of progress,
when almost every week brings forth some im-
provement in steam machinery, to attempt to
shackle improvements by any legislation of this
kind, seem's to be unwise. It seems to me, that
the owners of vessels should be left to employ
what means, engineers, and pilots they please,
but on their risk and responsibility; and that we
should adopt the plan—which I believe prevails
in England to a considerable extent—of holding
them responsible for damages, and leaving them
to the employment of such means as they think
proper. The bill contemplates the appointment
of some twenty or forty inspectors of boilers and
hulls of vessels, upon whose certificates 
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the Senator what
the question is? I suggest to him that his remarks
are not pertinent to the question before the Sen-
ate.
Mr. MALLORY. The question is, whether
the bill shall be taken up. I ar  giving some rea-
sons why it should not be taken up now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the Senator is in order.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say, then, that if the
plan which I propose can be reached, if the safety
.of life in vessels propelled by steam can bereaehed,
by other means than this special legislation,it will
be in harmony with the progress of the age, and
be better attained. At present we have the influ-
ence of owners of steamboats between us and
damage and loss. We propose now to substitute
for that self-interest some thirty or forty inspect-
ors of th'e hulls of vessels and machinery, upon
whose discretion the lives and property of citizens
of the Umted States will depend; for upon that
discretion, wisely or not, will vessels be empow-
ered to navigate the high seas by steam. I there-
fore ask that the bill may not be taken up to-
day.
The motion to postpone the execution of the
special order for this day, for the purpose of taking
up the bill named, was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 29, noes 4.
SAFETY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAMBOATS.
The Senate then took up the bill entitled " A
bill to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide
for the better security of the lives of passengers
on board of vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam.'"
l'he PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) This bill has been reported from the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, with a
great number of amendments. If it be the pleas-
ure of the Senate, the bill will be read section by
section.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the bill will be read
section by section.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think that will be a very
slow process, and I would suggest to the Senator
from Indiana, that unless there is some special ob-
jection to particular amendments which have been
made in Committee of the Whole, we had better
'act on the whole'together. My impression is,
that the Senate are disposed to sustain the amend-
ments as they now stand, and it will save a great
deal of time if we can act on the amendments as
a whole, except there may be a wish to modify
some particular amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no anxiety in relation
to the course that j? pursued, further than that I
