838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
"4th. The great distance which troops have now to be
transported in going to and from the several posts.
"This is a very important item. Owm^to thesroallness
of our army, changes of station are very frequent, and in-
stead of being made, as they formerly weie, by water, they
are now made by land When it is recollected what a vast
amount of tiansportation is necessary for an army on along
inarch, when not onlv their baggage, but supples of every
kind (including provision for their daily consumption) must
be earned with them, some idea may be formed of the ex-
pense attending the>e changes of station. The above facts
will serve, m some degree, to e\plam the great increase
that has taken place in the expenditures of that depaitment.
For fuller explanations on this subject, I refer to the accom-
panying report of the quartermaster general.
" ft is probable, however, that m sAme instance*, the ex-
penditures both of the Quartermaster's and the eommissaiy
depaitments may have been increased by maladministra-
tion. The transactions of both these department-, involves
such a variety of details, and their agents are <sn far removed
from the supervision of their chiefs, that abuses may exist
a long time before they are discovered. Every eil'oit, how-
ever, has been used to deteet these abuses, and to pi event
their recmrence. Inspections have been sent to the fron-
tier^ to inquire into the manner in which theafT.uisof these
departments are administered, and a limd seimniv into ac
counts has been oideied I regret to say that the depait-
ment has some reasons to fear that its apprehensions on tins
subject weie not altogether without foundation.
"From statements* carefully prepared by the different
bureaus of this department, it appear* that the increased
expenditures in tne nnnv, resulting from our newlv-ac-
quiredtei ritoiy(includin«Tcxas)amoiinted to $4,556,709 75.
" Congress, at their la-t session, omitted to piovide for a
deficiency which was aseeitained to exist in the appropria-
tions for the quartennastei's department for theyeai ending
30th June la*t. Kertous embarrassments would have
suited to the service from this omi-^ion, had theie not ex-
ited some unexpended balances of former appropuation<
which, under the act of August <iG, 1&42, weie transferred
to-the qiiarterrna«tei 's department. Con^rcs* also reduced
all the items of appropriations but one, for the same depart-
ment, for the cuirent fiscal year endingOOth June rmt, fifty
per cent, below the, c tiinateft; the con-betjuenco of winch
is, that the appropriations for that department are entirely
inadequate to its wants, and that Congress will be called
upon, at an eaily period, to supply the deficiency.
"• Congress having clearly manifested a detei ruination to
reduce, as far as possible, the expenditures of the anny, I
felt it my duty, as far as was practicable, to miry their
views into effect. I have acnoidnujly labored to refotin
abuses, to euloice ngidlyall regulations lookmsjto econo-
my, and to idrench even unnecessary expense."
.But it is in the ifetn of transportation, as every
man knows, who has paid any attention to this
subject, from which this large inciease of expendi-
ture occurs. INow, is the {Secretary of War and
the President responsible for theeow^ue&t of New
Mexico, California, and Oregon ? Do you expect
to make this vast addition to your empire, and
perform the duties which you have engaged to per-
form in giving protection to the people there from
the savage tribes that inhabit those Territories,
and execute your treaty stipulations with IVew
Mexico, by preventing the savage tribes from
making incursions into their territory, without an
addition to the annual expendituies in the military
service?
Mr. SWEIiiTSRR. It will be recollected by
gentlemen who served in the last Congress, that
when the civil and diplomatic bill was under con-
sideration before this House, a large item, amount-
ing to about §3,500,000 was stricken down, after
a full and fair discussion of the question in the
House, and that they chinned that something had
been gained by the manner m which they had dis-
posed of that bill. It will be remembered, that the
distinguished gentlemen, who took a part in that
discussion, and more particularly the honorable
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Durt,] at
the head of the Military Committee, then avowed
to the House and country, that there were abuses
m the quartermaster's department of the army
which required not only the action of the House
then, but at a subsequent session of Congress.
That promise was made, not only to the Ad-
ministration, but pledged to the country, that
the time had come when the representatives of
the people would clamor at these abuses • and in
order to redeem that pledge, we find the Com-
nuttee of Ways and Means of the present House
of Representatives bringing forward a deficiency
bill, which sanctions what we condemned by mir
act in the last Congress—sanctioning the very ex-
penditures which were then stricken out in the
civil and diplomatic bill, by adding #500,000 to
the aggregate amount. At this session we find the
present Committee of Ways and Means coming-
forward and asking this House of Representative!
to appropriate $3,000,000 by way of a deficiency
bill, not only to sanction the extravagance of the
various departments of the General Government
but to sanction their contracts, made without au-
whfin^ JaW' T -m °pen vlolation of law, i
when the House had given notice, that they were !
to remedy these abuses. This question overrides
all party considerations. It is a question amount-
ing simply to this: whether, under the forms of
making appropriations as the representatives of
the people here, we are compelled or called upon
to surrender those functions placed in our hands
by the Constitution and the laws of the country,
to the Executive Department of the Government,
and admit that in our action hitherto, in relation
to these matters, that they have been justified in
I expending this money without any authority of
| law, and indeed in violation of law? There is no
: party question in this, and all this attempt to
! shiik responsibility and fix it upon this or that
! branch of the Government, in my judgment,
j amounts to nothing. There should be a respon-
i sibility somewhere; and if properly left to the
j House of Representatives by the Constitution and
law to determine by their action in voting sup-
J plies, it is their duty to see that the appropria-
tions estimated for by the Executive branch of the
i Government are legitimate subjects for a deficien-
cy bill. It is not for us to hunt up the delinquent
[ oificers. The frauds upon the Treasury being ad-
! mitted, as is the case in this debate, the Executive
branch of the Government are bound in the honest
; dischargeof public duty to seewhere the fault lies,
! and to apply the necessary remedy. But as one of
the representatives of the people, I care not where
| it lies. It shall be fixed somewhere; and let the
! friends of the Administration take what course
; they please in reference to the defense of the Ad-
I ministration; I am entitled to withhold my vote
j from the sanction of any measure which seems to be
I so entirely subversive of the independence of the
1 House of Representatives. We hold the purse-
strings of the nation, and we might as well go for-
uaid and formally surrender them up as pass this
deficiency bill. As 1 have said before, we sanction
the course pursued by the Administration directly
in the face of votes at the last Congress. I am
not prepared to make the surrender, as far as I
I am concerned. I am not prepared to surrender
that power which the Constitution has placed in
! our hands, and J do not regard this measure as
being necessary in order to sustain the soldier.
j-Thi  «aiterm&ster\department is a department
I complained of even\>y officers of the army, and I
j have^ now in my possession letters from New
j Mexico, Texas, and the Western frontier, that
| condemn the course pursued by that department.
; If 1 were to read some of these letters, they would
, piobably disturb the minds of the Administra-
j tion.
j 1 he question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I move to reduce the appropriation
! thiee dollars. The gentleman from Indiana, who
1 me on my left, [Mr. Dunham,] indicated
: vei y strongly in the specch he made a few moments
; a5°> tluit you will not strike at public officers
, through the public service. I cannot percieve any
j very etficient way of striking af them otherwise
I jlmn in this particular manner. The Committee of
I Ways and Means in this House have investigated
I the matter, and what is their report? The chair-
i man of the committee says one description ofoffi-
: cers is responsible; the gentleman from New York,
1 [Mr. Buook*,] a member of the committee, says
i General Jesup is responsible; and, I suppose, the
, gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] would de-
. volve the responsibility upon still another class of
officers. What, then, is to be left for the House
to do, except to charge the responsibility either
r x*r 7 Uf>0n the Presillent* or upon the Secretary
jo- VVarr How else are you to reach them, if the
I resident and Secretary do not apply the correct-
ive ? I think I suggested the only way in which
that corrective can be applied, and that is, to re-
, fuse to vote for the appropriations until the House
have an earnest from the President that, in future
the public funds shall not be squandered; and that
! hereafter the appropriations made by Congress
shall not be exceeded. The chairman of the Com-
: mittee of Ways and Means tells you that there
! are abuses. It is said upon all hands that there
are abuses. Let me inquire of you, How is the i
, corrective applied ? Those abuse's were known to
exist two years ago; but what progress has the
themetalT of War made in correcting
I hel L I y0U makJaS the appropriation! I
they call tor, or if you refuse to make the appro-
pna ions pursuant to their estimates, but after-
wards vote deficiency bills to supply the original li
1 .  
| amount of estimates, there never will be a correct-
ive applied. What is the character of these
abuses? My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Gen-
try] says the reason why the expenses in the
quartermaster's department have been increased so
much within the last two years is on account of
transportation. I grant to him that is one very
material item of the increase, but there are other
items. The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, in his speech yesterday, furnishes a
table showing that $100 per month is paid for the
quarters of one or two officers. In other instances,
$81 per month. Here is a sum of jjlOO per month
for quarters for three officers, stationed at Santa
Fe, making, in the aggregate, $1,200 a year paid
by way of rent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Chairman, it has been as-
sumed here, upon all hands, that there are gross
abuses existing in the administration of the Ex-
ecutive Department, or in the quartermaster's de-
partment, reaching to some material amount in
this bill. I deny it. I am not able to go into the
whole matter in a five minutes speech, but 1 am
ready to meet any man who asserts it, hereafter,
upon the floor of this House, and I wish him to
bring his proof.
Sir, theofficers of the army are not dishonest
scoundrels, who would plunder the public Treas-
ury, as has been asserted here. They are honor-
able, high-minded gentlemen, who are under oath
to perform the duties which have been committed
to them.
Why talk about responsibility ? whether it is
with this side of the House or with the other side
of the House? or with the Administration ? Sir,
it is with neither. It is with tliat Executive and
those Congresses that brought about the annexa-
tion oi Texas, the Mexican war, and the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo. You expect to buy a
whistle and not pay the price for it. You annex
Texas and get possession of Oregon, California,
and New Mexico, and expect to pay nothing for
it. Sir, every dollar of this expense was neces-
sary, and has been justly incurred. It makes no
difference to the Administration whether you vote
it or not.
Now, as to the responsibility. Some gentle-
men blame General Jesup. He does not belong
to the Whig party. I do not know him. I never
spoke to him in my life. But I desire to exoner-
ate him, and to say that, so far as this expense
arises from continuing the army on the frontier
for the protection of the country, the Administra-
tion is responsible for it. Those gentlemen, there-
fore, who are attacking the quartermaster's depart-
ment, may reserve their attacks for the Adminis-
tration.
Now, what are the facts of the case' Congress,
at its last session, cut down the estimates for this
service one half. The gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] with all his knowledge concern-
ing military affairs, cannot justify that. It is be-
yond the power of his genius or talents to do it
Nobody can justify it. They struck in the dark,
without information, and cut down the estimates
one half. They were informed at the time by the
VV ar Department, that the way to effect a reduc-
tion of the expenses, was to decrease the'army,
but they refused to do it. I offered an amend-
ment here, that in case the money appropriated
was found insufficient, that then the President
might withdraw the army on the frontier, but the
House voted it down. Mr. Schenck, then a Rep-
resentative from the State of Ohio, and now Min-
ister to Brazil, oifered a similar amendment, and
it, too, was voted down by the gentleman from
Kentucky and those who acted with him. They
refused to withdraw the army or to reduce the
number of troops, but they did reduce the appro-
priation, and that, too, m the face of a letter from
the Department, telling them that the only way in
which the expenses could be decreased, was by a
reduction of the army. Nay, more, sir; they in-
creased every company and mounted two regi-
ments of infantry.
Sir, we are now in a state of war; and that, too,
thousands of miles from the interior of the coun-
try. When Napoleon invaded Russia, his sup-
plies had not so far to go to the scene of opera-
tions as our s now have. Our troops, instead of
shouldering the musket, are now shouldering* the
spade, and cultivating potatoes and corn. At the
poet at Fort Leavenworth last year, they made a
