1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1105
inspect the hull of each steamer belonging to their respect-
ive districts and employed in navigation, and shall satisfy
themselves that each vessel so submitted to their inspection
is of a structure suitable for the service in which she is to
be employed, has suitable accommodations for passengers,
and is in a condition to warrant the belief that she may be
used in navigation as a steamer, with safety to life and
property, and that all the requirements of law in regard to
fires, boats, pumps, hose, life preservers, and other things,
are faithfully complied with; and if they deem itexpedient,
they may direct the vessel to be put in motion, and may
adopt any other suitable means to test her sufficiency and
that of her equipment.
The first proposed amendment in the second
clause of the ninth section was, to insert the words
" not exceeding two hundred pounds to the square
inch," after the word (< which," in the third line,
indicating the limit of pressure which may be pre-
scribed by the owner or master of a vessel.
The amendment was concurred in. -
The next amendment was to insert the words:
That the openings for the pas&age of water and steam,
respectively, and all pipes and tubes exposed to heat are
of proper dimensions and free from obstruction ; that the
spaces between the flues are sufficient, and that the fire
line of the furnace is below the prescribed water line of the
boilers.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was, to insert the words
■c sufficient in number," applying to safety-valves,
and the words—
AH but one of winch may, if necessary, in the opinion of
the inspectors, to secure safety, be taken wholly from the
control of all persons engaged in navigating the vessel.
And the words—
Also a water-gauge and a steam-gauge, of approved
construction, indicating the height of the water and the
pressure of the steam; that upon the upper outside flue of
each outside high-pressure boiler used upon river?, there is
placed, in a satisfactory manner, alloyed metals, fusible by
the heat of the boiler when raised to the highest working-
pressure allowed, and thereby letting steam escape.
Mr. DAVIS. To carry out the object of this
clause, I wish to strike out the words just read,
after the word " allowed," and insert the follow-
ing1
And in or upon the top of the flues of all other boilers
in a steamer, such alloyed metals be placed as aforesaid,
fusing at ten pounds gi eater pressure, thereby in each case
letting steam escape.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. FELCH. I wish to understand from the
chairman of the committee, what is intended by
the expression in this clause? " used upon rivers ?"
I wish to know, whether the same thing is appli-
cable to other waters ?
Mr. DAVIS. It is not the design to make it
applicable to other waters.
Mr. FELCH. Would it not be better to strike
out the words <e used upon rivers," so as to make
it applicable to all waters ? Both high and low-
pressure boilers are used upon the lakes, and it is
a fact, whatever may be the cause, that most of
the accidents have happened upon boats having
high-pressure boilers. Whatever measures may
secure safety upon rivers, I think ought to be em-
ployed upon the lakes also. I suggest, therefore,
to strike out the words " used upon rivers."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and then the amendment as amended was
concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words at the end of the second clause, as follows:
" If a deficiency happens it will be through the
fault of the officers;" and insert the words, " so
that in high-pressure boilers it shall not be less
than four inches above the flue."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer the following as
a proviso at the end of the clause:
Provided, however, If in any steamers hereafter built and
supplied with new boilers and machinery, or in cases of
machinery hereafter made, if the alloy fuses on the outer
boilers at" a pre&sure of ten pounds exceeding the working
pressure allowed, and at twenty pounds above said pres-
sure on the inner boilers, it shall be a sufficient compliance
with this act.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The second clause, as amended, is as follows:
Sccond. They shall also, once in every six months, in-
spect the boilers of such steamers, subjecting them to a
hydrostatic picssure, the limit to which not exceeding two
hundred pounds to the square inch, may be prescribed by
the ownet or the master, and shall satisfy themselves, by
examination and cxpemnental trials, that the boilers are
well made, in an appioved form, of good and suitable ma-
terials; that the openings for the passage of water and
steam, respectively, and all pipes and tubes exposed to heat
are of proper dimensions and free from obstiuction ; that
the spaces between the flues are sufficient, and that the
fiie-line of the surface is below the prescribed water-line
of the boilers; and that such boilers, and the machinery,
and the appurtenances, may be safely employed in the ser-
vice proposed in the written application, without peril to
life 01 property. And shall also satisfy themselves that the
safety-valves are of suitable dimensions, sufficient m num-
ber, well arranged, and in good working order, all but one
of which may, if necessary, in the opinion of the inspect-
ors, to sccure safety, be taken wholly from the control of
all persons engaged m navigatingthe vessel; that there is
a suitable number oi gauge-cocks inserted in the most ap-
proved manner; also, a water-gauge and a steam gauge of
approved construction, indicating the height of the water
and the pressure of the steam ; that upon the upper or out-
side flue of each outside high-presaure boiler, there is
placed, in a satisfactory manner, alloyed metals, fusible by
the heat of the boiler when raised to the highest woikmg
pressure allowed, and in or upon the top of the flues of all
other boilers in a steamer, such alloyed metals be placed
as afbresaid, fusing at ten pounds greater pressure, thereby
m each case letting steam escape; and that adequate and
certain provision is made for an ample supply of water to
feed the boilers at all times, whether the vessel is in mo-
tion or not, so that in high-pressure boilers it shall not he
less than four inches above the flue: Provided, however,
If in any steamers hereafter built and supplied with new
boilers and machinery, or m cases of machinery hereafter
made, if the alloy fuses on the outer boilers at a pressure
of ten pounds exceeding the working pressure allowed,
and at twenty pounds above said pressure on the inner
boilers, it shall be a sufficient compliance with this act.
The next amendment was in the third clause of
the ninth section, and was to strike out the words:
Third. That in subjecting to the hydrostatic tefet afore-
said, boilers called and usually known under the designa-
tion of high-pressure boilers, the inspectors shall assume
one hundred pounds to the square inch as the maximum
pressure allowable as a working power for a new boiler,
made of the best materials and in the best manner, of plates
at least one fouith of an inch thick, and shall rate the
working power of all high-pressure boilers according to
their strength, compared with tins standard ; and in sub-
jecting to the test aforesaid that class of boilers usually desig-
nated and known as low-pressure boilers, the said inspect-
or shall assume fifty pounds to the square inch as the max-
imum working power of a new boiler, made of the best of
materials and in the best manner, and shall rate all low-
pressure boilers according to their strength, compared with
this standard : Provided, however, That no boiler of any
description shall be rated over one third of the test applied
as afbresaid; nor shall any—
And insert:
Third. That in subjecting to the hydrostatic test aforesaid,
boilers called and usually known under the designation of
high-pressure boilers, the inspectors shall assume one hun-
dred and ten pounds to the square inch as the maximum
pressme allowable as a working power for a new bojlcr
forty-two inches in diameter, made of inspected iron plates
at least one fourth of an inch thick, m the best manner,
and of the quality herein required, and shall rate the work-
ing power of all high-pressure boilers, whether of greater
or less diameter, old or new, according to their strength
compared with this standard; and in subjecting to the test
aforesaid that class of boilers usually designated and
known as low-pressure boilers, the said inspectors shall
assume fifty pounds pressure to the square inch as the
maximum working power upon a new boiler of medium
size, made of the material and in the manner aforesaid, and
shall rate all low pressure boilers, whether greater or less,
old or new, according to their strength compared with this
standard : Provided, That no such boilers of either descrip-
tion hereafter made shall be rated over the said stand.ud
piescnbed, and in all cases the4working power allowed
shall be to the test applied as one hundred and ten to two
hundied : Jlnd p-ovided further, The same rule shall be
observed in regard to boilers previously made, unless the
proportion between any such boilers and the cylinder or
some other cause renders it manifest ihat its application
would be unjust, in which cases the inspectors may depart
from it, if it can be done with safety.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the residue of
the clause by inserting the word ''shall" after
the word "circumstances."
The amendment was agreed to, and the con-
cluding portion of the third clause of the ninth
section, as thus amended, was as follows:
' And no valve, under any circum&tanccs, shall be loaded
or so managed, fn any way, as to subject the boiler to a
greater pressure than the amount allowed by the inspect-
ors; nor shall any boiler or pipe be approved which is
made of bad material, or is unsafe fiom its form, oi danger-
ous from defective workmanship, age, use, or any other
cause.
The next amendment was to strike out from the
fourth clause of the same section the following:
That she was built in the year ; that she is, m
all respects, sca-worthy, having suitable accommodations
for not exceeding passengers, of all classes, and sat-
isfactory means of escape from the main to the upper deck,
m case of fiie, or other accident endangering life; that her
boilers were made in the year , (t/ o} iron) of good
wrought iron, equal to the best quality of charcoal iron, not
less than one fourth of an inch thick; that we have sub-
jected them to a test pressuieof pound* to the squaie
inch, as piovuled for by law: that we allow, as the maxi-
mum woiking power, in no case to be exceeded 
pounds to the square inch, which neither exceeds one third
of thete^tpieh&uie aforesaid, nor the pressure allowed to a
standard boiler; that we have adjusted and airanged the
weights regulating the valves, a£ follows, to wit: 
 • that the number and ariangcment of the gauge-cocks
is satisfactory ; that the provisions for supplying the boil-
ers with water are ample and certain, if not neglected j
that the machinery is in good working order—
And insert:
That she was built in the year , is in all respects
staunch, seaworthy, and in good condition for navigation,
having suitable means of escape in case-of accident from
the main to the upper deck; that she is provided with—-(here
insert the number of state-rooms, the number of berths
therein, the number of other permanent berths far .cabin
passengers, the number of berths for deck or other classes
of passengers, the number of passengers of each class for
whom she has suitable accommodations, and the number of
each whomsheis permitted to carry; also, the number, form,
dimensions, and material of which each boileris made,-and
when made—if made after this act-takes eflept, and of iron,
whether they are such in all respects as the act requires,
whether each boiler lias been tried by- hydrostatic test, the
amount of pressuie to the square inch in pounds applied to
it, whether the amount allowed as the maximum working
power was deteimmed by the rule prescribed by this act.
if not, the reason for a departure from it; also, the number,
of safety-valves required, their capacity, the load prescribed
for each valve, how many are left in the control of the per-
sons navigating the vessel, how many, if any, are .with-
drawn, and the manner of securing them against interfer-
ence; also, tho number and dimensions of supply-pipe^,
and whether they and the other means provided are suffi-
cient at all times and under all circumstances, when in good
order, to keep the water up four inches at least above the
top of the flue; also, the number and dimension's of the
steam -pipes, the number and kind of engines; the dimen-
sions of their cylinders ; the number and capacity of the
forcing-pumps, and how worked j the number and kind of
gauge-cocks, water and steam-gauges, where situate, and
how secured; the equipments for the extinguishment of
fires, including hose, fire-bucketSj and axes, the provisions
for saving life in ease of accident, including boats, life-pre-
servers, and substitutes therefor, where kept, and all other
provisions made on board for the security of the lives of
passengers.) And we further certify.
Mr. DAVIS. There are one or two other
slight amendments that are rendered necessary, in
consequence of some amendments which were
adopted the other day. The first is, to insert in
the one hundredth and ninetieth line, after the
word if made," the words,44 the thickness of the
metal."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. DAVIS. I further move to amend the
amendment by inserting the word ** under," at
the end of the two hundred and fourth line. This
is a mere clerical error.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question then recurred on concurring in the
amendment as thus amended, and it was concurred
in.
The next amendment was, to insert after the
word " pumps," in line two hundred and eighteen,
the words, "and other means to keep the water
up to the point aforesaid."
The amendment was concurred in, and the
fourth clause of the ninth section, as amended,
stood as follows:
Fourth. That when the inspection m detail is completed,
and the inspectors approve of tho vessel and her equipment
thioughout, they shall make and subscribe a certificate to
the collector of the district, substantially as follows:
State of , District of :
Application having been made in writing by ;-to the
subscribers, inspectors for said district, to examine the
steamer , of , whereof are owners, and ->— is
master, we having performed that service, now, on this——*
day of , A. D.— , do certify that she was built zxi the
year , is in all respects staunch, seaworthy, and i  good
condition for navigation, having suitable means of escape,
in case of accident, from the mam to the upper deck; that
she is provided with—(here insert the number of state-
rooms, the number of berths therein, the number of other
permanent berths for cabin passengers, the number of berths
for deck or other classes of passenger*, the number of pas-
sengers of each class for whom she has suitable accommo-
dations, and the number of each of whom .she" is permitted
to carry; also, the number, form, dimensions, and material
of which each boiler is made, the thickness of the metal,
and when made—if made after this act takes effect, and of
iron, whether they are such in all respect-* as the act requires,
whether each boiler has been tried by hydrostatic test, the
amount of pressure to the square inch in pounds applied to
it, whether the amount allowed as the maximum working
power was determined by the rule prescribed by this act,
if not, the reason for a departure from it; also, the number
of safety-valves required, their capacity, the load prescribed
for each valve, how many are left in the control of the
persons navigating the vessel, how many, if any, are
withdrawn, and the manner of securing them against in-
terference; al*o, tho number and dimensions of supply
pipes, and whether they and the other means provided are
suflicientat all times, and under all circumstances, when in
good order, to keep the water up four inches at least above
the top of the flue ; also, the number and dimensions of tbfi
steam-pipes, the number and kind of engines; the dimen-
sions of their cylinders; the number and capacity of the
forcing pumps, and how worked ; the number and kind of
gauge-cock^, water and steam-gauges, where situate and
how seemed; the equipments for the extinguishment of
fires, including hose, fire-buckets, and axes; the piovisions
for saving life m cayc of accident, including boats, hfe-
preseivers, and substitutes therefor, where kept, and all
