1706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
other provisions made on board for the security of the lives
of passengers.) And we further certify, that the equip-
ment of the vesseUhroughout, including pipes, pumps, and
# other means to Keep the water up to the point aforesaid,
hose, boats,life-preservers, and other things, is in conform-
ity to the provisions of law; and that we declare it to be
our deliberate conviction, founded upon the inspection
whieh we have made, that the vessel may be employed as
a steamer upon the waters named in the application,"with-
out peril to life or property frOm any imperfection of form,
, materials, workmanship, or arrangement of the several
parts, or from age or use. And we further certify, that said
vessel1 is to run within the following limits to wit: from
 to and back, touching at intermediate places,
^ and which certificate shall be verified by the oaths of the
inspectors signing it before a person competent by law to
administer oaths. And in case the said inspectors do not
grant a certificate of approval, they shall state in writing,
and sign the same, their reasons for their disapproval.
The fifth, clause of the section was amended,
by striking out the-following:
((The said inspectors shall keep a regular record of cer-
tificates, whether of approval or disapproval, and when
recorded ; the originals shall be delivered to the collector,
and they shall keep a like record of all appointments made-
under tins act, and all revocations of appointments, and
shall communicate to the collector all such appointments
and removals"—
And inserting the following instead:
Upon the application of the master or owner of any
steamer employed only in the navigation of rivers, for a
license to carry gunpowder, oil or spiiits of turpentine, oil
of vitriol, camphene, or other explosive burning fluids,and
materials which ignite by friction, or either of them, the
inspectors shall examine >uch vessel, and if they find tbatshe
is provided with chcsts or safes, composed of metal, or en-
tirely lined therewith, or one or more apartments thorough-
ly lined with metal, at a secure distance from any fire, they
may grant a certificate to that effect, arid authorizing such
vessel to carry as freight any of the articles aforesaid, those
of each description to be securcd in such chest, safe, or
apartment containing no other article, and carried at a dis-
tance from any fire to be specified in the certificate : Pro-
vided, That any such.certificate may be revoked or an-
nulled at any time by the inspectors, upon proof that either
of the said articles have been carried on hoard said vessel,
at a place or i 11 a manner not authorized by such certificate,
or that any of* the provisions of this act in relation thereto
have been violated. The said inspectors filial! keep a regular
record of certificates of inspections of vessels, their boilers,
engines and machinery, wheihcrof approval or disapproval,
and when recorded, the original shall bedelivered to the col-
lector of the district; they shall .keep a like jrecord of cer-
tificates authorizing gunpowder, oil or spirits of turpen-
tine, oil of vitriol, camphene, or other explosive burning
fluids, and materials which ignite by friction, or either of
them to be carried as freight, and when recorded deliver the
originals to said collector; they shall keep a like record of
ail licenses to pilots and engineers, and all revocations
thereof, and shall from time to time report in wilting their
decisions on all applications for such licenses, or proceed-
ings for the revocation thereof.
^ The amendment to the sixth clause of the sec-
tion, by inserting "except ferry-boats," after
" steamer," was concurred in.
The clause, as amended, reads as follows:
Sixth. The inspectors shall appoint and classify all en-
gineers and pilots, and determine how many are necessary
tor each steamer, except ferry-boats, nnd of what classes.
The following proviso, to be added at the end of
the eighth clause, was concurred in:
Provided, however, If in cases of refusal to license engi-
neers or pilots, and in cases of removal by the local board of
inspectors, any engineer or pilot deeming himself wronged
by such refusal, or such removal, may, on application with-
in thirty days to a supervising inspector, have his case ex-
amined anew by such supervising inspector, upon pro-
ducing a certified copy of the reasons assigned by the local
board forthetr doings in the premises; and such supervising
inspector may, if he sees good reasons therefor, overrule the
decision of such local board of inspectors; and like pro-
ceedings upon the same conditions may be had by the
master or owner of any vessel, for which the said local
board refuses, upon inspection, to give a certificate of ap-
proval."
The amendment proposed by the Committee of
the "Whole to the ninth clause, being the substitu-
tion of a new one for the clause as it originally
stood, having been read,
Mr. DAVIS said: I am opposed to that amend-
ment, and before the ninth clause is stricken out
by the Senate, I propose to amend it slightly, by
striking out all after the word " until,"and insert-
ing " licenses can be obtained."
The motion was agreed to, and the clause re-
ported by the committee was rejected.
The clause, as amended, is as follows:
Ninth. It shall be unlawful for any person to employ,
or any person to serve as engineer or pilot, who is not li-
censed by the inspectors; and anyone so offending shall
foifeit $100 for each offense: Provided, however, That if a
vessel leaves her port with a complement of engineers and
pilots, and on her voyage is deprived of their services, or
the services of any of them, without the consent, fault, or
collusion of the master, owner, or any one interested in the
vessel, the deficiency may be temporarily supplied until li-
censes can be obtained.
^ Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to amend line 349, by
striking out the words " arriving and departing,"
and inserting " on their arrival."
Mr. DAVIS. May I inquire the reason for
offering that amendment?
, Mr. BRIGHT. The reason is, that the section
irow requires that all steamers shouid be examined
on "arriving and departing." My object is to
have them at once examined on arrival, by the
officer to whom this business is intrusted, for this
reason: The masters of vessels might be greatly
prejudiced by an examination after their boats are
freighted and about to proceed on their trips.
There are instances of port officers having re-
quired vessels to unload, preparatory ,to an exam-
ination, on the ground that they were not sea-
worthy; whereas, if they had made the examina-
tion on the arrival in port of the vessel, all this
labor and expense would have been saved.
Mr. DAVIS. The only objection 1 have to the
proposed amendment, is that it seems to me that
it limits the authority to visit a vessel except upon
her arrival. Now, there may be a necessity for
visiting a vessel at other times than merely on her
an;ival. My object is not that the inspectors
should be limited to the visiting of a vessel only
on her arrival or departure, but that they should
have power to make these visits at such times as
they may think necessary. Jt does not call upon
these officers to visit vessels when they arrive or
depart, but to visit and examine steamers arriving
and departing.
Mr. BRIGHT. But an officer may abuse his
authority, and cause a captain of a vessel to un-
load even when he has got all his cargo aboard.
Mr. DAVIS. If an inspector should abuse his
power, then he ought to be removed from office.
I think the clause is better as it is. It leaves the
matter to the convenience and discretion of the in-
spector to make his visit when he has time to do
so. I do not-want to limit the time, as proposed;
and I think no gentleman here would more regret
to make a provision that might be prejudicial to
the interests of any party than I would.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no doubt that if a party
should violate his authority, it would be a good
cause of removal; but that would be no satisfac-
tion to a master or owner of a vessel after the in-
jury was done. My attention has-been called to
the matter, and I wish to make the alteration be-
cause of an instance of a most arbitrary exercise
of power on the part of an officer. It occurred to
me, therefore, that it would be better that officers
should exercise this power on the arrival of ves-
sels, and if the Senator from Massachusetts will
reflect a moment, I think he will concur with me
in the opinion, that the limitation is not an un-
necessary one.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose the Senator should pro-
pose to insert, after the word "examine," the
word 4* seasonably." I think that would obviate
the difficulty.
Mr. BRIGHT. Very well; I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. CHASE. I am inclined to think that will
scarcely reach the object aimed at by the Senator
from Indiana. His object is to guard against the
arbitrary action of the inspectors in examining
boats, from time to time, as they may see fit, and
to limit them to an examination at the time of the
arrival of the vessel. If they are required to ex-
amine them seasonably, it will be taken to require
an examination more than once. Whereas, as I
understand the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr.
Davis,] he wishes that the inspectors may use
their discretion as to the time of making the ex-
amination of the vessel. It strikes me, it would
be as well to insert after the word "arriving,"
the words " as often as may benecessary." That
would meet the wishes of the Senator from Indi-
ana, without departing from the general object of
the bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am satisfied with the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Massachusetts. I
think it will obviate th.e difficulty existing in my
mind. The officers will then have power to ex-
amine a vessel at any time after its arrival. My
object is simply to have the examination made
before she isv freighted for a second trip. I am
therefore willing to accept the suggestion of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CHASE. I have no disposition to press
any modification if, upon reflection, the Senator
from Indiana thinks that modification will meet
his object. But I ask him to reflect whether it
will, if the word "seasonably" be inserted, and
the words "arriving and departing" be retained.
I suggest that the inspectors may conceive that it
is necessary for them to examine the vessel when
it arrives and when it departs, thus making two
examinations. That is not the object which the
bill seeks to accomplish; yet I apprehend that
would be the construction placed upon it. How-
ever, as the Senators from Massachusetts and In-
diana are satisfied, I acquiesce'.
The amendment to the amendment, by insert-
ing the word " seasonably," was agreed to.
The tenth clause of the ninth section, as amended,
is as follows:
Tenth, In addition to the semi-annual inspection, it
shall be the duty of the said board to examine seasonabfy
steamers arriving and departing, so often as to enable them
to detect any neglect to comply with the requirements of
law, and also any defects or imperfections becoming appa-
rent after the inspection aforesaid, and tending to render
the navigation of the vessel unsafe, which service may be
performed by one of the board; and if he shall discover an
omission to comply with the law, or that repairs have be-
come necessary to make the vessel safe, he shall at once
notify the master, stating in the notice what is required jand
if the master deems the requirement unreasonable or unne-
cessary, he may take the opinion of the board thereon,
which shall be final; and if he shall refuse or neglect to
comply with their requirement, and shall, contrary thereto,
employ the vessel by navigating her, she shall be liable to
the same penalties as ifshe had been run without a license;
and all inspections and orders shall be promptly made by the
inspectors} and where it can be safely done m their judg-
ment, they shall permit repairs to be made when those in-
terested can most conveniently do it; and no inspectors of
one district shall modify or annul the doings of the inspect-
ors of another district, in regard to repairs, unless there is
a change in the state of things demanding-more repairs than
were thought necessary when the order was made ; nor
shall the inspectors of one district appoint a person coming
from another, if such person has been rejected for unfitness
or want of qualifications.
The amendment reported by the Committee of
the Whole, to strike out of the 397th and 398th
lines the word " collector," and insert,
Chief officer of the customs, and the said chief officer
of the customs shall pay out of the revenues herein provid-
ed, such sums to any witness so summoned under the pro-
visions of this act, for his actual travel and attendance, as
shall be officially certified by an inspector hearing the case,
upon the back of the summons, not exceeding.the rates al-
lowed to a witness for -travel and attendance in a magis-
trate's court, in the State wherein.the examination is had—
was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to amend the amend-
ment just adopted, by striking out the words,
" magistrate's court," and inserting, " the circuit
or district court of the United States." The
amendment will merely have the effect of giving
witnesses summoned before the board, the same
wages as they would receive if summoned before
the circuit and district courts. In some of the
magistrates' courts, witnesses are only paid twen-
ty-five cents per dim. V
The motion was agreed to.
The clause, as amended, is as follows:
Twelfth. The said board of inspectors shall have power
to summon before them witnesses, and to examine them
under oath, touching the performance of their duties, by
engineers and pilots; and if it shall appear satisfactorily
that any engineer or pilot is incompetent, or that life or
property has been placed m peril by reason of such incom-
petency, or by negligence or misconduct on the part of any
such person, the board shall immediately suspend him and
report their doings to the chief officer of the customs, and
the said chief officer of the customs shall pay out of the
revenues herein provided such sums to any witness so sum -
moned under the provisions of this act, for his actual travel
and attendance, as shall be officially certified by any inspect-
or hearing the case, upon the back of the summons,"not ex-
ceeding the rates allowed to a witness for travel and attend-
ance m the circuit or district court of the United States m
the State wherein the examination is had.
The thirteenth clause, as amended, was con-
curred in, as follows:
Thirteenth. That the said board shall report promptly
all their doings to the chief officer of the customs, as well
as all omissions or refusals to comply with the provisions
of law on the part of any owner or master of a vessel pro-
pelled in whple or in part by steam.
Mr. DAVIS, lam requested tomakeanamend-
men t in the fourteenth division of the ninth section,
relating to the duties of engineers and pilots. It
is to insert "and all mates," after the word
" pilots."
The amendment was agreed to, and the section
as amended, was concurred in, as follows:
Fourteenth. That it shall at all times be the duty of all en-
gineers, pilots, and mates appointed under this act, to assi?t
the inspectors in the examination of the vessels to which
any such engineer or pilot or mate belongs, and to point out
all defects and imperfections in the hull or apparatus for
steaming, and also to make known to them, at the earliest
opportunity, all accidents occasioning serious injury to the
vessel or her equipment, whereby life or property may be
