842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
sponsible for that, or is Congress responsible, for
not having anticipated and appropriated all sums
needful to carry on the Government, and to en-
able it to discharge its duties everywhere. Why,
sir, we have made a great many mistakes. This
matter of deficiency in the army appropriation is
but one item of the abundance of those m this
bill. Who is responsible ? Why the Congress of
the United States is responsible. My friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Vemable] insists that this
House ought to vindicate its rights and power—
that the President of the United States had no
right to expend money that was not appropriated.
Agreed: He cannot get a dollar out of the Treas-
ury until this Congress appropriates it; but, I say
that he has no authority to disband the army—he
has no right to issue orders in New Mexico until
there shall be some formal instruction to that
effect—until the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment shall give him authority to disband the army.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Are the items gen-
erally in this bill under discussion ?
The CHAIRMAN. They are not.
Mr. SWEETSER moved, pro forma, to reduce
the appropriation of fifteen dollars.
I do not intend to blink the question, inasmuch
as the gauntlet has been thrown down by the hon-
orable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry.]
I desire to say to him, and to this House, that I am
among those men—and I think that they are nu-
merous here—that intend to record their votes upon
the yeas and nays against this bill, whatever may
be the consequences involved. I desire it to be
understood by the gentleman and this House, that
there are men here who are determined to vindi-
cate their independence as representatives of the
people, by a record that will clearly show that
they have not stultified themselves and surrendered
to Executive delinquency, the trust reposed in
them as representatives of the people. They are
not to be driven from a position they have deliber-
ately taken. All this caviling in relation to whom
the responsibility rests, in my judgment, does not
relieve this Administration from that just responsi-
bility resting upon its Executive head. For what
purpose does the present Executive hold that
office ? It is for the purpose of seeing that the laws
passed by Congress are faithfully executed. The
Executive branch being controlled by the Presi-
dent, armed with the power of appointing his Cab-
inet and removing them at pleasure, is responsi-
ble to the country for their acts; and it being the
duty of the head of the War Department to en-
force ail honest and faithful discharge of duty by
the heads of bureaus and officers in command of
the army, there ought not to be any caviling
about the responsibility. Make the President di-
rectly responsible to this House and the country,
by withholding supplies, and the delinquents will
be ferreted out, and the proper remedy applied.
We certainly have the right to do so. Let us show
we hare, and disappoint the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee. Has it come to this, that a friend
of the Administration dares Congress to withhold
the supplies provided for in this deficiency bill?
If so, let us vindicate ourselves by recording our
votes against this bill, and take the responsibility.
Mr. GENTRY. If the gentleman will allow me
to interrupt him a moment. Do I understand the
gentleman to make an imputation against the Pre-
sident because lie has not spent all of the money
that has been given to him > [Laughter.] He has
executed the law, and now asks for more money,
that he may continue to do so. Here is a conflict
of laws.—not a conflict of laws, indeed.—but there
is a conflict between the existing laws, and that
leap in the dark, that reform, retrenchment made
at the last session of Congress. He has not dis-
banded your army, nor has he violated the treaty
but he has spent the money that you have given
him, and applied it to the purpose contemplated-
and now asks for that needful to enable him to
execute the law, to execute the treaty.
Mr. SWEETSER. I hope, Mr. Chairman,
that the gentleman's speech will not be taken out
of my time. [Laughter.] I will not be diverted
from the point I made. It was not my intention
ill answering, to point the item of misapplication.'
I could not do so in a fhe minute speech. The
executive branch of the Government has not been
required to do any acts or perform any service
that has not been fully provided for by Congress
The charge is, money has been diverted from its'
legitimate object of appropiation; has been squan-
dered, and the public service disgraced. And now
Congress isasked to sanction theact by providing
the means to defray expenses inclined, and con-
tracts made, without authority of law, overriding
the solemn rebuke given by the action of the last
Congress; and we are told that we dare not record
our names against such a bill, and thereby fix the
responsibility where it properly belongs. There
is no way of avoiding it. And hence it is, that
all of the special pleading in relation to whether
this responsibility should be fixed upon this or
i upon that department, shows the impossibility of
. fixing it anywhere, unless you hold the Executive
1 of the country responsible for the mal-admimstra-
' tion of law. I agree with my friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Okk,] that there is the point to
place it. It is for him to trace out abuses, and if
i he has not the power to remedy the evils that exist
j he should call upon Congress for the passage of
such laws as will enable him to put an end to
( them. When the gentleman makes the point that
1 this is the first case in the history of the Govern-
ment, when a deficiency bill has been defeated, I
say that I am not willing that it shall be the last
case. Let the Representatives of the people deter-
mine, when they have solemnly adjudicated the
matter, that no executive in this country shall
override their solemn decision—that he shall not
enter into contracts for the purpose of afterwards
asking in a deficiency bill what had before been
refused. That is the point I make.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I have abstained from taking
part in the debate this morning, because it has
been generally irrelevant; and furthermore, be-
cause it was my desire to get action upon the bill
I at as early a time as possible. That is yet my
1 desiie. I do not intend to mingle in this debate,
unless I think something I may say will have the
; tendency to give an explanation of the item that
| may be assailed. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Gormax] commented, with a good deal of
j rigidness, upon the item asked for California; and
j he goes on, and charges that $81,000 have been
taken from that appropriation against law, which
we are now called upon to come forward and
sanction. He wishes to know why it is done.
If the gentleman from Indiana had paid the least
attention to the documents furnished; if he had
attempted to inform himself upon the subject, he
certainly would not have committed the blunder
he has, which in my opinion is an egregious one—
as to the amount of the item in controversy.
Every one knows, and no one knows better than
my friend, that the soldiers when they are dis-
charged, who have not consumed their allowance
in clothing, have a right to commute it and re-
ceive money in lieu of it. Until within some
two years past, an estimate has regularly been
made to every session of Congress, for a sum
to meet the commutation for" the clothing of
the soldiers. For the last two years, that ap-
propriation was omitted, and then the $81,000
was taken, but not against law. The paymaster
paid tlie commutation—and when they came to
settle their accounts, this amount was charged,
: as it should be, to the clothing account to meet
that payment. That is the reason why the $81,000
is gone, because it was an allowance for clothing,
i and a commutation having been paid by the pay-
i master's depaitment; and that, according to the
regulations of the department in the settlement of
accounts, was chargeable to the appropriation for
clothing.
The gentleman from Indiana says we have plenty
of wagons, teams, and mules, and why can we not
furnish transports? If the gentleman had looked
at these estimates, he would have found that the
largest estimate now asked for, for the quartermas-
ter s service, is forage for these very mules and
animals furnishing transports. How can your
animals make your transports, unless you give
them something to keep them up? Here is an item
of >.800,000 or §900,000 for the forage of that very
transport; and that is not all; for under the head
of transportation, upon the first of January, there
was only about $10,000 in the Treasury to meet
outstanding liabilities. Why, but the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] says it was the
duty of the President to put the troops in barracks.
I will ask the gentleman, if you put the troops in
barracks, does that save them from eatinc? And
! visions to them r If you will stop their mouths, you
j may save supplies; and you will in the same way
| save the transports. Gentlemen contend that they
' are willing to pay the army, and they say that the
soldiers get their pay under another appropria-
tion. But they get their clothing, or the clothing
is intended to be appropriated for in this very bill.
You refuse the money to give them clothes, and
you all say there is plenty to eat. We have the
mules and wagons to carry our transpoits, but
then we have nothing to feed the mules. All
these things are to be left out, merely because
there has been a waste, in the estimation of gen-
tlemen.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HALL moved a pro forma amendment to
reduce the appropriation ten dollars.
He said: The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] and the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] have endeavored to impress upon the
minds of this committee, that the refusal to pass
this bill would deprive the army in New Mexico,
and Texas, and California, of the horses and
mules used in that army. I feel it my duty to
say a word in answer to that assertion. We all
know that during the war troops were stationed
! in New Mexico and California, and that the quar-
1 termaster's troops, employed for the purpose of
transporting ammunition and baggage, never re-
ceived a dollar's worth of forage during the whole
period of the war. We had, in New Mexico,
during the war, some three or four thousand
troops, and several hundred in California. Troops
were scattered all over this country where they
are now placed; and although those troops en-
tered into the service under a contract that they
should be foraged, yet they were never furnished
with one dollar of forage during the whole prog-
ress of that war. Colonel Doniphan and his men
marched some two or three thousand miles through
the heart of Mexico, performing some of the most
brilliant exploits performed in any part of the
army, yet not one of these men received a dol-
lar's worth of forage for his animal. You are
told now that your regular army, that your sol-
diers, stationed there 111 garrison, are in peace
establishment, and that they cannot support their
horses for two months, unless you appropriate
$850,000 to furnish them with corn. What is the
business of these troops ? It is to protect the peo-
ple in New Mexico and Texas from the Indians.
And how are the Indian horses supported ? They
do not know what corn is, and they live upon
grass; but these troops of ours, who are sent to
protect the people from the Indians, forsooth, can-
not feed their horses without $850,000 to pay for
corn. The great trouble in this whole matter is,
that the troops did not try to do their duty; and
the quartermaster, instead of buying horses that
were appropriate for that sort of service, bought
horses sixteen or seventeen hands high, that were
about as unfit for crossing the plains as a monkey
1 for a drawing room; and then they asked for corn
to keep them alive. Such horses would wear
down m one hundred or two hundred miles travel.
If you had furnished them with the horses such as
the Indians themselves use, they could have been
sustained all the time for one third of the price
needed for the large horses upon the prairie grass,
ot that country, which is the finest 111 the world.
It is all a mistake about there being no grass
and nothing fit tor horses to live upon in New
Mexico. The grass there is the best in the world,
and we can support our horses there if we get the
proper sort of animals. I am willing to take the
responsibility of defeating this bill, if my vote will
do It, because I do not believe it will injure the
army, but I believe it will render it more efficient
In order to live, the soldiers will be placed in the
Indian country, where they ought to be, and these
horses will be taken away and Indian horses
placed where there is grass, wood, and fuel, and
where then' services will be more efficient and use-
1 iul. (stationed where these troops now are, they
| will be utterly worthless, worse than useless. As
I my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] says, in
ordei to protect Texas against four thousand In-
, dians, men, women, and children, we keep two
; thousand troops in that country, and yet we give
" people no protection whatever. Let these
tich! «iz;irthTpr:- ii
