1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17a?
in danger, and in default thereof any such engineer or pilot
or mate bhall be dismissed from the service.
The following amendments were made as ,in
Committee of the Whole, to the tenth section,
which enumerates the districts for which inspect-
ors are to be appointed—to strike out " New
Haven, in Connecticut, Newport, in Rhode
Island," and insert(l New London, in Connecti-
cut, " and to insert" and the uses of steam in nav-
igation."
The amendments were concurred in, and the
section, as amended, read as follows: •
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That in each of the
districts of Savannah, in Georgia, Charleston, in South Car-
olina, Norfolk, m Virginia, Baltimore, in Maryland, Phila-
delphia, in Pennsylvania, New York, in New York, New
London, in Connecticut, Boston, in Massachusetts, Port-
land, in Maine, and San Francisco, in California., there shall
be two inspectors, one possessing the requisite qualifica-
tions, as herein provided, in ship-building and the uses of
eteam in navigating, the other in engineering, and in the
construction and qualities of the apparatus for steaming,
who shall exercise all the powers herein conferred, except
that of appointing pilots for said districts.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to insert in the eleventh section the
words, " the amount of passage money and," so
as to make the section read:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That it shall not
be lawful to take on board of any steamer a greater number
of passengers than is certified by the inspectors in the cer-
tificate; and the master and owners, or either of them,
shall be liable, to any person suing for the same, to forfeit
the amount of passage money and ten dollars for each pas-
senger beyond the number allowed.
The next amendment, made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to add the following to the same
section:
And, moreover, in all cases of an express or implied
undertaking to transport passengers, or to supply them with
food and lodging, from place to place, and suitable provis-
ion is not made of a full and adequate supply of good and
wholesome food and water, and ol suitable lodgings for all
euch passengeis, or where barges impeding the progress aro
taken m tow, without previous and seasonable notice to
such passengers, in all such cases the owners an.d the vessel
shall he liable to refund all the money paid for the passage,
and to pay, also, all the damage sustained by such default or
delay : Provided, however, That if in any such case a bond
is given to the marshal for the benefit of the plaintiff, to se-
cure the satisfaction of such judgment as he may recover,
the vessel shall be released.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by inserting after the word " barges" the
words, " or other craft."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. DAVIS. I also move to insert after the
word " tow" the words'4 for a distance of five
hundred miles, or over."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was concur-
red in.
The following: amendments, made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, were concurred in:
To make the twelfth section read as follows, the
amendments being in italics:
That if the master of a steamer, or any other person,
whether acting under orders or not,shall intentionally load
or obstruct, or cau^-e to be loaded or ob->tt ucted, in any way
or manner, the safety-valve or valves of a boiler, or shall
employ any other means or device whereby the boiler shall
be subjected to a greater piessure than the amount allowed
by the certificate of the inspectors, or shall be exposed to a
greater pressure, or shall intentionally derange or hinder
the operation of any machinery or device employed to denote
the state of the water or steam in any boiler, or to give
warning of approaching danger, it shall, in any such
case, be a misdemeanor, and anv and every person con-
cerned therein, directly or indirectly, shall forfeit and
may, at the discretion of the court, be, in addition thereto,
imprisoned not exceeding eighteen months.
The thirteenth section was made to read as fol-
lows, the amendments being in italics:
That if at any time there be a deficiency of water in a
boiler, by suffering it to fall below three inches above the
flue at, prescribed in this act, unless the same happens
through inevitable accident, the master, if it be by his order,
assent, or connivance, and also the engineer, or other person,
whose duty it is to keep up the supply, shall be guilty of an
offense for which they shall severally be fined $100 each ;
and if an explosion or collapse happens in consequence ol
such deficiency, tliey, or any of them, may be further pun-
ished by imprisonment, for a period of not less than six
nor more than eighteen months.
The sixteenth section of the bill was made to
read as follows, the amendment being in italics:
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of such inspectors to ascertain the quality of the ma-
terial of which boiler plates are made, and to satisfy them-
selves, by any suitable means, whether the mode of manu-
facturing has'been such as to produce iron equal to the
be«t and"most reliable quality made with charcoal, such a?
in their judgment may be used for generating steam-power
without hazard to life or property. No plate of iron shall
be approved which is made of unsuitable material, or of
which the manufacture is imperfect, or is not such as to
give confidence in its strength, or which is less than one
touith of an inch in thickness, for a boiler of forty-two
inches in diameter, and in that proportion for boilers of
greater or less diameters, which is made of any but wrought
iron, of a quality equal to the best quality made with char-
coal. +
The seventeenth section, which provides—
" That all plates approved shall be distinctly and perma-
nently marked in such manner as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe, and, if practicable, in such place
or placcs that the marks shall be left visible after the plates
are worked into boilers; and all plates rejected shall have
a permanent mark put upon them, showing their condem-
nation, and the manufacturer shall also stamp his name
upon each places-
was amended by adding the following:
Made by him, and for the inspection aforesaid there
shall be paid to the inspector aforesaid, five cents for each
plate inspected, to be accounted for and paid over to the
collector or other chief officer of the customs as revenue
belonging to the United States.
The eighteenth section, which provides that here-
after it shall be unlawful to use for generating
steam for power a boiler made after the passage
of this act of any iron, unless it has been inspected
as herein provided," &c., was amended by stri-
king out " hereafter, "and inserting after" boiler,"
the words " or steam-pipe connecting theboilers."
The section, as amended, reads as follows:
Sec- 18. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
unlawful to use for generating steam for power, a boiler or
steam-pipe connecting the boilers made, after the passage
of this act, of any iron unless it has been inspected as
herein provided : and if any person shall make a boiler of
iron not so inspected, intended to generate steam for
power, he shall, for any such offense, iotfeit $100, to be
recovered in an action of debt by any person suing tor the ]
same; hnd any person using or causing to be used such a
boiler to generate steam for power, shall forfeit a like sum
for each offense.
The next amendment, made as in Committee
of the Whole, was to add to the nineteenth sec-
tion, which is in these words:
" Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That if any person
shall counterfeit the marks prescribed by the Secretary of
the Treasury for inspected boiler iron, and be convicted
thereof, he shall be lined not exceeding $500, and nnpus-
oned not exceeding two years,"
the following:
And if any person or persons shall stamp or mark plates
with the name or marks of another, with intent to mislead,
deceive, or defraud, such person or persons shall be liable
to any one injured thereby, for all damage occasioned by
such fraud or deception.
The amendment was concurred in. ^
The next amendment of the committee was in
the twentieth section, to strike out " four," and
insert " nine;" to strike out "one of whom shall
reside near the Mississippi river, one near the
Ohio, one near the lakes, and one upon the At-
lantic coast;" and to strike out " every four
months," and insert "each year."
The amendments were concurred in, and the
section, as amended, reads as follows:
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That in order to
carry this act fully into execution, the President of the Uni-
ted States shall, with the advice of the Senate, appoint nine
supervising inspector?, who shall be selected for their knowl-
edge, skill, and experience in the uses of steam for navi-
gation, and who are competent judges not only of the char-
acter of vessels, but of ail parts of the machinery employed
in steaming, who shall assemble together at such places as
they may agree upon, once in each year at least, for joint
consultation and the establishment of rules and regulations
for their own conduct, and that of the several boards of in-
spectors within the districts, and also to assign to each of
the said nine inspectors the limits of the terutory within
which he shall perform his duties.
The next amendment made in Committee of the
Whole, was to add to the twentieth section the
following:
And the said supervising inspectors shall each be paid
for his services aitei the ! ate of ^1,50^ a year, and in addi-
tion thereto, his actual reasonable traveling expenses, in-
curred in the necessary performance of his <luty4 when
away from the principal port in Ins district, and ceitined
and sworn to by him under such instructions as shall be
given by the Secretary of the Treasury, who is hereby au-
thorized to pav such salaries, and also such traveling ex-
penses, when satisfied therewith, out of the revenues arising
from this act; and also to pay to the inspectors ot holler
iron, for the inspection in addition to their salary, after the
rate of two dollars for each entire day's service in that em-
ployment; and moreover, each inspector shall keep a true
account of the number of plates inspected by him, desig-
nating daily how many are approved, how many disap-
proved, bv whom'manufactured, and shall make a full re-
turn thereof, under oath, to the chief officer of the customs
for the district, on the first days of January, April, July,
and October in each vear, to be hy such chief officer for-
warded to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BROOKE. I move to strike out " $1,500"
and insert " §2,500" for the salary of the super-
vising inspectors. I will state that I understand it
is the intention of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to move to fill the blank for the payment of
the inspectors with the sura of $2,000. I think
the salary of the supervising inspectors should be -
more than the salaries of the inspectors, as the
latter are mere subordinate officers. The control-
ling minds, the master spirits concerned, are the
supervising inspectors; and I think they ought to
■be paid more than the subordinates who act en-
tirely under them. In addition to the $2,000,
which will be received by the inspectors, they are
also to be allowed $2 a day while performing duty
in inspecting boiler iron. I should prefer, to give
the supervising inspectors $3,000; but to meet the
views of all, 1 move that it be $2,500.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that proposition will not
be adopted. The bill has been drawn up on the
supposition that we could obtain practical men,
hard-handed men, to carry it into execution.
There is no class of men so competent to do it as
the mechanics who understand the business, or
those who have been practically acquainted with
steam navigation and the uses of machinery. My
object, I am free to say, m all instances was to
put the salaries so low that they shall never be a
temptation to political men. I desire that the sys-
tem shall be rescued, if it is possible, from the
politics of the country, and put into the hands of
men competent to carry it into execution, be their
sentiments what they may. For the supervisory
inspectors, according to my view of the subject,
we are to look to the body of engineers—to the
body of men who have been commanders of boats,
or who, in some way or other, whether in shops,
or out of shops, have had great experience on the
subject. I hope all the inspectors, supervisory
and local, will be of that class of men. It is
rather difficult for me to make the discrimi-
nation. I shall make some discrimination be-
tween ISTew Orleans, and New York, and the
Western waters in the pay of the local inspectors;
but it is to be observed that when the supervising
inspectors get $1,500 per annum for a compensa-
tion, all their reasonable traveling expenses are to
be paid, and a large portion of their duties will be
to itinerate through the districts which shall be
assigned to them. I apprehend that that is the
wisest policy we can adopt.
I will assign another reason. My object is,
that this shall be a self-supporting system. I do.
not desire to establish a new system to be a bur-
den upon the Treasury of the country—a system
without a revenue; but I design that it shall bring
revenue enough to sustain itself; in the first place,
from the inspection of the boats, and in the sec-
ond place, from the payment which is made for
the granting of the licences. I have estimated that
revenue, and we may get, perhaps, something like
$60,000 from those two sources. I am, at pres-
ent, unprepared to say whether more local in-
| spectors may not, upon experience, be found to
be needed than we have provided for. I hope we
have provided enough. I am unablfc, also, at
present to say whether so large a board of super-
vising inspectors may be necessary. They may
be, at the outset of the system, but eventually, I
think, they can be diminished, and I think they
will be. I think their duties will diminish as they
go on. The great difficulties of the system will
be at its outset. Under these circumstances, I
have considered with some care what is a proper
compensation. I cannot well distinguish between
the supervising inspectors. They are left to assign
to each other the duties tljey are to perform.
They are to say to each other where they shall
go; and it is in their power to interchange duties,
if the public service would be best promoted by
it, or to change their positions if it is thought de-
sirable. Under these circumstances it is difficult
for me, and 1 think it would be difficult for any other
„ gentleman to distinguish between them. I believe
jj it is admitted on all hands that $1,500 is a very
|l ample equivalent for those upon the Western
;j waters and lakes, and, I think, for those upon the
coast. You will find the best men to take the po-
sition with the pay of $1,500, with their traveling
expenses. As to New Orleans, I am not able to
judge, but I would prefer that the system, as it is,
should be tried in the first place; and if the com-
pensation is found inadequate—if it will not com-
mand the services of the men we contemplate, we
can chancre it.
Mr. BROOKE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts says his object is to get men with hard hands.
1 have no objection to that; but 1 want something
