844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
ilia, "in reference to tlte establishment of a navy-yard, de-
pot, and dry-dock on the lake frontier."
AJsiO, the niemortal of George Getz, James Landy, R. J•
Fougeray, and others, commissioners of the incorporated
district of the Northern Liberties, in the county of Phila-
delphia, remonstrating ngam«t the extension of the il Wood-
worth patent" for phimnpf boards, &c.
AUo, the memorial of George C. Richards, Ciias. Hartz,
Chailcs C. Wilson, and others, commissioners of the dis-
trict of Southwark, in the county of Philadelphia, remon-
strating against the extension of the " Woodworth patent"
for planing hoards, fitc.
Also, resolutions of the General Assembly of Pennsyl-
vania "relative to Smith O'Brien and his associates m ex-
ile."
By Mr. SWEETSElt: The petition of Samuel Galloway
and 193 others, citizens of Columbus, Ohio, asking Con-
gies* to make an appropriation to defray the expenses of
locating a load from the Missouri nvei, to the Pacific
ocean.
Also, for an appropriation of public land along the route
of fiud road, to form settlements.
Also, the petition of Pet^r Hay don and 85 others, on the
same subject.
Al o, tlie petition of John Cradlebaugh and 89 others,
(pruioipalij members, of the Ohio Legislatuie,) on the same
subject.
Also, the petition of Jame-s Banbury and 66 others, citi-
zens of Franklin county, Ohio, on the same subject.
Al^o, the petition of William II. Ramy and 55 others,
citizens, of Gro%'e Post, Franklin countv, Ohio, on the
same subject; with thememona! of said William II. Ramy
and 1) others, who desire to undertake the execution of s>aid
work.
ByMr.MILLSON: The petition of Edw.ird H. Tier-
bei t, a kmg payment of a balance claimed fortimber deliv-
er! to the Umt-'d States.
By Mr. CHURCH WELL : The petition of Thomas Mc-
ConneU and many others, of Roane county, Tennessee,
asking compensation foi services rendeied by said McCon-
neJl to volunteer-* in th«« ^ervicf of the United States.
Also, the petition of William H. Giant, Robert II. Phams,
and 150 others, citizens of Bradley and Polk counties, Ten-
ncs-«ce3 asking for the establishment of a mail route from
Cleveland, Tennessee, to Ellejav, Georgia.
ANo, tlie petition of W. A. Rogers, postmaster, asking
for the establishment of a mail route from Woodbourue,
Knox county, Tenuob-sce, via A^ademia, to Stravvbeny
Plains, Jefferson county, Tennessee.
By Mi. HOI' DDL'iR The petition of Joseph L. McDonald,
ofTiuro, Ma^aehu>ctti, for allowance of fi.-hmg bounty to
owners ami crew of sehoaner RIooiiiliHd, io.st at s« a.
By Mi. KUIliWS: The petition of Abraham Morrison
and manv other dozen-of Pennsylvinia, prnjingCongiess
to authorize by law the construction of a raihoad from
Council BlufT, on the Missouri river, to California and Ore-
gon.
ANo, the petition ofThoma^Keirsand many other citizens
of Penns>lvania, praying lor an increase of duty upon salt,
for the protection of the manufacturers of that article ill the
United States.
By Mi. GORMAN: The joint resolution of the Legi^la-
tme'of Indiana, on the subject of the slave trade and colo-
nization.
By Mr McNAIR: The petition of William S. Young and
291 others, citizens of Montgomery, Beiks, and Lehigh
counties Penns\lvania, asking for a new post route from
Allentown to PotMown, in said State.
By Mr IIKNf DR.1C1CS • A joint resolution of the Lecis-
latme of the State of Indiana, on the suhjcct of the slave-
trade and colonization.
By Mi. HARRIS, of Tennessee: The memonnl of the
Legislature of Tennessee, asking foi a change in mail ser-
vice.
By Mr. Lf'-TCIlETt: The petition of the executors of
General liobert I'orteifield, deceased, piaying bounty land,
commutation pav, «tnd tlie reimbursement of advances
made for the public mtvico
Mr .SlUIOONHAKRIt: The petition of Frederick
Range and Albeit .Southmayd, of New York, for a review
and lennrfiting of then Mexican claim.
By Mr. FJUKLIN : Tlie memorial of John A. Linton
and others, members of the War-hington bar, asking a reor-
ganization of the courts of the District of Columbia.
Bv Mr. HARPER : The memorial of E. YV, Tupper, S.
II. Giithue, and 41 others, citizens of Mu>kinguin county,
Ohio, praying that the budges of iho Wheeling and Bel-
mont Company mav be established as po&t roads, and per-
mitted to remain at their pioent height.
By Mr. BCUROWrf: The petition of William Emerson
and J 70 others, citizens of Orleans county, New York, pray-
ing for Anther remedies to patentees.
Also, The petition of L« mnel <\ Paine and 60 others,
citizens of Orleans county, Now York, on the -ame subject.
By Mr. ROBBING: The petition of Samuel Baffin and
33 others, citizen* of the county of Philadelphia, in favor of
the Woodworth patent.
Also, on the same subject, the petition of Andrew Wright
and 33 others, citizens of Philadelphia county.
Al?o, on the same Mibject the petition of Charles Smith
and 37 other citizens of Philadelphiaeounty.
By Mr. IVICS: Remonstrance against the renewal of
the Woodwortli patent, by 106 citizens of Jefferson countv
New York. '
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 24, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, I present tlie
petition of George W. Greene, of Rhode Island,
praying the subscription by Congress to the me-
moir and papers of Major General Nathanael
Greene.
The memorialist is the grandson of Major Gen-
eral Nathanael Greene, and has in his possession
all the papers and letters of his illustrious ancestor.
He does not propose to Congress to purchase these
valuable papers, and bury them in the archives of
any department, but that a liberal subscription
should be made to their publication, to be accom-
panied by an authentic memoir of the eminent in-
dividual, whose rich treasures have fallen into his
hands. The memorialist is a gentleman of high
literary character, an accomplished scholar, and,
with the materials in his possession, will make a
work valuable to the history and character of our
country.
Mr. President, the men of the Revolution have
passed away. Their example is before us, and
now it is only the evidences of their thoughts and
the motives of action which can lead us further to
appreciate theirpatriotic sacrifice, and teach us the
wisdom which guided them in their illustrious
course. The principles for which they contended
will derive a new illustration from the confidential
expression of every opinion, freely communicated
from patriot to patriot, and will become more
sacred in our keeping, when we see and know
from them what struggles they had, and what
hardships they endured 111 their defense. We are
the beneficiaries, and to them is our gratitude due.
Major General Nathanael Greene was a native
of the patrioticState of Rhode Island. His family
was of the most respectable character, but humble
in their circumstances, and he was brought up to
a laborious mechanical occupation. In April,
1775, his native State, anticipating a contest with
the mother country, raised a force of sixteen hund-
red men, and wisely selected Greene to command
and discipline them. Early in June, he was found
with this force engaged in the league of Boston;
and when Washington took the command in July,
the historian says " the troops of Greene were
pronounced the best disciplined and appointed in
the whole army."
Washington properly appreciated the high char-
acter of Greene not only as a soldier, but as a man
of enlarged, liberal, and patriotic views. Their
friendship was early formed, and continued with
mutual confidence throughout the war. In the
splendid picture, now in the rotunda, you see him
with his Chief crossing the Delaware. He led the
advance at Trenton, and was distinguished at
Princeton, at Crandywine, at Germantown, and
at Monmouth. After the treason of Arnold, he
was selected to the command of West Point.
Subsequently he proceeded to the South and
joined thearmy inNorth Carolina. Hecontinued
at the head of tlie Southern army, displaying great
ability, and crowned with brilliant success until
the evacuation of Charleston by the enemy, in
1782, and his triumphal entry into that city.
He was a favorite soldier of the South, and his
eminent services and high character, were appre-
, ciated throughout the whole country. So highly
| did Washington esteem his calm judgment and
military skill, that it is said, the Commander-in
Chief desired, in case of his death, the command
of the army should be given to General Greene.
All the rich materials which such a life, in such an
age, could originate and produce, are now offered
to the country; and Congress is now asked to
subscribe for so many copies as may save the tal-
ented and patriotic descendant from pecuniary loss.
I move that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on the Library.
; The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNEHl presented a petition of citizens
| of Boston, Massachusetts, praying a reduction of
; the rates of ocean postage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition of mer-
chants, and other citizens of Portland, Maine,
praying further aid to Collins's line of mail steam-
ships; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of citizens of
|! Bridgeport, Connecticut, praying an extension
j of Woodwork's patent for a planing machine;
11 winch was referred to the Committee on Patents
| and the Patent Office.
!| Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions of the
'I jNew York State Agricultural Society, in favor1
j of the establishment of an Agricultural Bureau;
i which was referred to the Committee on Agricul-
ture. ®
I' Mr. FELCH presented the petition of Amaziah
Goodwin, praying an increase and arrears of pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. WELLER presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, District of Columbia, praying an
amendment of the charter of that city; which was
referred to the Committee for the District of Col-
umbia.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of William
Money, praying indemnity for horses seized by
order of Brigadier General Kearny, during the
war with Mexico, and for losses incurred in con-
sequcnce thereof; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of Ro-
sanna So wards, praying a pension on account of
her son, who died of wounds received in the late
war with Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SOULE presented a petition of merchants,
and other citizens of New Orleans, praying that
further aid may be extended to the Collins line of
steamers; which was ordered to be laid on the
table, a bill having been reported by the committee
on that subject.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
Hartwell Carver and his associates, praying a
charter for the construction of a railroad to the
Pacific ocean; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a me-
morial of the Mayor and Common Council of Ra-
cine, Wisconsin, praying a further appropriation
for a harbor at that place; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin, in favor of restricting the jurisdiction of the
United States district court for that district, in cer-
I tain cases; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GEYER presented the petition of the St.
Genevieve Iron Mountain and Pilot Knob Plank
Road Company, praying the right of way; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of J. Ba-
lestier, praying to be allowed certain items rejected
on the settlement of his accounts at the Depart-
ment of State, for services and expenses as special
agent to Cochin China, and other portions of
Southeastern Asia; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That tlie petition of Nathan Weston, jr.} be*
recommitted to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of George Dennett, on tlie
i files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Com-
1 meree.
j On motion by Mr. BROOKE, it was
, Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate,
j relating to the claim of the hoiis of Joseph McAffee, be re-
I ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
! On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the original
letters patent filed with the petition of Obed Hussey.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of Wil-
liam Smith, and three petitions of residents of
Wisconsin, praying the donation of certain mili-
tary reserves, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
1 was referred the bill to grant to the State of Wis-
! consin the military reservation at Fort Winne-
! bago, in that State, to aid in improving the navi-
, gation of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, reported
j adversely thereon.
i He also, from the same committee, to which
■ was referred the bill to enable Jacob Banta to locate
j two revolutionary bounty land certificates, re-
j ported the same without amendment.
| He also submitted a report; which was ordered
| to he printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a memorial of the Legislature of
Wisconsin, reported a bill to authorize the sale of
the military reserves at Forts Winabago and How-
ard, in Wisconsin; which was read and passed
to the second reading.
.Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was"referred the documents
