1708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
' more. I want men of hard sense—men of intel-
lect.
Mr. DAVIS. So do I.
Mr. BROOKE. I assert, without fear of con-
tradiction that you cannotgetan intellectual man,
.a man of science, at the West—'1 do not know
how it may be at the East—to perform the duties
required by the hill for $1,500. Look at the.44th
.section of the bill.' It requires the supervisors to
•collect information, and report to the Department.
That requires science and skill. It requires men
of intellect to do it; and men of intellect able to
discriminate among the vast amount of facts and
statistics, that may be sent to them.. I hold it as
the worst economy in the .world to pay poorly and
stingily for important public services. The best
economy is a system ofliberality in the payment
of public officers. If this system upon which we
.are about to enter is to be tried fairly, let us start
.fairly. Let us get men at the outset capable of
understanding its operation. If you offer only
f1,500 . per annum, you cannot get such men as
you ought to have—men of experience, skill, and
science in these matters to undertake to put tlje
system in operation. The starting point is the
most important point. Then is the time, and
there is the point where you want men of science,
skill, and enterprise; but you cannot get them—
you cannot tempt them to leave their ordinary
avocations to come forward and engage in this
service in the Western country, unless you pay
them for it. You may get, it is true, men for
.#1,500, or perhaps for $1,000, to act as super-
vising inspectors on the Mississippi and Ohio; but
you cannot get men competent to discharge the
duties.
Mr. HALE. I am rather inclined to go with
the Senator from Massachusetts, because I think
him a practical man, and he has given a reason
for his course, which is a most lamentable one,
but still is imperative; and that is, that if you
raise the salary above $1,500, it will be scrambled
for by incompetent political partisans; and $1,500
is about as high as we can go, with any assur-
ance, for a man to understand his business. I am
rather of opinion that if we go higher than that,
we shall have somebody appointed who w.ill stay
at home and appoint agents to go out and dis-
charge the duties—to make the calculations ne-
cessary, and himself pocket the salary.
I recollect an important fact, and one that I
think may govern us in this matter, which oc-
curred in my own experience a few years ago. A
gentleman who had come frotn the West—he had
tone from the East originally—had an idea that I
ad some influence at Washington, (which showed
that he did not know much about it,) and wanted
me to sign a recommendation that he should be
appointed surveyor general out in some of the
Territories. I said to him, " Do you know any-
thing aboutsurveyingpractically?" Said he, "Oh,
no! it is "not necessary. The work is generally
done by deputies." Now, if we give a salary
worth struggling for, we will get somebody who
will go in and take the salary, while the work is
done by deputies. And I think, if the Senator
from Massachusetts thinks the salary which he
proposes is high enough to secure men who will
do the business, we hud better agree to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish only to say, that so far
as my experience goes, I can go into the shops
where engineers are to be found, and I think I
can find men enough, competent enough, in my
own part of the country, who would be very glad
to have a place of this description. The men of
practical Knowledge; and, as the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi well expressed it, of "hard
sense," are exactly the men I want. They have
hard hands and hard sense both. They are the
most competent men to execute the duty practi-
cally that can be found in the country. 1 wish to
try the experiment. I do not wish to be niggardly
or close in this business. I am quite willing to be
liberal. But, upon a consideration of the matter,
I think $1,500 is about as far as our revenues will
permit us to go at this time. We have various
other expenditures to meet. We have to furnish
instruments, and to pay the traveling expenses of
the supervising: engineers, which will amount to
a. considerable sum. I think my friend ought to
take it into account that I do not require the in-
spector to live in New Orleans; I do not require
him to live in New York. I only require him to
do the duty assigned to him as supervising inspect-
or. There ought to be a local inspector at New-
Orleans, c.; $nd the man who superintends that
mrt of the country will have Mobile, New'Or-
leans, and a.few places besides to attend to. He
may live.in Mobile, or in any other place, if he
choose, if he only does the duty required as super-
vising inspector. And -whenever his duty re-
quires him .to travel, his expenses for traveling are
paid. I think we may be safe in trying the*ex-
periment at the sum pjroposed originally.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.-
Mr:. BELL. I desire to ask a question of the
Senator from Massachusetts, in. regard to. this sub-
ject. I am not intimately acquainted with the
duties of'supervising inspectors as they, are pre-
scribed in the bill. But, if I understand the read-
ing of the bill correctly, the supervising inspector
whose duty will be assigned to him at Mobile or
New Orleans, for example, would have to reside
pretty much at one or the other of those places.
1 suppose the one at New York would have to
spend almost all his time there. But I am speaking
more particularly with regard to New Orleans and
Mobile; and, if I be correct in ,my supposition,
and the supervising inspector must necessarily
spend most of his time in those cities, if he dis-
charges his duties with fidelity, I think $1,500 is
inadequate to procure the proper person—whether
an engineer or the master of a vessel. The in-
crease of expenditure would have to be added in
those cities. _
Mr. DAVIS. That is to be paid besides.
Mr, BELL. I do not mean the traveling. I
mean the living. If the supervisor discharges his
duty properly, he will have to live at those places.
The honorable Senator suggests that he may live
where he pleases, provided he discharges his duties
faithfully. But, t understand, that considering
the great amount of the duties of the supervising
inspector at the port of New Orleans especially—
more so than with regard to Mobile—he will ne-
cessarily have to live there; and I would suggest
that, with regard to that supervising inspector, the
salary ought to be at least $2,000; and I should
think it ought to be so in regard to the one at New
York. He will necessarily be compelled to spend
the principal part of the time at New York. The
increased expenses of living will be greater than
they would be in other places. I will not propose
to disarrange the general system which has been so
ably devised by the Senator from Massachusetts;
but I throw out these suggestions to him. I think
we can get an adequate supervising inspection for
the New Orleans and Mobile districts, at the com-
pensation I have named.
Mr. DAVIS. It seems that one great fact has
escaped the attention of the Senator from Tennes-
see. Here are nine supervising inspectors to be
appointed with general duties. The bill assigns
the duty of inspecting at New Orleans to no one
of them. Now, if you give to the one that happens
to be stationed by their own arrangement at New
Orleans, $2,000, you just open a cause of squab-
ble and controversy between the different inspect-
ors. It is a discrimination which cannot be made
without inconvenience. I- am quite aware, of
course, that it may cost more to live there than at
Louisville, or at Fittsburg, or on the banks of the
Ohio river, where a portion of the supervising in-
spectors will perform their duty, or on the lakes;
but, nevertheless, in the arrangement which is
made, it seems to me that the discrimination can-
not be made without injury to the service. I had
rather, therefore, try the experiment with it as it
is.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendments made, as m Committee
of the Whole, were various and verbal ones to
the twenty-first section, so as to make it read as
follows:
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That the supervising
inspectors shall watch overall parts of the territory assigned
them, shall visit, confer with, and examine into the doings
of tiie several boards of inspectors, and shall, whenever
they think it expedient, visit vebsels licensed, and examine
into their condition, for the purpose of asceitaimng whether
the provisions of this act have been observed and com-
plied with, both by the board of inspectors and the master
and owners; and it shall be the duty of all ma^teis, engi-
neers, and pilots, to answer all reasonable inquiries, and to
give all the information m their power, in regard to any
vessel so visited, and her machinery for steaming, and the
manner of managing both.
The amendments were concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was in the twenty-second section, to
strike out tl take measures accordingly, when the
result is before him," and insert " if he deems the
cause sufficient, shall remove the delinquent," so
as to make the section read as follows:
' Sec. 22. And be it fwther enacted, That whenever a
supervising inspector ascertains to his satisfaction that the
master, engineer, pilot, or owners, fail to perfoim their du-
ties according to the provisions of this act, he shall report
•the facts in writing to the board in the district where the
vessel belongs, and, if need be, cau«e the negligent or of-
fending parties to- be piosecuted; .and if he has good reason
to believe there has been, through negligence, or from any
other cause, a failure of the board who inspected the vessel
to do its duty, he shall report the facts in writing to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who shall cause immediate investi-
gation mto the truth of the complaint, and if he deems the
cause sufficient, shall remove the delinquent.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee^ of
the Whole, was to strike out of the twenty-third
section the concluding words " of the engine and
boilers, and also between the ^rea of the pad-
dles, and the power of the engines,5,so as to make
the section-read as follows:
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of such supervising inspectors to see that the said sev-
eral boards within their respective collection dntnets exe-
cute their duties faithfully, promptly, and, as far as possi-
ble, uniformly, in all places, by following out the provisions
of this act, according to the true intent and meaning there-
of; and they shall, by their established rules, harmonize
differences of opinion when they exist in different boards,
and promote, as far as possible, the observance, m the con-
struction of boats and of the machinery for steaming, of a
just proportion between all the parts. \
The amendment was concurred in. _
The next amendments made as in.Commit-
tee of the Whole, were in the twenty-fourth sec-
tion, so as to make it read as follows, the amend-
ments being in italics:
Sec. 24. And he it further enacted, That the said su-
pervising inspectors shall also visit collection districts in
which there are no boaids of inspectors, if there be any
where steamers are owned or empioyed,and each one shall
have full power to inspect any steamer in any such dis-
trict, or in any other district -where, from, distance or other
cause, it is inconvenient to resort to the local board, and to
grant certificates of approval according to the provisions of
this act, ancTtodo anefperform in such districts destitute of
local inspectors $11 the duties imposed upon boards in the
distiicts where they exist, including the inspection of boiler
iron: Provided, That no av/pervitins: or other inspector
shall be deemed competent to inspect in any case where he is
personally interested,, but in all such'cases the duty shall be
performed by disinterested inspectors, and inspection made
in violation of this ruleshall be void and-ofno effect.
The amendments were concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to insert in the twenty-sixth sec-
tion, after the word "collectors," the words "other
chief officer of the customs,yi so as to make the
section read as follows:
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted. That it shall be the
duty of "each of the collectors or other chief officer of the
customs for the districts aforesaid, except San Francisco,
to make known, without delay, to the collectors of all the
said districts, except San Francisco, the names of all persons
appointed engineers or pilots, and the names of all persons
from whom, upon application, appointments have been
withheld, and the names of all who have been removed or
suspended, and also the names of all vessels which neglect
orrefuse to make such repairs as may be ordered underthe
provisions of this act, and the names of all for which li-
cense has been, on application, refused.
The amendment was concurred in.
The same amendment was made in the two
subsequent sections, after the word collectors.
The next amendment, made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to strike out of the 28th section
the words:
"The original certificate of the inspectors, giving to the
owner or master two certified copies thereof, one of which
shall be placed in some conspicuous place in the vessel,
wheie it will be most likely to be observed by passengers
and others; and tiie other he'shall retain as evidence of his
lawful right to navigate the vessel, and no one shall be
allowed to navigate a steamer without such certificates"—
And insert-in lieu thereof the following:
All original certificates of the inspectors required by
this act to be delivered to him, and shall give to the master
or owner of the vessel therein named, two certified copies
thereof; one of which shall be placed by such master or
owner m some conspicuous place in the vessel, where it
will be most likely to be observed by passengers and others,
and there kept at all times, during a voyage, and while
such vessel is receiving freight or passengers; the other
^hall be retained by such master or owner .is evidence of
the authority thereby conferred; and if any person shall
receive or carry any passenger on hoard any such steamer
not having a certificate of approval as required by this act,
and a certified copy thereof placed and kept as aforesaid;
or who shall receive or carry any gunpowder, oil of turpen-
tine, or materials which ignite by friction, a# freight on
boaid any steamer carrying passengers, not having a certi-
ficate authorizing the (same, and a certified copy thereof
placed and kept as aforesaid; or who shall stow or carry
any of said articles, at a place or in a manner not author-
