1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1709
ized by such certificate, shall forfeit and pay for each
offense one hundred dollars, to he recovered by action of
debt in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Mr. GEYER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word "turpentine,"
the words which were inserted in the correspond-
ing sections of the act, referring to camphene, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. DAVIS. I have some objection to make
to the amendment. 1 do not think the Senator
from Missouri understands the original provision
in the bill. That provision is, that the collector
" or other chief officer of the customs, shall retain
* on file the original certificate of the inspectors,
' giving to the owner, or master, two certified
* copies thereof; one of which shall be placed in
* some conspicuous place in the vessel, where it
* will be most likely to be observed by passengers
' and others, and the other he shall retain as evi-
dence of his lawful right to navigate the vessel,
* and no one shall be allowed to navigate a steamer
' without such certificate." Now, there is penalty
enough. "We want no more. If the person un-
dertakes to navigate a vessel without such a certi-
ficate as that, his vessel is liable to seizure and
forfeiture. That is all that can be desired. If it
is unlawful to navigate without the paper, the ves-
sel then becomes liable to seizure, and to be
libeled and sold. That is a very heavy penalty.
It needs nothing additional.- The owner or mas-
ter of the vessel is to keep the certificate set up
where it can be seen at all times. Why does the
Senator wish to limit the time to a period during
the voyage, and while the vessel is receiving freight
Snd passengers? Is it not better to say that it
shall be kept up at all times where it can be seen r
It seems to me that will be a better and safer rule
than to limit them to keeping it up to the period
of the voyage, and while the boat is in port receiv-
ing freight and passengers. They ought always
to keep it there where anybody can see it—where
any one visiting the vessel can see it. It seems
to me that that rule is better than the one which
the Senator has proposed. If he can modify his
amendment so as to take in the latter part of it,
and retain the whole section as originally proposed,
I should prefer it.
Mr. GEYER. If I had supposed that there
was any provision in the original section that re-
quired the certificate to be kept up at all times, I
should then have adopted the suggestion of the
honorable Senator, and added only that portion
relating to the carrying of gunpowder; but this is
a penal section, and will, in all probability, be-
come strictly construed. As it stands, the collector
is to retain on file the original certificate, and
is to give to the owner or master two certified
copies, one of which is to be placed in some con-
spicuous place of the vessel where it will be most
likely to be observed by passengers and others;
and the other is to be retained as evidence of'
his lawful right to navigate the vessel. Now, he
may place it there, and it may be removed. The
fact that it was placed there would exempt him
from the penalty; but his lawful right to navigate
depends upon the possession of the duplicate.
The amendment which was adopted as in Com-
mittee of the Whole provides that he shall keep it
up at all times when he is receiving freight and
passengers, and during the voyage. Under the
original section, if the certificate be not visible to
the passengers he has full authority with the du-
plicate to navigate. With respect to the times
when the certificate is to be kept up, I suppose
that all that will be necessary will be at all times
during the voyage, and when receiving freight or
passengers. It will not be necessary to keep it
up, nor indeed would it be practicable to keep it
up, when the ship was undergoing repairs. The
provision which I have added, is to make it ex-
press to keep up the certificate at all times,
while on the voyage, and while receiving freights
and passengers, so that he shall not satisfy the
law by keeping it there a month or two and then
suffering it to be removed, and proceeding to nav-
igate the vessel upon the authority of the dupli-
cate. It is true that if he navigates the vessel
without the certificate he is liable to the forfeiture;
but if he receives freight and passengers without
having it put up, he is liable to no penalty at all'
under the original section. That enjoins the duty
of putting up the certificate; but if he does not put
it up, no consequence is attached, if he has the
duplicate under which he may navigate the ves-
sel. For that reason it occurred to me that it
would be necessary to amend, so that all persons
going on~board, either to ship freight or take pas-
sage, wjjl see whether the requisition is complied
with or not. *
Mr. DAVIS. There isaportion of the amend-
ment which i wish to retain. I want the Senator
to retain the penalty, and if he superadds that to
the section as it stood first, 1 should like the ar-
rangement better than the one which he now pro-
poses.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would suggest that we should
pass over the amendment for the present, to allow
it to be so modified.
It was passed over accordingly.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to add the following as a new
section:
Sec. 29. Jlnd he it further enacted, That every in-
spector who shall certify falsely touching any such vessel,
propelled in whole or in part by steam, and carrying passen-
gers, her hull, accommodations, boilers, engines, machin-
ery, or their appurtenances, or any of her equipments, or
any matter or thing contained m any certificate signed and
sworn to by him, shall, on conviction thereof, be punished
by fine, not exceeding   * dollars, or imprisonment not
exceeding —, or both.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the Senator
from Missouri, whether it would not be proper to
insert the word " willfully" between the words
" shall "and " certify,"so as to make the penalty
apply to the inspector who <{ shall willfully certify
falsely." They may make the false statement
without any evil intention.
Mr. GEYER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. DAVIS. I then make the motion to insert
" willfully."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. GEYER. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by filling the fiist blank with "five hun-
dred," and the second with " six months."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was concurred
in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to insert the following as a new
section:
Sec. 30. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any such
vessel carrying passengers, having a license and certificate,
as required by this act, shall be navigated without having
her hull, accommodations, boilers, engines, machinery, and
their appurtenances, and all equipments, in all things con-
formable to such certificate, the master or commander by
whom she shall be so navigated shall be punished by fine
not exceeding dollars, or imprisonment not exceed-
ing  , or both: Provided, That such master or com-
mander shall not be liable for loss or deficiency occasioned
by the dangers) of nav igauon, if such loss oi deficiency shall
be supplied as soon as practicable.
Mr. GEYER. I move to amend, by filling the
first blank with "one hundred," and the second
with " two months."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was concurred
in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole, was to strike out the following:
Sec. 27. *ttnd be it further enacted, That when, from
darkness, fog, or other cause, the chief pilot or chief engi-
neer shall be of opinion that the navigation is unsafe, the
vessel shall, if in a river, be brought to anchor as soon as
it can be piudently done, and no person in command shall
be justified in pursuing a voyage in a river after being thus
admonished by the engineer or pilot, but shall be answer-
able foi any damage which may arise from the non-observ-
ance of this provision.
Sec. 28. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when steamers
navigating livers, or nauow, difficult or dangerous chan-
nels^and from daikness, fog, or other causes, there is just
reason to fear collision or other accident from meeting and
passing each other, they shall, as they approach each other,
observe the following regulations:
The descending vessel shall drift, using only so much
steam as shall be necessary to keep her steerage ; and if
no signal is given, each shall pass to the right, or on the
larboard side ot the other. But if tins mode of passing
shall be deemed unsafe, the boat objecting to it shall give
seasonable notice, by adistinct and strong stroke upon the i
bell, repeating the same, if necessary, at short but distinct '
intervals, which the other shall, as soon as heaul, answer
by a similar stroke, and they shall pas* to the left instead
Of the right, but if a passage by each other is unsafe or
impracticable, by reason of the narrowness of the channel,
or from any other cause, the boat in such channel shall
ring her bell rapidly, and the other, if not in the channel,
shall give wav to her and let her pass; but if both boats are
entering or have entered such channel, the ascending boat
shall give way to the descending boat, and no vessel shall
be justified m coming into conflict with another, if it can
be avoided—
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That when from j
darkness, feg, or other cause, the pilot on watch sh&Jl he
of opinion that the navigation is unsafe, or if from accident
to, or derangement of, the machinery of the bl>at, the engi-
neer on watch shall be of opinion that the further naviga-
tion of the vessel is unsafe, the vessel shall be brought to
anchor, or moored as soon as it prudently can be done; and
no person in command shall be justified in pursuing a voy-
age after being admonished, by either of the officers warned^
that it would b'e unsafe from the causes assigned, but shall
be answerable for any damage which may arise from so
pursuing the voyage.
Sec. 32, And be it further enacted. That when steamers
are about to meet each other in the night, in narrow chan-
nels, or in fog, it shall be the duty of the pilot of the de-
scending boat to keep the channel and stop his engine, and
suffer the boat to float with only steam sufficient to give her
steerage, until the following signals are given and an-
swered, and a space properly cleared :
It shall be the duty of the pilot of the ascending boat, as
soon as the other shall be tn sight and hearing, to sound his
bell once, if he shall wish to pass to his right; and it shall
be the duty of the pilot of the descending boat to answer
the same by one stroke of the ben ; if not answered, the
pilot of the ascending boat shall strike his bell again and
again, at short intervals, until heard by the pilot of the other
boat. But if the pilot of the ascending boat should wish
to pass to the left-hand side,he shall strike his bell twice;
and it shall be the duty ot the pilot of the descending boat
to answer the same by two strokes of his bell, and both
boats shall be steered accordingly. The first call mav be
made by the pilot of cither boat, and it shall be the duty of
the other to answer as aforesaid; but if tbe first call can-
not be complied with safely, a negative answer shall be
given, by ringing the bell five or six times in quick succes-
sion, after which the call shall be reversed.
When boats shall be near meeting in a channel,or place
too narrow to pass each other with safety, tbe one thatmay
first be in the channel shall have a right to if, except in the
rapids of the Upper Mississippi, and the other shall give
way. If, however, two boats are about to enter such chan-
nel or place at the same time, and in all -cases in the rapids
aforesaid, the ascending boat shall give way.
Should the pilot ot either boat fail to make or to answer
the signals required, or should a signal be answered wrong-
fully, both boats shall be immediately stopped, and, if re-
quisite, backed so as to prevent collision.
It shall not be lawful for an ascending boat to cross a
channel (unless in compliance with the foregoing signals
clearly made and answered) within possible striking dis-
tance by a descending boat. These rules shall be observed
both night and day. - Should any pilot, engineer, or master
neglect or willfully refuse to observe the foregoing regula-
tions, any delinquent so neglecting or refusing, shall be
liable to a penalty of $30, and to all damage done to any-
person or persons by such neglect or refusal; and no ves-
sel shall be justified in coming into collision with another
if it can be avoided.
Mr. BAYARD. I will propose a slight amend-
ment to the amendment, because the phraseology
might give rise to difficulty in tide-waters; it is, to
add to the thirty-second section the words,
Provided, That on.tide-waters, a boat moving with the
tide shall be considered as descending, and a boat moving
against the tide as ascending.
Mr. DAVIS. That amendment, as I understand,
simply proposes that a boat in tide-water, running
with the tide, shall be considered the descending
boat, and the one against the tide as the ascending
boat. There may be this inconvenience in navi-
gating rivers that have tides in them. In the Mis-
sissippi river, for example, there is a tide, notwith-
standing the current is aownward. The adoption
of the amendment to the amendment may lead to
confusion. It would change the order of things.
Perhaps, in our tide-waters, where there are nar-
row passages, it would answer. I do not see any
objection to it there. But it strikes me that when
we get into the rivers which have a tide, it will
cause some confusion; as in vessels, for example,
descending the Mississippi with the current, while
the tide is setting the other way.
Mr. BAYARD. Is there a tide in the Missis-
sippi?
Mr. DAVIS. It is recognized in law.as a tide.
Gentlemen say that the current overc<?mes~the tide.
I am aware of that; and that is just the confusion
to which it will lead. The tide setting against the
current raises the water. That is called the tide
in law; and on that very foundation, the courts
have decided that admirality jurisdiction shall go
as far as the tide raises the water of the Missis-
sippi.
Mr. BAYARD. I think the current is suffi-
ciently powerful to overcome the tide on that river;
therefore, a boat will not move with the tide, foj* I
apprehend the stream never runs up.
Mr. DAVIS. But that is the reason why it is
called the tide.
Mr. BAYARD. But the boat does not move
with the tide. When we speak of a boat ascend-
ing a river, in the ordinary meaning of the terms,
we mean that it is going from the mouth to its
source. That is not the meaning in the tide-
waters. In the Mississippi, I take it for granted
that, though the tide may check the current, a boat
never moves with the tide.
