1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
relating to the claim of Henry C. Miller, Philip |
W. Thompson, and Jesse B. Turley, submitted a ]
report, accompanied by a bill for their relief; which :
was read and passed to the second reading. The i
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORIUS, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to which was referred the
petition of Isaac Adams, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which the
subject was referred, reported a bill to amend iS an
act to promote the progress of the useful arts;"
which was read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. HAMLIN", from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the resolution in-
structing the committee to inquire into the expe-
diency of estabiishingaportofentry atTuscumbia,
Alabama, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of citizens of Davidson
county, Tennessee, praying' that the bridges of the
Belmont and Wheeling Bridge Company may be
established as mail routes, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof, and that it
be referred to the Committee oil the Judiciary;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred a motion to print two
thousand additional copies of the reports? of the
Committee on Military Affair?, accompanying a
bi!l and joint resolution concerning the national
defenses, reported in favor of printing the same;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the motion to print the petition of
James Riley, reported adversely thereto. The
report of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBUR.Y, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of
assistant marshals in Pennsylvania, presented the
22(1 instant, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration thereof, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr.MILLER, from theCommittee on Finance,
to which was referred the petition of the West
Feliciana Railroad Company, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for their relief; which was
read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SEB YST1AN £ave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief 0/
James Jones, a citizen of Arkansas.
new mail route.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was agreed to:
•Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po<-t Ro;\d* he instructed to inquire into the expediency of
nronduisr bylaw for the establishment of a mail route and
{he u.importation of the mail fiom Fort Smith, in the Slate
of Arkansas, to Donna Anna, in the Territory of New Mex-
ico. on the Rio Grande, in connection with the hue of mil-
itary posts hem? e.-tabhshed between those places
Guthrie's safety valve.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by -Mr. Davis, on the 92d instant, in
relation to Guthrie's improvements m the steam
engine; and it was agreed to.
executive COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the .Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, an estimate of the cost of constructing; a
basin at the terminus of the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal, at Rook creek; which was read, and re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a repoit of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating;, 111 compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, a supplemental report of the battle of
Cerro Gordo, made by General Pillow to General
Scott; which was read, and ordered to be laid on
the table and printed.
salaries of territorial officers.
The following engrossed bill was read a third
time, and, its title being amended to read as fol-
lows, it was passed: An act relating to the saiaiies
of officers of the Territories of the United States,
and to repeal the proviso in the act entitled " an
act making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1852, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1851.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Hates, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed the bill amendatory of
the act entitled " an act to provide for holding the
courts of the United States, in case of the sick-
ness or other disability of the judges of the district
courts," approved July 29,1850, with an amend-
ment, in which it requests the concurrence of the
Senate.
extension of the capitol.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 submit the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resoli>erf, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senote:
Any plan wlneh may liave been adopted for the ejten-
sion of the Capitol.
A ?>tateinent <>f the manner in which the money already
appropriated for this object has been expended, and the
amount paid to each individual, and for what object orpur-
po^e, and the amount, if there be any, of the appropriation
unexpended.
Copies of all written contact?, and vetbal agreement.-', if
any, enteied into, from the beginning of the uoik to the
piesent tone, for materials or woikmanMiip, which have
horetolore been, or are hereafter to be, furnished or done,
for the extension ot the Capitol.
A statement of the materials proposed to he used in the
construction of the interior and exterior walls, and porticoes
of the Capitol.
A statement of the materials proposed to be uv d in the
construction ot the frame work and covering of the roofs.
A statement of what, if any, plan ha? been adopted to
insure the proper lighting, warming, and ventilating the
beveial apaitments of the [nopo^ed extension 5 and what,if
any, plan of construction has- been adopted, with reference
to the principles of acoustics, in order to facilitate hearing
m each of the two halls of legislation, and in the Supreme
Court room.
As it is a resolution of inquiry, and has some
connection with a subject now under the consid-
eration of a committee of this body, I ask unani-
mous consent to have the resolution considered at
this time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken on
the resolution, 1 beg leave to say a few words, to
explain the purpose with which I offer it. It will
be recollected that when the joint resolution ma-
king an appropriation for the continuation of the
work on the extension of the Capitol was before
the Senate the other day, I opposed its adoption.
It was subsequently, oil my motion, referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings, with a view
to a thorough examination into the character of
the work. In consequence of my remarks on that
occasion, I have been made the subject of attack.
My course here, in regard to the matter, has been
attacked, not only in other quarters, but particu-
larly in the Administration organ, published in
this city. My position, and my reasons for it,
have been grossly misrepresented. I have been
presented before the country as making factious
opposition here to a measure of public interest
and utility, and upon grounds wholly untenable.
1 have been put before the public as throwing my-
self before the mouths of starving men, who were
dependant on their labor for support, and had
a just claim on this Government for appropria-
tions of the public money. Ail this has been evi-
dently done with the view of making a false issue
before the country, and patting me in a false posi-
tion. But one reason can be assigned for it, in
my opinion, ...... -   
avoid a just responsibility on the part of this Ad-
ministration for its public acts. My object, tlieie-
fore, in moving the reference of my resolution of j
instructions, offered some time since, to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings, was to ascertain
whether the charges which had been made against
persons engaged in the construction of the foun-
dation walls of the Capitol were true or not; and
now, in carrying out that object still fmthei, in
order to get all the facts bearing on the subject, 1
have moved this resolution of inquiry of the Presi-
dent so as to ascertain what has been done in the
way of a plan, and the mode in which the money
has been expended.
Another consideration which I think makes the
resolution peculiarly proper is this: I learn, from
what I consider good authority, that contracts to
the amount of about a million and a half of dollars
have already beea made by the Executive, with
and that is, a desire to evade and
|. a view of carrying on this work, based on a single
1 appropriation of $100,000 made last year! I de-
sire to knosv if that be so. If it be so, Congress
should take some step—for it surely would be
:; proper—to arrest such a course of proceeding, and
' to require the Executive Department of this Gov-
ernment, in making contracts for the expenditure
of money, to hold itself restricted by the action of
S Congress, which alone can make appropriations,
■ and judge of their propriety. This is all I have to
, say.
] Mr. BADGER. I wan t to say one word before
the question is taken on this resolution of my
i friend from Arkansas. He says that he under-
I sta.nds contracts have been made with reference to
' this work for a large amount beyond the §100,000
1 appropriated by Congress, and that in case that
^ information should turn out to be true, some steps
should be taken by Congress for the purpose of
j preventing such things in times to come. Why,
r I believe it never was supposed that when Con-
|i gress directs a work to be undertaken and execu-
j: ted. and directs an officer to undertake it, the ap-
j; propriation made for expenditures on that work
'! for the cm-rent year is to furnish the limit by
!1 which he is to make engagements and contracts
j! for carrying on the work. Congress directs a
' work to be executed—the enlargement of the Cap-
!■ itol, for instance—but when Congress appropriated
ii $100,000 towards that purpose, it never entered
!: into the imagination of any human being that that
! was the whole amount of money which was to
i be expended in execution of the work, but mere-
s' ly that it was supposed to be all that it would be
' necessary to expend until the reassembling of
j| Congress, when a further appropriation would
'[ become necessary. My impression is, that such
' is, and always has been, the practice of the Gov-
' ernment.
:j Mr. BORLAND. With all deference to the
. opinion of the honorable Senatorfrom North Caro-
'' lina, [Mr. Badger,] I must say that I differ from
![ him essentially. My opinion will, of course, pass
!j with others for wha't itmay be intrinsically worth;
I it certainly is authority for myself. I admit that
1 the appropriation of $100,000 does not limit the
President, or the officer charged wifh the execu-
I tion of a work, as to the plan of that work—as
i to the arrangements to be made in view of itscon-
ij tinuation and completion. But I have never be-
ll fore heard the position taken, and I am amazed at
il it now, that the amount of the appropriation did
not limit the executive officer as to the amount
he should expend. If, upon an appropriation of
'] §100,000 he can make contracts to the amount of
i a million and a half of dollars, he may with equal
j! propriety make contracts to the amount of every
j! dollar in the Treasury. The principle is the same,
j1 the authority of law the same, in both instances.
II His own discretion is the only limit. But, sir,
]| how can he know,.how shall he decide, that Con-
j gress will go on with the work, if it is likely to
i involve an extraordinary amount of expenditure
|! more than was contemplated at the time theappro-
priation was made? If that position he admitted,
i! there is no check at all on the Executive. If we
1 pass a resolution or a bill to have a certain work
! executed, and appropriate a certain amount of
' money to be expended in its execution, and the
ii President to disregard the limit thus fixed, there is
i! 110 other limit, no other rule, (according to this
li position,) by which he can be restrained. Sir, if
[I the position of the Senator from North Carolina
ii be correct, the whole Treasury is in the hands of
' the President, without restraint from us; and he
! may go on and make contracts to the amount of
' five or ten or fifty millions of dollars, and we
1 shall be bound to ratify his acts, and foot the bills.
; Nor, upon this position, would there be any obli-
gation on our part to see that those contracts were
fairly made, or kept within proper bounds.
Mr. President, to insist that the expenditures
shall be limited to the amount of the appropria-
tions, is the only way in which we can control
the use of the public money. We cannot, proper.
1 ly, as a general rule, in the public service, pre-
• scribe the plans, and arrrtngethe methods, ofex-
ecuting the several works. That, to some extent,
i must be left to Executive discretion. But the
j; purpose and intention of appropriations—in spe-
ciiic sums, and for specific objects—is to furnish
I this very check and control for which 1 contend.
j! It is the only one we can have. We cannot safe-
,I ly give it up.
