THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32D CONGRE&fcj IbT SESSION.
MONDAY, JULY 11, 1852.
New Series....No. 108,
prietors of the journal will use paper of a poorer
quality, of a lighter weight; and in that maimer
damage the eyesight of the members of the com- <
munity, and the character of its printing reputa-
tion .
It is the policy of ali other countries where lib- .
erty and intelligence prevail—it is the policy of our
fatherland, where journalism has reached the
highest state of advancement, to have large sheets
for newspapers—double and even triple sheets,
which the proprietors of them give to their read-
ers. It would be impossible in a sheet limited
in weight as the first section of the bill now
proposes, properly to spread before the country
the debates of this Congress, so that the commu-
nity could have them in full. Indeed, the coun-
try, us a whole, never do have them, and they
never can have them under such a law as this, for
it prohibits the publication of a newspaperof a size
sufficiently large. The people of my section of
country seldom know now what is said by
Southern men, never, perhaps, in full. The peo-
ple of Mississippi, or of North Carolina, on the
other side, can know little or nothing of what is
said by gentlemen from New York and Vermont.
The cause of the great degree of sectionalism now
pervading this country is, that the inflammatory
speeches made here, from the small size of our
papers, are not widely circulated. The member
from South Carolina sends his speech in pamphlet
form to his people, and they are enraged with the
people of the North for depriving them of their
rights, and some member from New England or
New York rises and tells how the North has been
injured by the people of South Carolina, and they
become enraged and indignant at the outrages in-
flicted upon them. Whereas, were newspapers
sufficiently large, and of greater weight than at
present, spread before the public, ay they are be-
fore the people of Great Britain by London news-
papers which circulate throughout that country,
intelligence would not be as it is now, made sec-
tional. Speeches are sectional, inflammation is
sectional, and the whole tendency of this limita-
tion of the weight of newspapers to two ounces
will be to make everything more and more sec-
tional. Wise and prudent legislators, then, ought
to exert the whole power of the Government to ,
encourage, in the printing of newspapers, the ;
use of the be?t quality of paper, and the largest ,
size, whereas tins section of the bill putsues di- j
rectly a iever.se couise. i
The proposition is to make newspapers small :
and of a vorv poor material, and it is proposed to ,
add the sanction of Coflgre^ to a policy so false j
by express legislation. Do I go too far when I '
say it is unworthy of the a°;e ? A wise Congress j
and wise legislators ought to rather hold nut n pre- 1
mium for the printing of I erg« newspapers and on
good mate-rial, than to affix the penalty proposed
by this bill; and it u:e House will reflect upon it, '
I am sure this idea will be abandoned. Espe- j
eially will it be abandoned when members recollect
the present weight of newspapers is three ounces, t
against which there has been no serious complaint >
on the part of the community.
Mr. Speaker, there are other propositions in- ;
volved in this section, of yet greater importance ,
to the country than those which I havedwelt upon. 1
What has been, and what is now, the demand of
the public? What has been the great eftbrt of the
people, out of and in doors, to ontain from Con- -
grc-ss? Cheap postage: cheap postage upon both ■
fetters and newspapers. Cheap postage would '
have bean obtained last Congress on newspapers, !
but, in the hurry and flurry of the passage of the
bill, late at midnight, never having been read, and i
bems: misapprehended by the House, a bad post- !
age law was made with regard to newspapers. I i
admit that it is necessary to amend and make that ,
law better; but it is not necessary to amend it as <
this bill proposes, by making it worse. I have no :
doubt that the great body of the House entertain i
the idea of the'public who are demanding cheap j
postage on newspapers. This section of the bill, j
however, doubles the postage on newspapers to •
many parts of the country; and the only benefit it 1
108
gives at all is a reduction of postage on great
distances—on newspapers to California and Ore-
gon, which are hardly yet settled. However use-
ful it may be to them, that benefit is obtained by a
positive injury—a positive infliction of damage on
the settled portions of the Union. The present
rate of postage, as shown by the table T have be-
fore me, for any distance not exceeding fifty miles,
is twenty-live cents per quarter upon a daily news-
paper. The proposition of this bill upon a two-
ounce newspaper, or a newspaper a grain over
one ounce, is to convert that twenty-live cents for
a distance not exceeding fifty miles into a postage
of seventy-eight cents per quarter. Here is cheap
postage for you!
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman will see that he
there labors under a mistake. This seventy-eight
cents is to be paid only in case the postage be not
prepaid. If prepaid, it is only thirty-nine cents.
Mr. BROOKS. It is thirty-nine on one-ounce
papers, and seventy-eight on two-ounce papers.
Am I right?
Mr. OLDS assented.
Mr. BROOKS. 1, then, by the assent of the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Oflice and
Post Roads, state that upon one-ounce newspapers
for a distance of fifty miles, this bill proposes an
increase of postage from twenty-five to thirty-
nine cents; upon two-ounce newspapers to seventy-
eight cents; and upon two-and-a-half or three
ounce newspapers yet more per quarter. This
reaches almost every man in whose district a
newspaper is printed; for within a circle of fifty
miles, in order to take a daily newspaper weighing
one ounce, you have to pay thirty-nine cents post-
age, and for a newspaper weighing two ounces,
seventy-eight cents per quarter. I am right in
these facts, and it is necessary the House should
understand them. Now, if the distance be over
fifty miles, and does not exceed three hundred
miles, the present postage is fifty cents. By this
bill, upon an ounce newspaper the postage would
be seventy-eight cents, being an increase of twen-
ty-eight cents. The postage would, of course, on
papers of a greater weight, be more, especially if
they printed extra sheets. In case the newspaper
weighs but one ounce, and goes beyond the gentle-
man 's district, there is a diminution of postage;
but in case it goes beyond fifty, and under three
hundied miles, the rate of postage, I repeat, is
incieased from fifty to seventy-eight cents per
quarter. When the distance is over one thousand
miles there is a decrease of postage; but one thou-
sand miles is a large sweep. It reaches to the
greater portion of the settled parts of the country,
is the House ready to make the large increase of
pobfege on newspapers proposed by this bilP Is
it ready to take a proposition for increase into
consideration, when there is a universal cry for
cheap postage, cheap newspapers, and cheap in-
telligence? I put it to the House whether, when
the country asks for biead, it is urgent to give it
stone ?
As I said at the start, the long, the great dis-
tances stretching beyond one thousand miles there
is a decrease of postage, because the postage under
the old bill was enormously and outrageously
high. I am glad there is a decrease; but this de-
crease should be extended in proportion,ay,''more
in proportion to the settled reading portions of the
country, who desire intelligence, and that circula-
tion of intelligence which would make one part of
this country well acquainted with the other. Mr.
Speaker, this House, in adopting the bill of the
last Congress, committed a great mistake, with
which the country is not satisfied, and with which
the country will not be satisfied. Before we repeat
this mistake, let us ponder well and act deliberately
upon the items in this first section of the bill,for a
bill greater in importance to the great body of the
reading public cannot come before us. One por-
tion of the community should have the opportu-
nity of well understanding the other. The great
effort of Congress should be the circulation of
cheap newspapers, cheap intelligence at a low rate
of postage, so as to bring the several sections to
an understanding of the various rights and inter-
ests of each other. The whole effect of this first
section of the bill is to reverse this wise maxim, if
it be admitted a wise maxim. I hope the House
will undertake no such business as that. I hope
we will act upon the bill deliberately, and I make
the suggestion here, because I may not be able to
make it hereafter, that the bill 'be printed in a
proper form, accompanied by a report setting forth
all tiie facts, all the changes proposed to the old
bill. Let it pass through the hands of the printer,
with the amendments interlined, and be deliber-
ately acted,upon. If, then, we choose to take the
responsibility of increasing the rate of postage,
and limiting the size of newspapers, it will be
alone upon our shoulders.
Mr. OLDS. I ask the attention of the House
for a few moments, though I am not sure I can
mftke myself very intelligible, for this is a very
intricate subject indeed. When I tell the House
we have more than seventy distinct rates of post-
age on the newspapers of the country, they-will
perceive how difficult it will'be for me to mate the
House understand, and I do not know that I
reaily understand myself how this bill will bear
ujwn the different*distances fixed by the old law.
Mr. DANIEL. Has not the morning hour ex-
pired '
Mr. OLDS. I move to recommit the bill to the
Committee on the Post Oflice and Post Roads.
Mr. DANIEL. 1 move to go to the business on
the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it be in order for me
to make a motion to suspend the rules of the
House to go into the Committee of the Whole
upon the deficiency bill?
Tiie SPEAKER. It is not in order until the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Daniel] is disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 have a great desire to dis-
pose of the bill now before the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HENN. I wish to offer an amendment,
by unanimous consent, to the second section of
the bill, so that it may be printed in the Globe in
the morning.
The SPEAKER, We have not yet reached it.
Mr. HENN. i know it is not in order, but
by unanimous consent, I wish to offer it so that
it may be printed.
The following is the amendment proposed by
Mr. Henk:
Atifl tiie following to the second section :
Thp pre^-uhnit-; of universities, college?, ocademies, and
of ali scientific institutions., ami al^o the Smithsonian Insti-
tution. may send by man,fiee of [jo.-ta.ip,the printed copies
of any loirular papc.-, pamphlet, or book published undar
the lutlumtv of a>:v such institution; and aKo the proof-
Mr'c'i * of such copies while the ea rie are being ptibhfhed:
Putu'cd, Such primed copies j?hail Ije distribute gratis.
There lining no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. Unle?s the gentleman de-
sires to get to the business upon the Speaker's ta-
ble, and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] will
yield me the lloor for that purpose, I will make
the motion to go into Committee of the Whole on
the s'ateof the Union. 1 am exceedingly anxious
to get through with the deficiency bill with as lit-
le delay as possible.
Mr. DAX1 EL. The House having passed by
for a long: while private bills, I am exceedingly
anxious that they should be now considered. I
therefore insist upon my motion.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dan-
iel's motion, and if was not agreed to.
So the House refused to proceed to the business
upon the Speaker's (able.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentlemen from Ohio
yields me the floor, and I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the union.
Mr. FOWLED. . I wish to understand if the
gentleman from Ohio moved to recommit the bill
under discussion ?
The SPEAKER. That motion was made and
entered upon the Journal.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to.
