,850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
Mr. WALSH. J move to amend the resolution
.by striking out the words, " the Committee on
NavaJ Affairs," and inserting " the Committee on
Commerce." Kindred inquiries are now in prog-
ress before that Co.mmittee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I apprehend that the sub-
ject belongs legitimately to the Committee on Na-
val affairs. The law or regulation would have to
, be adopted in vessels of the U nited States, and that
would establish the law so far as the commercial
marine of the country is concerned. I have no
objection, however, to its going to the Committee
on Commerce, and will accept the amendment of
the gentleman from Maryland.
The question was then taken on the resolution
as'modified, and it was agreed to.
CLAIM OF GEORGE METCALFE.
Mr. HARPER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was consid-
ered' and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims inquire into the
expediency of paying to George Metcalfe, of Oluo, the sum
of $140, being tho amount of his claim for damages arising
frojn the building of the bridge over Will's creek, on the
Cumberland road; said amount having beon allowed to him
by the Secretary of War, on the 28th day of September,
mo,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOWLER. I would ask the gentleman
from Alabama to waive his motion for a moment,
for the purpose of allowing me to ask the House
to permit the morning hour to be taken up in pre-
senting reports from committees. There are prob-
ably more than a hundred such reports m our
drawers, and several of us have had them for
weeks, but have had no opportunity of presenting
them. Now, if the gentleman from Alabama will
withdraw his motion, and allow the morning hour
to be thus occupied, with the understanding that
no debate shall take place, we can present those
reports and bills.
The SPEAKER. The call of committees for
reports will be in order if the House refuses to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the stale of
the Union, the Committee on Public Lands being
the first to be called. .
Mr. FOWLER,." "Will it not be'in order to call
the committees for reports, with a general under-
standing that the bills shall be referred without
debate ?
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. FOWLER. Well, that is my sole object.
Mr. APPLETON, of Maine. There are bills,
also, upon the Speaker's table which had better be
disposed of.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 am willing to dispose of
those also-.
Tho SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts?
Several Members objected.
Mr. FLOYD asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the House, the papers in the case of Jep-
tha A. Wilkinson, for the purpose of returning
them to the memorialist.
Mr. ORR. Is it not unusual to withdraw the
papers and "return them to the memorialists?
The SPEAKER,. If the gentleman copies the
papers, there will be no objection.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I insist on my motion
to ;ro into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to—ayes 80, noes
not counted.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
(Mi. Sttart in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is House bill No. 207, to supply defi-
ciencies in appropriations for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1R52; the following clause of the bill
being under consideration.
"For constructing, tepauinp, and enlarging barrack®
quartets, hospitals, store-houses, stables, wharves, and
ways, at the several posts and army deputy for temporary
cantonments, and the authorized furniture for barrack-
roomsofnon-coimnissioned officers and soldiers. gun>hou«es
for the protection of cannon, including the necessary tools
and materials for the objects enumerated, and for rent of
quurterri, and offices for officers, and bairacks and hospitals
for troops, where there are no public buildings for their ac-
commodation. for store houses for the feafo-keeping of mili-
tary stores, and of grounds for summer cantonments and
encampments, $219,000."
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
had proposed to amend the above by striking out
" ^219,000,"and inserting6'$100,000." To which
amendment, his colleague [Mr. Mason] had pro-
posed an amendment to increase the amount $12.
The question was taken upon the two several
amendments, and they were rejected.
The next paragraph of the bill was then re-
ported by the Clerk, as follows:
"For clothing, camp, and garrison equipage, and horse
equipments, foi engineers, troops, ordnance department,
dragoons, riflemen, light-artillery, artillery and infantrv,
$•75,000.
Mr. GORMAN. I move to reduce the appro-
priation §5,000.
Mr. Chairman, upon this item the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Houston] yesterday remarked, that if I had
examined it, I should not have fallen into this
blander. I said then, to the House, that there had
been appropriated $242,538 65, for the clothing and
other equipage of the army, in the regular army
bill. I said then that some §80,000 had been di-
verted from the purpose for which Congress had
appropriated it, and that it had been paid to the
officers of the Army. I said that there was a law
authorizing the tiansfer of sums of money from
one point to another to meet the necessary ex-
penses of the Government; but that can only take
place when there was a surplus. Th?t is the law;
and if the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means had been as well posted upon it as he
might have been, he would not have fallen into the
blunder which he did upon this point. Now, the
quartermaster general says he inquired at the
Treasury, and found that the balance, $80,538 65,
had been applied to the settlement of paymasters
and other officers' accounts; someof theni origina-
ting in the war with Mexico.
Mr. HOUSTON. T rise to a point of order,
j We have not yet settled what is to be the action of
the committee upon this bill. If we go on with this
general debate, we shall never dispose of the bill.
1 am perfectly willing that it should go on if the
committee wish it.' I feelbound again this morn-
ing, at the beginning of the debate, to make the
point of order which I made yesterday. I under-
stand the motion of the eentleman to be to reduce
this appropriation $5,000; and in support of his
amendment he is reviewing my argument made
yesterday, and going into a general debate upon
the propriety or impropriety of transferring the
public money from one head of appropriation to
another. I understand the rule to he that he must
confine himself to the discussion of this one item.
Mr. GORMAN. I am upon that identical item
in the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON.
not the argument—
Mr. GORMAN.
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opiti-
S ion that the gentleman must confine himselfstrictly
to giving reasons why this appropriation should
be reduced to §5,000. The Cha ir cannot see the
relevancy of the course of argument the.gentleman
was pursuing when he was called to order by the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hobston.]
Mr. GORMAN. If the Chair cannot see the
relevancy of my remarks I will try to enlighten him
upon the subject.
I said I wanted to reduce the appropriation
$5,000; and that was my motion. I said that the
quartermaster general estimated the last year,
for this item, $242,000, and that he did not use all
the money appropriated, but that £80,000 had
been diverted to another purpose, and expended
1 for another object. Now, I say this appropria-
tion of $75,000 is not necessary. And why? Be-
1 cause we have already appropriated the amount,
j and more than the amount, asked for—more than
I $75,000—-which has been diverted to anotherpur-
j pose, without authority of law. What authority
I had they to divert it from the particular object for
j which it was appropriated ? They could not do
j it unless there was a surplus for the object for
j which it was originally "designed; but it seems
, that, instead of there being a surplus, there was a
: deficiency. The quartermaster general says it
| has been appropriated to paymasters—to settle the
1 paymaster's accounts, someof them originating in
the war with Mexico. I de not ears where they
You are upon the item, but
I am upon the precise argu-
originated. I have not time to go into these spe-
cific items in a five minutes' speech; but if I had,
I could detail some of these items coming under
this head, by which gentlemen would then see
how much necessity there was for this appropria-.
tion of ^75,000. Why, there has been sold, I
apprehend, §150,000 worth of clothing, which has
been ©n hand perhaps twelve months in the quar-
termaster's department. I learn that this iS a fact,
though I have not been officially informed of it.
And why were they sold ? Because they had been
on hand a little longer than those connected with
that department thought they ought to have been.
Now, if this item, which was taken from them
and appropriated for the use of the army, had
been applied as it was intended it should be, there
would have been no necessity for this $75,000.
It is impossible for gentlemen upon this floor
to recite the items connected with this appropria-
tion in five minutes, and I caiinot do it now; but
I can say to the chairman of the Comrr.utee of
Ways and Means that I have taken pains—a good
deal of pains—to examine every item and specific
object connected with it; and if he will call at my
deski^fcan show him those items. Here are some*
of them: There are troops stationed in New Mex-
ico, California, and Texas, amounting to 2,712;
now there are 1,000 employees in the quartermas-
ter's department—1,000 men employed to haul pro-
visions for and feed 2,712 soldiers!
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EVANS. I did not hear the gentleman
fi-om Indiana [Mr. Gorman] very distinctly; but
I understood him to say that there was no law
authorizing a transfer of an appropriation from
one branch of a department to another.
Mr. GORMAN. I said there was no such au-
thority, unless there was a surplus.
Mr. EVANS. Well, sir, I beg to refer the
gentleman to the act of the 26th of August, 1842.
It may be found in the fifth volume of the Statutes
at Large. If the gentleman will look at that he
will find that he is entirely mistaken. That act
especially provides for such a transfer of appro-
priations. Mr. Chairman, in reference to the gen-
tleman 's remarks upon his proposition to reduce
the amount of appropriation in this section, I could
show, if time allowed, that his argument is not
well founded.
Mr. GORMAN. I wish the gentleman would
allow me to read these estimates. I am sure the
gentleman does me injustice.
Mr. EVANS. I have not time to hear them
read now; and I certainly intend to do no injustice
to the gentleman. •
Mr. GORMAN. These estimates of thequar-
termaster general explain all.
Mr. EVANS. I cannot have my time taken
up. I will take back all I said in relation to them.
Mr. GENTRY. No, do not take it back.
Mr. EVANS. I tell the gentleman from Ten-
nessee I want to save my time, and therefore I
will take it back, in a Pickwickian sense. I want
to make a proposition to the other side of the
House. I appeal to my friends there, that they
should not insist upon cutting down these appro-
priations while they continue to maintain the Army
and Navy, and the civil and diplomatic corps in
their full force. I venture to say that no one upon
this side of the House will interpose any objection
to their introducing a bill or bills, to-morrow, ma-
king provision for cutting down the army, and
for cutting off the forage from the troops in New
Mexico, if it is not, as gentlemen say, necessary
to provide them with forage.
Mr. HALL. I have no doubt the gentleman
would be perfectly satisfied to have Congress
make the appropriation and takethe responsibility,
while the Whig Administration in power draws
the pay.
Mr. EVANS. I hope the gentleman will not
take up my time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am compelled to arise to a
question of order.
Mr. EVANS. I hope the Chairman will allow
me my full time, for gentlemen, by their interrup-
tions, have somewhat disarranged my ideas.
Gentlemen have said that forage was not neces-
sary for horses in New Mexico, because the Gov-
ernment did not pay for forage to Doniphan's
troops. If no money for forage was received by
those troops, it was because they quartered them-
selves upon the enemy; but what enemy can our
troops be now quartered upon? Must they
