1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8ol
plunder the people they are sent to protect? Don-
iphan's troops oid not do without forage; but they
got it without pay. Now, do gentlemen want to
throw the army upon the same resources, in a
friendly country which we are bound to defend
and protect? If they really honestly wish to di-
minish expenses, let them bring in a bill to-mor- !
row, and I will venture to say not one gentleman j
upon this side of the House will object to it.
Bring in a bill cutting off this forage. Bring in
another cutting off the supplies for the subsistence
department. Bring m another cutting down your I
army. Cut clown your navy. Reduce your j
civil corps. Make all these leforms, and we will j
not object to the introduction of your bills. Let J
gentlemen bring in their bills for true reform, if j
they wish to reduce the appropriations, and not !
attempt to reduce them while they continue the
army and navy in their full force.
Mr. HOUSTON. I must rise to a question of
order. I am sure gentlemen desire to get through
with this bill.
Mr. EVANS. Why, we will get up quite a
reform if you let me go on.
Mr. HOUSTON. I must object to this irrel-
evant debate. I desire to see the committee voting
upon the bill; and I am sure the committee are
anxious to dispose of it. I make this po<nt of
order, and I intend to insjstupon it. The gentle-
man is not debating the amendment under consi-
deration.
Mr. EVANS. My friend, knowing that I am
a good-natured man, makes all his points of order
upon me.
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly not. I made a
point upon the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dunham,] the other day, but it was overruled by
the Chair. I do hope this sort of debate will not
be continued.
The CHAIR. The Chair is of the opinion
that the remarks of the gentleman from Maryland
are not in order.
Mr. EVANS. I thought the Chair decided the
other day that a wide range of debate could be
allowed upon a proposition to strike out an entire
clause of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The question nowbefore
the committee is not to strike out an entire clause
in the bill, but to strike out simply the word
"seventy," reducing the amount of the appro-
priation from £75,000 to $5,000. The Chair thinks
the gentleman was not confining his remarks to
the articles specified in the clause under consider-
ation; but was discussing those in the clause im-
mediately preceding it, and he therefore rules that
the gentleman's remarks were not in order.
Mr. EVANS. The Chair is clearly right in his
decision.
Now, with what propriety can the gentleman
undertake to reduce this appropriation to §5,000?
Can lie with any honesty—I do not mean per-
sonal, but political honesty—as a statesman, un-
dertake to cut off this appropriation, when he
insists upon the continuance of Government poli-
cy—policy which requires the money this section
of the bill provides for? I tell the gentleman again,
that if he wishes to bring this reduction about, he
must go to work in a different manner. If to rage,
for instance, is not necessary, as has been asserted,
let him bring in a bill cutting it on; let him move
to put the bill on its passage; let him diminish the
army, the navy—in a word, all branches of the
Government generally. His party has a large
majority in this and in the other branch of Con-
gress, and they can pass their bills, and that will
place them in a position consistent with them-
selves. Why, I tellgentlemen upon the other side
of the House, that if their party should come into
power—which, for the sake of the Republic, God
forbid!—for the next four years, being then ob-
liged to vote these large sums of money for the
quartermaster's department which they now desire
to refuse, they will then be taunted with their ex-
travagance; and having, by their action now, fore-
closed themselves from any answer; they will be
placed in a position of such inconsistency that it
will become a matter of greater embarrassment
than they can imagine.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The next section, being " for pay of five ^com-
panies of Texas mounted volunteers, $80,741, '
was then read.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to strike out that sec-
tion. I do it for the purpose of hearing what the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard] has to say
upon the subject. I wj&}  to say that this item,
and the one before it for subsistence, are not defi-
ciencies created by this Administration.
Mr. HOWARD. I have only to say, that these
troops were called info the service of the United
States by the order of the commanding general of
that division, and that they served out their time,
but the last Congress neglected to make an appro-
priation for their payment; m other words, because
the department neglected to estimate the expenses
which weie to become due for these services in
their estimate submitted to the last Congress, the
appropriation was not made. It is, therefore,
properly adeficiency: and now that I am up, I wish
to notice one or two observations which fell from
the gentleman from Indiana jjMr. Gorman] on
yesterday. He says and urges that we shall cut
down the supplies of the quartermaster's depart-
ment*; and his economy would result in tins: He
is opposed to cutting down appropriations forpnv
for subsistence, and for clothing for the army, but
he wishes to reduce the quartermaster's depart-
ment. Now, what would be the result of that?
You would incur four fifths of the expense for the
support of the army: but, by withholding supplies
from the quartermaster's department, you would
render it impossible for the general to make any
movement of his troops in the field, or to make
any disposition of them which will be an effectual
protection of the frontier? because e^ery man
knows that the quartermaster's supplies are the
life-blood of the movements of the army m the
field: and that unless^they have the supplies, you
might as well disband the army. The gentleman's
economy would be to keep up the expenses of the
army, and yet put it m su< h a condition that it
could not move or art in the field.
Well, sir, the remarks of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hall] was equally at fualt in re-
lation to this matter. He argues that the men
should be mounted on Mustang pon.es;thar, the
troops should not be fed; and that this species of
force should be put in pursuit of the Indians.
Now, I would like to see the gentleman upon a
bob-tailpony, fed upon grass,in puisaii oflndifnvs
well mounted, and who ride as expertly as any
riders in the world.
There is another fact connected with this mat-
ter. When an Indian goes upon an expedition,
he goes with four or six horses. And what chance
would the gentleman have, with his single pony, of
overtaking the Indian with his four or six well
fed pomes ?
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) I would like to ask
the gentleman what the Indians feed their horses
upon? He says the Indians are well mounted, and
the horses well fed.
Mr. HOWARD. They feed their horses upon
grass; but there is a difference between one horse,
and five or six horses to ride. The Indian rides
one horse until he runs him down, or tires him
out, and then he takes another. But your dragoon
is to be mounted upon one grass-fed pony, and he
is to ride that pony until he overtakes the Indians,
and then is to make a charge upon them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to in-
quire whether it is in order to move to lay aside
so much of this bill as relates to the quartermas-
ter's supplies, to be reported by the committee to
the House, with a recommendation that it be re-
ferred to a'select committee, with instructions? I
do not propose to strike it all out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] that he can attain that object by moving
to strike out all in this bill pertaining to the quar-
termaster's department. If the House will strike
it out, it can then be refened to a select commit-
tee.
Mr. MARSHALL. If it is in order, then,
with the view that when we get into the House we
may have the yeas and nays upon tins part of the
deficiency bill, 1 move to strike it all out. from line
thirty to hue ninety, with the understanding that
when we get into the House, if it is stricken out,
1 will then move that it be referred to a select com-
mittee, with instructions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] that he
| misunderstood the gentleman from Tennessee,
i [Mr. Joktes.] It is not in order now, in commit-
] tee, to move to strike out the appropriations for
the quartermaster's department, for the reason
i that they have been passed by the committee, and
the committee have refused to strike them out.
1 They are now, so far as this committee is con-
j cerned, adopted. It may be in order to move to
1 strike out in the House, but it clearly is not in
1 order to move that in the committee now.
' The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state his
; view of the motion of the gentleman from Ken-'
' tuckv, [Mr. Marshall.] The Chair thinks that
, if the motion had been made in time, before the
committee had passed fmm (he sections proposed
' to be stricken out to other sections, the mo'iou
would have been in order; but that it is now too
late, tiie committee having passed by that portion
j of the bill, and also three or four other clauses
' subsequent to it.
I Mr. ORR. The course indicated by the gen-
i tleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] can be
| followed, provided that he will, when the bill gets
; into the House, yield the floor to allow the mo-
tion to be made to strike out, before he moves
, the previous question.
J Mr. HOUSTON. That is not in order. I
j have no arrangement to make in regard to it.
' Mr. EVANS. The rule which the Chair has
| laid down is undoubtedly correct to every bill
! containing more than one section; but this is a
| bill of one section merely; and it seems to me—
; and 1 submit it to the Chair with all due respect—
i that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
• siivll] had a right to go back at any tune to any
! ponton of the lull.
; 1 The CHAIRMAN The Chair will say to
; the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans] that
the language of the rule is not section, but clause,
■ and prescribes that the bill shall be read through;
and the- that it shall be read and considered by its
clauses, not sections.
Mr. MARSHALL. I withdraw my motion,
under the decision of the Chair, with the under-
standing that, if I can, I will make the motion to
■ the House.
' Mr. BROOKS. I want to inquire if the com-
j initlee have passed lines one hundred and seven
| and one hundred and eight—" for surveying pri-
; vate claims m California $7,500?"
j The CHAIRMAN. They have been read,
i Mr. BROOKS. I wanted to move to strike
I them out, together with the preceding clause, in
; regard*to subdividing fifty townships in Califor-
! ma, for the purpose of hearing the gentleman
! from California [Mr. McCorkle] upon" them.
!j The CHAIRMAN. It is still m order to move
!' the amendment.
II Mr. BROOKS. I then make the motion. I
: will here remark, in passing, that I see that the
! Governor of California, in his late message, says,
that under the swamp land bill which the previous
. Congress passed, all the arablelands of California
belong to'her—amounting to some 10,000,000 of
acresrI think. If that be the fact, it is hardly
necessary to incur this additional expense, for the
purpose of surveying them. Most of the lands of
California are necessarily irrigated, and when ir-
!' rigated, become swamp lauds; and it is wiser,
| therefore, for us, if the Governor of California is
j1 correct, to strike out these two items, and make
I no more appropriations. But my object in making
| the motion, is to hear the gentleman from Califor-
j, ma defend the two items; and if they are correct,
I' I am willing to vote for them,
j! Mr. McCORKLE. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from New York, if the first item to which
i; he refers is contained in the hundred and seventh
i and hundred and eighth lines?
j: Mr. BROOKS. The items to which I refer,
1 are from line one hundred and four to line one
i hundred and eight, inclusive.
Mr. McCORKLE. I will state, for the m-
t formation of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] and others, that so far as the message of
1 the Governor is concerned, his estimates, m regard
to the public lands in California, are founded upon
his own individual opinion. The arable lands
' of California have not yet been surveyed. We
claim, of course, under the law granting, ow":
i ally, to Arkansas and to other States, all the
j swami) lands of California. We claim that they
|, are the oroperty of the State, for a specific pur-
li pose; uader the decision of the Secretary ot the
