1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1717
made his speech upon that occasion. In Mr. Jef-
ferson'« report on commercial privileges and re-
strictions, he took the ground distinctly which is
now taken by us, that when other nations give
privileges and advantages to their shipping, that
the very principle of free competition, of free
tiade, tequiies that we should meet them by
countervailing regulations.
I wish I had time to go into this subject fully.
Mr. Jefferson said that when one nation gives ad-
vantages to its navigation over those of any other,
there were but two ways to remove this inequal-
ity. One was byfriendly negotiation, which was
preferable, if it could be successful, but, if it was
not, the other was' by countervailing regulations.
He says, after going on to say that friendly ne-
gotiation was the better course, it practicable:
" But should any nation, contrary to our wished, suppose
i! may better find it* advantage by continuing iW ostein
of prohibition*-.; duties, and regulation^, it behooves lis to
protect our citizens, their commcrce and navigation, by
counter-prohibit!oiis, duties.and regulations also. Frcscom-
macc a jo' nutation. are not to be given in exchange for
re-trictjony ?rid vexations,nor a'O tilcv likely to produce a
relaxation nf them.''
Now, sir, it has been said that the principle of
protecting manufactures is involved in this pro-
vision. Why, sir, nobody, under the clause to
regulate commerce, has ever doubted that we
might pass countervailing regulations, with a view
to commercial objects, to meet those of other na-
tions. It' any one doubts it, let him look to the
history of the fortnaUoti of the Constitution. Let
him look to our whole legislation, especially re-
specting our intercourse with the West India Isl-
ands. "if he doubts our rights to foster our navi-
gation and raise up a school for seamen, let him
look to i he fishing bounties which have extended
down to this very day, notwithstanding the neces-
sity for them has disappeared.
No, sir, what we free-traders have objected to
was, that in the tariff laws the power to regulate
commerce was perverted to the power to encourage
manufactures. What we have objected to in tar-
iffs of protection is, L'nat it was not the bona fide
intention f the law to regulate commerce, but
under the pretext of doing th:.t, to cripple com-
merce and encourage manufactures. Phatis what
we have objected to. it has never been objected
that Congress could not pass countervailing regu-
lations for the purpose of regulating commerce,
nor has anybody even questioned the authority
of Congress to jurisdiction over navigation. Has
anybody ever questioned the authority of this
Government to pass countervailing regulations
with the very view of enforcing that equality
which is the very soul and life of free tiade itself.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment if there is no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand a vote
upon the amendment.
* The Question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was not agreed to.-
Mr SEYMOUR, of New Ttork. 1 move to
strike out of the proviso, " six months" and in-
sert41 ten months."
Mr. Chairman, I regret my necessary absence
from the business of the House for a tew days
'past, as it has depiived me of the opportunity of
presenting my views upon this important question
at length. I deem the proposition now before the
committee, in reference to tlx Collins line, to be
one of the most importantquestions that has come
before this House during the piesent session, or
"ha1 "an be presented. I know, sir, that the citi-
zens of* the State I have the honor in part to rep-
resent, feel a deep interest m the success of the
Collins line; but, sir, any disposition I might nave
to meet the wishes of my own feliow-citi^ens,
would never induce me to sustain^ a measure
which I did not believe to be constitutional, and lu
be consistent with the general weal.
I believe that those considerations whien pertain
to the general welfare of the country, so far as It
may be involved in this proposition, outweign
anything of a local character that concerns this
subject.5 So far as the constitutional question is
concerned, 1 never have had the least doubt upon
ilie sublet. In my examination of the question,
! ivI'M led paiticulariv to a oonsideiation of those
Li-s'tth.c'h tlie gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
ULY,j has. just alluded to, and which lie at the
very foundation of the commercial prosperity of
this country—laws, sir, introduced at an early
period of our Government, and which have been
maintained hitherto, and enforced in all their rigor,
for the purpose of building up our commerce, and
which have done it, and thereby have taken from
our great commercial rival, just as is proposed to be
done now by the operation of the system of steam
marine, the monopoly of trade upon the ocean.
Sir, I have heard the cry of monopoly raised
against this proposition. What monopoly? A
monopoly, sir, which shall defeat the British mo-
nopoly which they enjoyed for six or seven years
before the Collins line was established, and in the
enjoyment of which they have cleared more than
five millions of dollars, and by which they were
able to put on, in competition with the very line
we have established between New York and Liv-
erpool, a splendid line of steamers, without which,
I ventui e to assert, this increased appropriation
forty years, and mark the progress of events.
In 1811 there was but one steamboat afloat upon
the waters of the Mississippi. A trip from Cin-
cinnati to New Orleans, a distance about equal to
i that from New York to Liverpool, was then made
; in about fifteen days—cost of passage from §60 to
' $80. In 1852 about five hundred steamboats float
I upon the bosom of the Mississippi and its tribu-
! taries: the usual time of passage from Cincinnati
! to New Orleans is about six days: first class of
! passage from $15 to $20, and freights in a similar
' ratio. This change has been the result of the un-
; trammeled enterprise of our citizens, unaided by
; donations from the public Treasury. Can it be
i that Western Representatives, representing a con-
stituency who have often repudiated a system of
protection, forget to manifest their abhorrence of
1 this most qbnoxious system for the draining of the
would not be necessary to maintain the Collins ;■ Treasury, which must, in its practical effects, de-
line. For had the Cunarders remained of the same j' mand an increase of the tariff to supply an ex-
tonnage and swiftness as when the Collins line was j hausted exchequer ? Sir, I cannot, with certainty,
projected, no gentleman can fail to see that the p picture what would have been the effects of this
compensation which the Government paid to them p system of protection which is now sought to be
of §385,000 a year would have been sufficient to !■ fixed upon the country, in aid of this Collins line,
have transferred this monopoly from England, and ; and the various other lines which are now appeal-
given it to our own country. And is there really ; ing to Congress for aid. If it had been adopted
any objection to such a result? When there must be j; upon our Western waters, I venture the assertion
I a monopoly either by the British or by ourselves 1' that it would have checked the enterprise of our
j—(for that is inevitable in the present state of !' people, and probably overshadowed the advance-
: tilings)—where is the American that is not pre- ;■ ment of her great interests. Their is something
pared to stand by his, own country in this matter
I But, sir, 1 have said that irrespective of these
■ commercial considerations there are other views
1 pertaining to tins proposition, of a higher charac-
! ter, and those are the bearings it has upon our
I naval marine.' I consider that the great question
i which overrides all others. For I think the time
j has come—if it has not already been decided and
| settled m the American mind—the time has come
j when we must settle the question, whether we are
j to increase our tia\dl power, or not-, and if we
i determine to increase it, and to make it comport
' with our position and character as one of the
; great Powers of the world, whether that shall be j
j done in'the old made of expensive ships-of-the-hne I
' and frigates, to lie in time of peace and rot in our
j docks, or by building up lines of mail steamers,
I so constructed as to be easily convertible into war
! steamers.
1 I Here the hammer fell.]
! Mr. RWEETSER. Mr. Chairman, I do not
feel at liberty to remain silent at this crisis of the
debate. 1 agree with the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Seymour,] that this is an important
question. I believe this to be a question of grave
import. It is one which should be discussed with
that kind of care and examination which becomes
a deliberative body, acting upon great and import-
ant interests. An appeal has been made, not only
to our interests, but to our patriotism—our national
pride. This is the proper forum where such an
appeal should be made upon a grave question of
this character. I rise for the purpose of respond- .
ing, so far as I have the ability, for those whom I
I have the honor upon this floor to repiesent. I j
am willing to assume the full responsibility of the i
vote 1 shall ultimately give, and I will here avow j
that it is my determination to vote against the |
I Collins line of steamers. The reasons for that j
i vote I will assign. I represent in part the great |
' valley of the West, and I desire to present a point i
I to Western men upon which it seems to me their i
! vote should be predicated. In so doing 1 do not j
! hope to be listened to with favor by gentlemen j
who are protectionists in principle and in practice. !
i I wil! say to those gentlemen on my right, as was
: said by one of old, that " Ephraim is joined to ;
: his idols; let him alone." -
| It will be found, by reference to the report of i
! liie Secretary of the Treasury for 1852, that more ,
than half of the steam fleet of the American con- j
1 tment is unon the waters of the Mississippi and ;
1 its tributaries. It is the largest steam fleet in the |
1 world. Its size is conclusive evidence of its sue- ;
cess and superiority for its purpose to any in the ,
!'■ world. By it, freight is carried at a lower price ,
I! than by aiiv other mode of conveyance known m ;
),is age of'improvement. These steamboats carry I
crs on the average for one cent per mile,
about this vampire system that is exhausting and
destructive.
The mighty West has progressed, as I have
attempted briefly to detail, with many obstacles in
. her track. Her great rivers have been obstructed
- by rafts and swigs. She has asked for appropria-
tions to clean out the great national highways, in
I order that her surplus might float safely to the
sea-board. Whenever such an appeal is made, the
i very men and interests that are wide awake in this
scheme, slumber most profoundly upon this cry
of national pride, and national interests. Sir, let
us provide first for the safety of our internal com-
merce, and not be led away from our true policy,
by ah unmeaning appeal to our national pride. I
am willing that the broad ocean shall be open to
the fair competition of the world; and whenever
the carrying trade can be done cheaper by our
nation than another, it will nght'itself. The loss
complained of by this line of steamers may be the
result of extravagance or mismanagement; if for
1 either cause, I am not prepared to open theTreas-
, ury for relief.
j I now call upon Western Representatives to
' look to Western interests, and point to Western
1 success; and turn a deaf ear to the threatened sug-
gestions which have been, and will be, made by
1 speculators, in behalf of this system of protection.
It is known that we are called upon to adopt a
, system in relation to ocean steamers, _ that will
; drain the Treasury of from six to eight millions per
i annum, an amount far beyond the expenses of the
legislative, executive, and judicial departments of
the Government. If we vote the amount desired
by the Collins line, we fix upon Congress a pre-
cedent that will sink the Treasury to the whole
extent of the estimate which 1 have given. Sir,
! I feel alarmed when 1 contemplate the practical
results of such legislation.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. f move the following as
■an addition to the proviso:
JimI provided further, That the President be requite a
to enter into negotiation with the Government of Great
Britian and other foreign Governments, with a view oi
making such regulations as may be necessary to preven*
the interference with private enteipr^e by vessel* owned
wholly or in pait by Government.
It wui be perceived by the committee that this
is an important amendment. It strikes me that
it is ri"ht. It has reference to what I alluded to
on yesterday, and I hope it will be adopted. It
is probable this system will go on, and that it
will be adopted by other foreign Governments,
The French are now speaking of it, and other
foreign Governments will establish lines to com-
pete Injuriously with our own private establish-
ments.' I thei efore think it would be very well
for all the Governments in the world to agree that
;; passengers on '^=e or one cen p. 11 . u-J- -fl- oomffie,.ce bfi ^, 0,
1!rotofe ceS : by private capital, and have an undersong
dred miles. This lieet is entirely the result of in- | that Government vessels not to einbaik m i..
i • i i without governmental aid. ' I hope the amendment will be adopte .
IIt usgohack lor a molent for the space of 1 Mr. FREEMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
