17 IB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
merit, and in the few remarks I have to make I
desire to call the attention of the committee to a
position or two of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly.] He takes the ground that we have
the constitutional right.to make this appropri-
ation, under that provision of the Constitution,
as i understand him, which provides that Con-
gress shall have- power " to regulate commerce
with foreign nations." The complete negative of
that,proposition will be found on the face,of the
bill itself; and i am astounded the gentleman
should have made a point of that character before
this committee. There is no provision in this bill
««to regulate commerce with foreign nations." It
declares only that the Collins line shall be paid a
certain sum of money for transporting the mails
of the United States. The power of Congress
over the rtfails is not inferential -from that of
regulating commerce, either foreign or domesitc,
but is a positive grant to establish post offices and j
post roads. Let him come forward with his prop-
osition to regulate commerce with foreign nations,
and we will then have an opportunity to discuss
the question. Sir, was itcontended by Mr. Mad-
ison and Thomas Jefferson that the power simply
to regulate commerce should enable the Congiess of
the United States to bestow a bounty on a private
corporation to the amount of thousands—ay,
millions of dollars? And this is what is called
regulating commerce with foreign nations I Sir,
gentlemen have mistaken the clause of the Consti-
tution under which this appropriation is to be
made. It may be found more appropriately in
the power " to declare war, grant letters of
marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning
captures on land and loater." It is a war declared
against the Treasury of the nation—a war to levy
black mail under the pretense of carrying the
United States mail—a war upon the people to sus-
tain the Collins line—a corporation which pro-
fesses to be bankrupt, and now issues its letters
of marque and reprisal to force from the people,
under color of law, what it pretends to have lost
in a voluntary enterprise of us own. But, sir,
the power " to make rules concerning captures
on land and water" covers the case entirely,
[laughter;] and I am surprised that gentlemen
known to be familiar with the Constitution should
have passed over in silence a power so palpable,
so full, and so complete in all its proportions.
[Laughter.] This amendment will regulate the
capture on land of about eight hundred thousand
dollars per annum from the National Treasury, to
be spent in riotous living upon the water. The
appearance of the magnificent Baltic in the Poto-
mac, and at the very threshold of this House,
like another Trojan horse, has taken captive the
American Senate, and this House is now rushing
into the same ruinous vortex.
I am surprised that any Democrat, and more
especially the learned gentleman from Virginia,
should assume such a position. Sir, the Virginia
resolutions of '98 and '91i, had better be re-
pealed, and the names of Madison and Jefferson
blotted from the history of the " Old Dominion."
"We grant Collins & Co. a donation of $800,000 per
annum, by way of regulating commcrce, and with
the condition that they will grant to the United
States the privilege of purchasing these ships some
day or other, when they may or may not be en-
tirely worn out. Is that regulating commerce 1
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to say that I did not
futilupon the ground of regulating commerce at all,
ut the jurisdiction over our navigation.
Mr. FREEMAN. Still worse, sir. In what
clause of the Constitution may this jurisdiction
over navigation be found:5 Sir, all the courts of
the country, and all the commentators on the Con-
stitution concur in the opinion, that the power of
Congress over the foreign or external navigation
of the country is derived solely from the power " to
regulate commerce with foreign nations." I chal-
lenge the learned gentleman from Virginia to pro-
duce another clause of the Constitution that gives
this body any power whatever over the oceanic
navigation of the country. When the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] deserts this position,
as he now does, he has no other ground to stand
upon. Mr. Story, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution, says:
"Ifcommerce does not include navigation, The Govern-
ed of the Union has no direct power over that subject,
md can make no law prescrilnna what shall constitute
American vessels, or requiring that they shall be navigated
i5 American seamen; yet this power has been exercised
from the commencement ot Government; it has been ex-
ercised iLitfi the consent of all *dmziicai and it has been
always understood to be a commercial regulation. The
power over navigation, and over commercial intercourse
was one of the primary objects lot which the people ot'
America adopted their Government} and it is impossible
that the Convention should not so have understood the
word commerce as embracing it. Indeed, to con&true the
power so as to impair its efficacy, would defeat the very
object for winch it vvus introduced into the Constitution;
for them cannot be a doubt that to exclude navigation and
intercourse from its scope, would be to entail upon us all
the pioinment defects ot the Contederalion, and subject tiie
Union to the ill-adjusted systems of rival States, and the
oppiessive preferences of loreign nations in favor of their
own navigation."
The same doctrine is to be found in the opin-
ions of the Supreme Court of the United States, in
the case of Gtbbins vs. Ogden, 9ih-Wheaton's Rep.,
189 et seq.; 12th Wheaton's Rep., 446; and 1st
Tucker^ Blackstone's Comm., pp. 247-9. The
latter is a Virginia school-book, as familiar among
lawyers as is Peter Parley among children.
With this accumulation of evidence, may we
not safely conclude that our power over navigation
is implied alone from the power to " regulate
commerce?" The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] having abandoned the derivation of
his authority from this grant, is left without a
fulcrum on which to rest his Archimedean lever,
and sinks to a depth which lead and line has never
sounded.
Hasit, then,cometo this,that theRepresentatives
of the nation are to usurp the powers reserved to the
States and the people ? Are we to take out of the
hardy hands of the enterprising sailors and the
commercial men of the country that for which
they have been toiling for years under the pre-
tense that we have the sole and unlimited jurisdic-
tion over navigation ? I am astonished that the
gentleman from Virginia especially should have
undertaken to base his argument upon anything of
this kind. The argument of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Dean] is much more plausible,
and it is not alone found in the preamble of the
Constitution, as supposed by the geutleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] but also in the eighth sec-
tion, viz- " to lay anil collect taxes, duties, im-
' posts, and excises; to pay the debts and provide
'for the common defense and general welfare of the
' United States." There the power is to be found,
if anywhere; and who would dream of providing
for the common defense and general welfare by a
donation to E. K. Collins & Co. of $800,000 per
annum for running a steamship line from "New
York to Liverpool ? By what power of com-
pression has twenty-six millions of people been
concentrated in the colossal statues of E. K.
Collins & Co.? What has become of the United
States of North America? Are the latter a mere
synonym for a steamship corporation? What,
sir, has become of that provision of the Constitu-
tion which declares that " no preference shall be
given by any regulation of commerce or revenue
to the ports of one State over those of another?"
The Collins line is to run alone from the port of
New Yoik. What becomes of all the ports of all
the other States that line the Atlantic and Pacific
States from Maine to California, and thence to
Oregon ? Is the port of New York, already the
most favored in the country, to be the sole recip-
ient of this extraordinary bounty ? Sir, if such is
to be the construction of the Constitution by
Democrats, and more especially by the Democ-
racy of Virginia, they had better expunge from
their platform of principles the Kentucky and
Virginia resolutions of '98—raze out the State-
Rights doctrines taught byjefferson and Madison,
and supply the extraordinary " deficiency" thus
created by the life and writings of Alexander
Hamilton.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Clisgman, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. POLK. I move to strike out " six" and
insert " four."
J consider that it is proper I should make an
explanation. On yesterday, in a five minutes
speech, I referred to Commodore Skinner astohis
experience with regard to steam-vessels. I did
not mean to reflect upon him at all as an officer,
and as a man having full and entire information
upon the subject, f say this, with the view that
my remarks may not go out to the country as in-
volving a reflection upon him.
I consider that the question now to be decided
by this House is as between America and England.
I consider that, in this matter, the American Con-
gress is called to act upon a question which, ac-
cording to its determination, will affect favorably
or unfavorably the interests of America. In its
decision will not the American Congress stand up
imbued with that spirit of patriotism which should
animate every American bosom,.and determine
the question to the advantage of his own country?
Will you give this contract to England ? Are you
Americans, and yet not act as become Americans
when the issue is fairly made up? Washington
said that none but Americans should stand guard
at our outposts; and I say to-tl>|r that none but
Americans should stand guard for this bill. Eng-
lish lobbyists should be spurned from your Halls.
Will you, in the decision of this matter, pander to
England and to English pride? Will you lose
sight of your patriotism in casting a vote on this
question ? I am speaking facts that will tell upon
the minds of the people. I am telling you what
thepublic opinion will be when concentrated upon
this question. Are you British or American?
You are Americans, the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Meade] says, under restraint; and yet you
are willing, in a contest for ascendency between
America and England, to compromise and break
down American character—American interests—
for the sake of a few dollars from your public
Treasury to pay for a service to be performed. I
scorn and despise that principle of economy which,
to save a few dollars, would strike down American
interests and pride in the face of the foe. I am
willing, for the sake of progress, to vote a hundred
millions of dollars to-day for the protection of the
commerce of the country. We can battle any
foe that will land upon our coast, and we can whip
any force that the combined forces of continental
Europe may send against us.
England, like Venice, has been the mistress of
the seas; but America, if you prove true to her,
must, in the progress of events, take her place
among the nations of the world. But an Ameri-
can Congress, in view of progress of this charac-
ter, halts and falters because a dollar may be ex-
pended. " You do not, by your opposition, reflect
the opinion of the people; you do not,in this Hall,
exemplify by your action the noble impulses
which actuate the American people. America
must take the rod of Neptune. She is bound to
assume the command of the seas. Will an Ameri-
can Legislature prove recreant to American inter-
ests, and refuse to lend its support to the Collins
line—the evidence itself of the great triumph of
American industry and character? To see an
American fail to sustain it, is shameful in the ex-
treme.
The policy of England is, to cripple the Collins
line. Why ? Because she desires to restore to
herself the monopoly which she had, by means of
her steam mercantile marine, before the energetic
competition waged by the Collins line. She made
by the monopoly, from 1841 to 1846, §7,836,800
in gross, for mail matter, and $5,286,800 net, be-
sides a receipt from passage money. To sustain
this monopoly, England has since increased her
compensation to the Cunard line, to enable that
line to reduce the price of freight and passage
money. The reduction has been made. The
Collins line, consequently, has been running at a
loss of §17,000 per trip.
Through the means of the steam mercantile ma-
rine, England expects to increase her overshadow-
ing military marine. The navy of England con-
sists of 667 vessels, and that of France consists of
328. The expense of the British navy in 1850,
was $34,000,000 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. NABERS. At the expiration of the five
minutes 1 occupied a little while ago, J was about
to observe that we had no right to make the dis-
crimination proposed by this amendment. Col-
lins & Co. have been employed m carrying the
mails of the United States between New York
and Liverpool. They have made rather a hard
bargain, as many mail contractors on land have
done. When an individual engages to carry the
United States mail by land, and finds that his
compensation is not sufficient, and is obliged to
forfeit his contract, what course is pursued to-
wards him ? Why, sir, the contract is let out
again, and of course at a higher rate, and suit is
promptly brought against the original contractor
