1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1719
for thr difference in the bids. Some of my con-
stituents have made unfortunate mail contracts,
which they were obliged to abandon, and another
bidder took them at a higher price. Under the
direction of the Postmaster General a suit was
brought against the defaulting contractors upon ;
their official bond, and after laboring for the last
six months I have succeeded ill compromising the !
matter, and releasing my constituents from their !
contract by paying the sum of $200 and upwards. |
Now, I claim for my constituents indemnity for j
the past, for that is what is proposed to be done
for Collins & Co. by this amendment. j
Not only do you propose to give Collins & Co. '
indemnity for the past, but security for thefuture,
by increasing their annual pay from $385,000 to
$800,000. Collins & Co. have engaged to carry
the mail between New York and Liverpool for—
as I before stated—§385,000 per annum. Thev
have made a bad bargain, and now, instead of allow-
ing them, as you do mail contractors upon land,
to forfeit their contract, and bring a suit against
them upon their official bond for the difference if
another company takes it, they come here and
ask for more money to indemnify them for the
bad bargain which they have ma'ie, and convert
it into a profitable job. Sir, I protest against it,
unless you mean to deal alike with all. Theques-
tion is asked by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Polk,] are you British or American > There
are none but American pulsations about my heart,
sir; but I deny that E. K. Collins & Co. constitute
America. [Laughter.] They are a company of
gentlemen wishing to grow rich upon the Treas-
ury of the United States. The gentleman seems
to be in love with British policy,—and what is the
result of that policy' It has filled the realm of
Great Britain with palaces upon one side and hov-
els upon the other. That is what it has done.
It has built up an aristocracy of wealth, on all sides
surrounded by poverty of the most revolting de-
scription. Shall we followthat example? No. I
desire to place E. K. Collins, and every one else,
upon the same footing. That is what I desire to
do; and if E. K. Collins & Co. have made a bad
bargain—and they say they have—let them come
here and ask to be released from a hard contract,
and I will vote to release them and let out the con-
tract to other parties; and if we have to pay more
than §385,000 per annum for carrying the mail
between New York and Liverpool—which we
certainly will not—I will not urge that Collins &.
Co. shall pay the difference, though that is the
rule in other cases.
But our patriotic feelings are appealed to again
and again, and one would think that we were cel-
ebrating the fourth of July, to hear the speeches
of the gentlemen. [Laughter.] I have no doubt
of the patriotism of E. E. Collins & Co. For
the purpose of competing with the Cunard line, I
have no doubt that they are willing to sacrifice all
they have; and go down unwept, unhonored and
unsung, merely for the purpose of—filling their
porrcETs!
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POLK. I withdraw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It requires the unanimous
consent of the committee to be given.
[Cries of "I object!" " I object!"]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Polk's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I propose to strike out in the fif-
teenthline the words " giving six months notice."
I should not detain the committee at this time, wag
it not for the fact that one of my colleagues [Mr.
Stanton] lias made an able address to this com-
mittee under the hour rule, in opposition to the
Senate amendment; and as his speech, of course,
will be circulated through the State which I have
the honor in part to represent, I desire to explain
my position in regard to this subject. I am in
favor of this amendment of the Senate. I shall
vote for it because I believe it is a national ques-
tion. From all I can learn, I understand that the
appropriation was first made for the purpose of
promoting commerce and increasing our marine.
I understand, also, that it becomes necessary for
Congress to interpose in this matter, and afford i
aid from the National Treasury, not because our I
vessels cannot compete with those of Great Britain, !
but because the money of Great Britain was poured j
out profusely for the purpose of protecting her i
commerce in aiding the Cunard line, and monopo- i
lizing our trade. It is a well-established fact, that I
Collins & Co. have built better vessels, and have
complied with their part of the contract faithfully
and honestly, and so far as they are connected
with the postal arrangements, they have main-
tained the honor and integrity of the Government.
I derive, lalso, the information from the reports
upon this subject and other admitted facts, that
before the establishment of the American line of
steamers, the English line charged £110s. per ton
for freight. After the establishment of the Ameri-
can line, the price on freight was reduced to <£4 per
ton. This reduction accrues to the benefit of our
own commerce, and our own citizens. It now
appears that the Collins line of steamers cannot
compete with the English line, because the English
Government has granted further aid to her own line.
The question is now reduced to this: will you sur-
render these benefits, will you consent to have the
price of freight increased to what it formerly was ?
Will you place yourselves under the necessity of
having your mails transported under the British flag
or the flag of any other country ? These are ques-
tions we are called upon to decide by our votes on
the proposition before the committee. But, Mr.
Chairman, I am free to declare, for one member,
that when these questions are presented, and when
we are reduced to the alternative of deciding in re-
gard to this subject, I would double the amount of
compensation, if necessary, until our Government
mails and American commerce, under our own
flag, by our own resources, should be maintained
and protected on the ocean. One word in reply
to my honorable friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans,] who, in his remarks in reply to one of my
colleagues from Ohio, [Mr Stanton,] on a former
occasion, spoke about the bounties of the General
Government to the State of Ohio.
Sir, we never enjoyed the bounties of the Gen-
eral Government. ' We never asked or received
enormous grants of land which the member said
the General Government had given us. It is true
we had five hundred thousand acres of land grant-
ed to aid us in making our canals and paying our
canal debt; and also forty-nine sections to aid in
making a road from Sandusky to Columbus.
These were the grants for internal improvements.
Some alternate sections were also granted for ex-
tending our Miami canal from Dayton to Lake
Erie. But we were compelled, as a part of thegrant,
to make said canal within a limited time, and let
the mails be carried free of toils on said road.
ThWGovernment sold its other lands for more
than twice the minimum price. So that she was
the gainer by the grant. The General Govern-
ment has sold cash sales, in Ohio, 12,616,900 acres,
average price $1 60 per acre $20,853,699
Appropriated for military purposes,
grants to individuals and companies,
and which the Government real-
ized, 10,446,000 acres at $1 25 per
acre   13,057,509
$33,911,198
The General Government, sir, has taken from
the State of Ohio, on account of her lands, near
$34,000,000. Ohio has never applied for bounties
and she never will.
By the ordinance of 1787, you gave her the
privilege of enjoying that boon which was worth
more to her llian if you had granted her every foot of
land within her territory. 1 mean, Mr. Chairman,
that clause in the ordinance which forever prohibit-
ed slavery in the territory northwest of the Ohio river. ! j
That, sir, with the industry and enterprise of her ■;
citizens, is the secret of her rapid growth and con- •
tinued prosperity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EDGERTON. I propose, in the few re- ;
marks which 1 shall make, to examine the posi- :
tions taken by the gentleman from New York, '|
[Mr. Dean.] It is true that I am not indorsed s
for legal acumen by Livingston's Law Magazine, J
as is the distinguished gentleman; and yet, sir, I \
pretend as a Democrat to have some idea of our 1
constitutional rights and powers. The gentleman .j
asserts that Congress is authorized to make this:]
appropriation under the following clause of the j
Constitution: !|
" The Congress shall have powerto lay and collect taxes, ; I
daties, imposts, and excises; to pay the debts and piovidc i;
for tlie common defense and general welfare of tlie United ij
States." j|
Now, sir, the gentleman says he is a Democrat. l|
Is he aware what the Democratic doctrine is in
relation to this very clause of the Constitution?
Has he ever read what the founder of the Demo-
cratic party said in relation to this very clause?
If the gentleman has, he has failed to discover
what Democratic doctrine is, as much as did the
gentleman four years ago. Here, sir, is what the
founder of the Democratic party says in relation
to this very clause of the Constitution: To lay
taxes, is the power, and the general welfare the
purpose for which that power is to be exercised.
Congress is not ad libitum to lay taxes for any
purpose they please, but only to pay the debts
and provide for the general welfare of the Union.
They are not to do anything they please—to vote
appropriations for the Collins line, for instance—
for the general welfare, but only to lay taxes for
that purpose. That is the Democratic doctrine.
We cannot legislate here for the general welfare
of the country, unless we lay taxes for the pur-
pose. Does the gentleman propose by this bill to
lay taxes for the purpose of providing for the gen-
eral welfare? No, he proposes to distribute money
to Collins & Co., and calls that providing for the
general welfare.
But, sir, the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Polk,] and some other gentlemen here, place their
support of this appropriation upon a national
ground entirely. Sir, I much mistake the mission
of this country; I mistake much of its national
glory and character, if it be to sustain individual
enterprise. It is true, the glory of the nation is
individual success; but this we have no power, by
the National Treasury, to encourage or restrict.
The national character and glory of this country
consists in this Congress protecting the rights and
independence of the States, and restricting the ex-
ercise of powers not granted by the Constitution.
In that consists our national glory, and in nothing
else. The gentleman from Tennessee says that
he would " put Americans on guard." Sir, when
I see this Congress surrounded by a corps of sap-
pers and miners upon the Treasury, many of
whom are now within the sound of my voice—
worms living upon the powers they corrupt and
destroy—I would put Americans upon guard;
here, in this Hall, I would say to them, the Amer-
ican Congress should protect the rights of the
States, the rights of the whole country, and not
promote the interests of a few sappers and miners
on the Treasury. We have no fear for our national
superiority from abroad. The first blow will be
struck here in this Hall, and by the exercise of
powers not delegated to us. As against all the
world, the very genius of our people will make us
victorious. But what shall protect us against our-
selves? against the corrupting influences of a
power more concentrated, and in every other coun-
try but this, stronger than the power of liberty
itself—the power of money? Nothing but a strict
construction of the Constitution—but a careful
watchfulness on the part of the States that their
rights and powers are not usurped by this Con-
gress. A slight departure for national glory, for
instance, to-day, becomes a precedent for to-mor-
row; and thus, violations of the compact by the
sanctions of law, have the semblance of constitu-
tional right, and must, ultimately, operate to the
destruction of the spirit and intent of the Con-
stitution and the Union itself. It is here I would
put none but Americans on guard to-day.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON moved to amend the proviso
by striking out "six months," and inserting
" eight months," instead thereof.
Mr. R. said: Mr. Chairman, it was very far from
my purpose to have said a single word in refer-
ence to this subject. In truth, I took so little in-
terest in this matter that 1 liad not even made up
my mind as to how I should vote upon it. But
since I have listened to the discussion in this
House, and witnessed such a new-born zeal for a
new creed that is attempted to be interpolated into
the Democratic platform, without any authority,
and by gentlemen who are not sachems in our
oarty, I have thought proper to say a word, if for
no other purpose, to defend those who have voted
for it. To have listened to the gentlemen who
have indulged in terms of such round, denuncia-
tion of those who support this measure, and de-
nounce it in such unmeasured terms as anti-dem-
ocratic, one would have supposed that it first got
