1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
few thousands, it should be done, if we intend the
President shall continue to live there. It is a well-
known fact, that the house has been more than
once vacated on account of its unhealthy condi-
tion. The people of this nation will not require
their President to reside in a swamp or morass, as
he has been doing* ever since the Executive Man-
sion has been at its present location.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Kentucky certainly misunderstood what I
said upon this subject—both in regard to the un-
expended balances of appropriations and what I
said about Mr. Downing1. He speaks about
" wholesale denunciations." Sir, i denounced
him not. I said 1 knew nothing" about him, but sup-
posed that he was qualified to discharge the duties
imposed upon him by the appointment of the Presi-
dent. The gentleman says that I am mistaken
about the balances of appropriations being carried
to this particular improvement. Why, I did not
refer to the balances of appropriations .specified in
that proviso. I said that there was an unexpend-
ed balance of $6,000 at the commencement of the
last Congress, which they have appropriated to
the improvement of this square down to the canal
south of the President's house; that in the defi-
ciency bill of the first session of the last Congress
there were §10,000 appropriated for that piece of
ground; that there was in the civil and diplomatic
bill of the first session of the last Congress $15,000
appropiiated to it; and that at the last session,
the appropriation upon which this proviso was
hung was $10,000 for this same object, with the
sewer that was to go from the Navy Depaitment,
I believe, down to the canal, connected with this
improvement, making the entire appropriation ex-
pended upon it since the commencement of the last
Congress §41,000.
Now, sir, that appropriation to which the pro-
viso was attached, does not apply to all the public
grounds, but it is a specific appropriation for this
particular piece of ground, specified in the clause
itself. And I say that the proviso which is now
attached to the bill under consideration, that this
$12,000 shall complete this work, is no safeguard
that it will be done. I would sav to the gentle-
man from New York, that the $460 99 in this bill
is noticing to complete the improvement of Frank-
lin square, in the northern part of the city. They
will come and ask for more appropriations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment to
strike out " twelve" and insert " seven" was put,
and the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I have no
hostility to this provision of the bill. Even if a
larger sum was proposed to be appropriated to this
work, I would be willing to vote for it, for I hold
that the object is a good one, and that we should
not be here considering whether it will cost one or
two thousand dollars more or less to make these
grounds healthy and beautiful, too.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from New York that there is no
question pendingbefore the committee.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I offer, then, the amend-
ment which I send to the Clerk, for the purpose
of limiting the appropriation for the completion of
this work to the amount specified in the bill.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Insert at the end, and after " appropriation," the follow-
ing : And a contract for the completion of the work, with
good security, be tendered and accepted at that sum.
Mr. SEYMOUR. My object, as will be seen
from the amendment, is merely to insure the com-
pletion of the work at whatever sum it may be the
pleasure of this House to insert. If the friends
of this item, who have had their attention par-
ticularly called to it in framing the bill, think that
the sum of &12,000 is not enough, I am willing to
vote for a larger sum. But I desire, above all
things, to have, the matter defined, so that we may
not be called upon, year after year, to vote addi-
tional appropriations for doing a specific job of
•work. Nothing tends more to extravagance than
such a policy. I have offered the amendment for
the purpose of limiting the cost to whatever sum
the House may be pleased to insert, and I ask for
tellers upon it.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Chandler
and Molony appointed.
And the question being put, it was decided in j
the affirmative—ayes 86, noes 44. j
So the amendment was agreed to. J
The question then recurred upon the motion of j
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, to strike out the clause, j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers; j
but they were not ordered. I
The question was then put upon the motion to |
strike out, and disagreed to. ;
Mr. MEADE. I move the following amend- !
ment, to come in at the end of that clause just !
under consideration: i
For warming the President's House with furnaces and j
flues, £-2,000. ;
Mr. PHELPS. I rise' to a question of order. I
I understand this is an amendment to appropriate '
a certain sum for warinmgthe President's House, j
I ask the gentleman from Virginia if I am cor- j
rect ? |
Mr. MEADE. That is right. \
Mr. PHELPS. I think it is not relevant to the j
clause before the committee to complete the grounds {
south of the President's House. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin- |
ion that the amendment is not in order as an j
amendment to the clause now under consideration. !
There is a preceding clause for repairs of thePres- i
ident's House, to which the amendment might i
have been in order; but it is not m order as an j
amendment to the clause now under considera- |
tion.
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Chairman, I musl appeal
from that decision, and I beg to say a word or two
upon the appeal.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The appeal is not
debatable.
[A message was here received from the Senate
announcing the passage of sundry bills by that
body.]
Mr. MEADE. Does the Chair decide that de-
bate is not in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. MEADE. I do appeal, and I desire to
know whether I ran debate it ? I
The CHAIRMAN. It is not debatable. i
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
put, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I ofter the
following amendment, to come in as a separate
clause of the bill after the one hundred and thirty-
first line:
To supply the deficiency m the appropriation for the cas-
ual repairs of the Capitol, $1,500.
The same object is intended to be accomplished
by this amendment which I proposed to accom-
plish by one which I offered sometime ago under
the instructions of the Committee on Public
Buildings, and which was decided to be out of
order. There is a deficiency of §1.500 in the ap-
propriations for the repairs of the Capitol, which
I explained a few miliums ago. It relates to the
reconstruction of a cistern upon the top of this
building, which is necessary to protect the House
from fires.
Mr. HIBBARD. I must rise to a question of
order upon this amendment. This amendment is
not in order to the clause under consideration,
being for a new and independent object.
Mr. GENTRY. I think there is a sufficient
analogy to the other objects appropriated for in
the bill. This is a clause for repairs of the Pres-
ident's House. It is certainly equally in order to
provide for the repair of the Legislative Houses.
Mr. HIBBARD. The section to which this is .
offered as an additional clause, provides for the
repairs of the President's House and grounds.
Now, if the gentleman's amendment contemplates
the repair of the Capitol, I make the point that
the amendment is not in order, on the ground of i
irrelevancy.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands ,
the amendment offered by the gentleman from 1
Kentucky [Mr. Stanton-] to constitute an indc- ;
pendent clause. It was offered as such by hitn, .
and not as an amendment to the clause referred to
by the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hibbard,] and in the language in which it is
couched, the Chair is inclined to think it is in
order. The language is this: 'c To supply a defi-
ciency in the appropriation for the casual repairs
of the Capitof, $1,500." This is offered as an
independent proposition, and the Chair decides
that it is in order.
Mr. HIBBARD. I do not insist upon a cap-
tious objection, but it strikes me that the explana-
tion with which the gentleman accompanied his
amendment makes it plain that it cannot be in
order. He says that it is an appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair ? *
Mr. HIBBARD. I do not appeal; but I wish
to make a statement. The gentleman says this is
to erect a cistern upon the top of this building.
Now, according to the gentleman's statement, that
is not a deficiency, but it is an appropriation for a
new work.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman will permit
me to explain. I stated to the committee some
minutes ago, when the same objection was raised
to the same amendment, which I then offered in
another form, that it was not to begin a new work,
but that it was to repair an old one—that it was
to repair a cistern upon the top of this Capitol. I
stated 'that it was necessary that it should be re-
built. On account of its exposure to the weather,
it has decayed and fallen down. It is not fit for
service, and must he rebuilt, and it is neces-
sary to keep the building in repair. It is neces-
sary to protect it from fires, and it is a part of the
regular repairs of the Capitol, and is known as
such. The Commissioner of Public Buildings has
asked for the appropriation, and the Committee on
Public Buildings have instructed me to report it,
though m a different form. They asked me to
transfer one appropriation designed for another
purpose and apply it to this.
Mr. GENTRY. It seems to me it would be a
very unfortunate construction of our powers to -
decide, that while we are making executive re-
pairs, we cannot also make legislative repairs. It
seems to me, that the only difference between the
clause to which this is to be added and the amend-
ment itself is, that one provides for the repairs of
an executive building, and the other for the repairs
of a legislative. They are certainly sufficiently
analogous to make the amendment in order;
The question was then put; and, upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes G5, noes 25 ; no quorum
voting.
Mr. STANLY. Does this amendment come
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds ?
The CHAIRMAN. It does.
Mr. CHANDLER demanded tellers; which
were ordered, and Messrs. Genttry and Stanton*,
of Kentucky, were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74; noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
For supplying a deficiency of the 8th ofMarch, 1840, for
completing the room under the Post Oifiee of the Senate,
$451 31.
He said: This amendment is reported by the
instructions of the Committee on Public Budd-
ings, authorized to investigate this matter. They
find that a sum of #451 31, is due to the mechan-
ics who fitted up that room under the appropria-
tion passed on the 8th of March, 1849. I will
explain this matter to the House, for I went to the
room myself, and examined it. It consists of two
or three of the lower rooms in the under part of
the north wing of this building, which have been
fitted up for a folding room for the Senate. They
have torn up the arches there in order to make
more room, and have made a large semicircular
arch, covering both rooms, and fitted up an estab-
lishment for the use of the folders of the Senate.
Now, sir, this fe451 and some odd cents is the
amount of the balance due to the mechanics who
did the work, under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, as submitted in the
statement before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendments that are
being offered by the gentleman from Kentucky
seem to me to come before this committee in a very
questionable shape. Now, sir, it cannot have es-
caped the memory of members of this House, that
at the beginning of this session all the estimates
for public buildings and grounds were referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and that
committee were, in the discharge of the duty they
were called upon to bear, when, upon the motion
of the honorable gentleman from Kentucky, the
