1720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
into the legislation of the country by virtue of the
action of a Federal Congress, approved by a Fed-
eral President, I have 'had the curiosity to look
back into this matter. I find that it was recom-
mended some three or four times by President
Polkj who is acknowledged to have been the model
Democratic President. ~i find that the'CoHms line
ami the Sloo line both were authorized by the
Twenty-ninth Congress—a ^Congress with about
sixty'Democratic majority in this House, and a
proportionate majority in the other.
Mr. McMULLlN. How did the Democrats ;
vote?
Mr. ROBINSON. They voted for them man- !
tmoxislu, without one solitary " no," in either House, j
That Twenty-ninth Congress, composed of as ,
good Democrats as ever made tracks in Washing- !
ton city, passed a law authorizing these lines, and I
it is an absolute fact that there was so little oppo-
sition to the measures in the Senate or the House
that it passed nem. con. There were not enough
of these orthodox Democrats here, then, even to
call the yeas and nays. I find that afterwards, at
the beginning of the Thirtieth Congress, Mr. Polk
came forward, and in his message congratulated
the country on the enactment of the law author-
izing them.
Mr. McMULLIN. How do you know it
passed unanimously?
Mr. ROBINSON. There were no yeas and
nays called upon the question; and the gentleman
knows that it is a parliamentary law that every
man is presumed to have voted in the affirmative
when there is no division on a question. And
in this case there was not even a call by a single
member for a division* much less yeas and nays.
President Polk in his annual message, at the com-
mencement of the Thirtieth Congress, says:
" While other maritime powers are adding to their navies
large numbers of war steamers, it was a wise policy on our
part to make similar additions to our navy. The four wai
steamer* authonzcd by the act of the third of Match, 1847,
are in course of construction.
u In addition to the four war steamers authonzed by this
act, the iSecietary of the Navy has-, in pursuance of its pro-
visions, entered into contracts for the construction of five
steamers, to h<^ employed m the tian^portation of the TTmted
State* mail ' from New York to New Orleans, touching at
Charleston, Savannah, and Havana, and from Havana to
Chagrcs;' for three steamers to be employed m like man-
ner from Panama to Oicgon, *«> as to connect with the
mail from Havana to (Jhagros across the Isthmusand
for live steamers to he employed m like manner from New
York to Liverpool. These steamers will bo the pioperty of
the contractors, but are to be built under the supeimtend-
enee and direction of a naval constructor m the employ of
the Navy Dcpaitment, and to be so constructed as to render
them convertible at the lea^t possible expense into war
steamers of the- fust class.
11A prescribed number of navol officers, as well as a J'o^t
Office agent, are to be on board of them, and authority
is reeved to the Navy Department at all time to ' exeieise
contiol over said «*teamahipV and to < have the right'k to
take them for the exclusive use and service of the United
States,' ' upon making proper compensation to the con-
tractors thfretor.'
" Whilst these steamships will be employed in trans-
posing the mails of the United States ooastwi?>e, and to
foreign countries, upon an annual compensation to be paid
to the ovvneiH, they will be always ready, upon an emer-
gency icquiimg it, to be converted into war steamers; and
the tight received to take them foi public use, mil add
greatlv to-the efficiency and strength of this description of
oui naval force. To tho steaineis thus authorized under
eonuacts made by the rfecietary of the Navy, should be
added five other.steamers, authorized under contacts made
inpuifauanceof Uw by the Postmaster Oeneial, making an
addition, in the whole, of eighteen war steamer, subject
to be taken tor public use. As further contracts for the ttans-
portation ol the mail to foreign countries may be author-
ized by Concur--, this number may be cnlaiged mde'inuely.
"The enlightened policy by which a rapid communica-
tion oftne vatmus (h-tant parts or the «rlobe is established,
by means of American-built t>e.i Mourners, would find an
ample rewaul m the increase of our eommerc.'. and in ma-
king our country and its iesomeeb more favo.ably known
abioad ; but the national advantrure is Mi!! gee ater, or bav-
in<r our naval officers made famihur with t-tenm navigation;
and of having the privilege ox inking the ships aheady
equipped lor immediate service at a, moment's nonce; and
will be cheaply purchased by the cot.mentation to bf paid
fnr tho transpoitation of the mail m them over and <:bove
the postages received.
u A just national pride, no less than our commercial in-
terests, would seem to favor the policy of au^tnentiiig the
number of this description of vessels. They e;tn b<> imilr
in our country c-heapei and in gteater number:: than m any
other in the world."
You will observe, Mr. Chairman, that the point
which has been made against this measure here
is, that it is a discrimination in favor of the own-
ers of this line. Well, if it is a discrimination
to increase the compensation of the Collins line
now, it was no less a discrimination to grant them
compensation then. The principle was as much
violated then, in allowing any compensation, as
it will be now to increase it.
But I do riot propose to go further into the dis-
cussion of this matter. I have no time. I wish I
had. I have examined the record, to see how
this appropriation passed at the other end of the
i Capitol at the present session, and I find that
; some of the most distinguished Democrats of the
! nation voted for it—amongst them one who went
! into the Baltimore Convention with a large plural-
ity of the delegates there representing the Dein-
! ocratic party in his favor for the Presidency of the
i United States, and a second who got nearly as
many votes in that Convention.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. iYIy friend from
Mississippi [Mr. Freeman] seemed to be very
much scandalized at my defending the power of
Congress to pass this appropriation. Sir, m five
minutes none of us can go into an elaborate dis-
cussion upon such a point; but I now throw down
: the gauntlet to my able and learned fnend from
Mississippi, and tell him that if he has any wish
to test this question in a debate upon this floor,
I and if, when we get into the Committee of the
; Whole on the state of the Union at any time, he
I will give me an hour's notice, I will be prepared
; to meet him. And this, sir, is a bold proposition;
] for I know the ability of my friend.
Mr. FREEMAN. X accept the challenge with
pleasure.
Mr. BAYLY. Sir, "the gentleman seems to
; think I am desecrating the names of Jefferson and
: Madison, when 1 quoted their own language. 1 will
nevertheless quote another paragraph, and I wish
I could quote this whole reportof Jefferson. Im-
! mediately succeeding the paragraph X read from
' Mr. Jefferson's report in my fiist remarks, he con-
tinues:
" Our navigation involves still higher considerations.
As a branch of industry, it is valuable; but as a re-
: source of defense, essential. But it is as a resource
i ot defense that our navigation will admit neither neglect
I nor forbearance. The position and circumstances of the
1 United States leave them nothing to fear on their land board,
and nothing to desire beyond their present rights. But on
the sca-fiouid tketj are oyen to injury; and they have there,
i too, a commeice whicli imist be protected. Tins can only
! be done by po«?es>ing a respectable body of citizens, sea-
; men, and* of artists, and establishments in readiness tor
; ship-building.
u Were the ocean, winch is the common pioperty of all,
open to the in.lustiy of all, so that every peison andgBPsci
should be free to take employment wherever it coma be
1 found, the United States would certainly not set the exam-
ple of appropriating to themselves, exclusively, any portion
of the common stock of occupation. They would rely on
; the enterprise and activity of their citizens tot a due paiti-
cipation of the benefits of tho seafimng business, and for
keeping the manne class of citizens equal to their objects.
JJutif pameular nations giasp at undue shoics, and, more
especially, it they seize oil the means of the United States"
i (to cairy our mails, tor instance, and monopolize the post-
' ace.) ""to convert them for aliment of their own strength,
| and withdraw them entirely from the support of those to
! whom they belong, defensive and pioteetive measutes be-
I come necessary on tho part of the nation who^e marine
resources are thus invaded; or it will be disarmed of its
defence; its productions will lie at the mercy ol the nation
winch has possessed itself exclusively of the means of car-
i rynig them; and its politics maybe influenced by those
j, who command its commerce.
I' The carriage of our commodities, it once established in
j' another channel, cannot be resumed in tho moment we may
' desire. If we lose the seamen and artisans, whom it now
! occupies, we lose the piesent means of marine defense,
' and lime w ill be requisite to raise up others, when disgj ace
' or lovtes shall bring to our feelings the error of havingaban-
doned them. The material of maintaining our due share
|| of navigation answers in abundance; and as to flie mode of
' | using them, we have only to adopt the principles or
ii those who iji*t us on thj: defensive ; or others eqihv-
i ALENT OR BETTER PlTTi-D TO OUR CIRCUMSTANCES."
Gentlemen talk about my not occupying Re-
] publican ground. Sir, there are a great many
:j gentlemen m these days who profess to be learned
j: m republican doctrines, who have never studied
;l them. I do not apply this to my fnend from Mis-
'i sissippi, for 1 know he stands in a different cate-
; gory. In 1794, it was the Republicans who took
|j and sustained the ground I now occupy.
j; The Federalists then resisted it vehemently,
j; and they'were denounced as catering to British
!' interests in doing it; but the Republicans prevailed,
I1 and the result of their success was, that so far
11 from Great Britain possessing a monopoly of the
!! seas, as she was in a fair way to do in 1794, we
: now outnumber her in our commercial marine.
All this has been the result of Democratic policy. I
1 am but standing here to defend the doctrines of
Jefferson, and Madison,and the whole Republican
party who followed them.
Sir, I wish to give an illustration of this matter.
Take the case of our lakes. By treaty with Great
Britain, it is provided that neither party shall
keep, in time of peace, men-of-war upon tnelakes.
The object of that provision w*s to give the two
nations, on the breaking out of war, a fair start
upon the lakes. But suppose the British Govern-
ment was, by giving bounties to their ships on the
lakes, to give them such an advantage as to drive
our shipping entirely oil; would not that be a
virtual violation of the treaty, and v/ill any man
say, that in a case of that sort, the United States
ought to stand by quietly and see the British Gov-
ernment, by giving bounties to their ships, drive
ours from those inland ?eas ? Sir, there is no part
of the country more interested in this question
than the Northwest, except my own. We are
more exposed, being oh the sea-shore, and more
interested.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment ofTered by Mr. Robinson, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. BOWIE. I propose to extend the time
of notice from six to twelve months.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment has
already been proposed.
Mr. BOWJE. Then I propose to extend it to
eighteen months.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is in
order.
Mr. BOWIE. When reason ceases to point
distinctly the course of action, instinct or feeling
steps in to supply its place. In the present con-
flict of opinion with regard to the Collins line,
the equipoise of argument is dccided by national
pride. The national feeling on this subject has
been lately significantly expressed. You reraorn-
ber, Mr. Chairman, the profound grief which per-
vaded the country when that noble steamer, the
Atlantic, was supposed to have been buried in the
ocean, whose name she bore. Was it the value
of the costly freight, she carried, or the loss of the
many lives involved, or national mortification at
the presumed failure of American skill and Ameri-
can seamanship, that excited such sorrow? It
was not the wealth of the cargo, or the sundeied
ties of nature and friendship, or the pangs of pri-
vate grief; but deep, national humiliation, which
overshadowed us. If such was the consequence
of the imagined loss of one ship, what will be the
sensation when our constituents are told, not one,
but the whole line, has been swept from the seas,
not by storm or tempest, but by our own hands.
Sir, our constituents will not be satisfied.
Considerations of economy, equality of priv-
ileges, and individual enterprise, all fade before
the prestige of American triumph in competition
with Great Britain. Monopolies are odious; yet
there is a monopoly so glorious, as to lose its
odium in its luster—the monopoly of genius, nau-
tical enterprise, and naval renown. For this we
are now struggling with the queen of the seas.
It. is this which ha^ made her Hag- the oriflammo of
victory, and its folds more welcome as a winding-
sheet to her dying seamen, than the bridal couch
to the living.
I long to.see this monopoly taken up. Accom-
plish this, and we remove the chief competition
our merchants have to fear. Domestic monop-
olies can be regulated i>y law: foreign monopolies
must be destroyed.
There is a class of statesmen so rigidly just,
magnanimously impartial, they would rather the
steam marine should sink under what they call
fair compeluion with British steamers, than swim
under the auspices of the Government. I have
not attained that enviable elevation of sentiment.
They remind one of the woodman's wife, who,
finding her husband engaged with a bear, drove
off the dogs that came to his rescue, and insisted
upon a fair fight, regardless of consequences. The
American steamers have not only the bear, but
the bulls, to contend with, and when the eagle
would spread her wing to protect them, their
friends drive her off, and insist they shall fight the
whole field single-handed.
I adopt the trite maxim: Our country! may she
always be right—but our country right or wrong.
It may not be morally correct, yet, in the midst of
conflicting theories, it is politically safe.
Merchants who pay seven per cent, for capital,
and two dollars for labor, cannot compete with
those who get capital for two per cent, and labor
