856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
House changed its order, and referred all these
matters to the Committee on Public Buildings,
upon a statement of the chairman that they would
report a separate and distinct bill for the appropri-
ations which they might, conceive necessary for
public buildings and grounds.
Nov/tbese estimates have either been examined
by the Committee of Ways and Means, and re-
jected, or they have been taken from them under
the orders of the House, and transferred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds; and
in either event, that gentleman obtained possession,
for.his committee, of those estimates, upon his
own motion, by a reference of the House. I say,
sir, it comes in a questionable shape now, for him
to propose to fasten them to a bill reported by the
very committee from which he took these esti-
mates. Why did he not allow the estimates to re-
main with the committee who is responsible to
the House, and give the committee an opportunity
of investigating these claims? Most of them were
investigated, and this very appropriation now-
offered by the gentleman was investigated by two
members of the Ways and Means Committee, and,
according to my recollection, upon the recom-
mendations of these two gentlemen after such in-
vestigation, were rejected.
Sir, I want to make another suggestion to mem-
bers of this committee, and especially to those
who.desire the passage of this bill. It cannot be
true that members of this committee are ignorant
of the fact that there exists a very high prejudice
upon the part of many members against these city
appropriations; but, I think, if the friends of this
deficiency bill desire to defeat it, the most effectual
way will be to load it down with these amend-
ments, which may just as well come in in another
bill. The gentleman may just as well report his
own bill for that appropriation, and then keep this
bill free from the prejudice which exists in the
minds of a great many of the members of this
House against this class of appropriations. I
therefore, sir, appeal to the friends of this bill to
keep it free from these amendments. Let us
keep it clean. I do hope that these comments are
not objectionable to many members of the House,
for it seems to me if-we do load our bill with these
unimportant amendments, the presumption is,
that we may either defeat it or endanger its pas-
sage.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, proposed to
amend his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
to the gentleman that he can modify his amend-
ment, if he chooses; but the Chair thinks he can-
not modify his amendment, and make a speech
upon that modification. That is the opinion of
the Chair.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee. I move an amend-
ment to strike out the fifty-one cents, and I have
a word or two to say in reference to that amend-
ment, and in reply especially to the remarks made
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
I do not know anything of the differences between
the Committee of Ways and Means, and the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, but I dis-
sent in toto from the position assumed by that
gentleman. Now, sir, the Committee on Public
Buildings have stated to the House that this work
has been done upon the Capitol, already during
the present fiscal year, and that it is a deficiency.
I do not understand the gentleman from Alabama
to dispute that fact—I do not understand anybody
to dispute it. The work has been done, and, ac-
cording to law, the money is due. It is a deficien-
cy, and upon every principle of justice, therefore,
it ought to be incorporated in this bill, whether it
comes from the Committee of Ways and Means,
or whether it comes, as it properly ought to come,
from the Committee on Public Buildings, as an
amendment to this bill. But the gentleman says
there are prejudices against this bill, and he appeals
to the House,not to load itdown with amendments.
It was, sir, with the utmost surprise, when the
Committee on Public Buildings came before this
House, and told us how one of the cisterns was
rotting, and that they were called upon for an ap-
propriation to repair it, in order to protect the
building against fire,—I say I was surprised, sir,
that many gentlemen upon this floor should have
voted against that, which no man can say is not
absolutely and indispensably necessary.
Now, I say, sir, that as to this appropriation,
if I have not misunderstood the facts m regard to
this bill, there is no prejudice which ought to ex-
clude it, if the facta be correct. The work has
been done, and the debt is due legally from the
United States; and it is a deficiency which ought
to be provided for, as much as any other deficiency
provided for in this bill.
Mr. HIBBARD. I hope that the amendment
will not be adopted, nor the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton.] It
is true, as stated by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Hoostok,] that this item, and some others,
were referred to two members of the Committee
of Ways and Means as a sub-committee. They
examined it, in connection with others, and came
to the conclusion that it did not belong to this bill;
and they recommended its rejection. Their rec-
ommendation was unanimously adopted by the
committee. I believe it was right. In the first
place the piece of work, for the payment of which
this sum is asked, was something which belonged,
ill fact, to the contingent expenses of the Senate;
and it ought to have been provided for in that way.
It may be true that there was a statute making an
appropriation to commence the repairs, of which
the gentleman says this is a part. However that
may be, it does not belong here, because it is not
a matter of such necessity as to be put into the de-
ficiency bill. This bill is meant to provide for
deficiencies of which the Government is in actual
want, and for which there is urgent necessity.
There is none such here. It is a matter which
pertains to the Senate, and to them alone. It is
one of their expenditures—liberal enough, in all
conscience, as we all know. Now, if this sum is
to be appropriated at all, let the Senate attend to
it when the bill comes up before them. If it is an
item which ought to go in, the Senate will not
leave it out. Nobody need fear that. God knows
there is no danger but they will put in enough.
But, Mr. Chairman, I will close by reiterating
the request of the chairman of Ways and Means,
that the committee will not begin to load down
this bill with superfluous, or at the best, question-
able items.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, (interrupting.)
With the permission of the gentleman I will .sim-
ply say that Congress, two years ago, adjudicated
and settled this matter, as to what funds these re-
pairs are to be made with, because it passed an
appropriation of |4,000, and placed it in the hands
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings, to make
these alterations in the rooms of the Capitol, and
did not charge the repairs to the contingent fund
of the Senate.
Mr. HIBBARD. Will the gentleman allow
me, as he is speaking out of my time. It was done
so, and the Commissioner was to finish it with the
sum appropriated. He had no right to go beyond
that sum. He went beyond the limit of his author-
ity, and now comes for a justification. If such
works cannot be done with the money appro-
priated, let them stop till more is given.
Mr. STANTON. TJie sum would not com-
plete the work. It required $451 more. The
work, however, was done, and the money is now
due to the mechanics. Here is what the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings says:
e: These expenditures were made long before I came into
office, but T find evidence that these sums are due to me-
chanics and others, who complain in strong terms of the ;
injury they have sustained by the long delay of payment; '
and say that they have a right to expect interest upon their I
respective claims." j
This is the report of the Commissioner to our j
committee. But the gentleman from Alabama j
[Mr. Houston] complains that I have not report- i
ed a deficiency bill from the Committee on Public
Buildings. In the name of all that is sensible in
the eyes of a sensible man, when can I report such
a bill? We have been trying for the last two
months to get in the regular appropriation bill, and
you (pointing to Mr. Houston) and others have
obstructed the business of the House, so that re-
ports from that committee and others have not
been called for for two months.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) How have I
obstructed the business of the House?
Mr. STANTON. By clogging up the way with
other matters, and permitting others to do the
same. j
There are only four or five items to pay honest ;
debts which have been created by the officers of!
Government, without the fauit of the needy me- '
chanics who did the work, which I propose to add ,
to this bill. It would be the merest folly to report*!
a deficiency bill containing some three or four
items, when we can add them to this bill without
inconvenience to the House, and when the gen-
tleman knows itwould beutterly impossibleunder
the present system of doing business in this body
ever to reach it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I withdraw
my amendment, if there is no objection to my
doing so.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky, and
it was not agreed to; there being on a division—
ayes 42; noes not counted.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. In pursuance
of the instructions of the Committee on Public
Buildings, 1 offer another amendment to the bill, as
follows:
" For supplying a deficiency in the appropiiation «f the
loth of May, 1850, ior the removal ol the public green-
house, $,-2,766 41."
1 will explain the amendment to the House. At
the last session there was an appropriation of
$5,000, for the removal of the plants brought in by
the Exploring Expedition. That money was ex-
pended under the direction of the Library Commit-
tee of the House. It cost more than the appropria-
tion to do it. The money was expended. The
surplus of expenditure, over the appiopriation, ia
due to the mechanics who did the work, and they
ask for it. If the persons having this work in
charge, exceeded their authority, those who were
employed to do it were innocent of any violation
of law, and ought not to be kept out of their hon-
estly-earned money for the fault of others.
Mr. DUNHAM. I trust that the amendment
will not be adopted. It will be recollected that at
the last session of Congress, an appropriation of
§5,000 was asked for, and voted by this House,
and by Congress, to remove the plants brought
home oy the Exploring Expedition.
Mr. MEADE. 1 rise to a question of order.
The amendment which I offered just now, was
ruled out of order by the Chair. It seems to me
that it was as pertinent as the one just offered by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton.]
There is no provision in this bill in relation to
green-houses, any more than there is a provision
in relation to fires in the President's House. I
therefore make the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] that
his proposition was an amendment, in the shape
of an appropriation, not stating it to be a defi-
ciency. The amendment offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] and now under
consideration, states that it is to supply a defi-
ciency, whereas the proposition of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Meade] was one for a new
substantive appropiiation. The Chair thought
that to be out of order, and he thinks this to be
in order.
Mr. DUNHAM. It was just stated that this
appropriation was for a mere temporary purpose—
to enable an arrangement of the plants to be made,
and a list of them taken. We have only to look
to the building erected here under our eye, to see
whether this proposition has been carried out in
good faith. We all know, looking at this build-
ing, that the intention is not that it shall be tem-
porary, and until a description of the plants shall
be taken. If we want any further evidence, I
will state that estimates have been sent in to this
House, during this Congress, to appropriate be-
tween §30,000 and $40,000 to enlarge and make
that establishment a permanent part of this Gov-
ernment—a permanent establishment under the
Government.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. These esti-
| mates have been committed to, and examined by,
i both the Committee of Ways and Means and the
| Committee on Public Buildings, and repudiated
! by both of them. The improvements, if made,
| would conflict with the general plan adopted by
| the President for the improvement of the public
grounds, and for this reason our committee con-
curred with the Committee of Ways and Means
in rejecting them.
Mr. DUNHAM. It shows that the object for
which that $5,000 was appropriated has not been
carried out, and it remains for this House to de-
cide whether, when you appropriate a certain sum
of money to accomplish a particular purpose, that
