1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
money shall be diverted to another purpose, en-
tirely different, and then allow the parties expend-
ing this money, to come m and ask us to supply !
the deficiency, or to pay the debts which have
been contracted without any authority whatever.
Now, everybody knows that$5,0U0is sufficient to
erect a building of a temporary character, such as 1
was contemplated by the language of the act by
which that $5,000 was appropriated. It should
have accomplished the purpose; but, instead of
erecting such a building, they have gone on and
erected one of a different kind, with the view of
laying a foundation for a permanen t establishment
in the Government. They have gone on, and
without authority of law—[ care not whether it
has been done by the Library Committee of this
House, or by whom it has been done—and con-
tracted these debts. I say it comes home to this
House with more force than anything which has
been discussed here for the last two days, upon
this deficiency bill, whether you intend to control
the purse of the nation, or not. You appropriate
a. sum of money for a particular object, and, in-
stead of confining the expenditures to that appro-
priation, the parties go on and run the nation in
debt, and come here and say you are boufld to pay
it, because you owe the money. It is a very dif-
ferent thing from the deficiencies which we have
been paying heretofore, because they are not to
pay debts, but to enable us to go on with the ser-
vices of the country. If the gentleman's state-
ment is correct, your officers have gone on and
contracted debts, without authority of law, for
which they are probably personally liable, and
they come in and ask you to supply the deficiency
that has accrued in the violation of an act, which
was passed to make a temporary arrangement for
the purposes specified in the bill. They have
gone on in violation of that act, to lay the nest-egg
of a permanent establishment under the Govern-
ment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stan-
ton] by striking out $500. I well remember the
appropriation made last year of $5,000 for this
purpose, as stated by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Stanton.] That sum was asked for
and appropriated, but not till after opposition and
debate. I well remember that the Committee of
Ways and Means, and I think the House, were
assured that if that sum should be appropriated,
it would end the business—that it should pay and
end this work. But, sir, we see in this case, as it
often happens, that, notwithstanding that assu-
rance, the sum is used up without finishing the
work, and they are here now asking this addi-
tion of thousands. Mr. Chairman, I hope the
committee will not grant it; I hope they will vote
down the amendment, for this reason, and for
others. This whole system, under which it is
proposed to place the green-house in keeping, is
defective. It is wrong, and it will make the
" green-house" a pest, a parasite, and a leech upon
the Government. It will grow up into a new
bureau, by-and-by, Mr. Chairman, if not a new
Department of the Interior. We ought not to be
subjected to these continual calls for such pur-
poses. I am informed by persons who ought to
know, that the keeping of this "green-house,"
instead of being a yearly bill of expense of thou-
sands, may be made to pay its own way, and per-
haps more, if rightly managed. But this is no
place for the item at all. It can as well be put
anywhere else as here. It as much belongs to the
civil and diplomatic bill as to this. We are now
acting for the urgent wants of the Government.
We have been called upon by gentlemen upon the
other side of the House to take up this bill, and
act upon it, because the public interests are suffer-
ing for the want of its passage. Let them, then,
vote down all superfluous propositions. I trust
that we shall not £0 any further in the work of
loading down jhe bill with these trifling and unne-
cessary amendments. It has enough in it which
ought not to be there as it is. If gentlemen really
want it to pass, let. them not aid in making it still
more objectionable. Something may be needed to
be done with regard to this matter of the green-
house. When it is done, let it be taken up and
acted upon considerately and understanding^, so
that we may prevent the impositions which may
Otherwise he practiced upon the Government.
Mr. AVERETT. I am opposed to this amend-
| ment. It will be recollected by those who were j
I here in the last Congress, that when the appro- !
priation of $5,000 was asked for this green-house |
establishment, its friends utterly repudiated the I
idea of making it permanent. They stated that!
the rare plaots and shrubs which had been bi ought1
here by the Exploring Expedition must be re-1
I moved to give way for the extension of the Patent
j Office; that they ought to be preserved until a de-
j scnptive catalogue could be made of them, and ,
| until they could be presented to some botanical ;
establishment. I repeat, that the idea of the Gov- ,
ernment engaging permanently in the green-house
business was utterly repudiated. j
Now, sir, neither your constituents nor mine
care a fig for these shrubs and weeds. Some may :
consider this appropriation a mere picayune affair,
as not worth even a five minutes' speech; but in
voting for it we would sanction a principle, which j
would lead, yea,is leading, to the lawless expend- J
iture of millions. We appropriate $5,000 for a I
specific and temporary purpose. * Those having j
charge of the money, without any lawful author- j
ity, run beyond the amount which we appropriate, !
and then demand that we shall "foot the bill."j
We see in this small affair that we ought to be :
cautious m putting even a new cog in a wheel of
this Government. Weput in the cog, and are taxed
for a whole wheel. Sanction that, and we must
pay for as many wheels as those whom we con-
fide in to execute our laws choose to add to the
machinery of this Government. 1 hope the com-
mittee will vote down this amendment, and that
this Congress will put an end to the now fashion-
able system of spending money, or contracting
debts, without authority of law. Sir, I would
give these plants and shrubs to the corporation of
Washington, to the Smithsonian Institution, to any
body who has a taste for botany, yea, I would let
them go to rum, rather than sanction this amend-
ment. I am against this green-house concern.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STANTOJN"; of Kentucky. I offer the
ollowing amendment:
For supplying deficiency in the appropriation for the re-
pairs of the Potomac bridge, .^10,006.
Mr. S. The Commissioner of Public Buildings
has examined the structure over the Potomac river,
(and I have testimony from other sources which
goes to prove the same fact,) and states that the
bridge is in a condition of dilapidation and decay,
which makes it dangerous for persons to pass over
it. The sum of $10,000 is asked for the purpose
of putting it in a condition of repair to render it
fit for travelers. The appropriation of last year
was $4,500; but that was not alone to make re-
pairs, but to pay the keepers. The Commissioner
informs the committee that the repairs cannot be
made for less than $30,000; $10,000 will be ne-
cessary to be expended immediately, and the com-
mittee'instruct me to ask for the passage of this
item.
Mr. FICKLIN. I will reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from New Hampshire. This
is the Long Bridge which has been a very long
offender. How much it has cost up to the pre-
sent time, and how much it will cost m the fu-
ture it is very difficult for any member of this
House, or this Government, to accurately com-
pute. We should not commence now by making
$10,000 appropriations for it ina bill which should
be, if we are correctly informed by members who
have it in charge, speeilily passed to meet the
exigencies and wants of the Government. I do
i not know by what means my friend from Ken-
:l tucky [Mr. Stanton] gets the jurisdiction of this
bridge. I did not know that it'fell withm the lim-
its of the public grounds.
Mr. STANTON. With the permission of the
gentleman, the public grounds, buildings, and
1 bridges, are all under the jurisdiction of the Com-
| missioner of Public Buildings. He is required by
law to submit the estimates to the Committee on
Public Buildings, to receive their approval before
being laid before the House. ■ That is the way in
which we get jurisdiction.
Mr. FICKLIN. It may be legitimately before
that committee, though it struck me, at first, it
\va$ not. I certainly think, if we undertake to
patch up this long bridge, we should submit the
whole subject to the consideration of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings. It belongs to them, and
let them bring in a bill. Let them digest this mat-
ter, report a bill, and not make an appropriation
here.
The question was put, and the amendment was
rejected.
"The Clerk then read the following item:
"For payment to the American paity of St. Regis In-
dians, (less'the sum of one thousand dollars, appropriated
by the act of twenty-seventh of June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, in pursuance of the stipulation contained in the
supplemental articlo,) as a remimetaUon for moneys laid
out by s>aid tube, and for services rendered by their chiefs
and agent*, m securing the title to the Green Bay lands,
and in removal to the same, agreeably to the provisions of
the ninth article of the treaty with the S x Nations of New
York, of fifteenth of January, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, four thousand dollars."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am instruct-
ed by the Committee on Indian Affairs to submit
the following amendment:
For payment to the Seneca Indians, of New York, for
moneys wrongfully withiiolden from them by an agent ap-
pointed by the Government for the management of their
affairs, as per report of Thomas B. Stoddard, commis-
sioner, selected by the Secretary of War, to make the
requisite investigation, pursuant to the direction contained
m the fourth section of the act of 27th June, 1846, making
appropriations for the Indian department, ($25,505 50,)
twenty-five thousand five hundred and five dollars and fifty
cents.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds; I desire to say that this is not a deficiency
bill, that there is not in it five items of deficiency
in regard to Indian Affairs. I want to denounce
the point of order before it is raised. 1 anticipa-
ted that it would he made, and if I am decided to
be out of order, I shall take an appeal.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I rise to a
question of order, and it is this: The money ex-
pected to be appropriated under the amendment
submited by the gentleman, is not authorized by
any existing law, nor is it in pursuance of any
existing treaty.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is in pursuance of an ex-
isting law. Now, I call the gentleman's atten-
tion, if he knows anything about the case, to the
fact that the Committee 011 Indian Affairs has ex-
amined this subject, that their report is made in
obedience to facts which, had I the time, I could
state; that it is made in obedience to the act of
June 27th, 1846, and that it cannot be said to be
inconsistent with that law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hopes the gen-
tleman from Arkansas will not discuss this ques-
tion out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON". I am not discussing it, but
only answering an assertion that this appropria-
tion was not made in obedience to law.
The CHAIRMAN. Offered as an amendment
to the clause just read by the Clerk, the Chair is
clearly of opinion that it is not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is what 1 expected.
Now, I want to make an inquiry of the Chair.
Were I to object to certain items—not deficien-
cies—which have been introduced into this bill, as
being inconsistent with this intention, what would
be the decision of the Chair ? Would he rule them
out of order? I will demonstrate, if there is any
truth in the record, that they are not deficiencies.
I will take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and let the committee decide whether my
amendment is or is not consistent with the bill. I
trust I may be sustained by the committee. It is
an estimate I offer, and nothing else.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will beg leave
to state to the committee the facts upon which he
has based his decision. In order that the com-
mittee may understand clearly, the Chair will read
the clause under consideration.
[Here the Chair read from the clause under
consideration, as inserted above.]
The gentleman from Arkansas proposes the
amendment to this clause which has been read by
the Clerk.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move it as a separate sec-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
question that is before the committee. The Chair
has decided the amendment to be out of order upon
the ground that it is not germane to the clause
under consideration, which is to supply deficien-
cies, as read by the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON. I thought that clause had
been adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. It has not yet been passed.
