1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
, tion of the many arguments which, [ think, might j
weil be made against the policy of the original es- |
tablishraent of these lines. That question has j
been heretofore settled, and these lines have been j
established. Notwithstanding all we have heard i
said about patriotism, and the rivalry of Great [
Britain, I can only look at this as a contract be- I
tween us and another party,and I can only regard j
E. K. Collins as a mail carrier. That we have a ;
right to make a mail contract, I have no doubt; i
and that it is our duty to make a good contract— 1
a good bargain, I am equally well satisfied. The
amendment which I have proposed, in part, pro-
vides for that which the bill seems to secure—that
is, the fixing of a time for the termination of the
extra compensation proposed to be given by this
bill. My amendment fixes the 31st of December,
1854. Those advocating the bill, I suppose, would
not dare to propose that the extra allowance be
perpetual; and yet every man here who knows
anything of the legislative proceedings of Con-
gress, knows that the passage of this bill would be
to secure this extra allowance to these parties for-
ever! There is no power to repeal it hereafter,
and if the friends of the measure are acting m good
faith, they can have no objection to my amend-
ment. If it be intended to give protection to this
line of steamers only for a short time, why not
say so? No, sir, the object is to fasten this in-
cumbrance upon the country now and forever!
Now, there may have been in times past—and I
do not intend to discuss this question now, for it
has been heretofore discussed often—a period in
our history when it was necessary to give tempo-
rary protection to a feeble domestic interest, that
it mightbesustained. That might have been wise
policy, but we are now called upon to act upon
the general principle of protection to a particular
interest, now struggling in competition with a for-
eign Power. It is to encourage one branch of our
Navy in competition with a third. In times past,
we remember our manufactures had to be encour-
aged to the entire destruction of the commercial
marine. Trade was cut off by tariff revenues,
which bore oppressively upon our commercial
marine. Now, to-day the scheme is to be re-
versed, and the power of Congress is to be in-
volved to sustain the marine, at the expense of all
the other interests of the country. This policy
attempted to be ingrafted on the bill, might have
been a good one from the necessities of the times
heretofore; but I deny that there is any reason for
its continuance. It is evident that both parties to
the original contract have been disappointed. The
Administration recommended this policy to the
country, under the supposition that E. K. Collins
and his associates could do what they proposed to
accomplish, for the sum proposed to be given them.
A future increase of proceeds of the Post Office
Department, was held out as an inducement to the
Government to enter into this contract. The pay
which was to be given by the Government, and
money received from passengers, it was alleged by
the parties who undertook to establish this line,
was ample remuneration for their services. Why
is it not so? I have not the evidence before me,
but I am satisfied that mismanagement and extrav-
agance have caused the results detailed to us to-
day.
| Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SACKETT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, but in favor of the Senate amendment, as
it now stands before the committee. I regard this
question as involving, first, the kind of navy this
Government ought to maintain; next, the mode
and manner of maintaining that navy. First, is
it wise to seek to maintain a steam navy? Next, is
the mode and manner presented the best to enable
us to maintain that navy, for all practical purposes,
and is it cheaper and more economical than to
maintain the same kind of navy independently of
all private connection ? I think there is no longer
any doubt on these questions. I think the intro-
duction of this new system of maintaining one of
the necessary powers of the Government is a vast
improvement upon the old. I can see many prac-
tical reasons why it is so. There is no reason
why ships constructed in this navy should not be
as valuable as others, or why they should not be
equal to the emergencies of war, the purpose for
which they were substantially built. There is no
necessary reason why they are not as good as
though they were constructed by the Government
itself. I say there is no necessary reason. Next,
by the introduction and maintenance of this sys- jt
tem, we promote a great interest in time of peace, j]
We make an element of war—one of our arms of
defense of vast importance to the commerce of |j
the country—an auxiliary to the business of the |i
country. Now, I will ask the friends and foes j
of this measure; questions which I hope they' will
answer satisfertorjly. Is not this system of main-
taining a naval marine the cheapest? Does riot
the introduction of this new element cheapen the
transportation of the products of the country? Does
it not add facilities for the transportation not only
of the products, but the population, from one por-
tion of the world to any other? To. my mind the j
proposition is readily answered. It manifestly
does; then why should we forego these advant-
ages, advantages of the highest importance to the
nation ? This is a contest not between individuals,
but a contest between nations. The. interests of
individuals are involved necessarily in the contro-
versy; but the contest really is one between two
sovereignties—England and the United States—
for the supremacy of the seas. It is a contest for
tiie carrying trade, for the commerce of the world,
and individuals are only connected with it so far
as the nature of the contract the Government has
seen fit to enter into is concerned. The contest is
not theirs. It is flag against flag; Power against
Power; and I shall never vote to pull down our
flag in such a contest. It is a question of the su-
premacy of the seas; a question of commerce; and
the contest, therefore, is between us and England,
as to which shall have the triumph on the seas.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question then being upon Mr. Savage's
amendment—
Mr MEADE demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Chandler and Molony
appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 43, noes not counted.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move to
strike out " six," and insert " twenty-three." I
do this for the purpose of presenting an idea
which I was prevented in my five minutes' time
from stating, when I occupied the floor this morn-
ing. It is contended that this payment to the
Collins company is in the nature of protection—
protection such as is provided in the tariff system.
It is perfectly plain that there is nothing of the
kind involved m this bill. I look upon it as a
simple demand for services performed. The#hly
question with us is, whether we are receiving an
equivalent for the money to be given ? I conceive
that those gentlemen upon this side of the House,
who are putting the question upon constitutional
grounds, are injuring their own cause. I do not
consider that proposition as worthy of notice, be-
cause there are few who will contend that we
have not the right to carry the mail, or contract for
carrying the mail, from the United States to Eng-
land. There must be very few, also, who will
contend that the Government may not maintain a
Navy in the mode in which it is proposed to
maintain it by this system, if it be efficient and
effectual for that purpose. What do we pay in
the first place, for the transportation of the mail ?
We could have it done cheaper, 1 admit. We
could have the mail transported in smaller vessels,
perhaps. They may be a few days or a few
hours longer in crossing the ocean, but that would
not be a matter of great consequence. These ves-
sels are large and powerful, built for war pur-
poses, and the best calculated for war purposes of
any ships afloat. One of the most distinguished
officers in the Navy told me with his own lips,
that if he had his choice of all the vessels which
are to-day afloat in any Navy of the world, he
would take one of these steamers, and with alter-
ations not costing over $15,000 would put such an
armament on board, as to make her superior to
any vessel in the English, French, or Russian
Navy, or any other Navy of the world.
A Voice. What Commodore ? and what would
it cost to prepare them for an armament?
Mr. STANTON. Commodore Perry. He
said a gentleman of responsibility had offered to
contract to change them for $15,000, and he be-
lieved he would make $5,000 by the contract. I
have no doubt with that sum these steamers could
be put in order for carrying an armament. The
question is now, whether we are paying, or about
to pay, too much for carrying mails in such ves-
sels as these, capable of being applied to such pur-
It is a question whether we are getting an
equivalent for our money, and i think upon a lull
examination there can be no doubt of this. To
be sure these contractors have been mistaken.
They have built better and stronger war-vessels
than they proposed to build in their contract, and
after an experiment of two years in running them
they find—and the whole country is aware of the
fact—that they have been losing money. The sim-
ple question now is, whether it is of sufficient im-
portance to justify us in paying the compensation
asked. There is no question about it in my mind.
It is no question of protection, of bounties, or
of interference with the private enterprise of the
country. You are only-paying this man a fair
equivalent for running a kind of vessels which
private enterprise will never build, because they
would be unprofitable. I say nothing is clearer
or better settled than that private individuals
cannot build such vessels as these for mail service
without the support of the Government Then
in giving them the additional pay necessary to sus-
tain them, you are only placing them upon an
equality with private enterprise, by compensating
them for the greater size and strength of their ves-
sels. You are paying for those capacities in these
ships which will be required in the event of a war.
You are paying for theexperience in building and
working this immense machinery, and for the ed-
ucation of a corps of engineers which will be in-
dispensable to you in the contingency of war,
and which you cannot secure by any other means.
In short, you are paying for a great and important
experiment, which has already been of immense
advantage to the country, and which, if tried in
your own naval service, would cost twenty times
as much. I regret that I have not time or oppor-
tunity to enlarge upon these points, for m my
judgment they are susceptible of demonstration.
Laying aside all national pride, all interest in the
great contest against British supremacy, I am
well satisfied that we receive a full compensation,
in services performed, for the money asked for in
this amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise for the purpose of
opposing this amendment. The amendment which
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]
offers, proposes to increase the aid which has been
given to this Collins line of steamers. Th? gen-
tleman says that it amounts to no interference
with private enterprise; but the manner in which
he emphasizes that assertion shows that he at-
taches an importance to it. I concur with the gen-
tleman in that point, and it is of sufficient import-
ance to demand the attention of the House. I
attempted, in the speech which I delivered this
morning, to draw a contrast between the great fleet
of steamers in the valley of the Mississippi, and
those upon other waters. I would follow up that
idea now 
Mr. GOODENOW. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the gentleman is not dis-
cussing the amendment. I do not make this point
| of order out of any disrespect to the gentleman.
I desire to call the attention of the House to the
fact that the debate has been increasing; and as I
believe every gentleman of the committee has made
up his mind how to vote on the question, I do
insist that those who undertake to speak shall
speak in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the line of remark adopted by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] is not in order. The ques-
tion under discussion is: " Shall there be thirteen
months notice, instead of six," upon the propriety
of limiting that notice.
Mr. SWEETSER. As it involves the whole
question of propriety, I will barely remark, if the
object is to confine debate strictly to the amend-
ments proposed, I will yield the floor with great
pleasure. I will inform the committee and Chair
that I will feel authorized to make a point of order
hereafter upon any gentleman who may depart
from the strict line of discussion.
[Cries of " That's right!" " That's right!"]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment offered by Mr. Stanton,
of Tennessee; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I offer an amend-
ment which I hope the friends of this bill will
accept.
I move to amend by inserting after the word
'' Congress "these words: "The Postmaster Gen-
