858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
That is the ground upon which the decision of the
Chair was founded.
Mr. JOHNSON. Under tlie circumstances, 1
withdraw my appeal. I beg the Chair's pardon.
As soon as the point of order is again raised, 1
shall take an appeal.
If there is no amendment to be proposed to that
clause, I will move to intervene the amendment 1
sent to the Chair as an independent section be-
tween the clause which has been last read and the
qne following.
The Clerk again read the amendment, [the same
as-inserted above.]
Mr. PHELPS. I raise the same point of order
which I before submitted. The act of the 27th of
June, 1846 
Mr. JOHNSON. I call the gentleman to order,
as the Chair has decided points of order are not
debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order is
not debatable. ;
Mr. PHELPS. I would like to state my point j
of order. The appropriation proposed in that I
amendment is not in pursuance of any existing !
law or treaty, nor is it a deficiency of any appro-
priation made at a previous time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose I am privileged to
rnolce a, statement also in regard to the point of
order, as the gentleman has done so?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is got de-
batable.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will say that the Commit-
tee ©f Ways and Means is not this House. It1
has dealt unjustly with these particular estimates
for appropriations. If they are going to force the
thing, I will try, so far as tarn concerned, to meet
them.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I will suggest
to the Chair, if it is admissible to do so, that the
gentleman be allowed to state the facts upon which
this appropriation is asked, so that the committee
may be enabled to decide upon this matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The opinion of the Chair
in regard to tilts amendment, in the language em-
ployed is, that it is in order as an amendment to
this bill; and in order that the committee may
understand the decision of the Chair, he would
ask leavifto state the amendment asr it appears:
For payment to the Seneca Indians of New York for
moneys wrongly withholden from them by ail agent ap-
pointed by the Government for the management of tbeii
affair*, a-> per report of Thomas II. Stoddaid, Comnu--slonei
selftctod by the Secretary ot War to make the requisite in-
vestigation, pursuant to the direction contained in the 4th
section ofttio act of June 27th, 1846, making appropriation
for the Indian Department (.^21,505 50) twenty-Jive thou-
sand five hundred and five dollars and fifty cents.
The language is not very clear, but the construc-
tion which the Chair gives to it is, to make up to
the Indians the amount of money hitherto ap-
propriated to them, and improperly withheld by
the agent.
Mr. PHELPS. I am under the necessity of
appealing from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am entitled
to the floor, and I take the decision. I do not
care what it is based upon, it is in my favor.
{Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS. I take the opportunity to show
that this appropriation is not ir, pursuance of law.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does this come out of my
time ?
The CHARMAN. The honorable gentleman
from Arkansas (Mr. Johxson] is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask a question of
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
that we may understand this matter.. I wish to
ask the gentleman if the Department did not esti-
mate this as a deficiency, and can we go behind
the estimates of the Department, as to what is de-
ficiency, on questions of order?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a point, and a correct
one.
The question was then taken, Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee? and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe my time is only to
commence now. I will speak of the position of
the amendment here and upon this class of cases
in general. I see, as war has been made upon this
amendment, that it is to be made upon the rest of
those which I shall offer. I would be glad to ask,
in order that I may have a chance now to defend
this same class of items throughout, and not be
under the necessity of saying anything more about
it, upon what ground numberless of these same
articles have been put into the deficiency bill. They
are not deficiencies. They have been put there be-
cause they have been estimated for by the Depart-
ment as deficiencies; and, upon that basis, the
Committee of Ways and Means—and they can-
not deny it—have allowed numberless items to go
into the deficiency bill which are not deficiencies
at all.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If I under-
stand the gentleman, he asserts that there is noth-
ing in the bill that is estimated here, as connected
with Indian affairs, that properly constitutes de-
ficiency.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not at all. He will under-
stand me to say, that there are some things in the
bill which are not deficiencies, no more than those
which I shall offer. Now, that is the course which
the committee take, and the ground upon which
they make their deficiency is upon the estimates
of the Departments. I shall offer nothing to the
House outside of the limits of the estimates of the
Department, and only so far within the estimates
as they are necessary, according to the opinion of
the committee of which I am a member, to the
service of the country. With these few remarks,
I will pass this matter. In regard to this particu-
lar item, 1 will say that the Senate passed a bill
for the payment of this identical sum of money in
1846—$25,000, and upwards. The bill came to
this House, and the H8use not being satisfied that
a proper investigation had been made with regard
to it, struck out the appropriation, and inserted a
clause requiring the then Secretary of War to
cause investigations to be made into the matter.
A commissioner was appointed by him—Thomas
B. Stoddard—who investigated the facts, and re-
ported them to the War Department. They have
gone to the Indian bureau; and they, finding the
estimate to be just and right, and finding the regu-
larity of the application to be unmistakable, have
made their estimates, and sent them to this House
for the payment of these Indians. Some of the
money which was held by the Government of the
United States for these Indians, has never been
paid over to them. That is tht history of the
case. In obedience to that investigation, the esti-
mate is made by the Indian department, with an
accompanying recommendation that the money be
paid. Not one cent of interest is asked or esti-
mated for by the department; but simply the
original sum. In 1836, '37, '38, and '39 these
defaults occurred; the last one was in 1839, and
from that time to the present—twelve years—
have these Indians been deprived of their just
rights and the money which was due to them.
Now, the Commissioner comes in, and estimates
under the previous investigation, and furnishes it
for the Committee of Ways and Means, for a de-
ficiency bill. The question which comes before
ue is, ought they to be paid or not? I understand
the Commissioner to say they ought not to be.
If they will look a little more into the law—though
I do not profess to be much of a lawyer myself—
they will find that where a party has acted as
trustee, lie will be held responsible for the faithful
discharge of his trust; and where moneys are
placed in his hands, he will be held responsible for
them. It has been proved, after a full investi-
gation, that the money in this case was placed in
the hands of the Government agent. [I beg the
Chairman not to handle that mallet so much; it
makes me uneasy. (Laughter.) It hastens me
rather too much.] This money was placed in the
hands of the Government agent, and I read to the
House, in my speech the other day, a full state-
ment of the charge, under the hand and seal of the
Secretary of War, requiring the United States
agent to take charge of the moneys of these In-
dians; and I have another letterto the same effect.
Under these circumstances, the Government agent
was constituted their trustee—m other words,
the United States became the trustee of their
money. That money has never been paid over to
them. They now-ask it of you. In numberless
cases have the Government responded to their
obligations as trustees, and have paid them; but
when it comes to a poor, helpless, and weak tribe
of Indians, your arm is strong, but you have not
the heart-—the honesty—to pay them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to speak against this
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON.. I ask the gentleman to allow
this letter to be read, as the House may want the
facts.
Mr. PHELPS. Not now.
Mr. JOHNSON. After the gentleman is done,
I shall ask that it be read.
Mr. PHELPS. This claim has been regarded
in the nature of a private claim. It was so con- -
sidered, when a report was made in favor of it by
the Senate—the report to which the gentleman has
referred. It was then reported by the Senate, and
was considered exclusively as a private bill, and
submitted to the usual investigation of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. The Commissioner of
Indian Affairs has seen fit to embrace it in his
estimates of deficiencies. I have remarked that
it was no deficiency, and I say it is questionable
whether the Indians are entitled to any consider-
ation whatever upon the claim they have present-
ed. The act of 1846 authorizes—and I have it
here before me—the appointment of a commis-
sioner to investigate and ascertain whether any
moneys had been improperly withheld or retained
i by an Indian agent in the State of New York,
: which justly belonged to the Seneca Indians.
They were entitled to annuities from the Govern-
ment of the United States and from the State of
New York. I believe most of the persons com-
posing the tribe of the Senecas were as competent
to manage the affairs of their nation and their own
affairs, as most of the white men of the country;
for many of them are of mixed blood, and are
well educated. A gentleman by the name of
_Stryker held the office of Indian Agent during the
"years of 1836, '37, '38, and '39, when it is said this
money was improperly taken from the Indians.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in his in-
structions to Mr. Stoddard, who was appointed to
investigate this matter, remarks as follows:
"The moneys said to have been retained by the sub agent,
: and not paid ovei to the Indians, were received by lain
j from tlie State of New York and the 'Ogden Company,'
I and did not pass through the hands of the Government;
! consequently, all the information which the Department is
j possessed of is derived from the Indians themselves, or in-
dividuals attending to their interests. The sub agent al-
ways received the money upon orders directly emanating
fiom the chiefSj or constituted authorities of the nation, to
be by him paid over as he might be directed by the same
authority; there was, therefore, no accountability on the
part of the sub-agent to the Government."
There was no accountability, therefore, upon
the part of the sub-agent to the Government. The
sub-agent was required to give bond and security
for the faithful discharge of his duties, and for all
the moneys which passed from the hands of the
Government; he and his securities were responsible
for the faithful application and disbursement of
these moneys and for the moneys which he re-
ceived from those Indians, and by their authority
and direction he was not responsible upon his offi-
cial bond. The Indians were willing to consider
j him their agent and attorney in his private ca-
pacity.
I will remark, that in all the investigation,
Stryker did not appear before that commissioner;
but he says in the letters he addressed to that
officer in regard to the charge, that he had dis-
posed of moneys which fell into his hands—that
he had expended a large amount of his own pri-
' vate funds, and that the Indians were indebted to
him. JJe gave as an excuse that he was afflicted
at that time with an inflamation of the eyes, so
that he was prevented from even writing or read-
ing, and was otherwise in ill health, and could,
therefore, make no further explanation of the mat-
ter. The report made by this commissioner
shows, that some of this money passed into the
hands of a former sub-agent, and it is question-
able whether a defalcation, if defalcation it may be
called, did not occur under the former sub-agent.
I say, in the first place, it is doubtful whether
there is anything due to the Indians. Certain it
is, that a former Commissioner of Indian Affairs
declared these funds were deposited by the In-
dians with the agent upon his own individual re-
sponsibility, and not upon the responsibility of
the Government, and that the Government could
not be held responsible for any misapplication of
these funds. These are the facts in relation to the
case, and these are the reasons for considering it
no deficiency, and for considering no appropria-
tion necessary. Consider it merely as a matter
which applies to common justice. We see no
