1724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
which shows that steamers of the first class in
commission cost the Government, in certain arti-
cles, $131,894 34. To that sum- might be added
tile interest on the cost of a steam-frigate, say
$36,000, which we should have to lose in case v/e
constructed a vessel upon our own account. It is
estimated that the depreciation in a vessel of that
sort ranges from twelve to fifteen per cent, per an-
num, which would swell the annual expense
§30,000 more. This would make the cost of a
steam-frigate of the first class §257,894 33 per an-
num. The difference between the cost per annum
of a steam-frigate owned by the United States and
the amount that we should pay to the Collins line
for one of their ships, at $26,000 per trip, I will
show to be about $225,000 in round numbers.
Twenty-six trips, at $26,000, would amount to
$676,000, which, divided by five, the number of
vessels in the line, will give $135,200 per annum
for each vessel, which, subtracted from the an-
nual cost of a Government steamer—to wit $257,-
894 33—would leave $122,694 33 in favor of the
former.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man forgets to add the mail pay.
_ Mr. MEADE. I am coming to that. Now,
sir, the mail-pay in 1851 for this Tine was $343,641,
which was an increase of $173,744 over the year
before, and if, during the year 1852, there should
be a similar increase, as we may reasonably infer,
the amount for the year 1852 would be $517,383,
Which, distributed among the five steamers, would
reduce the annual pay of this line to $31,923 for
each ship, being less, by $225,971, than the cestof
maintaining a Government steamer. The total
saving on the five vessels amounting to the sum of
$1,1211,825 per annum; the saving in five years
would be $5,649,275, being $2,500,000 more than
the cost or value of the vessels.
[Here the hammer fell.J
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mill-
son's amendment to the amendment, and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. MASON. Mr. Chairman, I desire to offer
an amendment, to come in at the end of the pro-
viso. I offer it in good faith. I hope the friends
ofthebil! will listen to it, and I shall call for tellers
upon it. The amendment I propose, is as follows:
Providedfurther. That any party to a contract with the
Post Otitic Department, tor carrying the United States
mail, t-hall bi> reraimeuUed for any loss he may have sus-
tained by such contract, and that tlie bum of .'$100,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated for that purpose.
Mr. CllNGMAN. Is that proposition in order?
It proposes to make a general law, with leference
to all persons who may not have been remunerated
under their contracts with the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Mr. MASON. I understand that this appro-
priation is made because these parties are mail-
carriers, and I want to put all the mail-carriers
upon the same footing.
Mr. CLINGMAN. You have no right to make
a general bill of this.
The Cl-IAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that is
not in order as an amendment to this subdivision.
Mr. MASON. I move to strike out the word
"six''in the sixteenth line, and insert the word
" two" in lieu thereof. The proposition which 1
made just now, it seems, was out of order. I
have no doubt, however, that those who give this
$800,000, as a remuneration to this large ste^jn
line, will perhaps take into consideration the justice
of paying the $100,000 to contractors throughout
the United States, who have lost by carrying the
moil service heretofore. Thegentleman—the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs—makes
this appropriation constitutional, expressly upon
the ground that it is for carrying the United States
mail.
Mr. FOWL!®. With much respect for the
gentleman who lias the floor, I rise to a question
of order.
Mr. MASON. I will get in order directly, if
you will leave me alone.
Mr. FOWLER. The question is to reduce the
time from six months to two. I trust that the
gentleman will be made to confine his remarks to
that point.
Mr. MASON. The number of petitions at the
Post Office Department, and numerous petitions
before the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads of this House, show that there are hun-
dreds of contractors in absolute want and destitu-
tion, who have been reduced to those circumstances
by their patriotic services in carrying the mails of
the United States. If, sir, patriotism requires that
the proprietors of this large steam line shall be
remunerated for their losses, the American people
will demand that all those who carry the mails of
the United States shall be likewise remunerated.
Mr. FOWLER. I insist that the Chairman
shall decide my question of order.
I The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
l tucky must necessarily confine his remarks to
showing the propriety of reducing the time of
notice from six months to two months.
Mr. MASON. Sir, I have heard gentlemen on
all sides appealing to the patriotism of this House.
May not 1 appeal to its sense of justice? Justice
is one of the essential attributes of patriotism;
and, sir, if it was proper and legitimate to appeal to
the patriotism of the House, Certainly it is m order
for me to appeal to its sense of justice. I hope
the gentleman from Massachusetts will now see
that I am in order. [Laughter.]
Mr. FOWLER. I repeat that it was from no
disrespect to the gentleman that J raised the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. MASON. Oh, no; I am sure of that.
Sir, if we are to appropriate this $800,000 for this
Collins mail line, why should not we, at the same
time, remunerate the hundreds of men who have
been utterly ruined and made bankrupt in dairy-
ing the mails of the United States ? Gentlemen
should recollect that they will have to meet these
men when they go home. They are not few, nor
far between. Go to the room of your Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, or to the Post
Office Department, and you will find file upon file
of petitions from these men, praying for relief in
every form and manner, and crying aloud for your
justice as well as generosity.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Let me sug-
gest to the gentleman that this appropriation is
not merely to pay the losses of the contractors,
but it is to enable them to keep up the line. With-
out it the line must go down.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to oppose
this amendment, and as in advocating a similar
one, my colleague [Mr. Millson] made, as I fancy,
a most uncalled-for reference to me, 1 take it for
granted that it will be in order for me to reply to
him. —
Mr. GOODENOW. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 beg the gentleman to let me
go on. I desire to make a personal explanation.
Mr. GOODENOW. I rise to a question of
order. I know that the gentleman from Virginia
will not take it unkindly. But 1 claim that the
question of protection has nothing to do with the
amendment before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman frorti Vir-
ginia will be necessarily confined to showing that
the notice ought to be six months instead of two.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, Mr. Chairman, if I un-
derstand anything about parliamentary law—and
I think it is time that I should, if [ have capacity
to do it—I know of no better-settled principle than
that when one gentleman has been allowed in
speaking on an amendment, to make reference to
another, and especially to one of his colleagues,
parliamentary liberality requires that the gentle-
man so referred to should have the privilege of re-
ply, on a similar proposition.
Mr. GOODENOW. On that ground I with-
draw my question of order.
Mr. MILLSON here made a brief explanation
to his colleague, [Mr. Bayly,J not a won! of which
was heard by tile Reporters, m consequence of his :
having directed his remarks from them.
Mr. BAYLY, (resuming.) That h: precisely
as I understood the gentleman. -S;r, v. i.e/i that |
gentleman has struck as many blows, and—though •
it may be vanity in me to say so—as man y Ive >
blows in favor of free trade as I have, it will '
be time for him to say, that in supporting such ,
propositions as this, I am fighting under the ;
banner of protectionists. When he has struck as |
many blows, and—] again, egotistically perhaps, ;
add—as many effective blows in favor of Democ- !
racy as I have, he may undertake to talk about \
the Whigs receiving an ally in me. I am not one !
of those, however, who choose to bring Demo- |
cratic doctrines into disrepute by running them i
into absurd extremes. Disciples are becoming 1
' worse than apostles, and men who follow in the
j footsteps of Jefferson are no longer Republicans.
My colleague says that this very report by Mr.
I Jefferson, which I have quoted, has been quoted
i by protectionists against him in support of a tariff.
II know it, and it has always been misquoted.
I Neither Jefferson, Madison, Polk, Jackson, nor
any other Democrat that I ever knew, questioned
> the power of Congress to regulate our commerce
' and our navigation.
; Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask the gen-
; tleman from Virginia if lie did not vote against the
I introduction of this scheme in 1847?
; Mr. BAYLY. No vote was taken on it.
| Mr. JOHNSON, I ask the gentleman if he
was not opposed to it then?
Mr. BAYLY. I tell the gentleman frankly,
that I was not in favor of forming a connection
i with this or any other company.
! Mr. JOHNSON. Exactly. If it is Democratic
now, why was it not Democratic then ?
' Mr. BAYXjY. I never based my opposition to
I it upon the absurd ground that it was unconstitu-
I tional—never. Upon that occasion I made no
point. It was recommended by a Democratic
President; it was carried by a Democratic House;
there was a strong feeling in favor of that law.
! How did the gentleman from Tennessee vote upon
that occasion ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I was opposed to it, and so
were you.
j Mr. BAYLY. Yes; but I never put my oppo-
sition to it upon the absurd ground of a want of
constitutional power. I had other grounds of op-
, position. But having embarked our fortune*; in a
j common bottom with these persons, even though
. against my wishes, in what has now become n
; national contest, I am not willing, through any
demagogism or anything else, to back out of our
partnership in a concern into which I never wished
to enter.
Mr. FREEMAN. I ask the gentleman on
' what clause of the Constitution he relies for the
power of Congress to pass this appropriation ?
1 Mr. BAYLY. Will the gentleman tell me
where Congress gets the power to require steam-
boats on the Western lakes and waters to take
out licenses, and vessels engaged in the foreign
i trade to take out registers, to regulate the number
of passengers that shall be brought into the coun-
try to the ton, to require vessels to have their
names on their sterns, and that the letters shall be
at least six inches long? Where the right to grant
fishing bounties? where the right of exclusive le-
gislation in reference to tonnage and navigation is
found ? If he will tell me where we find the power
of marine defense—if he will, I will answer his
question.
Mr. FREEMAN. In the power to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and between the
States.
Mr. BAYLY. The General Government has
exclusive authority over the subject of navigation
and tonnage. The States have been prohibited
from making any regulations with respect to ton-
nage and navigation. Every vessel, I believe,
over five tons burden, is required to take out a
license, if engaged in the coasting trade, or to be
registered, if engaged in the foreign trade. No
State can legislate on the subject at"all. The ex-
clusive power over this subject cf navigation is in
Congress, Sir, this thing has nothing to do with
the doctrine of a tariff for protection, and it is an
utter misconception of the whole subject to sup-
pose it has.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, LETCHER moved that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. GOODENOW demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Stanton, of
Tennessee, and Hexdiucks were appointed.
The question w.is then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—-ayes 83, noes not count-
ed.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman [Mr.
StuartJ reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the amendment of the Sem.teto House
bill No. 207, 1!to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
