1726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
law, for distances under a thousand miles ? I did j
not distinctly understand it, and others understood
it differently from what I did.
Mr. OLDS. Then I shall have to go over the
whole again.
Mr. BROOKS. We have the same tables be-
fore us. Let us compare. Take the table, where
the distance does not exceed fifty miles, and what
is the postage on a daily newspaper, according to
your table ?
Mr. OLDS. A daily newspaper under fifty
miles per quarter, under the old law, is twenty-
five cents; under the new, thirty-nine cents; that
is by tlie ounce.
Mr. BROOKS. Wow, let me ask another
question. Suppose that paper should weigh an
ounce and a gram, what would be the postage?
Mr. OLDS. It would be seventy-eight cents
under that table.
Mr. BROOKS. I will now ask the gentleman
another question in order to get the facts before
the House. Under three hundred miles what is
the postage now on a daily paper ?
Mr. OLDS. Fifty cents.
Mr. BROOKS. What would it be under the
proposed act, for a newspaper of an ounce or un-
der?
Mr. OLDS. It would be thirty-nine cents.
Mr. BROOKS. What would it be for a news-
paper weighing over one ounce?
Mr. OLDS. It would be double that sum,
seventy-eight cents.
Mr. FOWLER. I understand the chairman of
the committee to say, that over nine tenths of the
papers of the country are under one ounce. Is
that so ?
Mr. OLDS. According to my calculation, nine
tenths of the country circulation comes under an
ounce. And nearly all the country papers will
pass through the mail at a half cent postage.
I shall not trouble the House to extend these
comparisons to transient newspapers. Suffice it
to say, that the old law amounts almost to an ex-
clusion of transient papers from the mails, while
the new law, if it pass, will put them upon the
same footing as other papers, only requiring that
the postage shall be prepaid. That is all the
difference; and it otherwise allows transient papers
to pass through the mails of the United States the
same as papers to regular subscribers.
I will not trouble the House, briefly comparing
the effects of the old and the new law upon peri-
odicals and other printed matter.
Periodicals weighing one ounce, underfive hun-
dred miles, by the old law would pay one cent—
under the new one cent. Over five hundred miles
and not over fifteen hundred miles, the old postage
would be two cents, and the new one cent. From
fifteen hundred to twenty-five hundred miles, the
old is three cents, the new one cent. From twenty-
five hundred to thirty-five hundred miles, the old
is four cents. Up to three thousand miles, the
new is one cent—over thirty-five hundred the old
is live cents—over three thousand the new is two
cents. For two ounces the rate under five hundred
miles, by the old law, is two cents, by the new one
cent; from five hnndied to fifteen hundred miles
the old is four cents, and the new one cent; from
fifteen hundred to twenty-five hundred miles the
old is six cents, the new one cent; from twenty-
five hundred to thirty-live hundred miles the oid
19 eight cents—up to three thousand miles the new
is one cent; over thirty-five hundred miles the old
is ten cents; over three thousand miles the new is
two cents. On thiee ounces weight, under five [j
hundred miles, the old postage is three cents, the ij
new two cents; from five hundred to fifteen hun- ;l
dred miles the old is six cents, and the new two
cents; from fifteen hundred to twenty-five hun-i
dred miles the old is ftine cents, the new two cents;
from twenty-five hundred to thirty-five hundred |
miles the old is twelve cents—up to three thousand i
miles the new is two cents; over thirty-five hun- H
dred miles the old is fifteen cents; over three J
thousand miles the new is four cents. The ratio 'j
of increase per ounce continues, as ill these lllus-
trations, to the weight of four puunds under the j|
new law; to the weight of two pounds under the i(
old law. |
The international and Harpers'New Monthly |l
will weigh about eight ounces per number. :
Under the old law these periodicals would pay 1,1
eight cents for five hundred miles; under the new i
the postage would be seven eents. From five hun- !i
dred to one thousand five hundred the old post-
age would be sixteen cents, the new seven cents;
from one thousand five hundred to two thousand
five hundred the old would be twenty-four cents,
the new seven cents; from two thousand five hun-
dred to three thousand five hundred the old would
be thirty-two cents—up to three thousand miles
the new would be seven cents; over three thou-
sand five hundred miles the-old would be forty
cents; over three thousand miles the new would
be fourteen cents.
Under the old law these rates are reduced one
half when paid in advance.
It will be seen at a glance, Mr. Speaker, that
the enormous postage charged upon periodicals,
for long distances, amounts to an exclusion of
those periodicals from the mails, and consequent-
ly seriously affects the revenues of the United
States. You take, for instance, California, and it
entirely excludes her from obtaining, through
the mads, the intelligence which can be conveyed
to her through the periodicals of the Eastern and
Atlantic States. It will be perceived that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] is mis-
taken in- supposing that the proposed changes
make an increase of the postage upon newspa-
pers, periodicals, and other printed matter. It is
a reduction of the postage. It is true that, under
fifty miles, and, perhaps, up to five hundred, the
average might be as lngh as it is under the old
law, but when you come to five hundred miles and
over, there is a reduction in the rates on the news-
paper circulation of the country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is an argument for this.
A newspaper must be mailed at one office, and de-
livered at anoiher office of delivery, and the same
trouble of mailing and delivery occurs where a
paper is sent fifty miles, as where it is sent three
thousand. There is no difference in that respect,
and really the expense of transportation of news-
papers in the mails of the United States is not in-
creased in proportion to thedistance,and in propor-
tion to the increase of charges under the old law.
I know, as the gentleman himself says, that the
present law was passed at the close of the session.
These amendments, in relation to the newspaper
postage, were put upon it in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, and the changes which I now propose
by the bill under consideration, restores the bill
merely to the shape in which it passed this House
originally, before it went to the Senate at the last
Congress. The bill was sent back to us from the
Senate at the close of the session, and we had not
time to act upon the amendments separately, and
reject them, and thus have a committee of confer-
ence. We were obliged to reject the whole bill,
or take it as it passed the Senate. The whole
country was clamorous for its passage; from one
end of the country to the other, the cry was for
cheap postage.
Why, sir, the very editors of the newspapers in
New York are not satisfied under the old law.
They have petitioned Congress to have it changed.
I am free, sir, to admit that the new bill may be
subject to objection. But it has been prepared
with much care, upon consultation, by the com-
mittee of the House and the committee of the Sen-
ate, with the Post Office Department. As it now
stands before the House, it has received the sanc-
tion, unanimously, of both committees of Con-
gress, and of the Post Office Department. Itmay
not be perfect, but the old law has been found, by
experiment, to fail? so far as newspaper postage
is concerned. This law must be an experiment, i
and if it shall be found to fail as signally as the <
old law has failed, let the next Congress try their !
hand upon it, and change it again. The country ;
demands a change, and I venture to say, that this j
law gives a change that will prove satisfactory. I 1
hope, therefore, that these amendments proposed
hy the committee, may be agreed to, and the bill
be speedily passed.
Mr. GrIDDlNG-S. I want to put an interroga-
tory to my colleague, [Mr. Olds.] He has given i
us the rate of postage upon weekly newspapers of [
one ounce weight, and under. I wish to inquire
of him the weight of our ordinary weekly news-!
papers in the country. Are they not over one j
ounce? !
Mr. OLDS.
ounce.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I will observe, that I have !
taken the pains to weigh the National Intelligencer !
and that weighs an ounce and a half, ' |j
They are nearly all under one
Mr. OLDS. Is it this morning's issue ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. His.
Mr. OLDS. You will find that the law requires
the paper to be weighed dry. This Globe which
I hold in my hand, as it came from the piess this
morning, will weigh one quarter of an ounce less
when dry than it does now.
Mr. G-IDD1NGS. What is the weight of that
paper when dry ?
Mr. OLDS. A bout one ounce.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 do not like this bill
very well. I have no doubt that the country de-
mands an alteration in the laws as to postage, but
I think this is the worst alteration that can be
made, and that it will be exceedingly unpopular.
I believe the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] is
mistaken in supposing,that the country papers do
not ordinarily weigh over an ounce. The country
papers are, any of them, as large, and weigh as
much as the National Intelligencer. What I say
with reference to my district is true as regards
nine tenths of the country papers of New Eng-
land. I have no doubt of that as a matter of
fact.
Mr. OLDS. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will make a simple statement. I will state that
the committees of the House and Senate met at
thePostOffice Department,and they wentthrough
the process of weighing the country papers, and
gentlemen can rest assured that nine tenths of the
country press will not weigh to exceed one ounce.
We tested the experiment fully and fairly at the
Post Office Department.
Mr. WASHBURN. I wish to inquire whether,
as the gentleman understands, there is not a pro-
vision that one ounce shall be the maximum of
size which will permit a reduction ?
Mr. OLDS. No reduction under the bill will
take place if the paper weighs over one ounce.
Mr. WASHBURN. That is as I understand
it. I move to strike out the word "one," and to
insert the word "two" in lieu thereof; so that
there shall be a reduction if the paper does not
weigh over two ounces.
The SPEAKER. These words bein^ inserted
by the amendment made on yesterday are not
amendable.
Mr. SKELTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman to move to insert " one and a half" instead
of " two," that the uniformity of the bill may be
preserved.
Mr. WASHBURN. Would an amendment
of that kind be in order?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order to
strike out any portion of the amendment inserted
on yesterday, and the section is not amendable
unless it be by an entire substitute for the whole
section. It is certainly notif the amendment pro-
poses to embrace any portion of the amendment
adopted on yesterday.
Mr. WASHBURN". I move to strike out the
following words from the bill:
All newspapers and periodicals- not weighing over on©
ounce, published rejrulaily as often as once in three months,
and sent from the office of publication to aciual subscrib-
ers, shall be chajgeable with only one half of the fore"0-
ing rates." B
The SPEAKER. That was stricken out on
yesterday.
Mr. WASHBURN. I then move to strike out
the balance, and to insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing;
AM newspapers published regularly from the office of
publication, to actual subscubei:;, not weighing ovfer two
ounces, shall be ehatgeable with only half the loregoing
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order. The
only way the gentleman can arrive at his object
will be to off°r a substitute for the section.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for the
gentleman to amend by striking out any portion
of the amendment inserted on yesterday.
Mr. WASHBURN. I then move to add after
the word " one," " and one half," so that it will
rea'l, " one and or.e half ounces."
The SPEAKER. That amendmentis in order
as it is an addition.
Mr. WASHBURN. I hope that amendment
will be adopted, because it will confer upon the
country papers the benefit of the reduction in
postage which is proposed, whereas the bill as it
now stands excludes them, or the most of them,
notwithstanding what the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Olds] has stated. I know, in relation to
the papers of my district, and of Maine generally,
