1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
to offer amendments in detail, and have put the
whole in a bill as a substitute.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] will
be first in order; and after that is disposed of, the
Senator can move to strike out that portion which
has been inserted, together with the rest of the bill.
At present it will not be in order.
Mr. BADGER. I am very sorry to perceive,
sir, that the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
has permitted himself to become excited respect-
ing the question now before the Senate. I am-
sorry for it, sir; in the first place, because it will
have an injurious effect on thehonorablWSenator's
argument. It prevents him from bringing out his
facts in that consecutive order which would have
given to them full weight and influence. And, in
the second place, because as a mere business mat-
tei*, I do not think that any excitement or irrita-
tion can very well enable us to form a just decis-
ion upon it.
When things relate to facts and figures, and de-
pend on evidence and proof, perhaps we should
get on quite as well by taking a calm and deliber-
ate survey, as by permitting ourselves to be hur-
ried, or the circulation of the blood to be agitated
and the mind tossed from its perpendicular state,
rendering it difficult to take other than an oblique,
and, therefore, not very satisfactory view of the
case.
I am afraid, sir, that there was something in the
mode in which the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia spoke the other day that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania did not consider quite courte-
ous; at least that there was something in the style
and manner of the remarks that has induced him
to indulge a little personal feeling on this question,
and has had the unhappy effect to induce him, in
the whole tenor of his remarks, to allow an un-
dertone, or current, of sarcasm, or reproachful
expression to affect his observations; for, though
it is calculated to affect the minds of hearers un-
favorably towards the subject, it does not really
tend to show that the subject ought to be unfavor-
ably regarded.
Now, sir, this being a business matter, I pro-
pose to treat it as a business matter, there being
nothing in the case which is not to be consid-
ered on the evidence and proof now before the Sen-
ate, or to be before the-Senate. I will not follow
the example of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania in permitting myself to be excited, or in
making the confident assertion of what is, or what
I may show to be; because, if I make these asser-
tions and do not support them by the proof, it
will place me in an awkward position, while the
assertions do not help forward the case; whereas,
if I can support them with proof, the preceding
confident assertion is not required.
Now, sir, if I can command the attention of the
Senate, I will endeavor to show—I do not say that
I will show; I will do as General Miller said he
would when directed to carry a particular battery,
" I will try, sir "—in the first place, that the
measure proposed by this bill is necessary and
proper; and, in the next place, a large portion of
.the Senator's remarks are entirely beside the ques-
tion before the Senate, because the honor and
faith of this Government have been pledged by a
contract which has been made to do the very thing
that this bill now proposes shall be done. In or-
der to show that, I beg to be allowed to see the
bill for a moment, in order that we may under-
stand what is the question under the consideration
of the Senate, so far as the objections of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania are concerned.
The amendment which I had the honor to sub-
mit, by the direction of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, proposes, if it shall be adopted in the bill,
to provide:
That as soon, afterasuitahlesite shall have been secured,
as it shall have been ascertained to the satisfaction of the
Secretaiv of the Nav> , that the ba^in and railway now be-
ing const! ueted at the navy-yard at Philadelphia or Kittery
are 111 full and successful operation, the Secretary of the
Navy be and he w hereby authorized and directed, to enter
into <t contract with the patentees foi the construction of a
basin and railway in the most approved form connected
with the said navy-yard, adopted substantially on the basis
of agreement made with them, under the act ot &eptember
30th,° 1850, and cited in the leport of the House of Repre-
sentatives dated January 20th, 1851.
Now, in the first place, I submit to the Senate
that nothing is proposed to be done here, which i
involves any hazard or risk to be assumed by the i
Government, until it is decided whether & basin I
and railway is an improvement which can be put
into successful operation. The whole of that part
of the bill is suspended, upon a previous condition
that that fact shall have been established either at
Philadelphia or at Kittery, and that at one or the
other of these places this basin and railway, in
connection with a dock, shall have been put in
successful operation. If that is not done, no ex-
pense is to be incurred. If the experiment proves
a failure, not a dollar is to be expended.
Then, Mr. President, I say, that supposing this
plan of a basin and railway to have succeeded, it
is necessary, and very highly necessary, that that
improvement shall be established upon the coast
of the Pacific. Why sir, what is this basin and
railway? I am assuming the work to have been
djone as the bill proposes it shall be done, that is,
put in full and successful operation. Why, it is
the absolute consummation and perfection of all
docking purposes, and systems. The great diffi-
culty, the great trouble in all operations, respect-
ing both the military and commercial marine, has
alwaysbeen fromtheimmense weightand massive-
ness of vessels, to have an opportunity, from time
to time, of being subjected to thorough examina-
tion, and complete repair The old system of the
stone dry-dock, is nothing m the world but the
excavating of a vast basin, walling it up, and then
floating in a ship, and bailing out the water, leav-
ing her sunk below in a damp place, with a very
imperfect light for operations upon her bottom,
with the continually recurring necessity, day after
day, of pumping operations, to keep that basm
clear of water—the wit of man never having in-
vented one, into which water will not find its way
—capable of leceiving but one vessel at a time,
and incurring, from the nature and character of the
improvement required, an immense expenditure
of money.
Now, what is the basin and railway? It is
this, that by taking the sectional floating dry-dock
and sinking her in deep water, the ship is passed
with ease upon that dock; by emptying the water
tanks, which exclude the air, and thus allowing
the air to return, she is raised, and she is moved
into the basin, having a firm and level bottom.
She is then brought, with the vessel upon her, to
the front of one of the railways. She is then sunk
until the bottom of the dock rests upon the bottom
of the basin, leaving her in exact apposition with
the railway; then that which before was floating
rests firmly and solidly on the bottom of the basin.
In this condition, by steam power, the vessel is
just moved off her, high and dry, upon the rails,
and there she stands, with ample light, perfectly
dry, and, if you please, under such a house as
they are in the habit of erecting to cover ships that
are building, or ships that are laid up. There,
with every facility in the world, the operations re-
quired are performed, and the vessel returns with
like facility to the element in which she is to float,
and either carry on commercial purposes, or pur-
poses of war, with this additional facility, when
one vessel is placed there, this dock can immedi-
ately bring another, and place that upon another
of the railways; and so six, seven, eight, ten, or
a dozen, as you have the necessary number of
railways, and as the necessities of your service
may require.
Now, that being the nature and character of the
improvement, assuming—as I am doing all along,
because the bill assumes it—that it should have
been ascertained to be put in full and successful
operation, 1 ask, whether it is not necessary that
such an improvement as that should be on the Pa-
cific ocean*? Why, the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, in the remarks which he made
when the subject was first up, seemed to consider
that there was no necessity for any such estab-
lishment as this on the Pacific; because, he said,
we had a half dozen of them on the Atlantic
coast. Well, does that furnish any reason why
we do not need one on the Pacific, to say that we
have half a dozen on the Atlantic? Why, it might
have been with much stronger force argued, that
there was no necessity for one at Kittery, at Phila-
delphia, at Norfolk, or at any other point on the
Atlantic coast, on the ground that we had one in
New York. Or would it be an objection to one
at New York, that we had one at Norfolk?
Again: in the remarks which the Senator first
made on this subject, he urged as an objection,
that if you had this dry-dock there, vessels must at
last be repaired upon the Atlantic coast; because,
he said, the materials could not be procured on the
Pacific; or that, because of other difficulties in Cal-
ifornia, repairs could not be made upon the spot.
That is an assumption for which I know of no evi-
dence. It is contradicted by those who have the
best means of knowledge; and, therefore, I think
that in that assertion the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania was decidedly mistaken.
It must be borne in mind that the only question
now before the Senate is, as to*the basin and rail-
ways. The dock has already been contracted for,
as I shall have occasion to show to the Senate
presently, for another purpose. Then there being
a dock contracted for, and a stone dock being- out
of the question—because I suppose nobody pro-
poses that we should have a stone dock in Califor-
nia—the only question that remains is, whether it
is necessary to have also the basin and railways,
or whether a pier will answer.
In the first place I remark, that, with the pier,
the dry-dock is useless fqr but one vessel at a
time; because the vessel, being raised by the sec-
tional dry-dork, has to undergo all the repairs
which she may require upon the dock itself, and
has to remain there until those repairs are com-
pleted, and she is discharged. Now, that is a pro-
cess that may take three, or six, or nine months;
or it may be longer. On the coast of the Pacific,
where we propose to have but one establishment
of the kind, you are asked to have that one estab-
lishment so arranged as that it can accommodate
the purposes of but one ship at a time!
One of the reasons why it was necessary to have
many of these dry-docks on the Atlantic coast, was
because of the propriety, and sometimes neces-
sity, of having facilities within convenient reach
for attending to and repairing-a number of ships
at a time. Then, if in California, if on the whole
coast of the Pacific, we are to have but one dry-
dock, is it not evident that we must have it con-
nected with such an improvement as will make it
available for more than one ship at a time?
But, again: with the dock, you must have
either a pier or a basin and railway. 1 have al-
ready stated, that connecting the dock with the
pier merely, is liable to objection; for it makes the
dock unavailable, except for one ship at a time.
Now, as to its cost. It was said by the honorable
Secretary of the Navy, in a letter communicated
to us at the last Congress, that a pier could prob-
ably be erected for $50,000. That is very true—.
<c probably," but not certainly, in California. In
New York it might be so, or in Norfolk; but it is
very doubtful whether a pier—even of wood-
could be constructed in California for $50,000.
We all know that the prices of materials in the
present condition of that country must be greatly
enhanced beyond the prices of such articles on the
Atlantic coast. Hut if the pier is erected of wood,
as has already been asked, how is it to be secured
and perpetuated ? The sea-worm in California
will consume it directly. In six months it will be
honey-combed and worthless. What, then, are
you to do? Pay §50,000 more to put in another
pier, and §90.000 or $30,000 to get the old pier out
of the way. Why, the Senator from Pennsylvania
says that the pier can be coppered. I was aston-
ished to hear this remark made by a gentleman of
his sagacity, living in the part of the country from
which he comes. Take the piles of which the
pier is composed and copper them, and then bring
to bear upon them the immense weight by blows
necessary to" drive them into the places in which
they are to stand as a fixture—what becomes of
your copper? It will be split, rent, torn. Though
at a little distance the piles might show as fair an
exposure of copper as some members of the pro-
fession to which I belong are said to show a fair
exposure of brass, it would answer no purpose;
for these worms respect not the appearance of the
thing. If there are fissures in the copper, they
have sagacity enough to find them, and pertinacity
enough to enter through them.
Again: let us suppose that you have got your
pier coppered and sunk. Does not the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania know that the copper-
ing of ships has to be renewed every five or six
years—that the copper is subject to corrosion by
contact with the salt water—that the bottoms of
the coppered vessels have to be examined from
time to time, and the deficiencies of copper sup-
i plied, so that, in the course of five or six years,
the process has to be wholly renewed? Now,
| will you tell me how you are to get down into
