1728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10.
bill, which shall preserve the symmetry of the ex-
isting bill.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I admire the gentle-
man's zeal in the cause he professes to advocate.
When you simmer down his argument it amounts
to this: that he has determined that this Govern-
ment shall become a common carrier for the city
press, to break down the country press. That is
the sum and substance of the gentleman's argu-
ment. It is well known to those who live in the
West that the country press has to pay for the
paper which they use twenty-five per cent, more
than the city press. If the gentleman can make
the Post Office Departmen t a common carrier, it
imposes much of the burden upon the country
press of becoming a carrier for the Eastern press.
But still the argument does not stop there. He
must have it. If the Post Office Department carry
one ounce for a certain price, it should carry two
ounces, or a ton, as it were, for the same price.
I do not see any justice or any common law in
that matter, and neither do I see any common
sense. It is a subterfuge to bailie the understand-
ing of this House, and accomplish a certain pur-
pose. When his aiguraent is understood, then
the House can determine; but the subterfuge is
what I am attempting to expose. When we come
to the second section of this bill, I wish to offer
an amendment to make the phraseology more
clear; but at present I shall add no more upon this
subject.
Mr. SKELTOiM*. I hope this amendment will
prevail, and for two reasons: The honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cable,] who has just
taken his s^at, has given perhaps the true reason
for limiting the circulation of these papers to one
ounce. That is, they wish to exclude the large
and more valuable papers of the large cities from
coming into competition with the small papers of
the rural districts.
Mr. CABLE. I do not wish the gentleman to
misrepresent me. My point was that I was op-
posed to this Government, or the Post Office De-
partment, becoming a common carrier to carry
papers from the East to the West free of charge.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 will answer the gentleman
upon that subject when I have disposed of the
first point. This appears to me to be tiie only
reason for the adoption of the one ounce weight.
The most valuable papers published in the United
States are all the publications of our largo cities.
Now, in advocating the free circulation of these
large and valuable papers, I am sensible that is
opposing perhaps the wishes of the publishers of
the small rural papers m our districts; but 1 be-
lieve the view which ihese men have taken of the
interests of the small rural papers to be ill found-
ed. f am sure that it is conceived in narrow pre-
judice, and should not be indulged in this House.
How, sir, can the country pi ess be in jured by
the circulation of the large and more valuable
papers of the large cities ? Can you prevent the
circulation of those large papers through the rural
districts by putting upon them a heavy postage?
What is the effect, of this high rate of postage
at the present time, upon the circulation of the
large papers of cities weighing over one ounce?
Notwithstanding that nine tenths of the papers
weigh less than one ounce, yet the other one tenth
of tnese papers published in the United States are
the most valuable papers, papers most worthy of
being read, and placed in the hands of every citi-
zen throughout the country. And it is for the
purpose, m the first place, of giving extensive
circulation to the intelligence of the large cities,
of the religious and more moral papers of our
country, that we ought to adopt the amendment
otfered by the honorable .gentleman from ]\Iame,
[Mr. Wasiuu-rn.} The gentleman on my left
|Mr, Cabj.i:, of Ohio,] asks, Shall we make the
United States mails the common carriers of the
country5 for what purpose were the mails estab-
lished but for the circulation of written and printed
intelligence through the country? And we have
this additional inducement to pass this amend-
ment: while it will contribute to the circulation
of intelligence, and promote morality throughout
our country, it will at the same time contribute
to increase the revenue derived to the Post Office
Department. What would be the effect of placing
these rates' of postage, high as they now are, on
the circulation of the larger papers? Why it is to
take them out of the United States mail. .1 know,
from my personal knowledge, that a large amount
of the papers published in the larger cities are
passed through private carriers, and not through
the United States mail—and why? Because the
rate of postage is so high that an individual can
engage in carrying these papers in packages, and
circulate them extensively through the country,
thus depriving the Post Office Department of the
revenue whicti it ought to receive. Now, sir, I
have two reasons for advocating this amendment.
First, for the more general diffusion of intelli-
gence and morals; and secondly, for increasing the
revenue of the mail service of the United States.
If these two objects are not sufficient to induce
honorable memb'ers of this House to vote for this
proposition, I know of no consideration that will
be of sufficient weight to induce gentlemen to vote
for the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLbSR. I have a few observations
to make upon this matter, "but as the gentleman
from New York proposes to offer a substitute for
the first section, I may as well postpone the re-
marks I have to make. It appears to me that the
committee overlook what has been the intention of
Congress for a long time, and that is to cheapen
the price of the conveyance of all valuable articles
by mail. We have reduced the postage upon
letters, and the result has been satisfactory to the
country, and is, I believe, likely to be profitable
to the nation. A letter, alter all, is nothing but a
luxury,;_or a convenience, at any rate. While
daily our people ask through the mails their daily
bread from the public papers, any attempt to aug-
ment the expenses of receiving those papers would
operate against the common sense of the commu-
nity. My friend here from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] complains that the effect of augmenting
the prices of conveying newspapers, would be to
injure the character and appearance of the press;
and he also complains, having been closely con-
nected with the press, that a reduction in the qual-
ity of the paper, with a view to reduce the price to
the subscribers, has been an injury to the public
sight. My friend has, according to Shakspeare,
got him spectacles like scurvy politicians, and
seems to see what is scarcely visible in the papers.
But the gentleman on my left, the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Olds,] says that we shall spoil
the symmetry of this bill by introducing something
like justice into it. The only remark I have to
make upon that is, to refer to tile anecdote of Paul
•Tone's father, who shut up little Paul in the right,
hand summer-house of the garden, because he had
in the left-hand summer-house a boy who had
been stealing plums, and the reason assigned to
the master ol'the garden was, that it destroyed the
symmetry of the garden to have a summer-house
with a boy in it on one side, and an empty summer-
house on the other. Now, sir, my fiiend is going
to do great injustice, in order to preserve the sym-
metry of the bill. 1 cannot comprehend, even ad-
mitting that nine tenths of the public papers weigh
less than one ounce, why the small number, only
the one tenth, must be called upon to pay higher
prices. It'evil results from conveying heavy papers,
the smaller the number of those papers, the less will
be the injury. Why, we shall, by-and-by, have
to construct a small door for small members to
^et into this Hall, and a larger one for you, Mr.
.Speaker, and my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Fowler,] " goodly corpulent men, pleasant with
all, and of a merry disposition," who shall come
in at the side door, in order to preserve the sym-
metry of this House.
True is it that the whole country has been ask-
ing for years past for a reduction "of the postage
upon mailable matter. The reason that it was
not effected upon newspapers was by an oversight,
I believe, in the action here, and haste in the legis-
lation of the country-—a haste, 1 believe, thaf is
not to be charged upon any of our legislation dur-
ing this year: but it may be chargeable upon that
winch we shall have to do.
The periodical press is concerned in this mat-
ter, and if I read aright that bill, it will destroy
the symmetry of every monthly and quarterly
periodical published in the country at the present
time. If I remember correctly, there is r.ot a
periodical that can pass through the mail at the
rate set up here, and the result will be, that they
will make their papers smaller. Not that they
will publish them more frequently—that cannot be
done—but they will find other means of conveying
their periodicals to their readers than by the pub-
lic mails; and instead of gaining, we shall l^eby
this symmetry of the bill. Every one knows that
it is now much cheaper to send periodicals from
the place of publication to the place of distribution
in large towns and cities, by the ordinary express
general conveyances, than it is by the mail, and
therefore we see books distributed in that way,
because the price of postage is so large; and thus
the very object had in view of encouraging the
public press, is entirely defeated by an attempt to
screw something more out of the readers of the
papers and periodicals. I do not wish to press this
any further; but I call the attention of the House
to the fact, that we are legislating here against the
public press—the character and appearance of the
press—while in England, the greatest place for
publicists in the world, the public newspapers
that weigh from one to three ounces—and I pre-
sume to say that the London Times, the double
sheet, does not weigh less than three ounces—go
over every part of the United Kingdom without
postage, because they are public papers.
Now, Mr. Chairman, we seem to be levying a
tax upon knowledge by augmenting the price of
our papers from the place of publication to the
places where they are most read, and I protest
against it, not merely on behalf of the publishers
of the papers, but in the name and behalf of the
people who are benefited by the distribution of
these papers. It is no argument against this that
a portion of the public press is not what it ought
to be. All I have to "say is, that if any part is
deficient in morality and respectability, it is the
more necessary that we should extend the circu-
lation of the better portion. I shall defer my
argument upon the principal provisions of the bill
until the gentleman from New York has offered
his substitute for it. In the mean time, I hope
this House will not be carried away by any of
the recommendations of the committee that merely
proposes svmmetry in the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. OLDS. I move to recommit the bill to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of tlje Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. DANIEL. I should be very glad to have
the bills upon the Speaker's table disposed of, if I
could; but the gentleman from Alabama having
submitted his motion, I will submit a motion
which will have priority over it; and that is, that
the House will resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole upon the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The question must first be
taken upon the motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina.
The question was then taken, and it was derided
in the negative—ayes 45, noes not counted.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Houston's
motion, and being put, was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the Home
resolved itself into the Committee of the Who!' jn
the state of the Union, (Mr. Stuart in the cliMr.)
DEFICIENCY BILL COLLINS LINE.
The CHAIRMAN stated as the first business
before the committee the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No. 207,
" to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending 30th of June,
1852," and that the amendment immediately un-
der consideration was the following, viz:
" For additional compensation for lnrieaMng the trans-
portation of the United States mail between New York and
Liverpool, m the Collins line of steamers, to twenty-six
trips per annum, at buoh times a* shall be directed bv the
Postmaster General,, and in conformity to his la^t annual
repoit to Congress, and his JettPr of the 15th of November
last to the Secretary of the Navy, commencing said in-
e^ed service on the 1st of January, 1852, at the rate of
§s33,OOJ per trip,in heu of the present allowance, the sum
of ,9236,500: Provided, Tiiat it shall be m the power of
Congress, at any time after the 31st day of December, 1854,
to terminate the anangoment for the additional allowance
herein piovided for, upon giving six months' notice."
The question immediately pending is the pro-
position of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Mason] to strike out " six," and insert
in the sixteenth line of the amendment, in refer-
ence to the Collins steamers.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ma-
son's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
