1730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
grind down contractors to the lowest limits, to
have the mails carried in the -cheapest possible
form, having them weighed to see whether two
horses could haul them, or whether it woind be
necessary to hitch on four horses. Let a contract-
or go to the Department with a bushel of memo-
rials asking for, the reestablish meni of some old
line which formerly existed, but has , been abol-
ished in consequence of the reduction of postage,
and he will be told that the mails must be weighed,
and if they are too heavy for two horses, then,
and then only, will he be paid for four. And then,
if he comes to the Department for indemnity upon
a losing contract, he will be' laughed at. Sir, I
know something about these things. I have had
some experience in these matters, because 1 had
the honor of being a mail contractor myself be-
fore X came down in the world to the position
which I now occupy. [Laughter.]
Well, sir, after reducing the postage, chiefly for
the benefit of New York and similar communities,
we are now called upon, after having made a con-
tract with certain trans-Atlantic mail contractors,
at their own prices—for, I believe, the contract
was not given, originally, to the lowest bidder—
we are now called upon to pay them a bonus out
of the Treasury. This is cheap postage with a
vengeance. A great deal is said about the ex-
cellence of these steamers. They are certainly the
deepest draught steamers I have yet heard of—
drawing thirty-three feet in the National Treasury.
[Laughter.] Sir, if it is the cheapest mode of sus-
taining a navy, to have our vessels hired out and
pay men for using them, let us keep up the Navy
on a system of that sort, applied tQ sail vessels as
well as steamers. If there is any advantage in it,
it ought to be general. After we have worked out
a correct system, I like to have everything con-
form to that system.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOLONY. Mr. Chairman, I will briefly
give the reasons, for my opposition to the amend-
ment now pending before this committee. It is
not a question simply involving dollars and cents;
if so there would not be, in my mind, insurmount-
able objections to it, although in that regard the
objection is not a light one.
As a means of transporting the mails of the
United States from New York to Liverpool, the
proposition is nakedly to give to the " Collins line"
$660,000 per annum from the National Treasury
more than Mr. Tibbetts proposes to carry them
for, with all of the guarantee that the Government
might demand for their transportation according
to contract; a difference in proposals, amounting in
1860, the termination of the Collins contract, to
not less than $5,000,000. An out and out bonus
to that comgany from the National Treasury, for
which the nation will receive no consideration what-
ever. ,
The consideration of dollars and cents, therefore,
presents to my mind objections to the passage of
this amendment, which, if not insurmountable, are
of great weight.
But there is an objection to which there has
been repeated allusions in the course of this de-
bate, which makes it impossible for me, as a
Democrat, to support it, having in view the princi-
ples of Jacksonian Democracy and the Constitution
of my country. It is the principle of protection
that is involved in this proposition—not protection
to a great American interest, embracing and bene-
fiting all connected with that interest, but protec-
tion of an individual enterprise, and that, too, to
the injury of the whole commercial; marine of the
country. Yes, sir, this amendment, if passed,
appropriates in the next eight years, $5,000,000
of the people's money, for which they receive no
equivalent, and the shipping interests of the coun-
try an injury from the unjust discrimination against
-them.
It has been, for a long while, a cardinal doctrine
of the Democratic^ party, that the great iron and
cotton interests, in" which are involved hundreds
of millions of capital, and upon the prosperity of
which hangs the fortunes of so many thousands,
and the bread and raiment of millions of Ameri-
can citizens, should not be supported by a tax
upon the whole nation; and to the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
which has just been voted down, andproperly, too,
because of the principle of protection contained in
it to the iron interests of Pennsylvania, the De-
mocracy presented an unbroken front of opposi-
tion, as they ever have done, to protection to a
class at the expense of the whole people.
. Yet, sir, some gentlemen, to whom the Democ-
racy of the country have long looked as cham-
pions of their cause, turn right round, leave the
rank and file upon the Democratic side of the
House, and are found standing shoulder to shoul-
der with the Whigs, in support of this very prin-
ciple of protection, as embraced' in-the Senate
amendment now before us,;—only differing from
the principle Q'f a prot'efctive tariff in its application,
being in this amendment applied in the most ob-
jectionable form ever presented to an American
Congress—the protection, nakedly and solely, of
an individual enterprise, at the expense of our
National Treasury. Protection to any portion of
our people at the expense of the whole nation, is
a Whig, not a Democratic principle. But if I could
be induced to sustain the principle as applied in
any form, I would most certainly sustain the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania in
preference to the senate amendment now pending.
The former would be voting a given amount from
the people's Treasury into the pockets of the iron
interests of Pennsylvania, embracing thousands
of our citizens, while the proposition before us
proposes to give the same to an individual,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. If we continue
to make five minute speeches upon the general
principles and features of this bill, we will never
get a vote upon it. And I feel it my duty to give
notice to the House, that I will endeavor to enforce
the rules ol the House, so as to confine gentlemen
in their remarks to the subject of their amend-
ments.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Ewing, and it was not agreed
to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. Is a motion to
strike out and insert in order?
The CHAIRMAN. If it applies to the entire
clause it is not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I move to strikeout
"Liverpool" and insert the word "Trieste."
The recital in this bill, and the objects stated in it,
for which this appropriation is asked, differ from
the arguments proposed for the consideration of
this House. Why should we make this appro-
priation > What are its objects, and what its pur-
pose? It is to transmit the mail, as provided for
in the bill. And what are the arguments to support
it ? One is, as I understand, that we have entered
into a contest, as a nation, with Great Britain,
and we must come out of that contest victors.
Another is, we must add to our greatness as a
nation; that we must build up a navy that will
protect the nation, and be the admiration of all the
world; that England has a splendid navy, and
that we, too, must make preparations for having
one of a like or similar character.
Mr. MOORE, (interrupting.) My friend from
Georgia [Mr. Johnson] will understand that it is
not out of any discourtesy to him that I interrupt
him, but that I feel bound to enforce the position I
assumed a few moments ago. I ask the Chair if
the gentleman's remarks are in order ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to make these re-
marks apply to the amendment I proposed. If
this sum will authorize them to go to Liverpool, it
will authorize them to go to Trieste.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not as
yet see the gentleman's application. [Laughter.]
Mr. MOORE. I did not understand the Chair's
decision.
X he'CHAIRMAN. The Chair states that the
gentleman intends to show, that his remarks are
■■applicable to prove that if the sum proposed to be
given by this amendment will carry one of these
vessels to Liverpool, it will carry it to Trieste.
The Chair does not yet see the application.
Mr. JOHNSON. On£ argument used by these
gentlemen is, that we must prepare for war, and
that these vessels can be converted into vessels
fitted for service in times of war. Well, the tes-
timony is, Mr. Chairman, that they are unfit for
war purposes, except for vessels for transport,
and if that is our purpose, march up boldly and
directly, and say that our purpose is not to trans-
port a mail, but to build up a navy for the pur-
poses of war. If it be for the purpose of trans-
porting the mail, let us transport it across the
waters as we transport it across-the land.
Mr- CARTTER. On horseback?
Mr. JOHNSON. Let out the contract to the
lowest bidder.
If, sir, the objectis to enable a competition to be
sustained between the United States and Great
Britain, in the transportation of merchandise and
passengers,-let'us, as has been remarked by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.,]
enable all our vessels to compete with Great Brit-
ain in that respect.
Has this Government the power to grant a bo-
nus of this character? Under what clause of the
Constitution is it to give it? We have power to
transmit the mails, but in transmitting the mails
it is necessary to have regard to the principles of
justice and equity.
Mr7 GOODENOW. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have said all I Sesire to
say, and I will take my seat. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. John-
son,] and I hope, if I am not strictly in order, the
rules of the House will be enforced. - I want to
try an experiment to see if there is any way of
bringing this debate to a close.
The proposition now before the House is to
transfer the terminus of the line from Liverpool to
Trieste; and if I am in order, it will be my duty
only to show why the transfer should not take
place.
The CHAIRMAN assented.
Mr. BROOKS. Then, sir, as these steamers,
in order to reach Trieste, would have to pass by
the Straits of Gibraltar, I propose to descant for
a while upon the Pillars of Hercules, then to give
loose to my fancy on the classic shores of the Med-
iterranean, and to evoke here, for the consideration
of the committee, the departed spirits and living re-
membrances of Italy and of Greece. It will not
be difficult for me to show, I am sure, that'a much
more beautiful prospect will be presented to the
traveler in these steamers, thus coursing in these
seas by such coasts, and amid the islands that
gem these seas, than if he were to go to the cold
and rocky shores of England.
Mr. FOWLER, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order, [Laughter.] The gentleman's
remarks are out of order.
Mr. BROOKS. Then it will be my duty to sit
down, if the point of order is decided against me.
Mi-. FOWLER. I insist that the Chair shall
decide the question of order. He is not opposing
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. So far as the gentleman
from New York proceeded, the Chair could not
tell whether he was in favor of the amendment,
or not. He was giving a beautiful illustration of
what the trip would be, provided the amendment
prevailed. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. I am glad that I have been
able to proceed thus far in my speech without a
successful arrest by the astute gentleman who sits
before me upon this point of order.
In arguing this question, and I hope I shall not
be interrupted again, as I have only five minutes
allowed me, it is my purpose to show that who-
ever embarks in these steamers for Trieste, must
pass by the Pillars of Hercules,, and have on either
side the classic shores of the Mediterranean, all
rich in historical renown. There is Sicily, with '
Mtn& upon it, whose base is surrounded with vil-
lages and clothed with vineyards, and there is the
beautiful bay of Naples, and the far-famed Vesu-
vius, with Pompeii and Herculaneum disentombed
from lava at its foot. It would not be difficult to
show, sir, that the tourist would be more tempted
to take, and would be more enlightened in taking,
this trip than in coasting the English channel
amid the rocks and fogs of England. It would
not be difficult to make him linger as he ascended
the Adriatic, either at the base of the hills, near
which is the little Republic of San Marino, or
where is the sea-born Venice; but if 1 attempted
all this it might not be strictly in order, as it vould
rather show tc Liverpool" should be struck out
and " Trieste" put in, to which I am 
Mr. GOODENOW. The gentleman's remarks
are not in order. The gentleman from Georgia
moves to strike out the word Liverpool and insert
Trieste. It seems to me that the argument of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Bjrooks] was to
show that it would be much more pleasant and
beautiful to go to Trieste, and therefore is in favor
of the proposition, when it should be against it,
