1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
to the selection. Nobody objects to tlje selectiont
The subsequent board has been sent with a view
to ascertain whether or not there is enough water
for tiie working of the dock. The dock has al-
ready been ordered. It is not under consideration
at all. The board are going to makean examina-
tion, in order that there may be no such mistake
as was made at Philadelphia, to locate it, not ac-
cording to the recommendation of the former
board, but to ascertain whether there are any bet-
ter locations—that is, equally good—witn a suffi-
cient amount of water.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for the reading of
my substitute.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the reading of
the substitute be dispensed with, and that it be or-
dered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 25, 1852.
The House metat twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Alabama to withdraw that motion for a
moment, in order to enable me to submit another
motion. Quite a number of Senate bills have
accumulated upon the Speaker's table, and if there
be no objection, I move to take up those bills upon
which no debate shall arise, for the purpose of
having them appropriately referred.
Mr. HOUSTON. I tried myself the other day
to have those bills taken up and referred; but it
was objected to by a gentleman upon the other
'side of the House. 1 understand there are some
among them which it is proposed to debate.
Mr. .TONES. But I propose to rake up for re-
ference only those bills to which there shall be no
objection.
Mr. STANLY. Suppose there should be no
objection to any of these Senate bills, I ask how
long a time would they be likely to consume?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
to limit the tune?
Mr. JONES. I propose to take up only those
bills to which there shall be no objection.
Mr. STANLY. ■ But how long will it take to
get through with them '
Mr. .TONES. Not more than thirty minutes.
Mr. STANLY. 1 have no objection to the
proposition if you will limit the time to half an
hour. What I want is, that the deficiency bill
shall not be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. JONES. Then I will limit the time to
that.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will bills upon their en-
grossment, and bills upon which the previous
question has been ordered, be disposed of in this
way ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
to be the proposition.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why it will take half an
hour to call the yeas and nays once, should they
be asked for on either of those bills.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now insist upon my mo-
tion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is House bill No. 307, to supply defi-
ciencies in appropriations for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1852; the following clause of the bill
being under consideiation:
" For payment to the American party of St. Kegis In-
dians, (less the sum of one thousand dollais, approbated
by the actof twenty seventh of June, oi^ntecn hundt^dand
forty- sk, in pursuance of the stipulation contained in the
supplemental article.) as a remuneration tor moneys laid
out !>v said tribe, and tor services rendered b\ ll'eir clnels
and asonn, m sueiirin* the title to the Green Bay lands,
and in removal to the sune, asieeahly to the piovisions of
the ninth aitiele ofthe treaty with the Six Nations ot T\ew
Yoik, of 15th January, J838, $4,0i!0."
To this, the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
JoiixsonJ proposed the following amendment:
For payment to the Seneca Indians, of New York, for
moneys wroiv^iully withholden from tliein by an asent ap- !
pointed by the Government lur it,e management of their
affans, as per lepoit of Tb'imas U. Stoddard, commi-.-
sioner, selected by the Secretary of War to make the re- {
quisle inve>ti^atioii, pursuant to the direction contained
in the fourth section oi the act of 27 th June, 184G, making
appropriations for the Indian department, S95,o05 5'l
The gentleman from South Carolina, |Mr.
Woodward,] offered the following amendment to
the amendment.-
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
required, upon payment of the money herein specified, to
take such further stepa, if any may be necessary, as shall
enable the United States to recover tne amount due irom
said agent.
The question pending, was upon the amendment
to the amendment.
The question was put, and the amendment to
the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. John-
son's amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. I think the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] accidentally fell into an
error in reference to the amount his amendment
proposes. He proposes to insert §25,505 50.
Now, the estimate for the deficiency which has
been sent in, is §28,505 50. 1 move to amend
the amendment, therefore, by increasing it to that
sum.
Mr. JOHNSON. In copying that amendment
I made the mistake. The estimateis for $23,505 50.
I have put it in the amendment as 5j25,505 50.
The gentleman is correct in his statement, and I
would have called the attention of the committee
to the mistake if he had not done so.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 move the amendment for the
purpose of setting the matter right, and, at the
same tune, to enable me to make a suggestion or
two in relation to the propriety of including this
appropriation in the bill under consideration.
Mr. Chairman, this, asl understand it, is ajust,
equitable, fair, and legal claim upon the part of
the Seneca Indians residing in the western part of
the State of New York, against this Government.
It is, objected to, however, on the part of the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps], upon the
ground that these moneys which went into the hands
of the Indian agent, as he calls Mr. Stryker, were
not moneys emanating from this Government, and
were moneys which the Indians were entitled to
from other sources. Now, it is true, as the gen-
tleman states, that these moneys did not emanate
from this Government; but it is also true, as ap-
pears from the report of a committee in the Sen-
ate. a copy of which is printed with these esti-
mates, that in 1794, the Superintendent of Indian
Affairs, who was appointed by tne General Gov-
ernment, did, under the instructions of the General
Government, take charge of moneys due the
Indians, as this was, and arising, by the way of
interest, upon certain stocks of the United States
held by a certain corporation in the State of New
York, and a so of annuities due the Indians from
the State of New York. Well, sir, in 1845-'6,
while the Senate had been lately engaged m acting
upon a treaty which was made with these Senecas
in reference to the sale of some of theirreservations
in western New York, the Senate discovered that
there had been large frauds committed upon the
Indians by this agent; and acting upon that infor-
mation, which They received through the Quakers,
who had taken a deep interest in the affairs of the
Senecas, the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs ill the Senate [Mr. Sevier, of Arkansas]
proposed to make the Seneca nation good for the
injuries and losses they had sustained in conse-
quence of those frauds, and of the misappropria-
tion by Mr. Stryker of the funds, or lather of
subverting them to his own use. That committee
presented"* bill, which, amongst other things, was
intended to accomplish that purpose, the fourth sec-
tion of which bill makes an appropriation of the
sum which, by this amendment, is now proposed
to be appropriated. The bill passed the Senate,
and came to this House, but the House would not
accept the proposition. It doubted whether any
fraud had been committed, orany money had been
withheld by the agent. They having struck out
the section,' the bill went again to the Senate,^arid
a committee of conference was appointed. I hev
canie to an understanding, which was reported
back to both Houses and adopted. Now, I ask
this committee for amoment to look at the condi-
tion in which this matter then stood. The Senate
were satisfied that the money ought to be paid,
and these Indians be protected by this Govern-
ment. The question made between the Senate
and this House was not whether the Government
was responsible for the action of the" Agent; that
was conceded by both Houses; but whether the
agent had actually received these moneys and
withheld them from the Indians. That was the
question, as you will see by this report. The
fourth section of the act of 1846 provides that—
'■The Secretary of War be, and he is hereby required to
a«ceitam what annuities or moneys have been wrongfully
vjlhholden from the said Senecas, by the latf? sub agent of
the Uintfd'Slates. and so lost to them ; and to that end the
said tfceretdxy is authorized, if. in in« judgment,-it stoaiJ be
necessary or expedient to do to, to ist-uc a commission or
commissions to t-ome discreet person or persona, to be se-
lected i)y him to take testimony m the premises, and to re-
pot t the -iurne to Const e?-*; and to deli ay auv expenses that
mav he incurred in the execution of the provisions of this
section, a sum not exceeding tfoUO is hereby appropiiated."
Under tins provision, the Secretary of War ap-
pointed an agent, who, after having investigated
the matter, reported to the Secretary of War, in
substance, that there was, unquestionably, at least
$28,505 50 which the agent had received, belong-
ing to these Indians, and which was wrongfully
withheld from them. Now, why did this House
then ask for this investigation and report? The
Senate were satisfied that the agent had received
the moneys and wrongfully withholds them,and
had provided for their paymentto the Indians;the
House said, we admit that if the agent has the
moneys and wrongfully withholds them, we ought
to pay—but we are Tiot satisfied that the agent has
wrongfully withheld the money, and, therefore,
we ask the investigation provided for in the fourth
section. This course was taken, so that, in case
it should turn out that the charges against this
sub-agent were true, this House might make the
appropriation, and thus preserve the honor of this
Government by dealing fairly and honestly with
these Indians. Now, the commissioner reported
to the Secretary of War, as 1 have stated, and it
was so reported to the Senate, by the Secretary of
War. It was referred by the Senate to their Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, which committee made a
report, adopting the main conclusions of the com-
missioner, and to which report they annexed the
estimates and conclusions of the commissioner,
which they considered just and proper, and the
amount they so found due the Indians and wrong-
fully withheld from them, was this sum of
$28,505 50. Their report was based upon that of
the commissioner. I have this report with that
of the commissioner and the Secretary of War
by me now. Then, in addition to all this evidence,
you have the Secretary of the Interior coming
here, and saying I ask you to keep the honor and
good faith of this Government with these Indians.
I ask you to appropriate this money, which is due
them, but of which they are still deprived by frauds
committed upon them m the years 1837,1833, and
1839, by the agent of this Government. But the
next thing you hear about it is, that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, probably not haying ex-
amined it carefully, come here and strike it out of
the deficiency bill. It is not in the line of their duty
to know in reference to this matter. This comes
particularly within the sphere of another of the
comnlittees constituted by this House—that on In-
dian Affairs-.and tne appropriate duty of the Ways
and Means is, then, to provide the means of
discharging theobli^stion and saving thehonorof
the Government. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs have examined it, and they come here and
tell you, by their chairman, the appropriation
should be made, that the claim is equitable and
just.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise more for
the purpose of obtaining information in regard to
tiie proposed amendment, than tor any other pur-
nose. I would like to know ofthe gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Haven',] or any other gentle-
man who is conversant with the facts in the case,
whether this agent was an officer appointed by the
Government of the United States, and received the
money as such, or whether lie did not receive it
as an agent appointed by the Indians themselves
for that purpose !
Mr. HAVEN. 1 can state the facts as 1 under-
stand them upon that subject, and as they appear
in the report which was made by thecominissioner
to the Secretary of War. A treaty wasj made by
this Government with these Indians m 1794. By
the sixth article ofthat treaty of 1794, an annuity of
