1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1733
Mr. HOUSTON". Did not the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. ALLisoNl-make a speech. *
The CHAIRMAN. He did not; he merely
submitted a motion that the committee rise.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There has been a great
deal said upon this subject, and gentlemen seem
to be getting very tired of it. I apprehend there
is time enough to get this money; it is not ex-
pected that it will go out by the next mail how-
ever. I have been somewhat amused at the dif-
ferent reasons which different gentleman have
assigned for their support of this.amendment.
Mr. GOODENOW. I submit to the Chair that
the gentleman is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
remarks which the gentleman has made so far are
not in order.
Mr. GOODENOW. Then I hope the Chair
will enforce the rule.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It would be difficult to tell
what would be in order here, to suit thegentlemen
on the other side of the House.
Mr. GOODENOW. " The gentlemen on the
other side of the House" are willing to take the
vote. That is what would suit them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I can tell the gentlemen on
the other side that I am opposed to this grant of
money. Is that in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is not
in order in opposition to this amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask to have the amend-
ment read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
amendment. It is to strike out §33,000 and insert ,
§19,100. The argument which the Chair decided
would be in order in support of this amendment' [
was to show that the Senate amendment ought
not to prevail; that there ought not to be any ap-
propriation ; but if any, a less one than the amount
proposed by the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, sir, I am opposed
to the amendment. I am opposed to giving the
Collins line $100 in addition to the §19,000. I
apprehend that I have a right to give my reasons
for that opposition, if 1 desire to do it.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 raise a qu&tion of order on
that point. The proposition is to strike out
§33,000, and insert $19,100; the gentleman must
argue against striking out $33,000 and inserting
§19,100.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided,
again and again, that the only argument in order
is an argument in favor of the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. What does the Chair de-
cide ? •
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the only argument which can be made in opposi-
tion to this amendment, is one to show that the
Senate amendment ought to be adopted, and that
this amendment to it ought not to be agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, sir, I cannot make
a speech upon that side of the question. [Laugh-
ter.]
The question was then taken on Mr. McMcl-
lin's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out §33,000,
and inserting $19,150. Now, I hope gentlemen
will not interrupt me. I have not troubled them
in their speeches upon this subject.
In listening to this discussion for two or three
days—and I have been highly gratified, too—I
have been rather amused at the different reasons
which different gentlemen have assigned why they
support this amendment of the Senate. Some
gentlemen do it under one provision of'the Con-
stitution, and some gentlemen do it under another
provision of the Constitution. I am astonished
that they have not come out openly and inde-
pendently, and taken the true ground—and that
ground, in my judgment, is simply this, that the
Collins company want this amount of money.
But tile most miserable pietense of all which I
have heard set up as a reason why this donation
should be made is, that our power and glory as a
nation hang upon the result. This has been re-
peated, echoed and reechoed, ad nauseam. Its
supporters have mad e it a test of patriotism, and all
those who are unwilling to admit that E. K. Col-
lins & Co. are the nation, are set down as enemies
of the country, and as pandering to British inter-
ests and to British power. Why, sir, this has
been the old war-cry of the protection party for
the last thirty years, and has long since lost all its
terror with the American freemen, if it ever had
any.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chand-
ler] went into a long argument for the purpose of
showing that it would reduce the price of freight
from England to this country. Now, I under-
stand that gentleman to be the head and front of
the increase of duties on iron in which his State
seems more interested than it is in any other
question. If, then, this appropriation of money
will reduce the price of freight of that article-to
this country, and bring it here cheaper, I would
ask him if he expects to benefit the interest of
which he is the peculiar representative in this
House by advocating a policy that will decrease
the price of the staple of his own State? But, sir,
it is a strange thing to me that here are a few indi-
viduals who can come into this House and ask
for a protection of this character when the voice
of ten millions of people in the valley of the Mis-
sissippi, proclaiming the nationality of the great
Father of Waters, and asking for a comparatively
small appropriation to remove the difficulties which
the interior commerce of that vast region of coun-
try are compelled to encounter, and they are not
heard, and if heard, are not listened to, but are
met at the threshold by the objection that theie is
no power in the Constitution to authorize an ap-
propriation for any such purpose. The great
Father of Waters is not national, but E. K. Col-
lins &, Co. are very national.
I tell you, sir, that if this amendment is per-
mitted to prevail, the old protection party of this
country will have achieved a victory, the influence
of which will not end with the Collms line of
steamers, but will be the entering wedge to a still
greater and more stupendous scheme of protec-
tion and monopoly, which then we can resist not.
I for one, sir, §ay, if we must have a protective
policy, let- it be one that will be diffusive in its
operation, reaching whole classes, instead of this
local, individual protection, the most odious and
objectionable shape in which it was ever presented
before. We are told that we must emulate the
example of Great Britain in this particular, and
thus justify a departure from the settled and fixed
policy of the Government. Sir, I have always
been taught that the extravagance and consequent
public debt of Great Britain a/ftrded us an example
not to be followed, but to be shunnSd, and from
which we have derived the most salutary lessons
of economy.
I am accustomed to this cry about " British in-
terest." The Democratic tariff of 1S46 was, ac-
cording to the American ideas of these same gen-
tlemen^ "British tariff." Butl can assure them
it has no terrors for me; and if opposition to this
proposed gift to be taken out of the public Treas-
ury—if opposition to this special protection will,
in the estimation of its friends, array me against
the bestinterestsof my country, then, sir, my vote
shall be recorded on the British side of the ques-
tion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Campbell, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. OLDS. I move to amend by striking out
all down to the word " provided,'' and insert—
That the Postmaster Geneiat, with the assent of E. K.
Collins & Co., advertise m the usual manner and at the
usual tune lor the transportation of the mail between New
York and Livoipool, in semi-monthly trips, and that he
award the contract to the lowest responsible bidder, said
bidder to be an American citizen.
I desire, sir, that when gentlemen vote for this
amendment for the Collins line, that they do not
vote for it supposing it to be necessary for the
mail service of the United States.
I am opposed to this special contract system—
this making a contract for transporting the mails
for a pel-Old of ten years at a certain sum. Why,
sir, what has been the effect of that system > You
made a contract, for transporting the mail from
New York to Sail Francisco for a period of ten
years.
Mr. McCORKLE. To Oregon.
Mr. OLDS. Yes, to Oregon, and now, sir,
although only two years .of that time has expired,
we have before the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, offers for transporting that mail
at a saving of half a million of dollars annually to
this Government. That, sir, shows the folly of |
making a contract of this kind. And now, sir,
while they are asking for this appropriation for
the mail service, as they say, we have responsi-
ble bidders before that committee—and a Ml to
carry it into effect was reported by my colleague
on the committee [Mr. Grey] the other day—-for
transporting themail from Jersey City to Gal way,
Ireland, at the sum of $10,009 the round trip. If
there are offers to carry this mail for $10,000 the
round trip, why is it necessary for the mail ser-
vice of the country to give E. K. Collins & Co.
$33,000 for the same service ?
If gentlemen wish to give this as a bonus to E.
K. Collins & Co. for beating the .British, let
them say so, and not do it under the pretense that
it is necessary for the mail service of the country,
for it is not.
j I say you have responsible bids for carrying
j this mail for $10,000 the round trip, and they do
! not even ask that.
j Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, (interrupting.)
i I wish to ask one question right here. Whether
j they are war steamers or not?
I Mr. OLDS. That is the very question. lam
arguing that this appropriation is not necessary for
the mail service of the country. I do not care
what other matters are put upon it. If it is for a
protection to E.-K. Collins & Co., call it- protec-
tion. Call things by their right names, and vote
for things by their right names, and not vote for
appropriations for post office services, to the amount
of $33,000 a trip, when you have responsible bids
to do that service for $10,000 a trip. And I say
they do not ask even that. They only ask, that
the Postmaster General may advertise for pro-
posals, and make the contract at a sum not exceed-
ing $10,000, and letting competition go below that
sum.
Now, sir, gentlemen here say it is necessary for
the mail service of the country to let them give
E. K. Collins & Co., $33,000 per trip. I deny it.
The mail service requires no sueh appropriation.
And gentlemen may as well understand, at once,
that they are voting nearly a million of dollars to
protect E. Ii. Collins & Co. against the competi-
tion of American citizens, for the carrying trade
between this country and Europe.
Mr. WASHBURN. And I take issue with the
gentleman, and maintain that it is for the mail ser-
vice of the country that this amount is required,
and that it is indispensable, if we are to keep up
this international mail service, that it should be
granted. If we are to have the mails carried be-
tween this country and England, by our own lines
as the gentleman s proposition implies, we must
make such provision as will secure the establish-
ment of a line or lines that will carry them. And
how can you accomplish that ? • How can you
obtain the carrying of any just portion of the mails
between New York and Liverpool? Simply by
having a line established that will carry the mails
quicker and more regularly than any other line
can, or does, or at least as quick and regularly as
any other. If we establish a mail line we want«
good line, the best, the quickest, and the most
regular, and certain, that can be placed upon the
route, and we must have it; and in order to accom-
plish it, this contract with Collins & Co. is, I think,
necessary. You must pay -this amount, or an
amount equivalent, to them or to somebody else,
and, inasmuch as it is to be paid to somebody,
why not as well to E. K. Collins as to any other
company ?
I am satisfied that the mail cannot be carried for
the present rate of compensation. The value of
the stock of that line in the market, settles this
conclusively and incontestably to my mind. So
to have the mails carried, it requires a greater com-
pensation than we are now paying. Shall we in-
crease it, in order to have the mail service con-
tinued? That a line of this description should be
successful, we must have speed, and in order to
obtain the speed necessary, there must be size.
Size is a great element in this question of speed.
We must have large ships, and the machinery of
those ships must be of the best and most improved
character. Size and expense are the conditions of
speed and success in an enterprise of this character.
Ths whole establishment must be a costly one, if
it is to be successful. It is not the expense of
fitting' up its saloons, the cost of carpets, mirrors,
sofas, and the like, that constitute any great por-
tion of the cost of one of these steamers. This
kind of expenditure is an infinitely small portion
