1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1735
" Question 2d. * And if not suitable for such immediate j
conversion, whether they could be altered so as to make I
them efficient war steamers?' . >
"Answer. The following named Atlantic steamers may j
be converted, by slight alterations, into war steamers of the <
first class : Of Collins line—The Atlantic, Pacific, Arctic,
•and Baltic. Of Law's? line—the Ohio, Georgia, and Illi-
nois. Of Mortimer Livingston's line—the Humboldt and
Franklin.
" Pacific steamers. Of AspinwaH's line—first class—the
Golden Gate; second class, the Panama, Oregon, Califor-
nia, and Columbia.
''The foregoing vessels of the respective contracts are
variously constructed as to materials, fastening, strength,
and model.
" According to my calculation, the cost of conversion of
either of the beforementioned vessels, exclusive of arma-
ments, repair of machinery, arid ordinary repair, would  
not, or certainly ought not, excecd for steamers of the first
class, .$*20,000, and for steamers of the second class,
$15,000; and it would be readily done for this at any of
our navy-yards—provided, that useless alterations were not
made."
What necessityor propriety is there for gentle-
men rising -in an American House of Representa-
tives, and informing members of this House, and
the people of this country, that four Atlantic steam-
ers, costing more than any other in the world,
constructed under the supervision of your own
officers of the Navy, at a cost of §700,000 or
§800,000 each, and built in such a way as to make
them available for war purposes, are not suitable
for war steamers, in the opinion of British officers,
when we flkve here the proof, from one of the
most distinguished officers in the Navy of the
United States to the contrary? Gentlemen say
that no application has been made for this increase
of compensation to the Collins line from any large
number of American citizens. I am'informed—
and if I am not correctly advised the chairman of
the Naval Committee'will correct me—that there
are thirty-two petitions, numerously signed, by the
principal business men in the large cities of the
United States, praying Congressto aid in upholding
and continuing this Collins line as a national en-
terprise, greatly conducive to the public interests,
and of immense benefit to the country, in the
transportation of your mails, and in strengthening
your naval marine in time of war, if we should
unfortunately be engaged in war hereafter. The
establishment of this line has already effected great
benefit to the country. I will state, in answer to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Campbell,]
who says that we, who support this increased ap-
propriation to keep up this line for the transport-
ation of the mail between the United States and
England, withhold appropriations necessary for
the improvement of Western harbors and rivers,
' that he is greatly mistaken. I have always been
the advocate of liberal appropriations for these ob-
jects. During the last Congress, I made a speech
in favor of the passage of abill to improve the con-
dition of Western rivers and harbors, and the ,
Whigs of Congress generally voted in favor of |
liberal appropriations for the improvement of;
Western rivers and harbors. But it was killed in
the Senate by Democratic members, after having
passed this House. I have many reasons for up-
holding this Collins line. It is no longer a private
enterprise wholly—the Government having a very
large interest in it, and no w holding hens on all the
vessels for moneys advanced; and the Government
and people are deeply interested in keeping up
this American line of ocean steam navigation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question then being upon Mr. Orr s amend-
mMr.'JOHNSON, of Tennessee, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton,
of Tennessee, and Hendricks were appointed.
The question being put, the tellers reported—
ayes 50, noes 73.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved that
the committee rise.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers; which were ordered;
and Messrs. Briggs and Venable appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 67, noes 74.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. VENABLE. I propose to amend the
amendment by moving as a substitute the substi-
tute offered by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Our,] with the addition of $50,000.
Mr STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. My point of order is, that this
particular clause has been voted upon, and every
amendment which has been offered to it, until the
substitute was offered. The substitute has been
voted down, and now, according to the rule re-
peated again and again, it is too late, and it is not
in order to offer an amendment to the original
Mr. TENABLE. This is a different proposi-
tion. '
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Tennessee is this: that a motion to strike
out and insert having been lost, another motion to
strike out and insert different matter is not in
order.
Mr. STANTON. My point of order is, that
it is not in order to amend the original proposi-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Venable] is to
strike out the original proposition, and insert
other matter, the Chair thinks the gentleman will
be in order.
Mr. VENABLE. Mr. Chairman, I have taken
no part in the debate upon this question since the
five-minutes rule has been adopted. I am reluct-
ant to consume the time of the House now, and
feel so unwell as to be particularly disinclined to
engage in the discussion. But a desire to place
myself right upon the Journal of this House, and
an abiding confidence that the country will be in-
formed concerning its action, constrains me to offer
the substitute now submitted. Should this ap-
propriation pass as reported in this deficiency bill,
I feel peculiarly anxious that those interested in
my character as a statesman and a Representative,
may find the evidence that I am clear of the whole
responsibility. The advocates of this measure
have uniformly defended it upon the certainty of
the return of the advances made by the Govern-
ment through the postages accruing from the line.
This was the assurance upon the first suggestion
of the measure, and has been urged as a reason
for every advantage which has been conceded
them on their repeated applications. Indeed, it is
the only resource of reimbursement which has
ever been suggested. It is true that much has
been said of those ships as war steameis, much
more of the glory which is to be secured for our
country. Of the fitness of those vessels for our
naval defense, I will not now speak. The ad-
vances already made are amply sufficient to entitle
the Government to any aid which they may be
able to give, especially when it is known that we
shall have to pay for them before they are used;
and as to the glorv, I know of no system of cal-
culation which will enable me to come to an exact
conclusion as to its actual value.
But of the money concerning which such prom-
ises have been made—the postages which are to
be poured into the Treasury—1 had assumed that
the estimates were real and candidly made. But,
sir, the vote upon the substitute of the gentleman
from South Carolina [Ml. Orr] has disclosed the
most naked state of facts that I have ever known
to be exhibited. It fixes the conclusion that those
who have furnished the-estimates of the income
front postages had no faith in the statements which
they made. I now add $50,000 to the whole
amount of postages, and tender this to answer the
demands of this company of stockholders. I have
known a tailor who made large advertisement of
his skill in making garments, refuse his own handi-
work in part pay for the bill for making them. I
have often known men indisposed to take their
own paper in payment of their debts. But here
is a case in which there is a positive refusal to take
the work and the bill and all the income and profits
arising from the whole enterprise, together with
the debt due, and still it has been declined. We
offer the ships, with all theirtonnage and capacities
for profitable employment, the postages increased
and increasing, and all the glory to be especially
the property of those adventurers, and it is rejected.
I offer §50,000 more, and suppose that will also
be rejected. Sir,-they claim compensation for
conveying the mail, and refuse all the postages in
part payment. They tell the Government of im-
mense revenue to be derived from postages, and
yet utterly eschew any reliance upon their own
declarations. "Sir, the people ought to be informed;
they will know the full extent ot this ^elusive
scheme sought to be fixed upon them. Sir, this
is a test question, an experiment of the Collins
line to ascertain whether the influences and the
pressure which they can command, can open the
Treasury door. The report of the Senate's com-
mittee as to the wther lines, gives us a glimpse of
thefuture. Itis an instinct, not confined to the hu-
man race, to watch and take advantage of inroads
upon the resources of others. The cattle and stock
of every neighborhood soon learn the habits of any
npischievous animal that breaks down inclosures
and follow him in his expeditions, that they may
enter fields through the breach he has made. So
this clamorous mendicant now urging his neces-
sity of appropriations for relief, stands in front of
a long line of others who are watching for the suc-
cess of the application, preparing themselves for
similar favors. If there be truth m the arguments
which are resorted to, to sustain the measure,
those who speak so confidently of profits ought to
be willing to take the profits and postages for pay,
or every sensible man, and the country at large,
will consider the whole scheme as a deliberate
foray upon the Treasury.
Mr. EVANS. Will the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Venable] inform me how many post
offices and post routes can be sustained in his State
by means of the postages alone which accrue there?
I believe that in North Carolina, and indeed in
every State south of Maryland, the postagesnever
have amounted to anything like a sufficient sum
to sustain the expenses incurred in carrying the
mail, and in supporting the postal establishment
in those States. Suppose any one were to predict,
what will undoubtedly happen, that the growing
resourcesj the enterprise, and the industry of those
States, will at some no distant period make the
receipts more than the exffeftitures, would the
gentleman not think the proposition a most unjust
one which would require that every post office and
post route not capable now of sustaining itself
should immediately be abolished? Yet that is his
proposition with regard to this line.
And pray what is it that he is willing to give
the Collins line? Not the whole amount of post-
ages which it has been instrumental, directly or
indirectly, in bringinginto the Treasury. Notall
that the postal convention, brought into existence
by this line, gives us—but only the postage on
letters carried by the Collins ships; and yet I ven-
ture to predict, that in a few years the gentleman
will be very unwilling to make any such arrange-
j ment with the line, because the postages will
I have increased to more than the sum now pro-
| posed to be paid; but no private company with-
' out unlimited capital can afford to wait for this
accretion.
Now, sir, what does the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Okr] propose? He offers for the
six additional trips to be performed $19,500 per
trip, without reflecting that these additional
voyages are to be made in mid-winter, when
scarce any passengers or any freight will be car-
ried, and when the voyageisa charge ofitswhole
I cost, and that §19,500 is the pay for a summer
trip.
Let him give $65,000, the cost of each trip, as
a remuneration for making it. This, for six trips,
! will amount to $390,000, which, added to $385,000,
the amount now paid, will be, for a year's service,
§775,000, being almost as much as is proposed to
be paid by this Senate amendment.
, The honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Meade] has made a labored argument about the
profits of the Collins line. I have not time in five
minutes to follow him; but I am prepared to say
that he is altogether mistaken.
The stock of the Collins line is only worth sixty
cents on the dollar, and sells for that m the market.
Now ordinary six per cent, being everywhere from
ninety-five to one hundred and seventeen,"will the
gentleman inform me how it is that this stock,
which he makes a twelve per cent., is only at
sixty ?
The gentleman's computations thus sufficiently
refute themselves.
Mr. ORR. I would like to ask the gentleman
one question.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland has yielded the floor, and further discus-
sion is out of order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Yeka-
ble's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr". ABERCROMBIE. We shall never get
this vote taken. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. GORMAN demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Johnson', of Tennessee,
and Howard were appointed.
