1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
property from the friendly Creeks, may be bene-
fited by this appropriation. If the Committee
011 Indian Affairs, or the Committee of Claims, or
any other committee of this House, will take up
this case, investigate and ascertain what particu-
lar Indians, who were friendly to the United States,
are entitled to the specific sums of money which
make up this aggregate sum of $110,000, and re-
port such a bill here providing for the payment of
the particular Indians who sustained losses, or, in
case of their death, to their heirs, I will vote most
cordially and cheerfully to pay this money t.o them.
Let us know who are the Indians, and who are
the heirs. T think we should not only be just,
but we should, upon all occasions, be liberal to the
Indians in this country. 1 say, if you will ascer-
tain who are the particular Indian chiefs and war-
riors of the friendly party entitled, I will vote for
a bill to pay them. But, until I know who they
are, I cannot vote this money. I know that the
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] would
not, nor would any member of this committee,
ask for the payment of this money if it were going
to the Creek nation as a nation. If it is due at
all, it is due to particular individuals; and when it
can be ascertained and a specific appropriation
made to them, then I will give it my support.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will accept the gentleman's
proposition.
Mr. JONES. I willremark, that I do nofthmk
it comes properly before the Committee of Ways
and Means. It has been rejected by that com-
mittee, and by the House, e er since it was first
reported to them.
Mr. JOHNSON". As far as I am concerned, I
have investigated the whole of this matter minutely.
I am notcb'sposed to press upon this House a single
thing which should not beat once acted upon, and
I will withdraw this amendment upon the very
express statement of the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] because 1 do know, and
will show here to this House, all the parties*by
name, and show exactly how the whole of this
money can be paid. I will also, as I have con-
sulted with two members of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, biing it again before our commit-
tee, and have a full report made under the instruc-
tions of that committee; and 1 will upon that pre-
sent them this item, as an amendment to the gen-
eral appropriation bill. But for the good that it
will do me—and that I may mark this affair for
future reference—I do declare my belief that the
very same men who make war upon it now will
make war upon it again, and will know no more
about the case when it comes up again than they
do now. That is my humble opinion—not per-
haps because they do not want to do it, but be-
cause they let it pass by, saving themselves
trouble, and knowing that in ignorance there is
safety for the Treasury. I challenge and invite
investigation, and express these things in this em-
phatic manner for the purpose of compelling these
gentlemen to protect themselves by investigating
the case. If they do that, then I am satisfied that
they will have honesty enough to discharge their
obligations.
Mr. JONES. I will say to the gentleman, as
I have said before this, if this committee will re-
port a bill specifying the amount of money due to
each one of these Indians, or his heirs, I will sup-
port it.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is right.
Mr. JONES. Not as an appropriation in any
of the general appropriation bills. 1 do not think
it is the proper place.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then you will not discharge
your honest obligations? What sort of conduct
is that? Will this House discharge the honest
obligations of Government, when there is simply
a debtor who has the obligations of your major
general in time of war, your comraander-m-
chief, who stands in all such cases as a minister
plenipotentiary? I shall now withdraw my
amendment; and when it comes up again, I hope
I may not have occasion to make the same re-
proaches against gentlemen—that they know no
more about this matter then than they profess to
know now.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has with-
drawn his amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, offered the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line one hun-
dred and sixty-seven:
For printing, binding, &c., &ix hundred copies of the first
volume of the foregoing work, for distribution among 'the
new member-. §tj,57o.
Mr. J. This is an agreeable duty to discharge;
one which, 1 have no doubt, there are gentlemen
of the Ways and Means who wiil consider it al-
most impudence for me to discharge. But, never-
theless, 1 take great pleasure in discharging it, and
I believe there are a good many in this House who
will concur with me as to the propriety of my ac-
tion, and support me m it.
The design of that amendment is to pay for the
reprinting of the first volume of the work which
I now hold in my hand.
A Member. What is it?
Mr. JOHNSON. It is " A History of the Con-
' dition and Progress of the Indian Tribes of the
' United States, by H. R. Schoolcraft. Illustrated
' by S. Eastman, of the United States Army."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Arkansas, that his amend-
ment needs some alteration. It speaks of a " fore-
going work," to which no allusion is made in the
preceding part of the bill.
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment, as I undeistand it, proposes to
supply the members with this volume. Now, I
make this point of order: that that provision can-
not properly go m this bill, as there is no existing
law authorizing the publication of these volumes
for the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, I will withdraw
my amendment, and offer it hereafter as an amend-
ment after the one hundred and ninety-first line,
where it will come m more appropriately.
The amendment was withdiawn.
Mr. SACKETT moved to strike out the follow
ing clause:
" For interest on the amounts awarded Choctaw claim-
ants, under the fourteenth article of the treaty of Dancing
Rabbit creek, of 2ith of September, 1830, for lands on which
they resided, but which it is impossible to give them, and
m lien of the scrip that lias been awarded undei the act of
23d of August, not deliverable east, by the third sec-
tion of said law, per act of ad ot March, 164o, tor the half
year ending 30th of June, 1852, $21,800."
Mr. S. said: I submit that motion for the pur-
pose of inquiring of the chairman of the Ways
and Means, under what law this appropriation is
made? What law makes it necessary to make
the appropriation ?
Mr. HOUSTON. My recollection now is, that
it is under a law passed m 1845, but 1 may not be
correct as to that.
Mr. DUNHAM. It is under the law of 1842.
Mr. HOUSTON. There was a law passed in
1842, and one in 1845, upon this same subject;
but I do not now recollect under which of those
laws this appropriation is required. They both
bear directly upon this same point, and make it
the duty of the Government to pay interest upon j
this scrip.
Mr. SACKETT. I have examined the acts, j
and can find no law requiring the payment. There ,
may be some such law, but I do not find it in the ;
act of 1842, or in that of 1845. '•
Mr. HOUSTON. There is such a law. j
Mr. SACKETT. This whole matter arises out j
of a treaty, made with the Choctaw Indians in j
1830, by which certain Indians, who chose to be-;
come citizens of the United States, were to have ;
certain lands. The Government, having disposed
of those lands, saw that they had not the ability !
to furnish them to the Indians. Under the act ofj
1842, these Indians were given certain land scrip J
as a substitute for the lands they were to have had
under the treaty of 1830. At a subsequent period,
and in liquidation of the original claim for lands, .
an award was made by the commissioner, and ail j
appropriation made, in the act of 1846, for the j
purpose of paying interest on that award. I can
find no appropriation subsequent to that time, |
either in the deficiency bills or in the general ap- j
propriation bills. I,therefore, call upon the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to ;
show the necessity of this appropriation under ;
some existing law. I have not been able to find ;
any. . i
Mr. PHELPS. By the act of 1842, it was pro-
vided that a certain amount of land scrip should .
be given to these Indians, in lieu of the lands which J
had been reserved to them by the treaty of Dan- t
cino- Rabbit creek, and which had been sold by j
the Government of the United States. That land j
scrip was to be given to these Indians, to be lo- <
cated in the State of Mississippi; and by a subse- >
quent act of Congress, either in that State, or
Arkansas, or Louisiana.
The act of 1842 provided that one half of that
land scrip should be delivered to the Choetaw In-
dians, when they migrated to the country which
was assigned to them on the west of the Missis-
sippi; the other half was to be issued at such place
as might be directed by the President of the Uni-
ted States. Subsequently—I think it was by the
act of 3845—the other half of this land scrip was
directed to be delivered to the Indians when they
reached their new home, west of. the Mississippi.
The reason why this item appears in this defi-
ciency bill is, that the money has been appropri-
ated to pay the interest by the calendar year, and
not by the fiscal year; and this item pays merely
the interest for this half of the present fiscal year.
Mr. SACKETT. I find no such appropriation
ift the acts of 1849, 1850, or 1851. Can the gen-
tleman show me the act ?
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot, at this moment, turn
to it,
Mr. SACKETT, (to the Chair.} "Would it be
competent to pass over this clause for the present,
until the committee have an opportunity to exam-
ine the act?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have examined this claim
minutely, in conjunction with the gentleman from
Missouri, and the other members of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means; and I assure this com-
mittee, that there is not only a law which required
the Government to issue scrip to the Choctaw In-
dians for the lands they had lost, but that there is
a subsequent act which funds that scrip, and re-
quires theG-overnmentto pay interest, as proposed
in this bill. There is, therefore, no use in passing
over the clause.
Mr. PHELPS. In answer to the gentleman
from New York, I will read him the clause from
the act of 1846, which will, I think, be satisfac-
tory. It is as follows:
" Forinteiest on the amount awarded Choetaw claim-
ants, under the fourteenth article of the treaty of Dancing
Rabbit creek, of the 27th September, 1830, for land on which
they resided, but which it is now impossible to give them,
and m lieu of the scrip that has been awarded undei the act
of 23d August, 1842, not doliverabie east by the third sec-
tion of the said law, per act of 3d of March, 1845, viz:
.$3,725 foi the year lbio, and ^3o,5'/o for the year 1846."
These appropriations have heretofore been made
for the calendar years,and not for the fiscal years.
Mr. HOUSTON. And this appropriation is
for the present half year.
Mr. SACKETT. I have looked at the acts for
three or four years subsequent to 1846, and I find
no such appropriation.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sackett *s
amendment, to strike out the clause, and it was
not agreed to.
The Clerk then reported the next clause, as
follows:
" For compensation to three special agents arid four inter-
preters for the Indian tribes of Texas, and for the purchase
of present?, thousand dollars."
Mr. BROOKS moved to amend this clause, by
adding thereto the following:
" Provided, That one of these special agents shall be di-
rected by the President to confer with the proper authorities
of Texd-, with the view to an arranaement for placing the
Indian^ in that State under the exclusive control of the
General Government, and of reserving to them some terri-
tory in which they shall be secure m their possessions."
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment
certainly cannot be in order, if I understand it.
Mr. BROOKS. For what reason?
Mr. HIBBARD. The amendment is irrelevant
to the subject-matter embraced in the clause, and
is not therefore in order.
Mr. BROOKS. It is a provision for the special
direction of one of the agents, assigning him his
duty, as to how he shall use the time and what he
shall do with the money. It is clearly in order.
The clause appropriates $15,000 for the payment
of these asents, and the question is, shall you give
them special instructions.
Mr. HIBBARD. The clause proposes to ap-
propriate $15,000 for the purchase of presents, the
gentleman from New York submits an amendment,
providing that certain directions shall be given to
the agent.
Mr. BROOKS. I beg to correct the gentleman.
The money is appropriated "for compensation to
three special agents."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The amendment
proposes to authorize the President to enter into
