872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
negotiations with the State of Texas, to purchase
a country from that State, for the purpose of lo-
cating the Indians.
' The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that, in -
asmuph as the ■ amendment undertakes to define
the duties of one of the agents provided for in the
clause, it is in order.
Mr. BROOKS. X wish-to make a few remarks
upon that amendment. My object in offering it
is, in part, to call the attention of the committee
to our Indian relations of Texas. We are now
'spending in Texas, for the purpose of keeping
these Indians in order, something like three mil-
lions of dollars, in the expenditures of the army,
and probably—for I have not made the calcula-
tion—a larger amount than three millions of dol-
lars. In addition to that, we have in this appro-
priation bill ^50,000 deficiency for Texas volun-
teers, who have cost in all between two and three I
hundred thousand dollars. 1
These enormous expenses for the Indian de- ]
partment and army of Texas arise wholly from
the fact that Texas has reserved to herself, as
she had a right to do, all the public lands lying
within her borders, allowing the Indians no pos-
sessory rights; and as the columns of emigration
go forward in Texas, they are constantly meeting,
with the Indians; and the first intimation the In-
dians receive that .they are to lose their lands, is
ff'om the chain of the surveyor and his corps of at-
taches marking trees. The consequence of tins
is,'that there is continual excitement and hostility
between the Indians Of Texas and the people of
Texas.
Texas, it must be remembered, copies the Span- !
isli law and customs as to Irtdian lands. She al- '
lows no usufructuary rights to the Jndians, as the ,
other United StMes do, but claims the Indian lands |
as her own,free from all possessory incumbrances. !
Now, sir, there w<fs a treaty like that suggested j
in my amendmentnegotiated by General Houston i
in 1843, and it was understood to be a treaty j
boundary line between the Indians of Texas and !j
the people of Texas. I only ask in my amend- i
ment that one of these special agents be directed
to inquire into these facts, and see if anything can I
be done \yith the authorities of Texas for fixing - a.
boundary Kne, beyond which the white man shall
not go. It is better and cheaper for us to pay
§10,000,000 now for defining a boundary line be-
tween the Indians and the people of Texas, than
to be paying between $3,000,000 and $5,000,000
every year for the support of the army in Texas
and the subjugation of the Indians in Texas, the
-main cause of whose hostility is the invasion by
the people of Texas of their territorial possessions,
of which they believe they are being unjustly de- 1
prived.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand the
amendment, it proposes to invest in the President
the power to make ail arrangement with Texas by
which a certain portion of her public lands shall
be set apart for tiie Indians.
Mr. BROOKS. No such thing at all. . j
Mr. JONES. "Well, that will be the construe- 1
tion given to it. , !
Mr. BROOKS. "To confer with the proper au- '
thorities of Texas," is the language. j
Mr. JONES. Exactly; and suppose, upon a i
conference with the authorities of Texas, the Pres- '
ident should agree with Texas that if she would !
set apart a certain portion of her territory for the 1
use of these Indians, the government of the United 1
. States should pay to her $3,000,000, *4,000,000,
$5,000,000, or #10,000,000, and then come here j
and submit it to Congress, will it not. be claimed •
that this contract was made under authority of i
law, and will not the United States be bound to 1
carry it out? It is a provision of too much im- *
portance, I think, to be brought in here and en- !|
acted into a law in this hurried maimer. Itshuuld !'
not be incorporated into this bill. If such author- 'I
ity is to be conferred upon the President, 1st the !
matter he referred to the Committee on Indian Af- ij
fairs. Let them investigate, and then draw up a •;
bill and report it to the House. It seems to me it [
should not be thus hurriedly adopted by the I
House. 1
The CHAIRMAN. No further discussion is
in order upon this proposition.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire that the amendment
should be again read, so that we may better un-
derstand what it is.
The amendment was again read by the Clerk.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to strike out the entire
section for the appointment of these agents.
The only place where we can possibly reach the
item now before us is, to insert it as an amend-
ment to the Indian appropriations in the b:U now
before us. There is no item in the regular Indian
bill for Texas, and there is nothing upon which ;
we can possibly hang this item except this especial j
place. Every*other attempt will be ruled out of j
order. j
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] |
asks, why not let the Committee on Indian Af- !
fairs bring in a separate bill? Why, sir, you ;
could not give such a bill vitality or existence.
$3,000,000 to $5,000,000 every year for the sup-
port of your army. If you do not regulate this
matter now, you will have no other opportunity to
i8do it, in order, this session. If this is not a proper
place to bring this amendment in, there never
will be a proper place. I tell gentlemen again,
there is no other bill, nor any other Indian bill,
upon which vou can hang any law for the regula-
tion of our Texan Indian relations. There is no
other point at which it can be made in order, and
there is no other time, unless you do it now. If
you do it now, youwillhavehereafterto put in the
deficiency bill payments for Texas volunteers'in
Indian wars, and payments for quartermaster's
movements in the army. Economy, then, de-
mands that you act now.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to ask
the gentleman from New York whether there is
any legislation upon the part of Texas authorizing
the Governor of that State to enter into an ar-
rangement with the Government of the United
States, in relation to that matter ? That will show
i whether there has not been some move upon the
You could not draw the attention of the House to
it. You could not galvanize it into existence, ij part of Texas which we ought to meet by a cor-
There is no other possible form in which you can ■! responding action.
accomplish the object. Here is an appropriation ': [Here the hammer fel'.J
to maintain our Indian relations in Texas; rela- ;! Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am op-
tions which cost us not only immense sums to !| posed to striking out this clause of the bill,
protect Texas, but in consequence of which spring ], In reply to the observations of the gentleman
the greater part of our difficulties under that part j from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] 1 will say, that
of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which com
pels us to keep the Texas Indians out of Mexico.
We ask for no appropriations—we ask for no defi-
nite arrangement; we only ask for a conference of
our Government with the authorities of Texas, to
see what, if anything, can be done.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order. I
am compelled to appeal to my friend from New
York, as one of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and as one who deserves to get this bill
along, not to press this matter. This appropria-
I do not understand why the Secretary of War
may not, under the instructions of the President,
open any communication with the Governor of
Texas or the Legislature of that State, which the
Executive department of the Government may
consider proper or judicious. If it be designed
by the introduction of this proposition, to take the
initiative for empowering the Executive to make
another contract with Texas for the purchase of,
or the jurisdiction over, her lands, then it becomes
us* instead of putting itinto this bill in this hurried
tion has just been voted down, and it is just as I manner, to pause before we attempt to take that
relevant to any appropriation bill as it is to this. ]' initiative step.
Mr. BROOKS. You cannot get it in any other 11 In relation to this chief, Jose Maria, of whom
bill- ^ the gentleman from New York speaks, I believe
Mr. HOUSTON. I would not otherwise make j] he has under his command just about ninety men.
a point of order against one of my colleagues upon ! Now, I say it would be cheaper for us to gather
the Committee of Ways and Means, but we shall ji up these Indians, and take them off upon the wild
never get through this bill if this kind of debate
goes on.
Mr. BROOKS. I moved to strike out the en-
tire section, and I am speaking against that item.
I am speaking against any appropriation, unless
something can be done with the money to better
our Indian relations in Texas.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from Ala-
bama.
Mr. BROOKS. The real practical question be-
fore the committee, then, is, shall you take this
opportunity, and the only one you will have, to
regulate our Indian affairs with Texas ? That is
one question, and another one is: shall you go on
as you have heretofore done, and spend from
$3,000,000 to §5,000,000 for the support of your
army in that State, making no practical effort to
remove the causes of such an enormous expendi-
ture ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to know if that is in
order ?
lands of the United States at the borders of Texas,
than it would to undertake here to confine them in
Texas. The Secretary of War, in his report,
calls upon Congress to look to the Indian affairs
in Texas. He calls upon us to acquire some par-
ticular section of country, and to appoint an a<*ent.
Now, if that agent is to have authority to bind
this Government, even by implication, to thepur-
chase of the jurisdiction over any given amount
I of land in Texas, I say it would be unwise m
I Congress to place any such power in the hands of
j any such agent whatsoever. Let the President
I correspond with the Governor of Texas, and let
j the Legislature of Texas take the initiative step.
Then it will rest with the legislative power of the
! Government of the United States to determine
' whether they will progress with the contract. It
| seems to me that this is a case that does not admit
: of two views.
j Mr. HOWARD. Is it now in order to offer
I an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to increase the ap-
Mr. BROOKS. I say it is cheaper to give j      
$10,000,000, ifnecessai'y, for the purpose of having i propriation §5,000.
your Indian affairs definitely settled in that State ji Mr. Chairman. I was not opposed to the ao-end-
than it. is to support half your army there for the !| ment of the gentleman from New York, (Mr.
purpose of keeping those Indians from maintain- i; Brooks.] I am not at all opposed to the Umted'
mg what they believe to be their rights. As an l| States inquiring into this matter, and more partic-
exarnple of what is going on, I ask the attention ! ularly as it has been recommended by the Indian
of the House to the following extract from the :j Department, as well as by the Secretary of War
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs: j; I wish, however, to inquire of the honorable mern-
"Jo^ Karm jays, [I quotu from tlie report ofthc Indian i; ber from New York, in relation to one matter
agent, fetern,] that then there was a line below winch the ! He nvq thi! the Rt-.to nfT.v,„ „ . ,uJ V r
1 iidians were not allowed to go, but the white people came . i m y I , 01,the cuizens of
above it, marked trees, surveyed lands in their hunting lexas encroach upon the Indians'land. Now,
grounds and near their villages, andwon they would claim j- I h^d occasion to go into that matter fully durii1;
the lands; if the Indium u:ent below, they ivere threatened
ivith death; that tins way not just." -- That a parly ot" white
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I should 'i
like to kr.ow of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] why the Indian bureau cannot make 1
-he last Congress. The Indians hove itii title of
mon had recently (13th June, 1851,) been'iuTiYt country" 1 °|"'cuPancy Texas, and never had, for the sim-
bmveyingland and marking trees; that be followed them'![ P'e reason, that, under the Government of Spain
told them they must mark no more trees, and must leave 11 any title to occupancy was never admitted at all
shoukTSuWlTln^and"" "0t moSe* u,<m' I n these lands to the Indians whenever thev
; ,1 , , . :i settled into the habits of civilization. It cave them
JAOWi It IS thiSVSrV riAtwAoH i-1♦ <■« I ^ 1 .i ..■v.i ®
nf file ^e>7 f0i),"'ctJ^tween the rights , «nain uaue in iuiiu in lee, out never recognized
   _ °L,fq "i t' ?r w M t°y ,believ? y> b.e the ' j! any right whatever to wild land?. Such was the
these inquiries without anv udditionaTmUhoritv ■' otfier oart nfrtie Fnitprl 6| "" R"y r law under the Republic of Mexico. Under those
by law ? ' iuiti.onty ,, othei part ,rthe United States, and tie claims of j j laws they were entitled to the same amount of land
- .., -uch makes u necessary to expend from as the whites, whenever they settledinto the hab-
