874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Affairs, is now found piled up bundles of claims
from citizens of the State of Texas, against the
Government—over 0100,000 of claims—which it is
urged that.this Government should pay. In regard
to these claims, we find it a most difficult matter
to determine; not oneof the intercourse laws of the
United States governing our Indian relations, ex-
tends oyer that State, so that they are there without
Indian laws. * The very provision to which this
amendment is .offered,, is an original act, extending
there the policy of this Government; and is not
sustained by any previous and existing law what-
eyer on the face of the earth. This is an appro-
priation to pay for Indian agencies in the State of
Texas, which now do not exist there. I will not
pretend to state what the result will be in the event
we.do not take some steps in this matter, as to the
destiny of these Indians; but just one glance ought
to satisfy this House. Look at th^ claims set up
by the State of Texas. Texas totally denies and
repudiates therightof occupancy of these Indians,
and .you cannot fail perceiving what must, under
such circumstances, be the destiny of these tribes.
There is something due to them from this Govern-
ment. It is humanity that is due, and a gentle
and fatherly- guardian care. If this claim set up
by the State of Texas to the right of occupancy of
these lands be right, this Government ought to
come forward and do something. If that claim is
right, we are bound to remove those Indians from
there, or to enter into negotiations with the State
of Texas, by which they will be allowed a certain
limited tract of country, in which they can remain
in peace. Nor until this thing is done can the Uni-
ted States extend her intercourse laws over these
tribes; until this is done, we cannot have any ef-
fective governmentrelations with them, and every
appropriation which is made in regard to this sub-
, ject must be made without (he authority of law—
without the authority of treaty; and where, in-
deed, there is no existing obligation in the world
to make any, but that of humanity to the Indians
within the limits of Texas. It is necessary that
the proposition of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr, Brooks,] or that of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Fitch,] should be adopted. It is ne-
cessary that we should settle upon som.e definitive,
fixed .policy-. Then let us authorize negotiations
to be entered into with these Indians by the Gov-
ernment of the United States tb remove them be-
yond the limits of Texas.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. H1BBARD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Arkansas. I hope it
will not be adopted. I hope none of the amend-
ments, touching this matter of negotiation with
Texas, will be adopted by the committee. 1 re-
gretted the introduction of the amendment by the
gentleman from New York. A question of order
was raised, which was overruled by the Chairman,
and the decision was acquiesced in by the com-
mittee. Theremark I propose to make is submitted
to the discretion of the committee, and it is in the
nature of an objection. This is a question which
ought not to be considered here. This is an ap-
propriation but to supply deficiencies, and I appre-
hend that nothing is in order but an item in the
nature of an appropriation for a deficiency. This
is two removes from being, in any degree, germane
to the object of this bill. It does not propo&e an
appropriation. It does not even propose what use
shall be made of the appropriation provided for in
the bill. It directs the President of the United
States, or the Indian Department, to enter into a
negotiation with the authorities of Texas, upon a
matter entirely independent of that provided for by
the bill. I foresaw the evds to which this course
would lead. I think that the committee have
already begun to have practical experience of them.
"Why, it has already opened up, not only the
subject of the Indians in Texas, of their title to
land in Texas—the question whether or not they
have any title, and if any, what it is, but the
whole question of the Texas boundary bill of the
last session—slavery, the Wilmot proviso, and
all. If we begin in this march of progress, I
know not where we can end. If we can com-
mence one negotiation, we can begin to provide
for another, and we can introduce a provision in-
quiring into the expediency of repealing the Texas
boundary bill of the last session, or any other
measure. I hope the committee will stop short of
a beginning in this matter. It does not belong to
the bill. There are things enough in it already that
do not belong there. ' I trust that the amendment
wril not prevail.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. EVANS. 1 move to amend, by increasing
the sum to $50,000. I shall v.ote for the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Fitch.] 1 consider it is a very important one—
one that will save to the Government $2,000,000
or $3,000,000 a year, in the matter of claims for
indemnity and otherwise. We are told that there
are" claims now in the committee room of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to the amount of $100,000,
presented by citizens of Texas, demanding recom-
pense for depredations committed upon them by
Indians, against whose ravages we are bound to
give protection. Consider, besides, that a vast
body of claims, I am lold, amounting to millions
of dollars, are here or upon their way here, which
are being presented by citizens of Mexico, who
claim indemnity under the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, for the ravages of Texas Indians; and is
it not apparent to every one, that if we can remove
those Indians, an appropriation of $50,000 for that
purpose would be a most economical expenditure,?
There could not be a better policy, than to expend
it as soon as possible. I wish the language 'of the
amendment had been a little different. It strikes
me, from hearing it read, that it is an appropria-
tion of §25,000 for the negotiation. I would make
it an appropiiation of §50,000 for the actual re-
moval. I may be mistaken, as I have not looked
at the amendment. In some shape—either in that
shape, or the one offered by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks]—I am willing to vote
for it. I trust every man in this committee who
is in favor of a real, genuine economy, will give
it his support. The gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hibbard] thinks that it may open the
question of slavery. I do not see, by any sort of
possibility, ho wit can have that effect. Ifl thought
it could 
Mr. HIBBARD. I said only that the discus-
sion had been brought in here.
Mr. EVANS. 1 admit it has been mentioned
here. You cannotprevent the question of slavery
from being discussed here; but it can lead ,to no
practical results. This does not involve any con-
nection with the slavery question. It is the ap-
propriation only of a small sum of money to a
purpose of real, true, genuine, thorough economy.
That is what it will be found to be. It will, if it
lead to a successful negotiation, save us $100,000
a year in the shape of claims from Texas; and
perhaps millions, which we may hereatter be
obliged to" pay to Mexico. I say, if us purpose
can be effected—if it can be only earned out, we
ought now to make a beginning. I am glad that
it has been introduced here. It was discussed in
the last Congress. I want, however, the rights of
Texas to be reserved. I do not wish in any way
to trench in the slightest degree upon any part of
her just authority. Let her have all her lands,
and their proceeds, but let us get rid of the In-
dians; and in doing so, we also get rid of a great
part of the troops upon the Rio Grande, which
are now necessary to prevent the Indians from
crossing over into Mexico. Those Indians now
cross the river and go into Mexico, because they
assert that they have a right—a title to lands sit-
uated there, of which they have been deprived by
the Spanish construction, of no title to Indians in
land, which the gentleman from Texas alluded to
as the law of that State. Let us remove them to
some unoccupied district of this country, where
they can have no access to Mexico—where they
may feel that they have some title in the soil-
where their rights are respected—where they may
perchance become cultivators and producers.
Now make a beginning, and, my word upon it,
we will finally diminish the expenditures of the
Government m a very considerable degree.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope theamendment of the
gentleman from Maryland will be rejected, and
also that of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Fitch.]
Mr. FITCH. I hope not.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman has already
said that in his speech: I take the ground that the
! amendment was offered in all sincerity, and I am
j opposing it in the same spirit. I would have made
j the point of order, but it was not competent to do
I so, because my colleague of the Committee of
Ways and Means, as I believe, had proposed an
amendment, upon which 1 made a point of order,
which was overruled by the Chair. I then 9e-
sired that the committee should take its own
course. Now, sir, we see what is the result of a
departure from the rules of debate by a member
of the Committee of Ways and Means, who ought
to aid me in suppressing debate. That proposi-
tion is not precisely germane to this bill. While
we are- now proposing an appropriation, not as
a deficiency to Texas of $15,000 to carry through
this fiscal year, which was omitted at the last ses-
sion, a motion to amend is made. The Chair enter-
tains that motion—that in a deficiency bill you may
bring forward a proposition regulating the who^e
of our relations with the Indian tribes in Texas,
just as well the Indian tribes in New Mexico and
California. The proposition is as broad as it is
possible for any proposition to be connected with
our Indian relations, and I hope, therefore, and
appeal to the committee, that we shall not persist
in the course of debate of this sort. I concur and
sympathize with all of those who are arguing that
our relations with the Texas Indians require some
legislation. Our connection with these Indians is
embarrassing, and it will so continue until we
legislate upon the subject in some way, and I call .
upon my honorable friend from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson,] who is so diligent and faithful in the
discharge of the duties connected with his posi-
tion—and who has the Indian policy under his
charge—as to whether his committee will not act
upon this subject as an independent question. I
ask him if it is not proper that it should be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, which
has the control of the regulation of the Indians in
Texas. 1 hope, therefore, as this is a subject of
such vast importance, and involving such great
consequences, not only to Texas, not only to the
Indians, but the Government of the United States,
that the proposition will be matured in the Indian
Committee. When it meets with the concurrence
of that gentleman and that committee; when they
shall indorse the proposition that negotiations
shall be established between us and these Indians,
by which we will be relieved of the difficulties
now existing, I shall be prepared to go for it. I
sympathize with him.
I now propose to answer the argument of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] who
says that this is the only bill to which you can
attach this proposition. I ask if it could not as
well be attached to the ordinary Indian appropria-
tion bill? Your proposition appropriates foF the
purpose of carrying out and keeping up our Indian
relations in Texas, and it is just as proper to come
in that bill as anywhere. I trust that it may not
be pressed now. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw it from this bill, as it can be as well con-
sidered and acted upon hereafter.
Mr. BROOKS. Show mean item in the Indian
appropriation bill where there is an appropriation
to which this can be attached.
Mr. HOUSTON. My recollection is, that it
can be attached to that bill. If it is not, Mr.
Chairman, I ask why it should not be matured
by the Indian Committee, and reported upon its
own responsibility. That committee can and will
do it.
Mr. BROOKS. The item under consideration
is not a deficiency item. It is for a future year.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from New
York is mistaken, or else the Indian departments
mistaken.
Mr. PHELPS. I will inform the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] and my friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] that if this is not
a deficiency, then the Department of the Interior
and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs sept offi-
cers into Texas as their agents unauthorized by
law.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The gentle-
man states that this is not a deficiency 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can only
proceed by the unanimous consent of the commit-
tee, as the debate is exhausted. The question is
upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Evans.]
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to insert fifteen. I
merely wish to state what will facilitate this matter.
I will explain to the gentleman, in the first place,
that this is no deficiency, and is not in accordance
