1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
with any law, bat only by recommendation of the
Indjan bureau as for the best interest of the Gov-
ernment, and thus sustained by annual appropria-
tion. it is unfortunate that we cannot extend the
intercourse laws over the State of Texas without
her consent. The suggestion made by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means is,
that this matter can be brought in under the gen-
eral appropriation bill for the Indian service. 1 am
not informed as to the relevancy that this amend-
ment would have to any existing proposition con-
tained in the regular appropriation bill, and theie-
fore I cannot speak of the advisibility of such a
course; but as to the matter of referring it to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, I must say that I
do not feel that there is any security in the world
that we could, through tins House, give any vital-
ity to any bill outside of a general appropriation
bill. Such is the unfortunate character of the
legislation of this House, and ever has been since
1 was first connected with it. I will say to the
gentleman from N$w York, [Mr. Brooks,] I have
no doubt in the world that his amendment is-ex-
cellent, and it would be well if he adjudged it pos-
sible to defer it for the general bill, when, if it
shall be admissible at all, I have no doubt he will
be able to carry it. I shall support his amend-
ment myself, if none is offered which I may think
still better; or, if he will mnke his proposition
embrace an authority to the Government to treat
with the Texas Indians for removing them alto-
gether, I will so vote still more cheerfully.
Mr. BROOKS. But can I get it upon a point
of order? The Chairman will rule me out of
order.
Mr. JOHNSON". Then I will have to leave
the gentleman to exercise his own best judgment
about it, and I will support him in the movement,
let him present it when he may.
Mr. FITCH. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,]
but do not intend to consume any of my five
minutes in speaking against it. The effect of my
amendment does not appear to be understood; I
so infer, at least, from the interrogatories pro-
pounded to me. I am asked why I do not so
word it as to provide peremptorily for the removal
of the Indians. Because we recognize them as a
nation with whom we must treat. A treaty hav-
ing been made as provided for by the amendment,
that treaty must be ratified by the Senate before
it can go into operation. I propose to treat with
them, and not with the State of Texas. I wish
again, for one moment, to call the attention of the
committee to the enormous amount of claims
Texas has presented for depredations committed
by these same Indians. As I remarked a short
time before, the Indians are now placed beyond
our jurisdiction. Wc cannot control them. What-
ever our disposition may be so to do, Texas will
not permit it. We propose to place them where
we can control them. Then we can prevent these
claims from being presented, hecause we can pre-
vent depredations being committed by the Indians.
If the estimate of the number of Indians in Texas,
made by the quartermaster's department, is cor-
rect, the amount of depredation claims already
presented to the Committee on Indian Affairs, is
some §4,000 or $5,000 for each Indian warrior.
Each warrior has damaged Texas to that amount.
It is not to be presumed that these claims will all
be allowed, but it is not probable we can escape
allowing some of them. If the Indians are inclined
to cultivate the soil they cannot do it, because their
title to it is not recognized by Texas. Their title
is not, m her estimation, as good* as that of the
preem ptor who walks in and takes the very land
to which the Indians may have given additional
value by partial cultivation. They are compelled
then to remove from year to year, or to commit
violence upon those who trespass upon what they
doubtless honestly think to be their rights. Give
them land which they may not only call their
own, but which shall be their own, and they will
be much more likely than now to abandon their
* roving and predatory habits, at least it will not be
half so difficult to control them, as we find it to-
day. I trust, therefore, that my amendment will
be adopted. The gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Howard] says, "if I was in earnest;" as if I was
not! I offered the amendment in good faith, and
hope the opposition of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will be unheeded by
the committee, if the amendment is out of
order—and to that point alone was directed the
argument of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and that of another member
of this committee, the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hibbard]—it would be equally out of
order m any other bill emanating from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or any other stand-
ing committee. It is no more out of order than
several provisions which the Committee of Ways
and Means have themselves inserted in the bill;
and when they can make no other opposition to it
than a point of order, they admit that its merit
cannot be successfully controverted. So far from
being out of order, this bill and this provision is
the place for it. Elsewhere no action even of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, or other standing
committees, could preventit from being left for one
or two sessions among unfinished business, as
those conversant with such matters here well
know. Ingrafted upon this bill, the amendment
will have that vitality which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] wishes for his; while,
as a sepaiate bill, experience here teaches us its
meiitj however great it may be, cannot galvanize
sufficient activity into it to insure its early pas-
sage.
The question was then taken upon Mr. John- s
son's amendment, and it was rejected. }j
The question then recurred upon Mr. Fitch's ]i
amendment. i:
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to !j
strike out $25,000, so as to adopt the view of the !
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] leaving the |
amount to stand at <j,15,000. I do not perceive ij
any necessity for increasing the appropriation for il
the purpose of opening a negotiation. j|
Mr. FITCH. I object to that. The gentleman i
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] will at once per- :
ceive, if there is a deficiency now of $15>0UU for !
the purpose asked for m the original provision, ■
of course he leaves nothing to carry on the nego- ;
nation; but if, under the amendment I have offered, ;
these negotiations have commenced, we must ap- [i
propriate a sum for that purpose now under the |j
head of deficiency, during another year. !,
Mr. MARSHALL. The proposition to pro- [j
vide for the salaries or compensations of these 1
special agents in Texas, and make presents to the 'i
Indians, is *,15,000. The gentleman proposes to J
introduce in that an amendment to negotiate with ;l
the Indians for their removal, but on account of the
introduction of that proposition to increase the
appropriation by #10,000, that appropriation of
§>25,000 can be applied by the Department to the
procurement of presents, as well as to the negoti-
ation. I do not suppose that the Indians can be
removed out ofTexas for either $15,000 or£25,000,
and I do not see the necessity of any money to
open the negotiation with them. The agents are
there, and they are being paid. Their business is
with the Indians.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman is not aware
of the fact that these Indians have always to be
supported, while you are making a treaty with
them. The history of the whole period of the
Government, shows that you cannot make a treaty
with the Indians without money.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mar-
shall's amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment of Mr.
Fitch,
Mr. FITCH demanded tellers, which were or-
dered.
The question was then taken, (Messrs. Fitch
and Houston acting as tellers,) and resulted—
ayes 76, noes 12. INo quorum voting.
Mr. HENN moved that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in or-
der. If there be no objection, there will be a re-
count.
There being no objection, the tellers resumed
their places, and the question being again put, it
was decided in the affirmative—ayes 79, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr DUNHAM moved to strike out the follow-
ing clause of the bill:
"For continuing the collection, and for publishing the
statistics and other information authorized bv the act of 3d
March, 1847, and subsequent acts,§17,000.,J
Mr. D.said: I move to strike out that provision
because I think it is a most wrongful expenditure
of the public money. There has been aheady
expended for the purpose for which this appropri-
ation is asked—in 1847 $5,000, in 1849 $5,000, in
1850 §10,000, in 1851 $35,300, and they now ask
for $17,000 more. They have but just begun the
woric. It is another of those publications that are
fastened* on Congress, and that goon increasing
year after year, like the Archives and various
other works that have been published here. As
an evidence of this, the committee will recollect
that the gentleman from Arkansas, but a little
while ago, ottered an amendment to reprint the
first volume of this very work, for distribution to
the new members of this Congress. Any gentle-
man who examines the work must say that it
does not contain that kind of information that
ought to be procured and published at the public
expense, however valuable it may be as a lite-
rary work. I have mentioned the amount which
has been already expended on this first volume,
and the expense of a publication of this sort goes
on increasing year after year, in a sort of arith-
metical progression. The first volume of this work
was distiibuted to the members of the last Con-
gress, and now an estimate has been sent m, and
an amendment offered by the gentleman from Ar-
kansas, to go back and reprint that volume for the
new members of the present Congress. Then,
again, you will give the second Volume, which will
be distributed during this Congress to ail the mem-
bers of the last Congress who are not now here,
because they have got the first volume and must
have a complete set, and so:it will go on increas-
ing year after year. This is another of those
speculations which are becoming so common in
this country. x
We shall go on publishing books, until our Gov-
ernment is turned into an immense book concern.
Why, sir, you can go into half the book stores in
the country, and buy all the information usually
contained in these works for yourselves, for one
fourth the cost of them to the Government. In
my opinion, if I maybe allowed to quote an old
adage, " the play will no't pay for the candles."
It is not only a most ridiculous thing, bu % most
willful and wicked pei version of the powers, of this
Government, to publish at the public expe> .-e such
works as this, for a limited distribution, as >11 such
distributions must he, if for distribution a .ill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The honorable
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] a mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means—the
committee who have reported this provision for
the continuation of the collection of this statistical
information, that it may be preserved and given
to the world—now moves to strike it out
A Voice. He opposed it in the comn   tee.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then he preserves his con-
sistency by opposing here what he opposed there.
Did the gentleman oppose it during the last Con-
gress ?
Mr. DUNHAM. Most certainly, I did.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, I suppose the gentle-
man took his book, as a matter of course.
Mr. DUNHAM. To be sure I did.
Mr. JOHNSON. I took one, and I took it in
obedience to the policy adopted by the net of 1847,
that provided for the collection and publication of
the history and statistics of this peculiar race, and
the distribution of them. The object is to pre-
serve them, and hand them down to posterity.
Sir, these works will furnish facts throughout
ages to come, when not only shall we be gone and
forgotten, but when, perhaps, then* will be no re-
membrance that there ever was such a Congress
as the Thirty-second. lam opposed to abandon-
ing that policy which was adopted, after mature
consideration, by the Congress of 1847, and that
was to collect all the information that could be
obtained in regard to the Indian races inhabiting
this continent, or those parts of it which belonged
to, or have since been acquired by the United
States. I am opposed to striking out this clause,
because it would bean abandonment of that policy.
Sir, we owe it as a debt to our native land 
Mr. TUCK, (interrupting.) I wish -o inquire
of the gentleman if this appropriation is to pay for
expenses already incurred under the act of 1847,
or for expenses to be incurred in the future?
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman must ask
that question of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I ivill thank him not to interrupt me
again with questions irrelevant to the train of re-
marks which I am indulging in, I am upon quite
a different branch of the question.
