076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
; 1 Was saying that thfere is 'a dsbt that this Gov-
ernment owes to'the land ih which we live—a debt
whieh if it" has not been discharged by every
na'tibn throughout the world that has existed be-
fore us,- ought to have been, and has been'in some
measure, by almost every nation of which we have
a'ny knowledge. Sir, there is no subject whatever
connected with our history, that will in future
years be one of deeper or more thrilling interest
than this one relating to the aborigines of our
" eountry. They are now fast disappearing from
the continent. If we were to abandon the policy,
of collecting these statistics' and this information,
for twenty-five years, half the means of giving it
to our posterity and to the world would be lost,
and lost forever. Now is the time, and the only
time, at which we can prosecute the work.
. The only question, then, can be as to its pro-
priety, and it seems to me, that-in that point of
view, it addresses itself to each one of us, ana
that the heart of every man here should respond
to it. We should do something to perpetuate the
history of our own country, from the time we
ourselves came into possession of it.
' Sir, I am opposed to striking out the clause,
notwithstanding what may be said about making
this Government a " book-making concern." It
rises above and goes beyond any such considera-
tions. It is a just, honorable, and creditable ap-
propriation of the public money; and it is not an
extravagant one, whfti we consider that this book
is sought after, not only by the people of the Uni-
ted State" in every direction, but also by foreign
governments, as containing matter deeply interest-
ing, and about which the greatest curiosity is felt.
I hope the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
will not prevail, but that we shall allow these in-
vestigations to go on until the work is concluded.
Mr. DUNHAM. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman if he has any information when the work
will l>e concluded? and .whether it will be comple-
ted within the next twenty years?
Mr. JOHNSON". I can answer that question.
The CHAIRMAN. Further discussion is not
in order.
Mr. TUCK moved.to amend the clause pro-
posed to be stricken out, by reducing the amount
to $16,000.
Mr. T. said: Had the gentleman from Arkan-
sas answered my inquiry with his usual cour-
tesy 
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not intend to be dis-
courteous. I will answer the gentleman's ques-
tion now, if he will tell me what it is.
Mr. TUCK. I say, had the gentleman from
Arkansas answered my question with his usual
courtesy, I should probably have refrained from
making this proposition of amendment.
I find this fact, which 1 deem it important that
we should know m voting on the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana, that this appropria-
tion of jS17,(10Q.is to meet the payment of expenses
that have already been incurred, and to pay for
printing which is now going on, and which was
authorized by the act of 1847..
Mr. JOHNSON,of Arkansas. I will answer
the gentleman that, so far as I am concerned, find-
ing that this item was one which the Committee of
Ways and Means had adopted, I did not investi-
gate it, and therefore could not answer his ques-
tion. The Committee of Ways and Means,
however, certainly must be able to answer it. It
is their business to do it.
Mr. BUNHA-M. I can inform the gentleman
from New Hampshire that the item which I pro-
pose to strike out is for the collection of further
statistics. The next clause is for arrearages in
the work already done.
Mr. HOUSTON. I regret that my friend from
A rkansas, having investigated everything else with
his usual acuteness, has omitted this item. The
,00^ in this clause, is for continuing the collec-
tion of information intended for the volume partly
matured and in hand.
Mr. DUNHAM. But not published.
Mr. HOUSTON. Ii is not published. The
second item is for arrearages in the publication of
the work.
Mr. TUCK. It was my understanding that
tilis proposition was to pay for expenses already
properly incurred, under the act of 1847.
Mr. DUNHAM. Not at all.
Mr. TUCK, The gentleman thinks he under-
stands it, but. he is mistaken. These expenses
have been regularly .and legally incurred, and the
publication is now going on. This is strictly a
deficiency, which we are bound by jaw to pay.
Mr. VENABLE said: Mr. Chairman, not
quite three hundred years since the white man
first placed his foot upon this continent. Those
then in possession have perished and passed away
before his aggressive march, like the snow before
the rays of the sun. The memorials of a race,
manly, fierce, and warlike, are fast fading away,
and tradition becoming diluted with fabulous nar-
rative, is losing all claim to credibility. In this
state of things, our Government, some years since,
directed bylaw, the collection of the remnants of
those memorials; they made apraiseworthy effort
to snatch from oblivion that which was now cer-
tain, and imbody it in a work which should have
tor the evidence of its authenticity, the seal of the
fepartment to which it was confided. To perform
it, one was selected whose personal knowledge of
the peculiarities and the history of the Indian race
was combined with high literary attainments, and
yet higher moral qualifications. A life spent in
association with, and a profound sympathy for,
the aborigines, qualified him to perform the task
in a manner which commends bis work to the
confidence and admiration of the world; and by it
the name of Henry Schoolcraft will descend to
posterity, canonized as the friend and historian
of a most interesting people, now rapidly passing
away. I said it was a praiseworthy effort on the
part of our Government to have some mark of
their veneration for science and true history, which
would endure, as was well said by my friend from
Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] when, most probably,
we, as individuals, would be forgotten. It will be
honorable to this Congress to direct the continua-
tion of this philanthropic, as well as literary en-
terprise. 1 cannot be insensible to the obligation
which rests upon us to preservefrom utter oblivion
the memorials of those whose possessions we have
forcibly seized, to redeem ourselves from the just
imputations of being more barbarous than the
savages to whose domains we have succeeded.
The war-whoop has been exchanged for the lam-
entations of tribes driven from the homes and
the graves of their ancestors. No ruined cities,
no dilapidated temples, no records, even in hy-
eroglyphics, remain to preserve the memory or
the character of their institutions; and it would lie
treason against the laws of literature, science, and
benevolence, to pause before the accomplishment
of this work. I feel it, sir, to be a sacred duty to
communicate our portion to the learning of (he
world, to vindicate the truth of history by re-
lieving it from the shadows of tradition and fable.
I have heretofore opposed the large book-making
enterprises of promiscuous works, upon which
our Government has entered, and shall continue
to do so; but I will not commence by ousting
one of the most praiseworthy and valuable which
has ever engaged our attention. I would vote to
purchase that fine picture now exhibiting in the
rotunda, because it, with lifelike vigor, portrays
one of the most remarkable incidents in our rev-
olutionary history. It is a suitable companion to
those now filling the niches. It represents Wash-
ington crossing the icy Delaware, m the gloomiest
epoch of our struggle; a bold manoeuvre, second
only to the passage of the Alps by Hannibal and
Napoleon; made in the presence of a superior force,
and, by its success, giving hope to a desponding
people, and forming the turning-point in our rev-
olutionary history. Such memorials are precious
as well as instructive. We look from canvas to
canvas, and we see the warrior, the statesman,
and the sage, and read the whole history of the.
Revolution in the work of the artist. To preserve
the memorials of the Indian race, to become familiar
with their present history, will give as sympathy
for their wrongs, and aw«ke a sense of justice to
those who remain—arrest a policy which, in a few
generations, must utterly destroy them, end cause
us, as a Government and a people, to redeem the
errors of the past by a system of just policy in
the future.
I cannot adopt a policy which so much resem-
bles that of China and Japan; which regards the
rest of the world as outside barbarians, and repu-
diates all claims upon ourselves for an eous.1 con-
tribution to these subjects of scientific pursuits,
the evidences of which are to be found in our own
archives.
Mr. STANLY. My colleague will pardon me
for asking this question: How. are wb to have
the goodness of our hearts perpetuated when, our
memories are forgotten ?
Mr. VENABLE. The criticism of my col-
league is both profound and striking, and I doubt
not will secure to him lasting renown.
,Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise, sir, in
order to make an amendment. I propose to add
$50 to the appropriation, and I am very happy to
find myself concurring entirely with the views of
my friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Vekable.]
I agree, sir, in his view of the importance of this
appropriation, and in its perfect propriety in this
appropriation bill. I was in earnest when assent-
ing to the propriety of purchasing the beautiful
picturethat is now to be seen in the rotunda, illus-
trating one of the most important events in our
revolutionary histoiy; and it was with perfect sin-
cerity that I proposed to my friend from Alabama
tosupply that deficiency in ourgallery of paintings,
and to put in an appropriation for that purpose.
Of course, sir, I would not venture to make such
a proposition myself.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to know what the cost
of that would be.
Mr. JONES. Is thisdiscussion as to procuring
pictures, in order?
Mr. STANTON. I will confine myself to the
question of books. My time is not out yet; and,
in reference to books, 1 was very much of the
same opinion as my friend from North Carolina,
[Mr. Venable.] In reference to the celebrated
Patent Office report, I was sorry, sir, to hear the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] I be-
lieve it was, say that this was a wicked perversion
of the powers of the Government; but 1 do think,
sir, he will consider on reflection that that was an
extravagant declaration, unsustained by any con-
duct of the Government with which I am ac-
quainted. It has been supposed by some that
this Patent Office report is of but little value; but
I may say that I have found gentlemen possess-
ing the highest degree of intelligence and educa-
tion who have expressed to me their opinion and
belief that this Patent Office report is the most
valuable thing ever received from this Govern-
ment. That is the general opinion entertained by
intelligent men in my district. I have been ap-
prised of its importance, and I think that my hon-
orable friend from North Carolina will find among
his constituents a similar opinion. But, sir, his
opinion may be correct and mine may be incor-
rect; but in regard to this picture, which is the
subject of the amendment which 1 have suggest-
ed, I think there ought to bebut oneopinion. But,
sir, if there be no gentleman here who wishes to
oppose the amendment I have offered, I will, with
the permission of the House, withdraw it, satis-
fied as I am that this appropriation for the books
is safe, and that this House, if it will not sanction
the appropriation for the picture, will at. least
leave in the appropriation for the books.
Mr. STANTON, by consent of the committee,
withdrew his amendment to the amendment; and
Mr. TUCK, by unanimous consent, also with-
drew his amendment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Fitch to strike out the clause; and
it was disagreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, I wish to offer
the following amendment, which, I think, is ger-
mane to the question:
For printing, binding, fee. six hundred cop ee of flio Bni
volume of the foregoing won:, for distribution among new
members, .^6,575.
I find, sir, that the item explains itself tolerably
well, and 1 find thar it raises the question of distri-
bution, and as lo what disposition shall be made of
them. The Librarian is bound to preserve these
books; but libraries r.ot ahvoys safe Scatter
them, scatter them, if you would preserve them.
I do not think tb->t a better method can be adopt-
ed than distribution. Ifany gentleman should not
wish to keep them himself, hecan dispose of th^m
where he pleases, and the books will be preserved,
and the history they contain will be preserved. I
do not receive any benefit from this myself, for I
have received the first number, and ! shall vote to
give the new members this number, and not con-
fine them to the second volume, and   broken set.
Unless this amendment is adopted, they will not
get the first volume. Now, sir, to give them the
second volume,and not thefirst, does not seem to be
consistent with goodsense,and eo far as I am con-
