1742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
who builds a boat on a new and improved plan, or
with a new and improved boiler; here is the com-
petition which it is the policy of the country and
of the age to encourage; but he must satisfy the
political appointees—the inspectors—that his ma-
chinery; which has never before been used but by
himself—a pure invention of his own, for which
he alone deserves credit, of which no other man
knew anything-—that it is the best, or he cannot*
get a certificate, cannot go to sea, and his vessel is
useless to him. To carry out the intention of the
bill, you have got to suppose that the inspectors
are the purest men;-and our Government does not
proceed on that ground. In the making of ap-
pointments, the Government proceeds upon.the
ground that human nature is corruptible, and the
very highest office to the lowest has thrown around
it ten thousand shields in the shape of bonds.
These men are to be placed in a station holding
mt>re power over the great steaming interests of
the country than any set of men have ever pos-
sessed in this country. I ask you, if it is not a
power peculiarly liable tb be abused ? It is a mat-
ter purely discretionary. There is no responsi-
bility for an error, [f they say a certain boiler is
not applicable to the machinery, a boiler that was
never tested, never tried, how is their discretion to
be brought to the question? They are clearly not
responsible for it. Here is a position of great re-
sponsibility; a position that may be abused to a
greater extent than that of any other trust I know
of in this Government. The salary to be given
to these men is ,500 a year. That will not ob-
tain the most scientific knowledge upon the sub-
ject, and, with due deference to what was ob-
served the other day—for there seems to be great
reason in it, that this small salary will get men
from the workshops, and that they are the men
whom we want—I would say we do want such
men; but we want men, at the same time, com-
bining with practical knowledge a scientific educa-
tion; possessed with that knowledge which the
officers in the British Navy possess; men who
first stood at the desk, and then practiced in the
machine shops, to apply themselves to the practi-
cal knowledgeof machinery.
The objection, then, that 1 have to the bill is,
that it puts a stop at once to all competition. It
proceeds upon a wrong principle. And when I
make this objection, I do not wish to make a long
speech upon the.subject. I throw out these sug-
gestions as the reasons which shall govern my
vote, and as showing the principle which I would
adopt. Senators will recollect that the rigid rules
of the common law, before the laws regulating
common carriers were relaxed, held the carriers
responsible for the goods in their charge to the
tftmost extent. It was no excuse that they were
set upon by robbers. They had to pay for the
goods. Sir, the safety of passengers in this coun-
try is of as great importance as was the property
of men in that age before these rules were relaxed.
I would say, then, pursue this principle: At the
time a register or enrollment is granted to steam-
ers, demand of the owners a bond to respond in
damages, and hold them'accountable for all losses
that may accrue from the explosion of boilers;
and let them select what means they please as to
the boats or machinery. Leave competition en-
tirely open. Do not bind them to select a stop-
cock, or valve, or a pump of any particular form
and construction, and of such a length. GlVe
them the widest field for competition. Let them
select any machinery they please, but hold them
responsible for all losses that may ensue from
explosions. Why is it that explosions occur so
rarely on the Atlantic waters? We scarcely ever
hear of one of them. What is it, unless it be on
account of the greater care exercised in the selec-
tion of officers and engineers who navigate the
boats? It is well known that on the Western
waters the promotion is from the fireman to the
engineer, and that the engineers possess merely
the practical knowledge gained as firemen. It is
not so upon the Northern and upon the Atlantic
waters. The engineers there are scientific men,
as well as those who have practically acquired an
education upon that subject. My objection, then,
to the bill is, that it makes the'judgment of the
inspectors—the political appointees—the test of
every other man's merits, and substitutes their
judgment and mere discretion for the self-interest
which the passengers now have between these and
the owners of the boat. The whole philosophy
of the bill, in my opinion, is wrong; therefore, I
shall vote against it.
Mr. DAVIS. I have but a word to say in
reply to the Senator from Florida. He seems not
to know that the law of discretion has been the
law long enough, and that all these mischiefs have
come up under it. He seems to overlook another
fact. If a simple liability were sufficient, why,
does he not know that that has always existed, as
under the common law, for negligence and care-,
lessness, at all times and under all circumstances ?
And has it proved enough ? Is inadequate ?
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will answer the Senator,
by saying that he misconceives, me entirely.
There have been various attempts made in the
States to reach this object. In the State of Ala-
bama they have made it murder in the engineer—
punishing by death for explosion, where negli-
gence could reach him. But you can never fix
negligence upon the engineer. My proposition is
to make hiin responsible, negligence or no negli-
gence. Not only responsible for not having ex-
ercised due diligence, but for all explosions of
steam.
Mr. BORLAND. I have a few words to say
in respect to this bill. I shall not go into an ex-
amination of it. I have not examined its details.
I have not felt qualified to do so. I do know,
however, that very serious evils exist in the steam
navigation of the region of country in which I
live—the great Mississippi valley. It has long
been indispensable to the safety of our lives and
property that those evils should be corrected. All
legislation heretofore has failed to correct them.
We have now before us a bill which proposes to
accomplish that object. It has been before us the
whole session, and" has been examined and elab-
orated, I apprehend, more patiently, thoroughly,
and faithfully than any bill ever was before in the
Senate of the United States. I repeat, I have not
the practical knowledge of the subject which would
qualify me to examine and pass upon the details
of the bill. But this I do know, that not only has
it passed through careful examination and prep-
aration at the hands of the Senators who have
devoted themselves mostpatiently and assiduously
to it, but those Senators have had, during their
labors, the assistance, the suggestions, and the
advice of the most respectable, intelligent, and
experienced steamboat commanders and engineers
which this country has produced. Some of those
gentlemen are personally known to me, and have
been ever since I have resided in the Western
country, now sixteen years. Their characters,
both as individuals and as professional men, are the
very highest; and I am satisfied that no one resid-
ing in the Mississippi valley, who has resided there
for the last ten or twelve years, would hesitate to
take their judgment and opinions as the best au-
thority that could be given. It has been with
their advice and assistance—under their patient
and careful supervision—that the Committee on
Commerce have framed this bill. For myself, I
rely upon those who have prepared this bill with
entire confidence. If it be not perfect, aiid shall
not answer the purpose for which it is designed, it
is my opinion, that in the present state of knowl-
edge on the subject, it is impossible to make one
that will answer the purpose. That it has defects
we must suppose; for all the works of human
hands and human brains have defects; but I be-
lieve this—and I believe it on the faith which I
have in those who have made it—to be the most
perfect that ever has been made, and the most per-
fect that can be made at the present day.
All the gentlemen to whom I allude I consider
eminently qualified to construct a bill to remedy
the evils which we have suffered. They know
what those evils are, and they know, if any one
can know, how to cure them. Without dispar-
agement to any of the others, I take occasion to
allude particularly to one, who has been alluded
to by the Senator from Texas, and who was among
the very first that ever navigated a steamboat upon
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. He began there
as far back as 1817—the fourth in the business—
and until the last year has constantly been occu-
pied in the business. His career,has been most
wonderful; it has been one which will hand down
his name to the latest posterity with the highest
honors; for his has been a most responsible posi-
tion, involving the care of the life and property of
millions; and during that time—thirty-five years—
not a ningle accident ever happened to life or prop-
erty while under his care. Such a mail is Captain
Shallcross, of Louisville, Kentucky. Now, when
a gentleman of that character and experience—a "
man respected by all who know him in the com-
munity where he lives, and along a line of fifteen
hundred miles of river navigation, to which his
life has been devoted uninterruptedly for thirty-
five years—whose character as a man, as an en-
gineer, and -as a steamboat commander, is with-
out spot or blemish, but is indorsed, and estab-
lished, and commended to us by a career of so pro-
tracted, and of such unparalleled success, without
a single failure, comes forward and tells me this is
right, I should consider myself, or any man no
better qualified, presuming a great deal to ques-
tion his judgment of a practical question in his
profession, and scarcely less than criminal to op-
pose obstacles in the way of what he tells me will
protect the lives and property of our citizens—of
the millions who travel with their families, and
who transport their property by hundreds of mil-
lions on our great rivers.
For these reasons I take this bill as it is, be-
lieving it to be the best that can be made, and that
it is to confer great benefits upon the country in
which I reside. I, like many others, have a direct
personal interest in all this. I,, with my family,
have to travel upon our rivers for thousands of
miles. The life of myself and of my family is at
stake; and I am for availing myself of all the safe-
guards that can be thrown around me and mine,
and not only around me and mine, but around all
my constituents and fellow-citizens. I therefore
accept this bill not only with satisfaction, but
with feelings of the highest admiration and grati-
tude to those who have prepared it. I did hope
that it would have passed the body without a dis-
senting voice. ' I think the gratitude of the whole
country is due to its authors.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senate will pardon me for
saying thus publicly, in behalf of the committee,
and more especially of myself, that we feel under
the greatest obligation to all the gentlemen, both
captains of boats and engineers, who have ten-
dered their services here in obedience to instruc-
tions from their fellow-citizens, and who have
rendered the greatest possible aid to us in the
preparation of the bill.
, The question was taken, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
SALES OP RESERVED LANDS.
On the motion of Mr. FELCH, the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill " to authorize the sale of reserved
lands, and for other purposes."
It proposes to enact that in all cases where
lands have been or may hereafter be reserved for
military, naval, or other purposes, and when the
Secretary of the proper Department shall certify
that such lands are no longer required by the
Government for public purposes, the President of
the United States may cause the same to.be sold
under the laws which may be in force at the time
for the disposal of public lands, or under such
special regulations as he may prescribe: Provided,
however, That no preemption right shall attach to
any such lands. The second section provides that
where improvements have been or may be made
on any lands, by societies or individuals, under
the authority of the Government, such societies
or individuals shall be entitled to a preemption to
the tracts of land so improved by them, at the
then minimum price, not exceeding in extent the
quantity of a quarter section: Provided, however,
That when two or more such societies or individ-
uals may have improved the same tr^ct pf land,
and it cannot be divided so as to secure UTThem
their respective improvements, they shall be per-
mitted to enter the same, each in proportion to
the extent and value of his improvement, and the
patent shall issue for the whole tract, describing
the interest of each therein.
Mr. FELCH. The object of this bill is to
cause the sales of reserved lands, when the reser-
vation shall be removed, to be made in the same
manner as sales of other public lands of the Uni-
ted States are now made, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior. At the present time
lands which are reserved for military purposes are
subject to -sale only by the Secretary of War—
those reserved for naval purposes only by the Sec-
retary of the Navy. This occasions  very great
inconvenience, and both Departments have joined
