1744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July X2.
tion to* offer the amendments, if the previous ques-
tion is to be pressed.
Mr. DISNEY. Will the gentleman, from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb] allow me a woird ? i ■
Mr. COBB. . 1 yield for the purpose of- admit-
ting all amendments.'
Mr. BROOKS. 1 have the floor, X believe, for
the purpose of submitting my amendments. An-
other amendment I propose tp submit to that sec-
tion is, to strike out the last .paragraph, which
reads as follows:
" The postage upon all printed mailable matter shall be
prepaid, either at the office where it is mailed, or at the
office of delivery, otherwise double the foregoing rates
shall be charged thereon; all transient printed matter shall
be deemed unpaid, unless paid at the office where it is
mailed."
If these amendments prevail, or do not prevail,
I purpose to submit a substitute for the entire
section.
The SPEAKER. Notice only of these amend-
ments can now be in order.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to notify the House,
in the same manner, that I want to offer an
amendment to the bill. It is a provision requiring
that in all cases of the publication of uncalled-for
letters in the Grerman language, it shall be the duty
of the Postmaster General to cause suth publica-
tion to be made in the German newspaper having
the largest circulation in that vicinage, and in all
respects to be governed by the law in relation to
the publication of uncalled-for letters in the Eng-
lish language.
Mr. COBB. I now call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN. Will the gentleman yield
a moment to me ?
Mr. COBB. To make a speech ?
Mr. WASHBURN. No, sir, only a remark,
and I will renew the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COBB. I yield.
Mr. WASHBURN. I think the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] misapprehends the op-
eration of the amendment wjiich 1 proposed. The
bill, as it originally stood, provides that all papers
weighing not over two ounces shall be sent any
distance short of three thousand miles at a post-
age of one cent. Then there was a provision that
papers weighing not over an ounce should be sent
for one half that sum. The consequence was to
bring about the very evils which the gentleman
complained of—that it is a discrimination against
good papers, and in favor of the poorer papers
published in the cities, because the papers weigh-
ing not over an ounce, published in New York,
could be sent three thousand miles at a postage of
half a cent, when a local paper (as most of our
local papers weigh an ounce and a quarter) cannot
go forty miles without paying the postage of one
cent, or twice the amount that is paid upon the
paper sent from New York to St. Louis. It was in
order to discriminate in favor of good papers, and
to afford protection to the country papers, and en-
able them to support themselves, and stand up
against the most indifferent issues of the city press,
that I proposed the amendment I have offered.
I renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. 1IENN. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw the call t'orthe previous question, that I may
offer an amendment to the second section.
The SPEAKER. I must give notice to gentle-
men offering amendments, that if the previous
auestion is seconded and the main question or-
ered, it will cut off the propositions madtj by
them, there being an amendment now pending.
Mr. OLDS. By unanimous consent of the
House, cannot the amendments be admitted, that
a vote may be taken upon them ?
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I object to that.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to make an inquiry.
Did I understand the Chair to say that the pre-
vious question cuts off all the amendments sub-
mitted ?
The SPEAKER. All "of which notice only
has been given, as a matter of course.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the previous question
will not be seconded.
Mr. JONES. It only cuts off those amend-
ments which gentlemen gave notice they would
offer.
The SPEAKER. It does not cut off pending
amendments.
Mr. BROOKS. How many amendments are
pending ?
The SPEAKER. The pending amendment is
the -one offered by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn.]
Mr. BROOKS. But does it cut off the other
amendments of which notice has-been given ?
Mr. JONES-. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes a
proposition to amend, by way of a substitute, itis
perhaps in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I offer the amendment I have
sent to the,table as a substitute for the second sec-
tion, and I understand the Chair to decide that
that amendment; by way of a substitute, will be
in order to be voted upon.
The SPEAKER. It Will be.
The question .then being, "Shall the previous
question recent a second!"—
Mr. COBB demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Henn and Chandler were
appointed.
The House was then divided on the question,
and the tellers reported—ayes 80, noes not
counted.
So the previous question was seconded; and
the main question was then ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] to insert after the word
"rates," in the first section, what will be again
reported by the Clerk.
The amendment was again read, as follows:
Provided, That all newspapers and periodicals, not
weighing over two ounces, when sent to actual subscribers
within the State where such papers and periodicals are
published, shall be entitled to the i eduction piovided for in
this section.
Mr. WASHBURN. I demand tellers upon the
question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton, of
Tennessee, and Fowler appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 90, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The .question is now upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] by way of substitute
for the second section. It will be read.
The proposed amendment was read, as follows:
Stiike out the first section of the bill as amended, and
inseit the following in lieu thereof:
That from and alter the 39th day of September, 1852, the
postage upon all printed matter passing through tile mail of
the United States, instead of the rates now charged, shall
be as follows, to wit: Each newspaper, pamphlet, periodi-
cal, magazine, book, bound or unbound, circular, catalogue,
and every other description of printed matter, unconnected
with any manuscript or writing, and of no greater weight
than two and a haft ounces, shall be charged one half cent
postage, and one half cent tor each additional ounce, or
fraction of an ounce, for any distance under one thousand
miles, and for any distance over one thousand miles double
those rates. All newspapers published regulaily, and sent
from the office of publication to actual subscribers, not
weighing over one ounce, shall be charged one half of the
foregoing rates, when sent over one thousand miles.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would move an amend-
ment to that substitute, if it be in order—the same
as 1 offered to the original section.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order,
as the previous question has been called for, and
seconded.
Mr. FOWLER. I am persuaded the amend-
ment is not understood. If it will be in order, I
will ask that it be again read.
The amendment was again read, as above in-
serted.
Mr. BROOKS. It is simply a substitute to the
first section, and leaves the others as they were.
The question was then taken on the substitute
submitted by Mr. Brooks, and it was not agreed
to, the tellers having reported—ayes 38, noes not
counted.
Mr. SKELTON. I move a reconsideration of
the vote by which the substitute of the gentleman
from New York has been rejected, and upon that
motion will submit a few remarks.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order, the
previous question still operating.
Mr. SKELTON. I then withdraw the motion.
Mr. SACKETT. Is a substitute to the first
section now in order?
The SPEAKER. No amendment is now in
order except those pending, the main question
having been ordered to be put.
The second section of the bill was then read, as
follows:
" Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted. That books, hound
or unbound, not weighing over four posmds, shall be deemed
mailable patter, and all printed matter chargeable by weight
shall be weighed when dry. The publishers of newspapers
and periodicals may send to each other from their respective
offices of publication, free of postage, one copy of each pub-
lication ; and may also send to each actual subscriber, in-
closed in their publications, bills and receipts for the same,
free of postage. The publishers of weekly newspapers may
send to eacli actual subscriber within the county where
their papers are printed and published, one copy thereof
free of postage.""
Mr. HENN moved to amend the above section,
by adding the following, viz:
~ The presidents of universities, colleges, academies, and
of all scientific institutions, and also the Smithsonian Insti-
tution, may send by mail, free of postage, the printed copies
of any regular paper, pamphlet, or book published under
the authority of any such institution; and also the proof
sheets of sueh copies while the same are being published :
Provided, Such printed copies shall be distributed gratis.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be next
on the following amendment, by way of addition
to the second section:
" Without reference to the location of the post office of
delivery."
Mr. OLDS. That amendment is already pro-
vided for in the bill.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, to strike out the following section, and it
was agreed to:
"Sec. 3. Jlndbe it further enacted, That all laws or parts
.of laws incompatible with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed."
Mr. HENN. Was not the other amendments T
sent up to the Chair in order previous to the or-
dering of the main question to be put?
The SPEAKER. Notice was only given of
intention to offer the amendment. Objection was
made to have it considered, and such is the fate of
several other amendments proposed to be offered
by gentlemen this morning-.
The SPEAKER stated the question next to be
upon the following amendment of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, which was
taken and agreed to, viz:
10th amendment: Add the following additional sec-
tions :
Sec. 3. Jlndbe it further enacted, That no newspaper,
penodical, magazine, or other printed paper, or matter,
shall be entitled to be sent at the rates of postage in this act
specified, unless the following conditions be observed:
First, It shall be sent without any cover or wrapper, or
m a cover or wrapper open at the ends or sides, so that the
character of the matter contained therein may be determ-
ined without removing such wrapper.
Second. There shalf be no word or communication print-
ed on the same after its publication, or upon the cover or
wrapper thereof, nor any wilting or marks upon it, nor upon
the cover or wrapper theicof, except the name and address
of the person to whom it is to be sent.
Third. There shall be no paper or other thing inclosed in
or with sueh punted matter; and if these conditions are not
complied with, such printed matter shall be subject to letter
postage and all matter sent by mail from one part of tlm
United States to another, the postage of which is not fixed
by the provisions of this act, shall, unless the same be en-
titled to be sent free ot postage, he charged with letter post-
age.
fteu. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if the publisher
of any periodical, after being thiec months previously noti-
fied that his publication is not taken out of the office to
which it is sent for delivery, continue to forward such pub-
lication in the mail, the pustmabter to whose office such
publication is sent may dispose of the same for the postage,
unless the publisher shall pay it; and whenever any printed
matter ot any description, received during one quarter of
the fiscal year, sliall have remained in the office without
being called for during the whole of any succeeding quarter,
the postmaster at such office shall sell the same and credit
the proceeds of such sale in ins quarteiiy accounts, under
such regulations and after such notice as the Post Office
Department shall prescribe.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much of the
second section of the act entitled "An act to mo&fy and
reduce the rates of postage in the United States^nid for
other purposes," approved March 3d, 1851, as relates to the
postage or free circulation or^transmission of newspapers,
periodicals, and other printed matter, and all other provis-
ions of law inconsistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed.
The question was stated to be next on the fol-
lowing amendment, submitted by Mr. Disney, to
be added-at the end of the bill:
Jhid be it further enacted, in all eases of publication of
the uncalled for German letters, it shall be the duty of the
Postmaster General to cause such publication to be made
in the German newspaper having the largest circulation in
the vicinage, such publication to be governed in every re-
spect by the provisions of the law in relation to the publi-
cation ef uncalled for letters in the English iauguage.
Mr. BELL. I wish to make an inquiry of the
chairman of the committee which reported this
bill.
