THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS jg!3 FOR T.HIS
SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 14, 1852.
The SPEAKER. Only by the consent of the
House can the inquiry be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. BELL. I wish to inquire whether the
construction of that section would not require all
German leiters to be published in some German
newspaper?
Mr. OLDS. This is not an amendment re-
ported by the committee at all, but by my col-
league, [Mr. Disney.]
Mr. DISNEY. The amendment only affirms
what 1 believe now to be the existing law. it is
for the publication of uncalled for German letters
in the German paper having the largest circulation
near the post office in which the letters are.
Mr. BELL. Suppose there is no German
newspaper printed in the county where there are
German letters in the post office?
Mr. DISNEY. By existing law, the Postmas-
ter General has the discretion to determine whether
the publication of them shall or shall not be. The
'amendment provides that in the publication of
uncalled for German letters, he shall be governed
by the provisions of the general law in relation to
the publication of uncalled for letters in the Eng-
lish language- I repeat, I have no doubt such a
provision is in the existing law as would author-
ize what f now hope by my amendment to accom-
plish, but the Postmaster General in his wisdom
thinks differently.
Mr. PHELPS. Will it be in order to call for
the reading of the existing law upon the subject."
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The question was put on the amendment, and
ypon a division there were—ayes 40 
Mr. DISNEY demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. CLUJTGjMAN*. Believing this bill will
make the existing law wor.se, I move to lay it
upon the table, and 1 trust my motion may be
agreed to.
Mr OLDS demanded the yeas and nays: which
were ordered.
The bill, as amended, reads as follows:
Be it enacted, -Vc., That from and after the thirtieth day
of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, the po&tage upon
all printed matter passing through the mail of the'United
States, instead of the rates now charged, shall be as follows,
to wit: Each newspaper, pamphlet, periodical, magazine,
book, bound or unbound, circular, catalogue, and every
other description of printed matter unconnected with any
manuscript or writing, and of no greater weight than two
ounces, shall be charged with one cent postage, and one
cent for each additional ounce, or fraction of an ounce, for
any distance «uul«i thiee thousand miles; and for any dis-
tance over three thousand miles, double those rates : Pro-
vided, That all newspapers and periodicals not weighing
over two ounces when sent to actual subscribers within
the £tate where such papers and periodicals are published,
shall be entitled to the reduction provided m this section.
All newspapers and periodicals not weighing over one
ounce, published regularly as often as once in three months,
and sent from the office of publication to actual subscribers,
bhall be chargeable with only one half the foregoing iates.
The postage upon all printed mailable matter shall bp pre-
paid at the office where it is mailed, or paid quarterly in ad-
vance at the office of delivery; otherwise double the lore-
going rates shall be charged thereon.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That books, bound or
unbound, not weighing over four pounds, shall be deemed
mailable mattei, and all printed matter chargeable by weight
. ahull he weighed when dry. The publishers of newapapers
and periodicals may send to each other, from then respect- i
ive oflice< of publication, free of postage, one copj of each
publication ; and mav nlc-o send to each actual subscriber,
inclosed in their publications, bills and receipts for the
same, free of postage. The puhhsheis of weekly newspa-
pers may send to each actual subscriber within the county
where the papers are punted and published, one copy
thereof free of postage.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no newspaper,
periodical, magazine, or other printed paper, or matter,
shall be entitled to be sent at the rates of postage in this act
specified, unless the following conditions be observed:
First, it shall be sent without any cover or wrapper, or
in a cover or vvrappei open at the ends or sides, so that the
character ofthe matter contained therein may be determined
without removing such wrapper.
Sccond, There shall be no word or communication print-
ed on the same after its publication, or upon the cover or
wrappei theieof, norany writing or marks upon it, nor upou
the cover or wrapper thereof, except the name and address
■of the person to whom it id to be sent.
Third, There shall he no paper or other thing inclosed in
or with such piinted paper; and if these conditions are not
complied with, such punted matter shall be subject to letter
postage ; and all matter sent by mail from one part of the
United States to another, the postage of wiiick is not fixed
110
New Series No. 110.
by the provisions of this act, shall, unless the same be en-
titled to be sent free of postage, be charged with letter post-
age
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted^ That if the pub- t
fisher of any periodical, after being three months previously
notified that lus publication is not taken out ofthe office to
winch it is sent lor delivery, continue to lorward such pub-
lication in the mail, the postmaster to whose office such
pubheauon is sent may dispose ot the fcame for the postage,
unless the publisher shall pay it; and whenever any print-
ed matter ot any description, received during one quarter
ol the fiscal year, t-hall have remained in the office without
being called for during the whole of any succeeding quar-
ter, the postmaster at such office shall sell the same and
ciedit the proceeds of such sale in his quaaerly accounts,
under such regulations and alter such notice as the I'oai
Olnce Department shall prescribe.
&ec. 5. And be it further enacted, That so much ofthe
second section ofthe act entitled •' An ac! to modify and re-
duce the rates ol po.-tage in the FJnited States and lor other
purposes," appioved March 3d, 1851, as relates to the post-
age orfiee cumulation or transmission of newspapers, pe-
riodicals, and other printed matter, and all other provisions
ol law inconsistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay upon the table, and it was disagreed to-
23, nays 148; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombic, Charles Allen, Ashe,
Thomas ii. Bayly, Bowne, Joan H. Boyd, Brig^s, Brooks,
George H. Brown, Bui lows, Chandler, Uingman, Haws,
James Johnson, George W. Jone:>, Heurv 1). Moore, John
Moore, Morehead, Schermerhorn, Alexander H. Stephens,
Sutherlandj Wallace, and Williams—23.
NAiTS—Mes&is. Allison, William Appleton, Averett,
David J. Bailey, £arrere, Beale, Bell, Bibighau*, Bi^ell,
Bocock, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Buell, Buit, Bu*by.
niick, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee.
■kae-tiuau, iidgerton, Edmund.-on, Faulkner, Florence!
Fowler, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord,
Gentry, Giddmgs, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gounan, Green,
Grow, Hamilton, Hammond, Harper, Ishain G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Hatt, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hib-
bard, Holladay, Iiorsiord, Houston, Howard, John W.
Howe, TnomasM. liowe, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, liiger-
soil, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, A. Johnson, John Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Preston King, Kutme,
Kurtz, Landry, Letcher, Mace, Maun, Edward C. Mar-
shall, Marun, McCoikle, McLanahan, McMullin, Mc-
Queen, MilUon, Moiony, Morrison, Munay, Nabeis, New-
ton, Olds, Ort, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker,Pea^ee,
Penn, Perkins, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Price, Rantoul,
lieed, Richaidson, Riddle, Robbing, Robie, Robinson, Rus-
sell, Saekett, Sclioolcia.it, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Ou-
gen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Smith, Snow, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan
ton, Abraham P. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, St.
Martin, Stuart, Sweeiser, Taylor. Thurston, Towmhend,
Veuable, Walbridge, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch,
Wilcox, Woodward, and Yates—146.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has not the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 then move the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GENTRY. I will ask the gentleman from
Alabama to withdraw his motion for a moment,
that I may introduce the resolution to which 1
have alluded this morning, its consideration will
not occupy live minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON, i cannot.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man will not withdraw his motion for my col-
league's resolution, probably he will for the one I
hold in my hand.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I withdraw for one, I
shall have to for the introduction of resolutions by
gentlemen all around me. Members in all parts
of the Hall are pressing me to go on with the
public business. [Cries of " liold on to your
motion!" (t Hold on to your motion 1"] The
deficiency bill should be now passed into law, if
it is to be at all.
PRINTING.
Mr. GORMAN. I think it is in order for the
Committee on Printing to report at any time. I
now ask to make a report from that Committee,
and to move that it be made the special order for
Thursday next, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the motion I have
submitted, being also a privileged motion, should
be first put.
Mr. GORMAN. Gentlemen can have no ob-
jection to my making a. report, and moving it ibe
a special order for some future day.
Mr, HOUSTON, I object to any special order
being made, unless the appropriation bills can also
be made special.orders.
Mr. GORMAN. I will make this remark with
the leave of the Chair. It seems to me if the rule
with regard to reports from the Committee on
Printing means anything, it means-lean makea
report at any time. The privileged motion of the
gentleman, it occurs to me, only takes precedence
in contradistinction to ordinary motions. His
motion will be pending, and come up immediately
after my report has been submitted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
will recoUect that the language employed is the
same ^in both cases. It is always in order to go
into Committee, and it is always in order for the
Committee on Printing to report. The proposi*
tion was first made to suspend the rules, which is
a privileged motion, and in the opinion of the
Chhir, must be first put. The question will be
first taken on the motion to £0 into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANLY. Is it in order to move a sus-
pension of the rules for any other purpose than
to go into Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. STANLY. I would suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on Ways and Means to
move to suspend the rule allowing five minutes
debate on the balance of the deficiency bill. Un-
less he does the discussion will continue two weeks
longer,
Mr. HOUSTON. It is very evident from the
contest on both sides, that it will be useless to
make the effort. It is tolerably close between the
parties. Several on this side of the House state
they will labor to get a vote to-day, which £ hope
we may.
[Cries of « That's right!" « That's right!"] •
The question was then taken on the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
and it was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL—COttWS LINE.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state ofthe Union,
(Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is the Senate amendment to House bill
No. 207. The pending question is on concurring
with the firstsubdivision of the Senate amendment
in reference to the appropriation for the Collins
line, as follows:
"For additional compensation foi increasing the trans-
portation of the United Statesman between New York and
Liverpool, in the Collins line of steamers, to twenty-six
trips per annum, at such times as shall be directed by the
Postmaster General, and 111 conformity to Iris Inst annual
report to Congress, ajnd his letter of the 15th of November
List to the Secretary of the Navy, commencing said in-
creased service on the fir&t of January, 1852, at the rate
of $33,000 per trip, in h«u of the present allowance, the
sum of $236,500."
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I desire an
opportunity may be afforded to the honorablegen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] to correct a
statistical statement he made the other day with
reference to this subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to order.
I intend to aid in enforcing the rules of the House.
Mr. MEADE. I ask, before any vote be taken,
unanimous consent of the House to make a per-
sonal explanation which will take about three
minutes,
[Cries of " Go on !" " Go on!"]
Mr. MEADE. I stated in my speech on Sat-
urday, that the receipts of the Collins line for the
ast two years were about $2,900,000, and I quo-
ted the report of the committee of the Senate, made
by Mr. Rusk, which had been laid upon our
tables by the friends of that -line, and of course I
thought it was correct, or they would not have
submitted it to us. It is true I had in my posses-
sion means by which the error I fell into might
have been detected, but not suspecting, I did r**t
advert to the documents which 1 had. Since my
remarks on Saturday were made, Mr. Rusk, the
