1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
chairman of that committee, has had his atten-
tion calleij, to the fact, and has addressed me-a
letter, in which he refers me to the error which
the report contains. The error is this, that he
has included in the receipts of that company, m
the last two years, mail pay, ^770,000 twice,
making it thus upwards of $1,500,000 paid to that
company instead of the $770,000. I based my
remarks upon the amount of receipts as stated by
the report of the Senate committee. Hence I am
not responsible for the error into which I fell, and
the deduction which I drew from the report, ad-
mitting that it was true, was perfectly legitimate.
I ask that the letter addressed to me by Mr.
Rusk may be read by the Clerk.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object to the
reading of the letter.
Mr. MEADE. I will read the letter myself
then:
, Washington, July 11,1852.
Dear Sir : I have understood that in a speech made by
you yesterday, in the House of Representatives, to prove
that the Collius line weie making, instead of losing money,
you quoted the following passage from a report recently
made by me to the Senate:
" These ships cost, when ready for sea, in cash, $2,944,-
142 76, or ati average or' $736,035 67 each.
" They have made forty-one voyages between New York
and Liverpool, at an average expense of §65,212 64 per
Voyage, making, in all, the sum of ,$2,673,841 24, which,
when added to the cost of the ships, say $2,944,142 76,
mak'es the entire amount of money expended, ^5,617,9S4.
"On the other hand, the average receipts of the com-
pany, per voyage, have been, as stated, $48,286 85, or, in
all, $>1,979,760 85; amount advanced, $208,000, and amount
paid for two years mail service, $770,000, making the total
receipts from all sources, $2,9.57.760 85."
On looking over this, I see that a mistake has been made
by inserting the amount paid by the Government twice.
The amount received by them from the Government was
• included in the $48,286 85 average receipts per voyage, and
should not have been again added;9so that the receipts
from all sources were $1,979,760 85, as first stated, m place
of .$2,957,760 85, as arrived at by the error of adding the
amount paid by the Government to the line a second time,
as you will peiceive inotech-aily by reference to the state-
ment of Mr. Youle, which is as follows:
. New York and Liverpool U. S. M. S. S. Co.,
No. 55 Wall Strkbt, New York, De&ember 15, 1851.
Statement showing the actual expenses and receipts of
the fir-st twenty-eight voyages of the New York and Liver-
pool United .States mail steamships, Atlantic, Pacific,
Arctic, and Baltic:
JExpenses, Wages of Crew, and Provisions for same.
Average of each voyage, as above  $8,845-04
Fuel do do do   8,612 28
Repairs to machinery, do do     4,571 90
l)o do extras, average as above.. 4,613 00
Ordinary expenses, including caipenters and
joiners, poi t charges, sailmakers. light and dock
dues, passengers' piovisions and waiters, and
other necessaries, aveiage as above  12,762 73
Insuianee, average on above voyages  8,904 64
Interest, do do do   8,438 00
Deterioration at seven per cent, per annum on do. 8,438 00
Total $65^215 59
Receipts.
Passage money, average as above.... $21,292 65
Freights do    7,744 20
Mail money from Govei nmcnt do.... 3 9,250 00
  48,286 85
Deficiency average, per voyage $16,928 74
Mr. William L. Youle, Secretary of* the New York and
Livupoul United States Mail rtteamship Company, swears
that he is not interested in said company, arid that the fore-
going btatcment is ti ue.
You will do mo a tavor, winch will be but an net of jus-
tice to tho partus, if you will present this explanation to
the House. Very truly yours, THO. J. RUSK.
Hon R. K. Mka.de.
[Here the hammer fell/}
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question while he is making; a personal expla-
nation.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's five
minutes have expired, and he has "no right to make
further explanation.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman in the same
speech, has set down 
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The genfleman's time
have expired, and the gentleman from Alabama is
out of order.
Mr. OLDS. I propose to strike out the Senate
amendment in regard to the Collins line, and in-
sert what I send to the Chair.
The amendment was then read by the Clerk,
as follows:
"That the Postmaster General be authorized and re-
quired, with the assent of E K. Collin* & Co., to advertise
for proposals to'ranspnit the United States mail between
the city of New Y or*, North America, and Liverpool,Eng-
land, for the period of four years, from and after the 1st of
January next, jn seini-roonthly trips, in American first class
ocean steamers, the schedule" time to be equal to that now
made by the Collins line of steamers, and at all times to be
equal'to the time made by the British Ounard line; and
that the contract be awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der j said bidder to be an American citizen."
It hus been urged here, tiiat Mr. Collins has a
bad contract for the transportation of the mail.
Mr. EVANS. I rise to a point of order. That
is the same amendment whic-n was offered on yes-
terday.
Mr. OLDS. That is not the same amendment.
It hag been urged that Mr. Collins has a bad eon-
tract for carrying the mail. This may or may
not be so. 1 am friendly to E. K. Collins, and
am disposed to do himjustice. Itis true, that if one
of my constituents,, or yours, Mr. Chairman, had
made a bad contract for the transportation of the
mail, the Government would hold him to the bond.
One of my constituents contracted to carry the mail
from Zanesvillt^ Ohio, to Maysville, Kentucky,
and, like Mr. Co4Uns, he made a bad bargain, and
failed. What was the consequence? The Post
Office Department comifienced a suit against his
sureties. I have been negotiating for a compro-
mise, and have just completed an arrangement, by
which the sureties of my constituent pay $2,500 to
be released from the bond. Now, sir, 1 am willing
to release Mr. Collins from his bond, without dam-
ages or prejudice. I do not wish to hold him to a
bad bargain, and I am willing that he should
have -the opportunity, not only of relinquishing
and giving up this bargain, but also of being a
bidder again. Surely, this is "giving over all com-
petition. My amendment requires first class
steamers for the transportation of this mail. Col-
lins has such steamers already for the service.
This gives him a most decided preference over any
other person. If he has a bad bargain, I do for
him what the Government would not do for my
constituent. I am willing to relieve him from a
bad contract, and then suffer him to come in and
compete for the contract again, the same as any
other American citizen. -
I meet the objections of those who say that we
are upon the British side, because I exclude Brit-
ish competition. I require the steamers to be
American steamers, and the bidder to be an Amer-
ican citizen. What can they ask more than this ?
Is it not doing full justice to Collins & Co.? I
warn E. K. Collins & Co. not to relinquish this
contract without a second thought. One of the
largest steamboat owners and builders in the Uni-
ted States—a gentleman of great experience, and
who "has a memorial before the Post Office Commit-
tee for the transportation of the mail upon ocean
steamers between New York and San Francisco,
said to me that he would give Collins & Co.
$200,000 for their contract to transport this mail
for the balance of their time, if he could get their
contract without taking their steamers. - The con-
tract, then, is a good one, and my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Mason] was right m supposing
that this enormous appropriation was for rose-
wood and mirrors, and not for the mail service of
the country.
The whole truth is, these steamers are extrav-
agantly and gorgeously furnished; they are, in
fact, floating palaces, too extravagant to be profit-
able to the owners, unless, by this appropriation,
the people can be compelled to foot the bill.
Mr. HART. I would like to inquire if the
gentleman has made a calculation how much the
Cunard steamers cost?
Mr. OLDS. I have nothing to do with the
Cunarders. I am as much of an American citizen
as the geutleman from New York, [Mr. Hart,]
and I have gone as far as he dare go, for I have
excluded British •competition, and required the
bidder to be an American citizen. What ou°-ht
Collins to ask more than this? Have I not done
him full justice? If he has a hard contract and a
hard bargain, let him throw it up. The Govern-
ment would not let my constituent do it, hut com-
pelled his sureties to pay the penalty of the bond.
Notwith&tand'ng this, I would let Mr. Collins .
throw up his contract, and bid again. All he has
to do is to enter into competition with other
American citizens, and not British. I warn him,
however, that there are American citizens enough
ready to take this contract. He need not fear
British competition.' But let him beware of the
enterprising Yankees, who, will beat the British
in this, as they 'have done in everything else I
repeat, sir, give, the Yankees half a chance, and
they will beat the British, and give them four in
the game.
Mr. EVANS addressed the committee during
five minutes, in opposition to the amendment.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Old s—
Mr. NABERS called for tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Fuller, of Maine, and
Stanton, of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported—
ayes (>6, noes 75.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred upon agreeingto the first
branch of the clause appropriating to the Collins
line.
; Mr. HOUSTON demanded tellers; which were
: ordered, and, Messrs. Stanton, of Tennessee, and
Fuller were appointed.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative—ayes 84, noes 73.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The second clause of the twenty-fourth amend-
ment of the Senate was then adopted, as follows:
" Provided, That it shall be in the power of Congress, at
any time after the 31st day of December, 1854, to terminate
the arrangement for the additional allowance herein pro-
vided for, upon giving six months' notice."
The second clause of the twenty-fifth amend-
ment of the Senate was read, as follows:
" For defraying the expenses of the supreme, circuit, and
district courts of the United States, including the District
of Columbia; also for jurors and witnesses, in aid of the
funds aming from fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred
in the fiscal year ending June 30, 1852, and previous years,
and likewise for defraying the expenses of suits in which
the United States are concerned, and of prosecutions for
offenses committed against the United States, and for the
apprehension and safe keeping of prisoners, in addition to
former appropriations, $90,000: Provided, That no officer
of the United States, who is m attendance upon any court
of the United States, in the discharge of the duties of said
office, shall receive any pay or compensation forhisattend-
ance as a witness on behalf of the Government, at the same
time he receives compensation as such'olScer."
Mr. GrIDDINGS. I move to strike out that
clause. I do so for no other purpose than to call
upon the chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means for information as to what amount of
the sum therein contemplated to be'"granted, was
made for the prosecution of those persons in Phil-
adelphia, and in Boston, who were accused of
violating the fugitive slave law. I wish him also
to state, if he is possessed of the information, the
amount of this appropriation paid for capturing
fugitive slaves. 1 make the inquiry, in order to
place this matter before the country, and to give
this information to the people. I wish it to be
distinctly understood, that my object is to call
upon the committee for this definite information;
and I will say that it is because we have not been
permitted to offer resolutions here, calling for the
information that I am now constrained to ask of
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means. During the entire session, by the evasion
of the old and formal rules of the House, we have
had no opportunity to bring resolutions before the
House to call for this information. "We have been,
unable to do it, and we have no other means of
bringing it before the country, but by calling upon
the chairman of this committee to give us all the
information which he may possess.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman's question is
specific, and I have no information upon that pre-
cise question. lean say this, however, that in
the prosecutions for violation of the neutrality
j laws in Louisiana and other points, and also for
' the expenses of recapturing fugitive slaves, there
are some §30,000 estimated as having been ab-
sorbed of the appropriationsthat were made under
this head of expenditure.
Mr. GIDDTNGS. Will the gentleman state
the amount paid for the recapture of fugitive slaves,
aside from the other?
Mr. HOUSTON. [ cannot do it, because I have
not the information with me. It was not furnished
to the committee.
Mr. GrIDDINGS. Will the gentleman explain
i to us and the country, why this information was
j suppressed ?
I Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know whether the
information has been intentionally suppressed or
not. If I had it I would disclose it atonce. 1 te-
gard it as wholly unimportant. If it amounted
to $100,000 I would not hesitate to say so. I will,
however, read what was furnished to the Com-
