8^2
the congressional globe.
March 26,
principle, that this bill will pass. For the same
reasons, however, which has governed ipe in my
■votes on questions involving the same principle
heretofore, I shall have to vote against this bill.
The conviction, therefore, that it will pass, makes
it the more proper, on my own account, to state
the reasons Of my vote.
As an appeal to my feelings, sir, the bill is very
strong; and if I felt at liberty to consult my feel-
ings alone, in appropriating the public money, I
would not hesitate to vote for it. But I think this
is a purpose for which we have not the power or
authority to make an appropriation of money.
The amount is small, it is true; but for that very
reason, the propriety becomes the greater, and the
duty the more imperative, to scrutinize closely the
principle upon which the grant is to be made; for
the history of all governments, and all other insti-
tutions, shows that abuses begin and first find a
lodgment in the rules of action, by means of small
things. By such means, plausibly used, and aided
by appeals to feeling, the judgment is lulled to
sleep, and the barriers of principle overleaped or
broken down. Whereas, when the disregard or
violation of principle presents itself in an enlarged
form, and with strongly marked features, the at-
tention is at once, and by force, arrested, and an
investigation follows, which ascertains the truth
in all its relations and bearings. As Franklin said
of money, " take care of small amounts; large
ones will take care of themselves." But, under
the humble pretense of small things, we are often
persuaded to commit ourselves to a principle, or
rather a disregard of principle, which will rise up
before us, and startle and amaze us, perhaps the
very next day, as precedents which, with remorse-
less grasp, drag us to the support of measures,
which, at the outset, would have driven us back
in amazement and abhorrence; justifying us, too,
upon a sophism to which the desire for consistency
makes us but too willing to resort. The violation
of principle, however, and the mischief we are thus
led to commit, being none the Jess culpable, none
the less enduring in its consequences because of
the smaller or greater amount of money ill its per-
petration. The principle of action is the same, and
the pernicious consequences are none the less to
be deplored—although the more readily incurred—
whether the actual amount of money, in the one
case or the other, be one dollar or one million of
dollars.
I would vote for a proposition, to-morrow, to
repeal all laws levying duties upon imports; and
adopting a new system for raising the money to
pay the necessary expenses of this Government.
One reason for doing so is, that such a system
as could be adopted, would not operate unequally
upon different sections or citizens of the country.
This bill, small as it is, does, to its amount, con-
tribute to the inequality of the present system, to
which I now object, and from which I would glad-
ly relieve the country; because it sets up a discrim-
ination, by means of which one class is compelled
to contribute to the advantage of another; or rath-
er, in this instance, where all others are forced to
pay tribute to one.
Wow, I am no sectarian religionist. 1 am not a
member of any religious society; 1 tolerate all, and
respect all; but I cannot shut my eyes to the fact
that if I vote for such a bill as this, 1 ally myself
at once with a certain sect and denomination—a cer-
tain ecclesiastical organization, at the expense (no
matter whether the amount be small or great) of
every other sect or organization. We know that
the several religious denominations of this country
has each its different customs, as well in matters
of ceremony and costume as in those of creed and
doctrine. Some have customs which require pa-
rade and pageantry, and gorgeous vestments,
while others reject and repudiate them, as not only
unnecessary, but as positively wrong. The former
get the advantages of all such measures as this;
while the latter are necessarily excluded; and yet
the latter are required, under the bill, to pay just
what the former receive. For these reasons I shall
vote against this bill.
Mr. DOWNS. I will vote for this bill very
cheerfully, and for all other bills of a similar kind
before the Senate. I have none of the scruples
that some gentlemen appear to feel, nor do I con-
sider it a gratuity or appropriation of money to
this society or religious institution; but as a sim-
ple exercise of that power which this and all other
Governments, have a right to exercise, and do ex-
ercise, of selecting suck objects as they choose to
tax, and such as they do not choose to tax.
We have pursued this course in all our history.
In all our tariff laws, there are certain articles
which have been exempted from duty.
I would have preferred that the amendment of
the Senator from Maryland, involving the general
principle, should have been adopted; but I under-
stand that this bill, granting an exemption from
duty in particular cases, amounts to nearly the
same thing. I do not see that this bill proposes
any grant, or any preference of one denomination
over another. I should be unwilling to vote for
it, if it did. But it is a mere exercise of the power
that the Government has assumed twenty times, or
more, in the cases already referred to. As may be
seen by a reference to the statute-books, these arti-
cles ought to be, and are, exempt from taxation;
and all that we mean to say now is, that these reli-
gious institutions, seminaries of learning, benevo-
lent societies, and other similar establishments,
ought to be permitted by the Government, ;n the
exercise of a sound discretion, to import articles
of the kind referred to, free of taxation. 1 hope,
therefore, Mr. President, that the bill will pass,
and all bills involving the same principle.
I am very glad that it has been brought before
the Senate, as there are several bills of a similar
nature, which have been reported on adversely by
the Committee on Finance.
I cannot see the distinction made by the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, which induces him to say
that this bill gives a preference to one religious
denomination over another. It does not appear
so to me. I do not confine it to any particular re-
ligious denomination. I am willing to extend the
principle equally to all. They may not all have
their vestments, but they may have their monu-
ments, their statuary, their bibles, their religious
books, and twenty other things, as well as the
Catholics; 1 think, therefore, that it was a very
far stretched idea to say that the bill gives a prefer-
ence to the Catholic religion.
I would not only vote for the principle as appli-
cable to religious societies of all denominations,
but also as applicable to seminaries of learning.
The whole question is, whether it is a matter of
public expediency and propriety that the Govern-
ment should exact import duties on these particu-
lar articles. The Government has decided hereto-
fore that it was not; and I do not see why, at this
time, when the Treasury is overflowing with
money to the amount of nearly $50,000,000, we
should adopt a different rule from that which was
acted upon when the necessities of the country
and the Government where much greater.
Mr. BORLAND. I have another word to say.
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Downs] suggest-
ted as one reason why we should hesitate the less
to make grants such as this bill provides, that we
have an overflowing Treasury. If that be the
doctrine, sir; if because we have §50,000,000 of
the people's money, drawn from them by taxa-
tion , and yielded by them for no other purpose
than to pay the necessary expenses of this Gov-
ernment, we may amuse our fancy, or gratify our
feelings, by making grants of liberality, and do-
nations of gratitude, I think the Government is,
indeed, far on the way, and in full career to ruin.
Such a condition of the Treasury makes to my mind
a far different,indeed the very oppositesuggestion.
An overflowing Treasury is, in my judgment, an
overwhelming evil, which cannot, for a moment
longer than may be indispensable, be permitted to
continue without injustice to the people, and dan-
ger to the Government. But, sir, gratuitous dona-
tions, liberal grants without authority of the Con-
stitution, are not the remedies which can be right-
fully or safely applied to the cure of so great an
evil. On the contrary, I would strike the evil at
the root, that is, I would reduce the taxes; aye, sir,
reduce them so low that no surplus over and above
the necessary wants of a truly economical admin-
istration of the Government. There should be no
surplus to make gratuities of, or to be liberal with.
And thus would I not only relieve the tax-paying
people of a burden, but keep far away from their
representatives here, all inducement which an
overflowing Treasury so temptingly furnishes to
engage in expenditures alike unlawful in them-
selves, subversive of good principles, and per-
nicious to the country. And this I hold to be the
true Democratic doctrine. It is at least the doctrine
which governs me.
Mr. DOWNS. Viewing this subject as the
Senator from Arkansas does, his argument may
be a very good one; but in my opinion, a3 I view
the question, it does not apply at all. I do not
view it as a gratuity, but simply the exercise of
the power which we have to say upon what arti-
cles a tax shall not be paid. When we have a
full treasury that is some reason why we should
not add new taxes, and why we should reduce
taxation. The object of taxation is to raise funds
for the purposeof carrying on the Government;
and, if we have ample means to do this, I think it
a very good reason why some few articles should
be exempted from taxation, especially when the
application is made by those who are so much in
need of it ?
Mr. DAWSON. Will the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Finance be good enough to
inform me what is the amount of duties which
it is proposed to remit by this bill?
Mr. HUNTER. It is very small. There is
no estimate accompanying the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. Some ten or fifteen dollars,
I suppose?
The PRESIDENT. It is forty-five dollars.
Mr. DAWSON. The sum is so small, it is
not worth while to debate about it. If I could, I
would move the previous ques-tion.
Mr. MASON. With all respect to the opinion
of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] I do
not think the amount enters into the question of
the propriety of the remission of the duty, in any
manner whatever. I do not intend to say any-
thing with regard to the last suggestion, however.
But I will remark, that if there be any duty in-
cumbent upon this Government, more than an-
other, it is to keep itself entirely free from, and
disconnected with any of the sects or religious de-
nominations in this country. It is not to enable
one sect of any particular kind or description, to
ask aid or contributions, in any form or shape.
I hold that the Government should be kept per-
fectly free from the religion of the country.
Now, what is this? It is a direct grant; a di-
rect contribution of money, as much so as ifit were
taken out of the Treasury. It is said that itought
to be extended to all alike. These are vestments
of the priesthood, which, I suppose, are so expen-
sive in their character, that the duties upon them
are greater than this institution chooses to pay.
There are other institutions, which have none of
these vestments. And in that respect, there are
some who plume themselves, and I think justly,
upon their exceeding plainness. They therefore
are not in a condition to come here, and ask for
such aid. And if we give to one sect which does
ask it, while others will not ask it, we show a pref-
erence; and even if the amount granted were but
a dollar, it would be a preference, involving an im-
portant principle.
Mr. HALE. I had such poor luck in the sug-
gestion made to the Senator from Maryland, that
I had almost determined not to say another word
upon the subject; but it has now assumed a dif-
ferent position, to which I mean to address myself
for a few moments. This is a proposition involv-
ing nothing more nor less than a donation from
the public Treasury to an association for a speci-
fied purpose. The purpose may be good. That
is a question I do not inquire into; nor will I doubt
it. I do not doubt either that it will agree with
the religious convictions of those who ask it; but
we should bear in mind that there are different in-
dividuals entertaining very different convictions,
who are looking to the promotion of the grand
ends of morality and religion by different chan-
nels, by different means, and by different opera-
tions; and these individuals hold the different
channels, and different means, and different opera-
tions which they employ just as sacred as do those
persons who are asking this donation. Now, if
those other persons should come to us, asking for
like charities, and like relief from taxation, what
shall we say to them ? How are we to discrim-
inate? Let me put a case, and let me put it to the
Senator from Florida, who is so prompt to make
this donation from the Government. There are, Mr.
President, associations of females—pious females—
poor females—not bound by a vow to be poor, but
poorin opposition totheireffortstomakethemselves
a little better off—poor females in some sections of
the country that are laboring earnestly to bring
about a reform which they consider is quite as
much a religious duty to be brought about as others
