1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1747
mittee on Ways and Means, by Mr. Whittlesey,
the Comptroller of the Treasury, through the
Secretary of the Treasury, upon the subject, and
then the gentleman will possess alt the information
I do:
Sir: fn pursuance of your reference to me of House bill
No. 146, reporter] by Mr. McLanahan from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, January 29, J652, to regulate the fees
and cos ts to be allowed officers of the Federal courts, with a
note indorsed thereon by Mr. Houston, chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means, requesting you to examine
tlie bill, and make estimates based upon it, stating as near-
ly as may be how much should be appropriated, in case
that bill should become a law, I have to report, that J have
examined tiie subject, and submit the result of my examin-
ation and opinion, a- lollows:
The amou nt drawn for expenses of courts, during the year
ending JuiieoO, 1851, ovei and above repayment-*, was
over.  feSid.000
Drawn from July 1st, 1851, to this date, over,  548 UUO
Balance now to theciedit of that fund, about ... 6,000
And to the credit of fines, lorieitures, and penal-
tics, about    13,001)
During the present lisoal >eai the expense* have
been very much increased, probably .<$3:j,000 or
$40,00 by prosecutions growing out of the fu-
gitive s-Jave law in Massachusetts, NewYoik,
and Permsjlvania, and prosecutions in New
Yoik and Louisiana, for violations of neutrality
laws ; many of the bills for these extraordinary
expenses h.u'o not yet come in. Thoie will
piobably he needed from this time until the 30th
June, including those extraordinary expenses,
about  110,000
And if so, there will be a deficit of about  90,000
Tins large deficit wiJI occur notwithstanding the amounts
have been closely examined m thi* office, and my actional
an accounting officer ha* been complained of by some of
the marshals, clerks, and distuct attornevs, as extremely
rigid.
Mr. GIDDING8. I withdraw the motion, Mr.
Chairman.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the Sen-
ate amendment, and being put it was agreed to.
The third clause of the 25th amendment coming
up next in order, was read by the Clerk as fol-
lows :
"To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay to the
cleiks employed in the census office on extra duty, at the
rate of $100 for {'nil service, according to the office roll, the
sum of ^10,500. 
Mr. HOUSTON. I feel it due that I should
stat§,in connection with thatamendinent,thepiin-
ciple that is involved, so that the committee will
understand what it determines if they should agree
to the amendment. The Committee on Ways
and Means reacted it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can pro-
ceed with the consent of the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON". I do not want to speak out
of order. I move a non-concurrence in thatamend-
ment as recommended by the Committee on Ways
and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman may move
to strike out the clause.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then- I move to strike it
out. The item just read by the Clerk is intended
to compensate a number of census clerks, as they
are called, who, as it is alleged, have worked be-
yond the office hours, as they seem to understand
them, f understand that a practice prevails m the
Department, that the clerks enter upon their duties
at a given hour in the morning, and that they cease
from their labors at a certain hour in the evening.
The claim here set up is, that these clerks have
worked for some lengtli of time after the evening
hour arrived, when they should have ordinarily
ceased from then labors. If w;e agree to this amend-
ment we shall, I think, establish the precedent of
paying all the clerks who labor after office hours.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, I am op-
posed to this amendment. I understand, sir,
upon inquiry, that at the commencement, or just
before the commencement of Congress, it became
necessary either to appoint new clerks or to im-
pose addit.wnai duties upon the old clerks, in order
that the Department might be prepared for the
session of Congress; and I am informed by the
Superintendent of the Census Board that he pre-
feued to impose additional duties upon the old
cleiks under a promise of compensation, and that
they worked, in addition to the usual time for
which they were employed,from six o'clock until
ten in the evening, and often until eleven o'clock.
They did the work which they were employed to
do as clerks, and have enabled the Boatd to dis-
charge last week some twenty clerks permanently. .
Now, this matter was examined by the Commit-
tee oh Claim*, a'ld if I am rightly infoimed, that
committee have ngieed to report the full amount.
They have not, however, had an opportunity of
reporting, but had ordered a bill to be prepared for
the full amount claimed, i hope, under these cir-
cumstances, that the justice of paying men for
performing work which they have not been paid
for before will be seen by the House. They have
saved a great deal to the Government by it, and
have done work which, according to the terms of
their engagement, they were not bound to do.
There was not flnly an implied but an express en-
gagement to pay them extra compensation, and I
hope that economy as well as justice will dictate
to this House tlie propriety of doing it, and that
this amendment will not prevail.
Mr. EDGERTON moved to amend the Senate
amendment by increasing the appropriation one
dollar.
Mr. E\ said: My object in offering that amend-
ment is to make a brief statement m relation to
this claim. These temporary clerks employed
in the Census Office—and mind, sir, they were
temporary clerks, not permanent clerks of the De-
partment—made an application to the Committee
on Claims for extra compensation for services
rendered after office hours. There is no question
as regards the fact that the service has been per-
formed between the hours of six in the evening,
after office hours, until ten or twelve o'clock at
night. A regular table was kept of the time.
The Committee on Claims, on the application of
these clerks, with the certificate of Mr. Kennedy,
the Superintendent of the Census, that the labor
had been performed by them, that they were tem-
porary clerks, and that n was extra service, in-
structed me, as a member of that committee, to
report a bill for the relief of these Census clerks.
Pending this action of the Committee on Claims,
the Senate incorporated into this deficiency bid
this appropriation for their payment. If the Sen-
ate amendment be agreed to, there consequently
will be no necessity for a report from the Com-
mittee on Claims. The easiest way to accomplish
the purpose is for this House to agree to the
amendment of the Senate, because otherwise the
Committee on Claims will feel it to be an act of
justice and duty to these men, who were tempo-
rary clerks only—not permanent salaried officers
of the Government—employed for this special ser-
vice, to report a bill for their relief. I hope, under
the circumstances, that the House will agree to
the Senate amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 wish to state a fact, in ad-
dition to the statement made by the gentleman
from Ohio. These clerks are temporary, just so
far as the Census Bureau is temporary. It applies
to every clerk in the Census Office who has la-
bored. It does not specify who labored. I under-
stand the law to be, that tlie clerks in the various
Departments are required to work eight hours a day.
The practice, ho wever, is, thattheygo to their office
at nine and come out at three o 'clock, falling at least
two hours short of the'Time that the law requires
them to work. Then, again, I know the fact, and
so does every member of this House who has had
much connection with the various offices in the
Departments of the Government, that all the offi-
cers, at times, when there is a press of business j
upon them, work after the usual hours of closing
the office in the evening. Now, sir, during all the
time that is occupied in opening the mail con-
tracts, the clerks in the Post Office Department
work not only after three o'clock, but many of
them work until bed-time
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him one question ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will.
Mr. STEVENS. Do you not know, that the
clerks in the Census Office get considerably less |
pay than others, being confined to $1,000 per an-!
num, while the eleiks in the other Departments]
get from $1,100, $1,200, and $1,400 ? \
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir. So far from that i
being correct, I understand it to be incorrect. A !
lanje number of the clerks in the Third Auditor's j
Officeand in the Pension Office get lews than $1,000. j
Many get as lo\v as $600 or ^700. There are j
severar#800 clerks there, and the heads of the
bureaus and departments will teil you, the Post- ;
master General will tell you, that his clerks come jj
to their offices very frequently and work after office |j
hours. I
Mr. CULLOM. I wish to ask the gentleman ||
a question in relation to this matter. T desire to |j
know whether the Secretary of the Interior did :|
not stipulate with the clerks thaKhey were to re- |l
eeive additional compensation, and whether he has
not recommended it?
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no such stipulation
shown in the papers. I take it for granted, the
Secretary of the Interior being a sensible man,
that no such contract was made, because, as a
matter of course, he could make no such con-
tract.
Mr. CUIiLOM. I desire to inquire whether
hedid notrecommend that this increased compen-
sation should be given by Congress?
Mr, HOUSTON. Here is all the evidence. I
will read it to the gentleman, Hereisa letter from
Mr. Kennedy, the Superintendent of the Census
Bureau:
CrNetrs OrricE, Mk July, 1852.
Sir: It appears thattheie r- adi-poaition manifested by
members of (Jongiess to make some ptovi.sion for each of '
the cleiko uj the Census Office as have performed extra
duty.
To enable them, however, to carry into effect their good
intentions, it is said that it is uece - ary lor you to make an
estimate ior the amount to enable'the matter to take such
a dhecuon as will give any reasonable hope of its passage
thiougli the jire.-eut Congress,
{fit be your pleasure to do this, I would suggest that the
sum of #10.500 would be sufficient to pay ft>r'all the extra
duty performed attiierate of >>100 to all who rendered lull
service according to the office roll, and proportionately to
those whose services weie rnuie limited.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, J. G. KENNEDY.
Hon. A. H. II. Stuart, Secretary of the Interior*
And here is a letter from Mr. Stuart:
Department of the Interior,
Washingion-, May 5, 3852. 5
Sir : I have the honor to enclose herewith a copy Qf a
letter from the Superintendent of the Census, on the sub-
jected the payment to the cleikvof his office, of the amount
w Inch he thinks justly due to tln-m, foi >-ei vice tendered out
oi office hours-, and beg leave to commend his suggestions
to your favorable cons-uleuuion.
I am, sir, very resper-n'uUy, } our obedient seivant,
ALEX. H. II. STUART. Secretary.
Hon. It. M. T. Hunter,
Ckavrimm Committee on Finance, Senate, JJ. S.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to ask a single *
question. If I remember this matter correctly, this
extra work was not done under order. The clerks
were not compelled to do it, but it was done un-
der a contract or an agreement between the head
of the Census Bureau and his clerks. Some of
them worked twelve, some eighteen, some twenty-
four, and some thirty days. Now, why was it
that some worked thirty days, and some eight or
ten,'if it were not done by contract?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no idea that a con-
tract was made.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Edger-
ton's motion, and it was nut agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Houston's
motion to strike out the clause, and, being put, it
was not agreed to.
The quesuon was then taken upon agreeing to
the amendment of the Senate, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The fourth clause of the twenty-fifth amendment
was read and agreed to as folk ws:
"For deteimining, miming and marking the northern
boundary of the State of Iowa, on the paiallei of forty-three
degtees Unity minutes noith latitude, in addition to theap-
piopiiauon heretofore made for the same object, $15,000."
The fifth clause of the twenly-fifth amendment
of the Senate was read as follows:
" For the reconstruction or repairs of tlie steamer Bibb,
used in the survey of the Naniu-ketShoal--, $18,000."
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. 1 move to strike
out that clause. It will be seen by reading the
clause now under consideration, and the three suc-
ceeding clauses, that they provide for an appropri-
ation for improvements upon the Atlantic coast.
There is- no pretense of thei>* being deficiencies.
They are appropriations, to be expended in the
present fiscal year. The proposition now is, that
you shall here put in,for the benefit of these local-
ities these appropriations which will be needed in
the coming fiscal year; and by tins hocus pocus
it is attempted to push these things through, and
when we come to the improvements for the benefit
of internal conms^ice Vvc sh.-il not be able to get
them through. I move, therefore, to strike out
the clause and let these propositions take their
place in the
coming fiscal year.
Mr. DUNCAN, I wish to say one word upon
thaf amendment. I understand, sir, it is very
desirable, for the purpose of the coast survey,
that this appropriation should be made for the
