1748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
reconstruction or repair of that steamer. At pres-
ent it is unfit for use, and it is there for e'necessary
that they should have a suitable vessel in order to
prosecute tljat survey. I will only state these
facts in the hope that the committee will not con-
cur in the amendment.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stan-
ton's amendment to the amendment, and it was
not agreed to.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, and being put, it was
decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
The sixth clause of the twenty-fifth amendment,
coming up next in order, was read by the Clerk, as
follows:
"For establishing a depfit of coal, for naval purposes, at
Key West, in tin; Stale of Florida, *$20,000."
Mr. GORMAN. I move to strike out that
clause; and I do so not because [ am opposed to
an appropriation for this purpose, but because I
am opposed to its being put in at this place. It is
well known that we have a river and harbor bill
pending, and this item is one that would be legit-
imate in a bill of that kind, and it will be more or
less included in a bill of that character. What is
the next item in these amendments? It is "for
' the purchase of a site on which to erect a custom-
house at Bangor, Maine,$15,000." What is the
next after that ?"For the purchase of a site on which
to erect a custom-house at Bath, Maine, $11,000."
If Maine, or any other portion of the country, is to
have appropriations of this sort stuck into the bill,
when the time comes to make an appropr ation to
the rivers of the West,, the gentlemen from that
portion of the Union will befound, as they always
have been found, voting against it, or, at least,
demanding something additional as compensation
for voting for us. This appropriation, and the
* ones that follow it, are evidently stuck ill here for
the purpose of being passed under the power and
influence of this bill. If there are to be appropri-
ations made for harbors and light-houses and
custom-houses, I want them to stand their chance
in a bill that is legitimate. I am opposed to all
the river and harbor bills that are generally got up
here. I have always voted against them, and I
shall continue to vote against them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair to enforce
the rule. The gentleman is discussing the river
and harbor bill. We shall never get through with
this bill unless gentlemen are confined to the dis-
cussion of the pending amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not think
the gentleman from Indiana is put of order. The
clause he proposes to strike out is of that charac-
ter, and it is certainly in order for him to say what
are his opinions on the subject.
Mr. GORMAN. I.am illustrating my remarks
by a reference to subsequent clauses, which I have
a right to do.
Sir, I shall continue to move to strike out
every one of these appropriations until they are
introduced in the proper place and at the proper
time; and I will venture the assertion, that if these
appropriations come m here, it will operate against
an appropriation to the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers. I shall continue to oppose them upon that
ground. This is not the proper place for them. I
object to this kind of legislation—slipping in ap-
propriations in this way, without notice, and
without giving us fair play. Sir, at the proper
time, I shall move to amend this clause by appro-
priating §500,000 for the improvement of the'Ohio
and Mississippi rivers.
Mr. WASHBUR.N. I wish to say, in'replv to
the gentleman from Indiana, that he is altogether
mistaken in the illustration which he draws from
the item in reference to the custom-house at Ban-
gor, in Maine. That is really and truly a defi-
ciency.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I call the
gentleman to order. That clause is not now under
consideration.
Mr. WASHBURN. I merely wish to correct .
the statement of the gentleman from Indiana, in I
°rieu may not be misled. I
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in 1
order in discussing that clause of the amendment
now.
Mr. GORMAN called for tellers on the motion
to strike out.
Teller? were ordered ; and Messrs. Gorman and
Washburn were appointed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order forme
to have read the recommendation of this item from
the Secretary of .the Navy
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be read by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HENDRICKS., I object.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 34.
A further count not being insisted on, the mo-
tion was disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I move to amend
the clause by adding thereto the following:
And the sura of $50:1,000 for the construction of a steam-
boat canal around the Falls of the Ohio river, at Louisville,
on the Indiana side of that river.
Mr. HAMILTON. I raise a point of order on
that amendment, that it is not germane to the
proposition before the House.
TJie CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. I should like to know upon
what ground the Chair so decides.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it does
not relate to the same subject as the amendment
of the Senate.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the clause of the amendment of the Senate, and it
was decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The seventh clause of the twenty-fifth amend-
ment coming up next in order, was read by the
Clerk, as follows:
For the purchase of a site on which to erect a custom-
house at Bangor, Maine, s\l.>,000.
Mr. GORMAN. I move to strike out that
clause. I understand the principle of a deficiency
bill to be, to make appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies that are authorized by law. Now, if it
is in order for the Senate to put in a clause here
for new matters—to build new custom-houses or
to purchase sites for custom-houses when there is
no authority of law for it, it is m order for this
House to make an appropriation for the Ohio
river. It is true the Committee on Ways and.
Means have reported in favor of this clause. That
committee can recommend anything they think
proper. But I insist that if the rule applies to one
thing, it shall apply to all. There is no iaw au-
thorizing tiiis appropriation, nor is it to supply
any deficiency.
Sir, 1 do not expect that this clause will be
stricken out. I calculate that the bill is to go
through. _ It is like a horse or a strong man
plunging in a morass, and the harder we strive to
check it, the deeper'it fixes itself upon this House.
I do not expect that my motion will prevail. I
calculate that it will not get more than thirty
votes. But I shall continue to move to strike out
these appropriations which.are not authorized by.
law, and which have been improperly inserted
here.
Mr. APPLETON, of Massachusetts. When
the amendment now under discussion was before
the Committee on Ways and Means, they did not
concur in it, not having all the information which
they thought was necessary. Since that time 1
have investigated the subject, and I am entirely
satisfied that this amendment ought to pass. Fifty
thousand dollars have already been granted for
the purpose of building a custom-house at Ban-
gor, Maine. It was supposed at the time that
that sum would be sufficient to buy a site and
build a custom-house. On making examinations,
however, and procuring plans and estimates, it
has been found that the $50,000 was required for
the building of the custom-house, independent of
the site, and the present application is for $15,000
to pay for a site which has been contracted for.
The plan has been laid before the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Commissioner of Customs, both
of whom assure me it is right and proper that this
amendment should pass. Bangor, in the State of
Maine, is a place of very large business, and
whereabuildmgof this kind is absolutely required
for the storage and examination of goods, and the
security of property. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment of the Senate will be concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURN. For the sake of adding
a few remarks to what the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has said, I will offer an amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suggest to the gentleman
from Maine that it would probably be better 
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a'question of order. I
ask if this matter is further debatable?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to debate it.
I was only going to say to the gentleman from
Maine that I have here a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury in relation to these custom-houses
in Maine, which probably presents .the facts as
well as he can present them in any other way.
Mr. WASHBURN. It shows, 1 presume,
that this is a deficiency. The original grant was
$50,000.
Mr. DEAN. I ask if this debate is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Maine submit an amendment?
Mr. WASHBURN. I move to amend the
clause proposed to be stricken out, by striking out
" fifteen," and inserting " sixteen"inlieu thereof.
I will state that at the last Congress an appropri-
ation was made 
Mr. HOUSTON. The letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury explains the matter ex-
actly.
Mr. WASHBURN. Well, let it be read.
The Clerk read the letter as follows:
Treasury Department, May 3,1852.
Silt: In reply to your request, J have the honor to give
you the following extract from a communication from this
Department, under date of 30th of January last, to the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means of the
House of Representatives of the United'States, on the sub-
ject of new custom-houses, building or authorized to be
built, so far as the same relates to those at Bangor and
Bath, in the State of Maine, via :
" Bangor. The appiopriation by Congress for this build-
< ing is limited to $50,0 >0, besides which the site has cosS
' §15,000. Arrangements are about being made to com-
1 mence the work, but a special appropriation of $15,000 is
' respectfully recommended to pay for the site, as' the
i $'5(1,000 was allotted by law for the building."
" Bath. The act of Congress limits the cost of the build-
' ing and site to $25,000. The site has cost .9! 1,000, leav-
< ing only $14,000 for the building, which is insufficient for
' a suitable stiucture. No progress has been made toward*
' 'erecting this structure, and it is respectfully recommended
' that an appropriation should be made for the cost of the
' site, leaving the original sum of $fi5,000 as exclusively
' applicable to ihe building."
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
thos. conwrw,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. H. Hamlin, Chairman Committee on Commerce,
Senate of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURN. It will be seen that that
letter confirms entirely the statement which has
been made by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Appleton.] Last year an appropriation of
$50,000 was made for the purchase of a site and
the erection of the building, and then there was a
| further provision that the building itself might
cost $50,000, leaving a site to be purchased out of
money to be afterwards appropriated. There is,
therefore, a deficiency to the amount of what the
site on which the building is to be erected will
cost. A plan for the building has been made, and
adopted by the Treasury Department, which will
cost the sum of $50,000, which the act authorized
them to expend for that purpose. The act also
authorized the purchase of a site. The amount
was not fixed, however, inasmuch as it could not
be told how much the site would cost. That has
now been ascertained. A site has been pur-
chased, the title has been made good,and $15*,000
has been paid for it. This amount is therefore a
deficiency necessary to make up the sum which
was authorized to be paid for the building.
Mr. DUNHAM. The question involved in
this particular debate, is one that is applicable to
several other cases. Now, there were appropria-
tions made, as gentlemen who were here during the
last Congress will recollect, for several custom-
houses, among which are the two under consider-
ation, one at Cincinnati, one at Louisville, and
several others which I do not now recollect. The
language of the law was after this manner: So-
much for the erection of a custom-house at such
a place, provided it shall not cost more than so
much. I have no doubt that the intention, at the
time, was that the whole establishment should '
cost the amount appropriated.
Mr. WASHBURN. Will thegentleman allow
me to say, that such was not the case in relation
to the Bangor custom-house, as I am informed by
thegentleman who drew the bill, and it was not
so understood at the time.
Mr. DUNHAM. The difference in that case,
probably arose from the clause, saying that it
should cost no more, being left out. But the in-
tention in regard to the whole of them, I hare no
doubt, was, that the whole establishment should
