884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
the Government imposing a tax upon religion. It
is not an advance of money, as the Senator con-
tends, for the purposes of religion, but the object
of the bill is to prevent the Government taxing
religion; so that the reverse of the proposition of
the Senator from Delaware, according to my con-
struction of the bili, is right.
But I would ask the Senator—I would ask all j
the Senators who will do me the favor to hear
jne—whether we are not making a distinction in
this particular case, ifwe refuse to pass the bill nosv
before us ? I have pointed out twenty cases of a
variety of religious denominations, in which the
Government has heretofore uniformly remitted the '
duties when it has been asked to do so. Therefore, i
if you commence now to refuse to remit in this
particular case, will not the impression be that yen |
make a distinction against this particular religion.' j
I assert that no S'enator can point to a single case '
in which an application has been made by any re- j
ligious society for a similar purpose, where it lias i
not been granted. I have pointed out some fifteen ;
or twenty cases where Congress has uniformly
granted relief; would it not therefore be making
adistinction against this particular Church, if, ac-
cording to the views expressed by Senators, we '
now refuse to grant them the relief which wehave !
uniformly heretofore granted to other and similar >
religious'institutions >
Mr. BAYARD. The latter part of the argu- j
mentof the Senator from Maryland, it seems to j
me, is easily answered. It may be true that vari- !
ous special bills have been passed remitting duties ;
in reference to one religious society or another, or
to one institution or another. I have no doubt
tha' the facts stated by that Senator, and by the
Senator from Florida, are true. But though I can- ^
not exactly agree with the distinguished Senator '
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] that precedents are
entitled to no weight, I should be sorry to believe
myself bound by precedents of special laws. It
would be the most dangerous species of legislation
imaginable, to be guided by all special laws that '
may be passed. Because you get one claim passed, ,
from the fact of the defective principle attached to |
it not being contested, Of because you get fifty 1
claims passed as special laws, where there is
no special examination, or recognition of a gen- i
eral principle, and where that general principle '
has not been the subject-matter of discussion, to
say you are to be bound in future to carry out the *
same principle, is, in my judgment, not true. As
regards special laws, I hold that they should not
form a precedent on which the decision of the I
Senate should be based. General principles and !
genei'al laws, settled by the decision of the Sen- j
ate, of course make an entirely different question, j
But I admit, no authority .uising from the nppli- ;
cation of a special decision on a particular case by
special legislation, an governing my action subue-
quently, when a subsequent case comes up. A
strong illustration of the effect of it will be found
in the fact, that, the amendment proposed by the
distinguished Senator from Maryland was with-
drawn; anil I presume if that amendment, was
now before the Senate—carrying out as a general
principle what this bill carries out m a particular
case—there would be no difficulty.
As regards the other pari of the argument of the
Senator from Maryland, in answer to mine, which
is, that this is the case of a fa ; imposed by the
Government on this religious society, I think that
is a misstatement of my view, and of the argu-
ment which I made. The tax is not imposed on
the particular society. The tax is imposed on ail
articles of that particular classification; and wheth-
er they 01- any other association, or any other in-
dividual consume the article, they must pay the
tax, as part of the price. If they are to be ex-
empted particularly on the ground of their individ-
ual character, then it clearly is a gratuity to them.
Mr. SOULE. It strikes me that the'honorable
Senator who has just resumed his seat, takes a
wrong view of the tendency, and certainly of the
bearing, of this measure. Does he mean to assert
that it implies any direct or indirect protection to
any specific religious creed: If so, he is clearly
right in his opposition to the bill; and if I could be
convinced that he misapprehends not the question,
I would at once side with him, and vote against the
bill. But as there is clearly no such attempt, as
he cannot seriously urge that there is any, his ar-
gument falls to the ground.
There is a plain, common-sense view of this
question, which divests it of all difficulty, and
brings its merits to a fair test. The question
should not be, whether or not we shall exonerate
a peculiar society from the obligation of paying
into the United States Treasury a certain amount
of duties—$45 or $50; but whether we shall sub-
tract, from a donation made to a religious asso-
ciation', what would render it a burden, without
easing our Treasury otherwise than by the recov-
ery of a few dollars. The economy attempted to
be effected, is hardly worth the time we have been
spending in discussing it. |
Now, let us apply principles as they clearly are •
exemplified by the practice and rule prevailing in j
matters of similar kind. If we land from a foreign j
port to any port in the United States, we are per- .
mitted to enter, free from duties, all articles com- ,
prising our baggage. Even articles of furniture, i
if used any time in our service, are admitted to
the benefit of the exemption. Upon what consid-
eration is predicated this discrimination? Might
it not be asked why itis that a traveler under such
circumstances is exempt from all charge, when
those who may choose to remain at home would
I be charged with dues, and be compelled to pay
them into the Treasury ? Yet if the principle be
correct in one case, why should it not in the other?
The pretended gratuity made in this case may
strictly be beyond the rule, but certainly is not
beyond the spirit of that principle. For, suppose
that these very persons for whom the exemption
is asked, had brought these vestments with them
from any foreign port, would you deny them the
right, of introducing them without paying duties
to the Government? If the exemption would
apply to such a case, tell me why and how it
should not to this?
I understand that the power to create the ex-
emption is not contested. The case presented is
a peculiar one—one into the merits of which we
look, which we can fairly appreciate; and if it
does not violate any principle, if it is strictly
within the spirit of the prevailing law, surely I
cannot SPe the strength of the arguments which
have been urged to exclude it from the favor of
this House.
Mr. BAYARD. I still think the Senator from
Louisiana misunderstands my view of the case.
I feel so the more strongly than previously, from
the illustration which he gave in his last remarks.
My objection is not founded on the fact that this
is discriminating between particular religions; for
if this bill proposed to remit to all the churches of
the United States, of every denomination, duties
on any vestments or furniture imported for those
churches, 1 should vote against it. On my prin-
ciples, it would make no difference to what religion
i it applied, or whether it applied to all. Now, the
illustration given by the distinguished Senator
from Louisiana is this: he likens it to the case of
travelers, whose luggage you choose to exempt
from duty by general laws. That is so; but the
answer is, thai, a parallel case would be to suppose
the attempt were made to say, that because a man
was a clergyman, therefore his luggage should he
exempt from taxation, or the payment of duty,
while every other citizen of the community was
I liable to that payment. I say they would violate
i this principle in the same nunner precisely as this
j violates the principle of our laws. My objection
j is to the attempt to give governmental support to
■ any class or religious denomination. On that
| ground I opnose the bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. The honorable Senator
] from Louisiana, in the remarks he last submitted,
i based the claim on the ground that it was a remis-
! sion of duties upon a donation. The ground upon
which the bill was originally presented by the hon-
! orable Senator from Maryland, was, that the arti-
; cles imported were for benevolent objects, or for
the use of a religious society, and the discussion
I has turned upon the ground that we ought to re-
1 mit the duties because the articles are designed for
i the use of a religious community, or for a benev-
| olent purpose. Such was the course of the re-
• marks of the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Socle]
| when he first addressed the Senate, as I under-
I stood him.
i Now, it is said that no discrimination is made
, by remitting the duties in this case in favor of this
; denomination. I will suppose that there is another
: denomination who have need of similar articles,
; but who chose to encourge domestic industry, of
i the protection of which we sometimes hear a. o-reat
deal, and who purchase the"articles at the same
cost which they would come to, if imported and
sold, with the addition to the price of the dutien,
would not that denomination then have a c'aim So
come before Congress and ask for a donation, say-
ing: " You remitted the duties oa certain articles,
because they were to be used for a religious pur-
pose; we use similar articles of domestic man-
ufacture, costing the same amount, with the addi-
tion of the duties, and we ask you therefore to
refund the duties to us?" Their demand would
be on the same principle. If the application is
to remit the duties on account of the use that is
to be made of the articles imported, it is a dona-
tion ; and every denomination would have a right
to come and make an application for money from
the Treasury on the same principle.
It is said the amount in this case is small. 1
infer from that circumstance, that the bill is pre-
sented rather with the view of settling the princi-
ple—because any gentleman would take from his
pocket and pay the amount of the duties in this
case most cheerfully—-if he were interested in the
society—whether we will or will not, in a case of
this kind, change the general law in consequence
of the use to which the articles are to be applied.
I think that in this case it is a donation. Although
I think that in this case the appeal is as strong as
it can be in any case, yet the discussion has as-
sumed such a ground as wiR place it beyond my
power to regard the bill as the remission of duties
upon a donation, and therefore I shall be con-
strained to vote against it.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not intend to argue this
question; but, as I propose to vote for the passage
of the bill, perhaps it would be proper for me to
give one or two reasons why I do so, as it is
made such an important question.
The first ground of objection to this bill is, that
Congress has not the constitutional power to inter-
pose. If that be true, of course, I should vote
against the passage of the bill. It is alleged that
there is a general law taxing all importations of
this kind; and, permit me to say, it is immaterial
whether an article is imported for tiie benefit of a
church, or an individual—the principle is precisely
the same. Now, have we ever remitted duties
upon importations made for individuals? We
have. How many times I cannot tell you, but in
innumerable instances. Have we not remitted
duties upon railroad iron imported into the coun-
try? Nobody denies it. Have we not changed
-the general law by extending the time for the pay-
ment of duties, required by the general law to be
paid in cash? Certainly we have. Have we not
I permitted the colleges of this country to import
articles which were taxed, and have we not 1a-
■ mitted the duties upon them ? Have we not per-
' mitted books to be imported into this country
. under the general law, which were taxed, and
1 then remitted the duty upon them? Rut gentle-
, men say, all that has no connection with religion.
• If you remit, a duty upon an article imported into
this country by a man who is religious, or by a
combination of persons professing to be religious,,
does it thereby become unconstitutional: 1 trust
that argument, will be sustained by nobody on this
floor, after mature examination; and, if it be, let.
me now refer to a few cases directly in point.; one
in the State of Louisiana, one in the State of Ken-
tucky, and one in the State of New York.
I find that as early as the year 1816. the duties
; on bibles, for certain churches, subject to duty,
were remitted. Then again, I find an act for the
relief of Benedict Joseph Flaget, Bishop of Rards-
- town, in the State of Kentucky, approved the 20fh
i of May, 182G, which enacts—•
■' That duties due and parable on eeitain vestments, fur-
niture. ami painting, imported inlo the Tinted States !'>'
FSenedict Joseph t'tiie.'f. liishop el' Bardnowu, nl the l^t'stc
of Kentucky, fur t)]< m i: of the church over winch he prc-
Hdes, and lecenttj, enteicd at the cu.-aom-hoiisf in the city
of New Orleans, he and the same aie iieiebv remitted.'1
Was that unconstitutional: In that day of ex-
I citemcnt about nullification and strict construction,
when the brightest lights of thecountry were upon
this floor, did any one rise here, and, going for a
strict construction of the Constitution, deny the
: exercise of this power? Why, they knew very
! well, that if we had the power to create a tax, we
had a right to repeal or remit it^ and ifwe can do
it in whole, we can do it in part. There were ex-
ceptions to the general statute, but there was no
! question of unconstitutionality raised against
them.
