1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
885
1 next find that in 1832 the duties were remitted
upon certain articles for the use of the church,
imported in the brig Union into the port of New
Orleans. Then I fine} that again, in the year 1832,
this act was passed:
•' TJr-u the Sectetary of the Treasury refund to the Rev.
John Hughes, o! Philadelphia, the sum of §'363, being the \
amount ot'duties on one case of church vestments and or- j
uaiuent~ imported into the port of New York in J831 m the ,
&InpTulhi
There are the precedents. I think after this no
man can deny the constitutionality of this meas- j
ure. 11 then becomes aquestion of the expediency ;
of the mere remission of duties. :
What is this application? That forty-five dol-
lars be remitted upon a donation—a gift. Sup-
pose, s.r, that some kind friend of yours, for ser-
vices rendered your country, or for a friendship ^
which may have been created in a foreign land, '
should transmit to you some personal gift—a snuff- '
box, or a watch—as a memento of his friendship, ■
or on account of some great service that you may
have rendered, either civil or military, if it were j
imported into the country, it would be liable to
taxation. /Ynd suppose some one of your friends
—numerous as they are—on this floorshould rise
and present a bill to remit the duty upon that gift,
whatever it might be, as a compliment to you,
where is the strict constructionist here who would |
get up and pronounce it unconstitutional ? j
The question of expediency is always a matter
of judgment and discretion. If a measure is un-
constitutional, it will not be binding, because the
Supreme Court will decide against it. Well,
what is the difference between you as as a citizen,
and the individuals composing a church r None.
A church is nothing more than a combination of
individuals.
I would refer you now to the case of Commodore
McDonough, wherca sword was sentto him from ;
abroad. There was a tax imposed upon the im- ;
portatim of all swords; yet the tax on that was ;
remitted. Was that .unconstitutional? Where,
then, is the unconstitutionality of this bill? Is it |
because the word "religion" applies to persons i
here? In relation to importations, all parties are i
upon an equality. The iaw makes no discrimina-
tion between a church and an individual. It is the
article imported upon which the law operates, and
not upon the individual to whom the article is
consigned. Why, then, distinguish this from the
case oft.. - .r.vm'd sent to Commodore McDonough?
Wliv distinguish it from the case of the vestments ,
imported for use m the State of Kentucky ?
There is another case precisely like those to
which I have referred, where vestments which
were sent as a donation, were imported into the
city of New York, on which the duties were re-
mitted. Now, is it not extraordinary, that when
these females, whose whole object is benevolence
and the increase of knowledge, morality, and all
The virtues of life, are operating in a little church,
or in a nunnery, and find some kind friend beyond
the waters sending over to them vestments for the
purpose of carrying on their organization, we
should so strenuously demand forty-five dollars,
after all these precedents, and cry out" unconsti-
mtionality"and "inexpediency?''
I did not intend to say so much; but. 1 thought
that it was due to the question to cite the prece-
dents which I have cited. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Delaware, that precedents in special
cases should never opeiate as controlling influ-
ences. Each case mast stand on its own footing.
This case stands upon it better, clearer, fairer,
and more just than any one I ever knew to come
before Congress.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, the gentleman
from Georgia has informed the Senate that the re-
mission asked for by this religious community
presents precisely the same case as if an individ-
ual has esked for the remission; and then he
states that nobody would deny that it would be
vtsrht in such a case. That is what a lawyer
would call a .lunscquitur T do not think an indi-
vidual would be eultiled to any siHi remission,
nor would an individual ask rueh a remission.
There are many persons, no doubt, who use arti-
lIc-5 of foieirn manufacture upon which high du-
f.e ':y(' iraposeu, who would be glad to have such
utiue-s remitted, but the policy of the law is, to
impose duties upon them.
I cannot agree with the honorable Senator from
Mirvland. that there are no precedents upon the
other side. I know very well that if you take up
the statutes you will find no precedents on the
other side, because those cases which are rejected
are not carried into the statute book; but if you ,
take up the journals, you will find that there are
cases in which payments of this kind have been
asked for, and have been denied. Nobody denies
the constitutional power of Congress to remit
such duties. The Senator from Delaware did not
contend for any such principle as that, but he
contended that, as the amount of the duty was in
the Treasury, or at least, if not already paid, was
due to the Treasury, it was wrong by special
legislation to withdraw it. I would be veiy glad
to see these ladies successful, and to see the in-
terests of their institution advanced in every way;
but they must be subject to the same laws that
other citizens and other individuals are. I there-
fore feel obliged to vote against the remission of
the duties.
Mr. BORLAND. I am very sorry that the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] in the con-
clusion of his remarks, seemed to insist upon a
view of the question which does great injustice to
those who oppose this bill. He laid great stress
upon the amount of money which is proposed to
be released—forty-five dollars. Sir, every Sen-
ator who has said one word in opposition to the
bill, has expressly disclaimed any consideration
of the amount of monpy. It has nothing at all to
do with the merits of the case as presented.
Mr. DAWSON. I am somewhat surprised at
the remark of the Senator. I laid no stress on
the amount. I put it upon the principle said to be
involved. I did not argue that because the amount
was only forty-five dollars, therefore it ought to be
refunded. I trust my friend will not so represent
me.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not intend to do the
Senator injustice, but surely he will recollect that
he did emphasize the "amount" very strongly, for
what purpose, I could notconceive, unless to give
that complexion to the opposition to the bill. If
I had considered the pecuniary amount and that
kind of economy, 1 certainly should not have con- :
tributed to protract a discussion, every hour, per- ;!
haps every half hour, of which costs the Govern-
ment more than the whole amount proposed to be
remitted.
It is no escape from the principle that it is prop-
er to pay this, because it is a small amount; and
the opponents of this bill ought not be put before
the country as basing their opposition upon any
amount whatever.
But in the course of this discussion, something
was said on both sides about discriminations be-
tween religious sects.
Sir, I object to the discrimination, not merely
because it is between religious denominations, but
because it is between classes, whether they be
religious, moral, scientific, literary, or anything
else But to make an illustration of my view ot
this discrimination, I will suppose a case. We
know that other rei'gious denominations do not,
use vestments of this kind. Take the Methodist
denomination, for instance, which is spread all
over this country. Their ministers wear plain
clothes. Their discipline requires it. Each^ minis-
ter, perhaps, who is able to buy it, wears hisjilack
coat made of cloth, which has been impoilcd, and
upon which duties have been paid. Suppose a
Methodist Conference in one of the Slates should
come before Congress, at its next session, and me-
morialize us to pay back to each one of those in-
dividual preachers the amount of the duty, that is,
the increased price which he had to pay lor his
coat, because of the duty levied on the cioth when
it was imported? 1 apprehend there is not a Sen-
ator here who would not laugh it out of ihe Cham-
ber; vet, there is no difference in principle. If it
be proper and lawful to remit duties on vestments,
which the priests of one denomination may wear,
and which they consider properdin the perform-
ance of their clerical functions, it surely must he
. equally proper and equally lawful to pay oacli to
the priests of every other denomination, unties on
the vestments which they hold to be proper mfhe
1 performance of their clerical functions. I can see
; no difference; at-d J give tuis case to mark my
: view of the discrimination.
Mr. MANGTJM. Mr. President, this is a vasi-
■ iv important question. This is a L'residem-ma-
i king session, and I understand that this question
is to operate powerfully on the success of one of
the parties. [Laughter.] It has already acted
very powerfully upon private individuals, claim-
ants upon the public Treasury, and also upon
the funds paid by this body for these interesting
discussions. If I were full of money, I would
pay this tax myself, rather than see this debate
continued. But that being rather a scarce article
with me, [laughter,] I will not propose to do so.
I do hope that we will not continue at this game
of " push-pin" any longer.
I do not see why" we should*feel so much re-
pugnance to having an allusion made to religion.
To be sure, it is not a Senatorial virtue, but still
we should not lie so appalled at it. I shall vote for
this bill, if 1 can get a chance to vote for it, with
I a good deal of pleasure; and I hope we shall come
to a vote after my very sensible remarks on the
| subject. [Laughter.]
! The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
I ordering the bill to a third reading, resulted—yeas
j 21, nays 22; as follows;
I Y [■', A H—Messrs. Badger, Brooke, Cass, Chase, Dawson,
I Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodye ol Iowa, Douglas, Downs,
: Fieh, Foot, Geyer, Jones of Tennes-ee, Mallorv, Mangum.
! Pratt. Seward, Shields, Sould, Sumner, and Wade—21.
NAYS — Messis. Adams, JJayard, Borland, Bradbury,
. Brodliead, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, (Jwin, Hale, Hamlin,
j Hunter, Kinst, Mason, Morton, Norns, Sebastian, Smith,
! Spruauce, Underwood, Upham, and Weller—22.
So the bill was rejected.
The Senate then adjourned until Monday.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 26,1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I hope to get through this
deficiency bill to-day.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is House bill No. 207, to supply defi-
ciencies in appropriation for the fiscal year ending
June 30th, 1852, the following clause of the bill
being under consideration;
" For this sum, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
sati=fy the claims of the Creek Indians tor nulls stipulated
to be mrnHhed under the fifth article of tho treaty of the
tttii of February, 1833, v-*,000."
Mr. FITCH. I have an amendment to offer,
to "come in at the end of the clause under consid-
eratlon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know what the
amendment is which the gentleman proposes to
offer: but I am instructed by the Committee of
Wavs and Means to offer an amendment to come
in after that clause.
Mr. FITCH. My amendment is to 'insert at
the end of the clause the following:
IV,I e>peases Of removal and subsistence of the Potta-
wntour.-s o< Indiana,
Mr. F. I think it is verv probable that it is the
*ame amendment which the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was about to offer.
That committee improperly struck that appropri-
ation out, or omitted it in the bill they have report-
ed; and I prefer that the amendment should now
come from the Committee on Indian Affairs. It
was, however, I believe, struck out—and I must say
ii m justice to the Committee of Ways and Means
—uiidei a misunderstanding between themselves
and the Indian bureau. The amendment isto carry
out a treaty provision found in the third article of
the treat-v of February 11, 1S37, with the Potta-
watomie'Indians. The deficiency arises from the
fact that the number of Indians to be removed was
estimated at four hundred, whereas they were
found when assembled,to number some six hun-
! dred, or more; and of course the expense was
I o-reater than was estimated, and hence this den-
| They have been removed, the lasf re-
movpi nfihetn from their old country to the West;
and i presume there is no disposition on the part
of the Committee of Ways and Means, or of the
Hou-ie. to prevent a treaty stipulation, as plain as
1 that is, from being carried into effect. _
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to ,he
