1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
condition that that sura should complete the work.
The last appropriation was made at the last ses-
sion of Congress. I will read it:
e< Far the construction of the building for a custom-
house, independent tit-'iiMuy, mid other offices of the Um
ted States, at Cincinnati, Ohio, in addition to the appro-
priation of September 30,1850, --^ixOOO. But no part of this
shall be expended, uuless the same shall complete the
work."
There can be no deficiency in that bill.
Mr. DISNEY. If the gentleman had waited a
moment before raising his question of order, be
would have found my amendment is to supply a
deficiency.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana will see, I apprehend, that the Chair, in de-
ciding a question .of order, cannot determine the
law or fact, but 1 suppose the gentleman would
not contend it is not ui the power of Congress,
after that law, to pass another, and to go on and
appropriate more money ?
Mr. DUNHAM. That is true; but there can-
not be a deficiency here.
The CHAIRMAN. That is a question of fact
the Chair does not feel himself called upon to de-
cide.
Mr. DISNEY. If the gentleman had listened
to me, he would not have raised the point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, fur-
ther, so that hereafter there may be no misappre-
hension, that the Chair has held heretofore, when
this bill was under consideration in the commit-
tee, that a proposition to add a provision for an
entirely new work was not in order, and that be-
ing so clear, it could not be called a deficiency; but
where the proposition is to add an appropriation to
those which have already been made, the Chair
thinks it must Vie regarded as a question in order.
Mr. DISNEY. That is a deficiency we are as-
sured by the Secretary of the Treasury. This
case, as I was remarking when interrupted by the
point of order, stands upon different and much
stronger grounds than any of the other cases, that
of St. Louis alone excepted. The case of St.
Louis rests upon the same grounds.
Why, in the case of the custom-house at Cin-
cinnati, and also in relation to the one at St. Louis,
the existing laws warrant arid authorize the con-
struction of the building involving an expenditure
to the amount now asked for. The Secretary of
the Treasury states expressly, that the Depart-
ment is already authorized. He has taken a part
of the funds Congress authorized him to employ
in the construction of the work, and applied it to
the purchase of a site, thereby creating a deficien-
cy m the existing appropriation. He now asks
Congress to remedy that deficiency by granting
the additional appropriation of $50,000 provided
for under the amendment now pending before the
committee. The Department under the present
law feels itself authorized to enter into contract for
the completing of these custom-houses, to wit:
that of Cincinnati and that of St. Louis, at a cost
not exceeding $75,000 each; and the Secretary is
making arrangements accordingly. They are
going 011 with the structure under the existing
law. We are not asking by this amendment for
authority to construct the building, or an increase
of appropriation; we are only asking you to
appropriate money for that which you have au-
thorized to be undertaken.
Mr. DUNHAM. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman, if this money has been taken out of the
fund appropriated by law to erect the building, by
what authority has it been done?
Mr. DISNEY. The present appropriation for
the erection of the Cincinnati and St. Louis cus-
tom-houses is $75,000 each, with the proviso that
"the cost of the buildings, respectively, shall not
exceed$75,000." Thesiteshave been purchased.
The site at Cincinnati has cost $50,000, and that
at St. Louis $37,000. The Department, under
the present law, feels itself authorized to progress
with the building. That is what the Secretary
says. The appropriation, then, was not for the
purchase of the site, but the construction of the
building. The Department feels itself authorized
to erect upon these sites buildings not to exceed
in cost $75,000 each. He has bought the site,
and is nowgoing on to erect the edifices. He asks
for enough to pay the debt you have authorized
him to contract. That is the whole case.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I should like to inquire
whether the $50,000 is to complete the building?
Mr. DISNEY. The $50,000 is to be appi-opri-'
ated towards the construction of the building.
The law authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury
to construct edifices not to exceed in cost $75,000
each, and he has adopted plans the execution of
which will cost that amount. In the case of the
Cincinnati custom-house there is a deficiency of
$50,000, which we ask to be appropriated. These
facts are true of both Cincinnati and St. Louis.
It occurs to me now that the city of St. Louis has
no Representative upon thjs floor.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 intend to offer an amend-
ment, covering the custom-house of that city. 1
would inquire of the Chair whether such an
amendment would be in order now ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to ask if this thing is
to go on, where we are to stop? I wish gentlemen
would ask for anything else than custom-houses.
There may be occasion for custom-houses at Cin-
cinnati, Louisville, and other places on the west-
ern waters; but there is, in my estimation, a much
better occasion for appropriations for the western
rivers and harbors. I much prefer appropriations
should be made for them. I am loth to rise in op-
position to these amendments.
Mr. GENTRY. Thegentleman surprises me.
That is an extraordinary objection coming from
that quarter. I have been here twelve years. For
nine out of that twelye I voted every year addi-
tional sums to complete the custom-house in the
city of New York, which is a splendid marble
palace.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman want an
appropriation for Knoxville? I will vote for an
arsenal, but I do not want to vote for a custom-
house at Knoxville. It is the principle of the thing
to which I ask to call attention. If there be any-
thing in the West for which I am willing to make
liberal appropriations, it is the improvement ofits
rivers and harbors. But, under the pretense of
getting custom-houses, and other things of that
kind, it is only talcing so much from the Treas-
ury, which, in my opinion, ought to be devoted to
other purposes. We will soon be asked to appro-
priate for a custom-house on the Kanawha river,
at a point in the district of thegentleman who sits
before me. We will be asked for custom-houses
in all the western rivers, and for their construc-
tion large appropriations.
But while I am willing to complete the work so
far as they have gone, I am not willing to extend
the system further. Custom-houses, for which ap-
propriations have been made, I am willing to vote
appropriations for their completion. We now see
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] rising
and asking an appropriation for a custom-house
at St. Louis. It is strange some gentleman from
Illinois does not rise and ask for an appropriation
for a custom-house at Galena. And the gentleman
from Minnesota will be called upon to ask for
the construction of a custom-house at Red river.
Where are we to stop, if we are to go on with this
system?
Mr. GENTRY. Is it the policy of a Repre-
sentative from the city of New York to simplify
all these things by voting one large custom-house
to the city of New York, and lines of steamers
supported by the Government, so that all the im-
ports shall be there?
Mr. BROOKS. I will answer that question.
Take away the custom-house to-morrow, and we
will give the country $10,000,000 a year. We do
not want any custom-house there. Remove it, and
you will make it a mighty city. London and
Rome will be nothing in comparison with it then.
Spies are put over our merchants; we do not want
them. We would like to raze the custom-house
to-morrow.
Mr. PHELPS. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman whether he is in favor of free trade?
Mr. BROOKS. I would like to have free trade
for the city of New York alone. I am in favor
of free trade, if you will let us import all the
! goods there, and then add a duty upon all outside
of the city to support our city. That is what I
am in favor of—free trade for the city of New
York alone. [Laughter.] I rise in good faith,
however, to say, that I am willing to go for these
appropriations to a moderate extent; but I am not
willing to go to an unlimited extent. I am not
willing to take in a Government deficiency bill
any amount of custom-houses that gentlemen may
seem willing to offer here, and I dare rise and
make opposition, though I am tauntedjiwith the
charge that I support appropriations only for the
city of New York.
The question was then taken on Mr. Disney's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE. I move the fol-
lowing amendment:
For the completion of the custom -house and otiier public.,
offices connected therewith, at Pittsburg, $35,000.
During the Thirty-first Congress there were ap-
propriations made for four custom-houses, at four
different points in the West—at St. Louis, Cin-
cinnati, Louisville, and Pittsburg. At .the two
former there were appropriations of $75,000 for
the purpose of constructing and building these
custom-houses. At the two latter points the lan-
guage of the law is, that the entire cost of building
and the purchase of the sites should be $75,000.
There seems to me a discrepancy in the appro-
priation between the several points. At the city
of Pittsburg a lot has been purchased at an ex-
pense of $35,000, leaving $40,000 for building.
This sum is entirely inadequate to construct such
a building as the public wants require. It is a
historical fact, that in the city of Pittsburg the
public records have been exposed to fire within
the last five years. The books and papers of the
custom-house have been placed in buildings which
have been twice destroyed by fire within the last
five years. It is considered economy, therefore,
upon the part of the Government to make such
appropriations—at least my constituents think
so—as will construct a building which will be fire-
proof; and I have no doubt that gentlemen win
concur with me and my constituents in that view
of the subject. Forty thousand dollars is inade-
quate to accomplish that result, and I propose,
therefore, to increase the amount to $75,000 for
the building, adding $35,000 to the $40,000 which
now remain. This is the sum which has been ,
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury,
as an amount which will construct a fire-proof .
building. It is a less sum than has been asked
for and obtained from this committee by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] and I
propose to make $35,000 additional, so as to make
the whole sum $75,000, placing us upon a par
with St. Louis and Cincinnati. I hope the com-
mittee will award this sum for this purpose.
The question was then taken upbn Mr. Howe's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose the following amend-
ment:
For the completion of the fire-proof building in the city
of St. Louis, Missouri, for a custom-house, independent
treasury building, and other offices of the United States,
#37,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I have but one word of ex-
planation which I think necessary to make, as the
Representative from the St. Louis district is con-
fined by sickness at home, and is unable to be
here to speak for the interests of the city which
he represents. The duty therefore devolves upon
me, as one of his colleagues, to offer the amend-
ment which has been read, and which he himself
would have offered. I believe it to be right. Ap-
propriations have been made for the erection of a
fire-proof building at St. Louis, not merely for a
custom-house, but for an independent treasury and
for the other public offices which are kept perma-
nently in that city. When we refer to that city
and its commerce, and when we look to the re-
ceipts of the last fiscal year, we find that the duties
collected in that city to be more than $280,000,
as I have been informed by a gentleman who
has just arrived from that city, and who is well
informed upon that subject. Again, by law a
branch of the Treasury Department is kept in the
city of St. Louis, and the Assistant Treasurer's
office is located there. The Government of the
United States has been at great expense in paying
for fitting up an office, so as to cause it to be fire-
proof; and when the Assistaiit Treasurer has been
removed, and another one has been appointed, who
selected some other office, a still further expense
has been incurred by the Government in fitting up
this office also. In addition to that, this building
is designed for another purpose, not merely for a
custom-house and independent treasury, but also
for a surveyor general's office, the records of
which are kept there in buildings rented by the
Government. All the records appertaining to
surveys in the States of Illinois and Missouri are
