886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] having the
credit of this amendment.
Mr. FITCH. It is the amendment of the Com-
miftee on Indian Affairs, and not mine individu-
ally.
Mr." HOUSTON. The Committee on Indian,
Affairs were notified that this amendment was or-
dered by the Committee of Ways and Means to
he offered; but I am perfectly willing to give the
Committee on Indian Affairs the credit of- it. I
deem it due to the Committee of Ways and Means
to say, that when these Indian estimates were un-
der examination by that committee, we called for
information upon this very item. We had the
chief clerk of the Indian bureau before us, and we
asked him for the information. He was unable to
give it to us; and when he left the committee, he
carried with him a written memorandum from a
member thereof* calling upon him to furnish this
information- to the committee. He did not furnish
it at the time desired, and we could not, therefore,
put the item into the bill; and we reported the bill
without it. But on the 30th of March he did fur-
nish the information. Then it was that the com-
mittee ordered that the amendment should be of-
fered to the bill. These are the facts; and I state
them, merely to put the Committee of Ways and
Means in a right position before this committee.
Mr. FITCH. I presume it was a blunder of
the Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was not a blunder.
Mr. FITCH. This is the first I have heard of
the Committee 011 Indian Affairs having been noti-
fied by the Ways and Means of their intention to
introduce the amendment. I presume no such
notice was given. It was perfectly proper for the
chief clerk to decline giving the information, with-
out the direction of his chief. He could not prop-
erly do so. It should have been sought at the
Indian bureau.
Mr. HOUSTON. That wasa fact. Twomem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means went
to the bureau of Indian Affairs for this very in-
formation; and why that committee gave no notice
to the Committee on Indian Affairs—otherwise
than that I had the pleasure to give my friend from
Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] that the Committee of
Ways and Means had instructed me to offer this
amendment—was not because this information
had not been sought by the Committee of Ways
and Means, but on account of remissness in the
Indian bureau.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Fitch, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after the amend-
ment just adopted, viz:
For expenses of romoval and subsistence of Choctaws,
$50,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. That amendment is offered
in obedience to a treaty under date of September
15, 1830, and in obedience to the sixteenth article
of that treaty which provides for the removal of
the Choctaws from the east to the west of the
Mississippi river. Those who have hitherio ex-
amined into that matter will recollect that the
Government had great difficulty to get those In-
dians to remove, and there are now a thousand
of them still remaining scattered throughout the
States of Mississippi, Alabama, and Tennessee.
The Committee of Ways and Means have rejected
this item for their removal. It cannot be that they
have any objection to it, because it is not a defi-
ciency ^ince we find this same item for this same
service in the preceding deficiency bills of the last
Congress. And the only objection I know of that
can be offered is to be found m the allegation—and
to that I wish to address my remarks, if I can
have time—that they have been provided for once,
by a donation of lands, and that now, when they
remove, it must be at their own expense.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) Allow me to
make an explanation.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman can have an-
other opportunity to offer his explanation, as I want
to occupy my five minutes. I say this amendment
is for the removal of these Indians, in obedience
to a treaty of this Government, which we all ac-
knowledge, and which has been in existence for a
long time, and is not a disputed fact. These In-
dians are there, and want to be removed to the ter-
ritory west of the Mississippi, where the remain-
der of the tribe now are. The treaty contained
alternative provisions, and the Indians were left
to accept either of them. The one was, that they
might remain, and retain & certain amount of
lands, and after a specified time have the title of
the lands made perfect to them. The other was,
that if they chose to remove west, their expenses
in removal should be paid by the Government.
The Government, it is found, have disregarded the
terms of this treaty, and sold the lands promised
to be reserved to them, so that the Indians could
not afterwards get a title. The Government, find-
ing the injustice they had done these Indians, pre-
pared to make amends to them, and in 1842 passed
an act by which they gave scrip to the Indians, to
the amount of the land which the Government had
disposed of, and which ought to have gone to
those Indians. One half of that scrip subsequently
becoming lost to the Indians by the operation of
speculators, the Government, for the purpose of
saving the remainder, funded it, and agreed to pay
to the Indians the interest upon it, in the shape of
annuity. That is thecondition in which the Indians
stand at the present time. Now, gentlemen, the
Committee of Ways and Means contend that this
Government is not bound to remove them. Sir, the
Indians themselves are forced to resort to the other
alternative in that treaty. They first resorted to the
alternative of the treaty allowing them to take the
lands. The Government sold the land, and thus
deprived them of the power to take it, and they are
consequently compelled to remove. The Govern-
ment gave them something in lieu of the land, but
the Government never contended that they had for
one moment deprived them of the alternative of
being removed, under the sixteenth section of this
treaty, to wit, removal at the expense of the Gov-
ernment itself. The Government never contended
for it, and these gentlemen of the Committee of
Ways and Means are the first men that I have
ever heard assert such a thing, or draw any such
conclusion. The Government, from the very be-
ginning of their injustice in depriving those Indians
of the land which they were entitled to under the
reservations of the treaty, haveadmitted and judged
that they were entitled to be removed, under the
other section of the treaty, and have gone on con-
stantly, to this hour, to remove them, and pay the
expenses of it. Now, the Committee of Ways
and Means sagely allege that these Indians have
to remove themselves at their own expense, if I
am correctly informed. Sir, to the enlightened
judgment of that committee we are indebted, for
the first time, for a decision which confirms a pre-
vious act of injustice upon the part of this Govern-
ment towards that tribe, in violation of treaty stip-
ulations, and to reject their rights, giving a con-
struction which no past Administration of this
Government, from the year 1842, when the injus-
tice was first acknowledged by this Government,
had given to it. I defy them to produce such a con-
struction as would deprive those Indians of the
right to be removed by this Government at its
expense, in obedience of the sixteenth article of
the treaty.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As one member
of the Committee of Ways and Means, I must
tender my thanks to my friend from Arkansas,
[Mr. Johnson,] for the information which he gives
of the reasons why the committee rejected this
estimate for the removal of the Choctaws. It is
new to me, sir, that the Committee of Ways and
Means rejected it on the ground that the Choctaws
should remove themselves. I certainly never had
any such idea that the Choctaws should remove
themselves. If my recollections are right about
this item for the removal of the Choctaws, it is,
that when we took it up for examination, we
looked back to the deficiency bill of the last ses-
sion of Congress. In that bill there was appro-
priated $20,000 for the removal of the Choctaws
west of the Mississippi. When we looked at the
regular appropriation bills for the Indian affairs,
we found no appropriation whatever, and no esti-
mate submitted for the current year, for the re-
moval of the Choctaws. We did not incorporate
this provision into the bill, because we had no in-
formation as to what had become of the amount
asked for in the deficiency bill of the last session,
and which, we might reasonably and naturally
conclude, would be sufficient to complete the re-
moval of the Indians, from the fact that no appro-
priation was asked for for the new current year
which these deficiencies are intended to supply.
If, sir, we had had this information as to what
they had done with the last appropriation asked
for, and which was granted, and what amount
would be required to perfect and complete the re-
moval of these Indians, I doubt not that the com-
mittee would have given it to them. If the treaty-
requires them to be removed,"of course this Gov-
ernment must do it.
But it is said—I do not know with how much
truth—that some of the Indians who were removed
west have come back; and perhaps sometimes
some of the contractors may be assenting to it, for
the purpose of removing them again. Now, sir,
I should be glad—not that I know anything upon
this subject—if gentlemen would incorporate a
proviso in this bill, that the Indian agent shall de-
termine whether any of the Indians now upon this
side of the Mississippi have been removed west;
and if so, that they shall not be removed again at
the expense of the Government,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am glad to
answer the gentleman. There have been instances
of that sort; and the Indian department, in the
performance of their executive duty, have come to
the solemn decision, that they will not again pay
the expense of the removal of a single Indian that
has ever been removed; and the superintendents"
I of the removal of these Indians to the west shall
now keep a close watch for every case of that sort,
and refuse payment of removal in such cases.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Now, I would
like to know—for I have not received that inform-
ation from the Indian bureau—if the amount now
asked for will complete the removal of all the
Choctaws to their new homes west of the Missis-
sippi '
Mr. JOHNSON. It is estimated by the de-
partment, after minute inquiry in regard to the
matter, that it will.
Mr. JONES. I am glad to hearit; and the gen-
tleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] and the
Committee on Indian Affairs, had information—
upon which they ask this appropriation—which
the Committee of Ways and Means did not have
at the time they declined to incorporate the item
into the deficiency bill.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Johnson; and it was agreed to.
The following clause in the bill was then read:
" For this sum to cover arrearages for and on account of
contingencies of the Indian Department, $19,000."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to amend
this clause, by striking out "$12,000," and in-
serting " $22,500."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I refer, Mr.
Chairman, to the estimates furnished by the de-
partment, and I find, " For this sum, to cover ar-
rearages for and on account of the Indian depart-
ment, $22,500." The Committee of Ways and
Means, sir, in examining this article, and deter-
mining upon what they would report, have struck
out of that amount the sum of $10,000; thus re-
ducing the item to §12,500. I move to strike it
out, in accordance with the recommendations con-
tained in those estimates. I will state now, sir,
what, perhaps, those gentlemen did not consider
sufficiently; or what, perhaps, they may not have
known. If they did not know it, it accounts for
the fact of their reducing this sum. This deficien-
cy, sir, is one, as we are aware, for which it is
impossible that any department, on exact data,
could make any estimate; and I will give you such
data, as may be possible. There are now but $50
on hand in the bureau. Already, sir, that bureau,
having no question in the world of the willingness
of Congress to carry on the operations of the bu-
reau, have gone on, in the absence of sufficient
contingency, and incurred expenditures in fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations, &c.—$5,000 for the St.
Louis superintendence, and $5,000 for the North-
western superintendence, and a demand of $5,000
more for the superintendence for the Indians who
live between Arkansas, Texas, and New Mexico;
thus making an immediate necessity for a sum of
$15,000. Here is one necessity; but the Ways
and Means committee propose to give us only
|12,500. Thus, if v ou were to give $15,000, you
would have left in the department hut $50, to pay
the expenses necessarily incurred to comply with
our treaties with the Indians—to convey to them
clothing, and the various articles which it was
agreed should be furnished them.
Therefore, I say, sir, that upon full examina-
tion of the matter, the amount of $12,500 is much
too small. If you appropriate $12,500, a large
part of those expenses, actually incurred underan
