185-2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1751
kept there, for the surveyor genernl located at St.
Louis is surveyor general for Missouri and Illi-
nois. In addition to that, there are officers in the
Quartermaster 's Department or Commissary's De-
partment, constantly stationed at St. Louis, and
it is necessary that they should have offices in
which to transact their business. The supplies
necessary for the troops upon the Mississippi and
Missouri rivers, and upon the Plains, are pur-
chased in that city. It was designed at the time
the appropjiatiou was made for the erection of a
custom-house and independent treasury building
that these offices should be kept in that building.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in a report in rela-
tion to custom-houses, and to which reference has
been made by other gentlemen, has mentioned
that ^37,0()0 were now necessary for the comple-
tion of the building. At the first session of the
last Congress the sum of $75,000 was appropriated
for the purchase of a site and the erection of a
building. There was the same provision in that
law, that the cost of the construction should not
be more than £75,000. But the Secretary of the
Treasury found that the site cost moie money
than was expected. Thirty-seven thousand dol-
lars have been expended in the purchase of a site,
and that amount of money is wanted-for the pur-
pose of completing the edifice.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Phelps's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. FREEMAN. I oiler the following amend-
ment:
For the completion of a marine hospital at Vicksburg,
on a bite purchased for that purpose by the Secretary of the
Treasury, .^30,008.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair thinks that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. FREEMAN. Five thousand dollars have
been appropriated for the purchase of a site.
The CHAIRMAN. It has no connection with
custom-houses, and therefore it is not in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL submitted an amendment
appropriating §50,000 to rebuild the custom-house
at New Haven, Connecticut.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair if that
amendment is in order? There is no pretext, I
suppose, for saying that it is to supply a defi-
ciency. It is a proposition to commence a new
work. There is no authority for it at all, no es-
timate—nothing of the sort.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. These other appropriations
are for works which have been already com-
menced, and are all estimated for.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that a
proposition to rebuild a house is like a proposi-
tion to build a house in the first instance.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will state that this mat-
ter has been referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, who, I understand, are in favor of the ap-
propriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
does not alter the case.
Mr. MILLSON. I offer the following amend-
ment: . •
For completing the custom house at Norfolk, Virginia,
$50,000.
Mr. Chairman, at the last Congress an act was
passed appropriating $50,000 for the election of a
custom-house, and the purchase of a site, at Nor-
folk, Virginia. My constituents being exceed-
ingly modest as well as economical, supposed that
$50,000 would be sufficient to erect the building.
Tin1 Treasury Department, however, entertains a
different opinio'1, and I beg he House to under-
stand that I am submitting ihi • amendment not
at the instance of my constituents at all, but be-
cause the Secretary of the Treasury has stated to
the House, that the amount appropriated is insuf-
ficient to complete the building. I will state that
this communication was made to the House, not
only without any prompting from me, or my con-
stituents, but even without my knowledge. I had
intended to wait until the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill came up, before bringing this mat-
ter to the attention of the committee, but as it
seems to be settled that the proper mode of pro-
ceeding is to introduce these applications for defi-
ciencies at the present time, I will content my-
self by submitting the amendment which I ha\e
offered.
I will read to the committee what the Secretary
of the Treasury says upon the subject:
" The act of Congress limits the co?t of the building at
Norfolk, at .$50,000, besides the proceeds arising fro.n the
sale of the old custom-house. No Mte has yet been selected,
but tlie amount appiopriated is not deemed sufficient fbr a
suitable building at that port, and it is respectfully recom-
mended that the appropriation should be increased $50.000."
I believe that the Committee on Ways and
Means would have passed favorably upon this ap-
propriation. I have no doubt they would have
done so when the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill came up. I \yill state, however, tftat
since that report was made to the Blouse by the
Secretary of the Treasury, a site has been pur-
chased for an amount which leayes the residue of
the appropriation utterly insufficient, as I think,
to complete the building.
The question was then taken on Mr. Million's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to.
The followng clauses of the twenty-fifth amend-
nient-of the Senate were then severally read, con-
idered, and agreed to, vifc:
"loth. For arrears of contingent expenses in the Post
Office Department, .$7,500.
" 11th. For compensation to temporary cler&s employed
conditionally to bung up arrears of business in tlieDead
Lettei Office, £1,002 67.
" J2th. For fuel for the General Post Office building,"from
the 20tii ot February, 1852, to the end of the season,$750."
The thirteenth clause of the twenty-fifth amend-
ment coming up next in order, was read by the
Clerk, as follows:
" For the payment of the salaries of the special agents of
the Post Office Department, to the end ot the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1859, $11,500."
Mr. HENN. I move to strike out that appro-
priation; and I do it for the purpose of asking the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means
whether it is to pay an additional number of spe-
cial agents, or whether it is to pay the regular sal-
aries of the usual number of agents.
Mr. HOUSTON. At the second session of the
Thirty-first Congress, a law was passed to in-
crease the salaries of the special agents from
$1,000 to §1,600. To that law a proviso was at-
tached, that no greater amount should be applied
than^was appropriated in that bill. The object of
the proviso was to confine the number of special
agents to those who were then in the employment
of the Post Office Department. The Postmaster
General found, however, that he could not get
along with that number of special agents. He
has, therefore, considering that he had the discre1
tion, instead .of giving them $1,600, increased the
number of special agents, and the whole amount
appropriated by the last Congress for this pur-
pose has been paid over to the special agents at
the rate of $1,000 apiece, except probably one
agent. The object of this appropriation is to in-
crease the salaries of all of the special agents in
the employment of the Department—1 think some
sixteen or eighteen.
Mr. HENN. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, if he does not con-
sider that the Department employs more of these
special agents than is necessary?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is difficult for me to an-
swer that question, and do justice to myself and
the Department.
Mr. HENN. I am satisfied that there have
been more Post Office agents in the part of the
country which I represent than were at all neces-
sary. They have been employed for political
purposes', and 1 do not wish to vote for an appro-
priation for the payment of men whose whole
business has been political.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to this appro-
priation myself. I opposed it in the committee.
A majority of the committee, however, thought it
| was nccessary to make it, and they therefore
overruled me; and I take it for granted that resist-
i ance to an appropriation m this committee will
1 amount to but little. I therefore submit the facts
1 as I have stated them to this House.
I Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, moved to decrease
I the amount of the appropriation to one dollar, and
| said: Mr. Chairman, I recollect very well the
' history of that provision of the law. An apph-
i cation was made to the Committee of Ways and
i Means at the last Congress in respect to this sub-
ject. The ground upon which the Department
! pkeed it was, that they wanted to give an increase
I of salary in order that they might get a superior
j order of men. It was represented to us that if
! we would increase the salaries of these officers,
they would be satisfied with a fewer number, and
we took them at their worcf.
Mr. AVERETT. I ask my colleague if this
appropriation does not go directly in the teeth of
an express provision of the bilf of the last Con-
gress ?
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly, it does.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will read the provision o£
the law passed at the last session of Congress; it
is as follows:
" JLnd be itfurther enacted, That the Postmaster General
is hereby authorized allow hereafter to the special agents
of the Post Office Department annual salaues of $1,600:
Provided, That no more sMH be expended for this purpose
dming the present year than is already appropriated m this
act."
Well, the amount appropriated in this act was
$35,000; so that, as I stated before, the object and
intention of Congress, as clearly expressed in the
law, was that no more than $35,000 should be ex-
pended, but that in expending that amount the
salaries of the special agents then in the employ-
ment of the Department might be increased. But
the Postmaster General thought fit to increase the
number of special agents, and has absorbed the
money in that way without increasing the sala-
ries of those then in the employ of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. EVANS. I understand the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to say that
the Postmaster General found it necessary for the
public service not to increase the salaries, but to
employ an additional number of special agents.
The gentleman upon my left [Mr.- Hens] says that
these agents have been employed for political pur-'
poses. I do not know how it maybe in his coun-
try, but I will do justice to the last Administra-
tion—that of Mr. Polk—and to the present Ad-
ministration, and say, that nowhere in our part of
the country were they employed for any such
purpose under Mr. Polk's administration, nor are
they now. They have been employed in making
valuable detections in many cases. I do not know
what motive the Postmaster General could have
in increasing the number of special agents unless
he found it absolutely necessary. The.operations
of these special agents are always secret, and have
to be so in order to be effective; and I have no
doubt'the Postmaster General found it necessary
to increase the number in order to make detections.
Are we now to take away the salaries after the
service has been performed ? The gentleman from
Alabama admits that these salaries were increased
to §1,600, and therefore this is not a violation of
law.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman misunder-
stands me. This appropriation is intended to in-
crease the salaries, not only of those who were in
the employ of the Government at the time the law
was passed, but of all who have been appointed
since that time, from §1,000 to $1,600.
Mr. EVANS. Well, their "salaries were fixed
at $1,600.
Mr. HOUSTON. At the time the law passed
there were, say ten of these special 'agents em-
ployed. I do not know the precise number. The
law said you might increase the salaries of these
officers to $ 1,600, provided that no more than was
appropriated should be expended, which was
$35,000. The Postmaster General found it neces-
sary to employ a larger number, and he could not
give them $1,600, but was compelled to keep the
salaries down to £1,000, and now the special agents,
not only those who were already employed, but
those appoimed since, apply to have their salaries
increased up to 5,1,600.
Mr. EVANS. Itis as I understood it precisely.
The compensation ought to be $1,600. There is
no propriety in striking it out.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. BAYLY. I withdraw my amendment, if
there is no objection, as I prefer the one offered
by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Hess.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Hens,] to strike out the clause.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose to'reduce the appro-
priation §1,000.
I desire to submit a short expfanation in relation
to this appropriation. By tWlegisiation of Con-
gress. the salaries of these special agents of the
Post Office Department were increased to the sum
of §1,600 per annum. Prior to that time, they
