1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
actual and imperious necessity, must be left un-
paid-, these debts will have to stand there, and if
they are not paid, the department will have to ar- ;
rest its movements. They are bound from this
time to do so. Whenever they incur debts on
the part of the Government, without an appro-
priation already being made, as we have seen, 1
they must incur the severe censure of a disregard !
of absolute law. Now, sir, to transport this i
clothing for the Indians, and all things stipulated :
for them by the treaty, they must wait until the i
general appropriation bill has passed. And when !
will that be ? Why, sir, in July, August, or Sep- !
tember; and it wilt be again this year, as it oc~ !
curred once or twice before, that they will not be ,
able to convey the articles, annuities, &c., stipu-
lated for by the treaty, and agreed to be paid, 1
until the spring has closed and the cold weather j
has set in, so that the Indians will not be able to j
collect together without great expense, and vast
personal suffering.
Mr. DUNHAM. It will be recollected, sir, that !
in the annual appropriation bill we appropriated |
money for every regular expenditure of the In- i
dian service placed under the control of the Com- j
missioner of Indian Affairs. We also gave him I
a large sum, as contingencies, if I am not mis- ;
taken, for I have not the bill before me, of about j
$36,000. He now, sir, comes in, and for this i
same year, after having expended that amount, [
asks us to place at his unrestricted discretion j
$22,500 more, as contingencies. We thought this ;
was an enormous contingency, after having the j
former appropriation of §>36,000, besides the spe- '
cific appropriations for every branch of the ser- ;
vice, and we requested the Commissioner of In- j
dians Affairs to give us some idea of what use he j
made of this money. He sent us back an an- i
swer that he wanted it for this thing and that J
thing and the other thing; but that he could not give :
us any particular information about it. In other
words, the substance of his answer was, We want
this money to use as we think proper, and we
want you to give it us. Now, it is for the com-
mittee to say whether they are willing, upon this
information, to give it to him.
Now, sir, I think if the gentlemen who were so
anxious about the quartermaster's department,
would inquire into this matter, they would find
something much worse here; for the Indian bureau,
after having expended this sum of §36,000 without
any knowledge on our part as to how it has been
expended, comes here, and asks to have this further
appropriation placed at their discretion. If the
committee dispose of this money 
(Here the hammer fell.]
Mr FITCH. I move to amend, by increasing
the appropriation $500. The appropriation of last ,
year for the contingent fund of the Indian depart- |
ment was $.36,000. The year previous it was 1
about the same sum; but in one year (3849) there ;
was no contingent appropriation at all. About that
time, the duties of the office of the Indian bureau
became considerably extended, in consequence of ,
a large acquisition of territory. Thousands of ;
Indians were brought under its supervision, with
whom before we had nothing to do, and it was i
compelled to engage in treaties, and subject itself j
to expense, which, prior to that time, it was not ,
expccted would be incurred. At the time the i
contingent fund of the last year was appropriated, ■
it had been in a great measure already anticipated, i
It having been satisfactorily explained by the Com- ;
missioner of Indian Affairs, that this sum of |
$22,000 is absolutely necessary to supply a real ;
deficiency, not a prospective one—a deficiency
growing out of the great extension of our territory :
over an^ immense Indian country—I trust that it
will be granted. lam not among those, of course,
who defend the immense appropriations asked for
by the departments to supply deficiencies, or min- '
ister to their extravagance; and will say now, for 1
it may be as well stated here as at any other time,
that 1 desire to add this appropriation to this bill
for the benefit of the Indian bureau, because I ,
think it just and proper; but I am opposed to some
of the appropriations made for the quartermaster 's ;
department, and may vote against the entire bill
unless they are struck out. The necessity for the
contingent fund for which the Commisioner of
Indian Affairs asks, has been explained, as before
remarked, fully, and to the satisfaction, probably,
of every member of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. The omission in one year to supply an
adequate contingent fund, embarrassed the depart-
ment—an embarrassment, from which they have
not yet recovered. It is a deficiency to provide
for the payment of debts already contracted, and
money expended, the contingent fund appropri-
ated last year having been mostly anticipated and
paid out for arrearages of the year previous. I
trust the amendment of the gentleman from Ar-
kansas will be adopted. My own is unimportant.
Mr. HOUSTON. From the arguments of the
two gentlemen advocating this amendment, I think
the committee should be satisfied that it ought not
to be agreed to. I am going to attack it alone
upon their arguments. I will, however, in the
first place, again appeal to my friend from Ar-
kansas, [Mr. Johnson,] if it is entirely agreeable
to him, to make his arguments upon the amend-
ments proposed, and not to use remarks, the effect
of which, it will be seen, is to bring the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means into disrepute in the
House.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I have cast any reflection
upon that committee in any unkindly spirit, I will
withdraw it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was going to remark upon
the argument of the gentleman from Arkansas in
favor of this amendment; and I trust he will give
me, for a moment, his attention. I understood
him to say that the Committee of Ways and
Means had proposed $12,000 under this contin-
gency head, when, in truth, several thousand dol-
lars had already been expended.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ten thousand dollars.
Mr. HOUSTON. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs says there is §10,000 ex-
pended already of the appropriation here asked.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] added
to that argument, by showing when you gave them
the contingent appropriation in the last Congress,
that it had been expended—anticipated. Now, if
these remarks are correct—and I have no doubt
that they are—does it not, then, admonish us that
this committee should draw up the reins there?
We must all know, that the most troublesome
fund—the most difficult appropriation we have
under our control, as a branch of the Congress of
the United States—is the contingent fund made to
the various departments. Those are appropria-
tions which necessarily exclude almost everything
like a restraint or limit. They are dangerous ap-
propriations. Although at first small m amount,
this contingency of the Indian bureau has grown,
withm the last year, to the sum of $36,-500. Now
it is proposed to add $22,500 to that; so that you
may judge what the contingent fund for the mere
Indian service soon will be hereafter, if you give
what they now ask.
Now, the Committee of Ways and Means en-
deavored to investigate into all of these contin-
gent appropriations; not only for the Indian bu-
reau, but that of every department in the public
service; and in every case where they have not
been furnished with information in detail, which
the department should furnish, they have rejected
it. I do not understand by what authority of
law the Indian department expends $36,000 in
advance of appropriation. I do not understand
by what authority of lav/ the Indian bureau ex-
pends $10,000 in advance of the deficiency appro-
priation bill in addition to $36,500 which was ap-
propriated during this fiscal year. I trust that
this committee will not sanction such a practice.
If gentlemen who have the charge of the subject
of the Indians, are not disposed "to cut loose from
ail restraint which Congress ought to hold over
these appropriations, and say they shall expend
the appropriation, not for legitimate objects, not
for objects known to the law, but contingent ob-
jects about which weknow nothing—objects about
which we cannot know anything until they report
the mode and manner of expenditure—then I say
that this appropriation should be made. In the
first place, it comes in a very questionable shape.
It is an appropriation, I believe, that ought never
to be made, could we avoid it. In some cases we
are obliged to make appropriations for contingen-
cies. In this case it is necessaiy to have some-
thing for contingency. We have already appro-
priated $36,500 for the last year. They ask
$22,500 more. I can see no reason for it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was-then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I move, pro forma, to increase She
appropriation $250, for the purpose of explaining
again how the deficiency occurred. The chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means thinks
this amendment is somewhat accountable, and he
charges that the Indian bureau—I do not under-
stand that he charges a violation of law—ought not
to have anticipated their contingencies by the ex-
penditure of money then to come in, and ask the
House to supply the deficiency. It was an un-
avoidable act. You voted a contingent fund two
years since, as I have already remarked, of
$36,500. When that contingency was voted,, it
nad already been, to a great extent, anticipated by
operations of the department in remote parts of
the country. Cast your eye over the immense
territory subject to the jurisdiction of the Indian
department, and members will not fail to see they
could not at that time know that such a deficiency
existed; but as the returns came in from one and
the other portion of our Indian country, they
found a contingent expense had already been in-
curred, which swallowed up the contingent fund
for that year. They were, then, compelled to pay
arrearages of that year out of the contingent fund
of the last year, and it is now asked that an appro-
priation shall be made to supply the deficiency
thus created in last year's fund. The chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means does not
understand how this contingent fund can be ap-
plied. I will state two cases which will strike the
mind of every member who has any knowledge
of Indian business—two items in which these con-
tingencies arise. You provide for the payment, at
a certain point, of a given sum of money by treaty
to Indians. That money must be paid there, and
being remote from any of your depositories, you
are compelled to transport it to that point. They
cannot estimate what the cost of transportation
will be, and it comes under the head of contin-
gencies.
Again: you contract with the Indians to de-
liver to them, at a certain place, a given amount of
goods. You cannot tell, in advance, what will be
the cost of the transportation ofthosegoods. There
is no estimate made for that purpose, but it is paid
out of the contingent fund; and thousands of dol-
lars are needed for those two items. Besides, un-
; expected treaties, which the bureau is called upon,
' by circumstances, to make with the Indians, re-
quire expenditures of money, which are defrayed
; out of the contingent fund. It was not my inten-
! tion to consume my five minutes. I shall say
! no more.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It may be some
: satisfaction to the committee, to give a short history
of this contingent fund. Trace back, if you please,
the appropriation lulls for many years, and you
! will find that, previous to our immense acquisi-
! tions of territory, by the annexation ofTexas, and
• the conquering of California and New Mexico,
' the contingent fund was about $36,500. Then,
knowing these facts; the largely-increased number
; of treaties made; the increased obligations which
; have been thrown upon us; the largely-increased
expenditures, which this Government has been
i compelled to make for subsistence furnished the
, Indians; the increase of agencies, and the travel-
; ing expenses of agents; the expense consequent
' upon the transportation of goods, of food, and of
the increased annuities to Indians, we cannot but
, conclude, that the contingent fund should be made
Lu-ger. We know the fact, that before our juris-
diction was extended over the immense country
• now belonging to us, that the Indian contingent
> fund was limited to about $36,000. We have re-
| cently appropriated but the same amount, although
: we have acquired Utah, New Mexico, and Call-
1 fornia, with the jurisdiction over the numerous
■ tribes of Indians'within their borders. I do not
' say Oregon, for the simple reason that her con-
' tingency fund is provided for by an independent
provision.
There has been no special provision for Utah,
, New Mexico, or California. The sum I have
mentioned was appropriated when our territory
was confined within the limits of the original thir-
j teen States, and although we have extended our
, Indian relations immensely, the bureau has putin
its estimates for no more than $36,500. It was
■ settled upon in the hope that they would be enabled
, to curtail this class of expenditures, although they
i knew that the Indian relations were immensely
increased and the area over which they had to act
j| greatly extended. It was put in for that amount
