Ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
with .the hope that the expenses of the depart-
ment could be cut down to §36,500. Now, that
will be enough to show, if there was no other rea-
son, that this appropriation should be made.
■There is anotKer reason still. During one year
there was no contingent fund appropriated. That
was in 1848. The consequence was, there was a
deficiency which has kept on from that time to the
present. I trust that this appropriation may be
granted by the committee, as it is right and just.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. What is the
amount of arrearage ?
Mr. JOHNSON. The precise amount of ar-
rearage .is not known.
Mr. DUNHAM made an inquiry which was
entirely inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will answer the gentleman.
There was still a surplus for IBIS-'9 under pre-
vious appropriations, and that surplus was not the
amount of appropriation by any means; and at
the same time it was not sufficient for the service
of the year 1849.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Edgeuton
and Clinuman were appointed.
The question was tnen taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 76, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next clause was then read as follows:
For officc-rent, fuel, stationery, See., lor the Superin-
tendent of Indian Altairs in Oregon, $1,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment, the effect of which will be to make
the above clause read as follows, viz:
For clerk-hire, fuel, stationery, &e„ for the Superin-
tendent ot tndian Atl'airs la Oregon, -j:j. ;u0.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 will state to the committee
that the estimate submitted to the Committee of
Ways and Means was $3,000 for clerk-hire, oifice-
ient, fuel, stationery, &c., for the superintendent
in Oregon. The committee reduced those items
to $1,000._ After the Superintendent of Indian
Affairs arrived here from Oregon, he came before
the Committee of Ways and Means, and gave the
cemmittee what he said was the lowest amount
for.which this service and these articles could be
obtained. The committee then determined to give
him for office-rent what he asked. The items for
fuel and stationery seemed to be moderate and
reasonable. The estimate for clerk hire the com-
mittee have stricken out. They became satisfied,
after that interview, that a clerk was necessary for
the superintendent there, and they have, therefore,
reinstated the item. The object of the amendment
now before the committee, is to reinstate the item
for clerk hire, with a salary reduced a few hun-
dred dollars below what the Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs asked. That is the amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would
like to know of the gentleman, whether there was
not an appropriation in the regular appropriation
bill of last year for the office of Supermtendentof
Indian affairs?
Mr. HOUSTON. Not for this year, as I un-
derstand it.
Mr. MARSHALL. For the fiscal year ending
in 1832 ? That is what I say.
Mr. HOUSTON. As I understand, there was
not. The law is before me, and I presume we can
\rery soon tell.
Mr. MARSHALL. My impression is. that
they struck out the stationery only.
Mr. FITCH. It was not for the last vear. 1
Mr. HOUSTON. It was the understanding of
the committee, that there was no such -wpropii-
priatton for this year. But the item is absolutely I
necessary, and for that reason the committee our- 1
pose to increase the amount. * j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers 1
on the amendment; which were not ordered '
The question was then taken, and the amend- '
rnent was agreed to.
Mr. McCORKLE. 1 propose the following ■
amendment:
For pawns the ci.art- of Hi,. Itsrfip,, -loll,.r of i
UlilfoniM. drawn upon the llcprtnienlof the i„u-,.o,yibr
supplies .urmshi'd, and expenses inclined in the ucntia- !
IE™ m„t,u°?^!..lhe Va"0U3 CH.ton.,a, j
_ Mr. McC. I wish, Mr. Chairman, to say a word i
in explanation, and favor of this amendment. !
1 he amount o, money asked to be appropriated !
by this amendment, is due various citizens of Cal- I
ifornia, for beef and other supplies furnished to
the Indian commissioners, who were appointed by
the President, and sent out to California with full
powers to negotiate treaties with the various In-
dian tribes inhabiting that State. The commis-
sioners, whether with or without the approbation
of the President, I shall not stop to inquire, adop-
ted the policy that it was better to clothe and feed
the Indians, than to fight them. "To clothe the
naked, and feed the hungry," ljeir.g an injunc-
tion of the bible, had peculiar force with these in-
nocent and immaculate commissioners, and they
; set about clothing these savages who had never
j! known before, the luxury of a shirt, and feeding
!: them beef, where, for generations, they had subsis-
ted on roots and acorns. To effect such benevo-
li lent and peaceful objects, the commissioners, being
the duly and legally authorized agents of the Ad-
!: ministration, entered into contracts with various
I, citizens of California to furnish the supplies of
clothing and provisions necessary to carry out
their peculiar and novel policy of reducing, and
conciliating the hostile Indians. Under these con-
tracts, relying upon the ability and faith of the
Government, the citizens of California undertook
and did furnish clothing, beef, and other supplies
to the amount asked for m the amendment which
I havejust offered. The money is justly due and
owing to them under these contracts, and drafts
drawn by the Indian commissioners upon the De-
partment of the Interior have been presented and
protested. I hold that it is a matter of simple
justice, to those citizens of California, who have
furnished these supplies, that they should be paid,
every article being furnished at a fair and reason-
able price. The commissioners have made the
contracts, and this Administration is justly bound
to pay the money. It is no bar to the demand of
these claimants tfiat the commissioners acted with-
out instructions. They were sent out to Cali-
fornia with full powers to make treaties with the
Indians, and this Administration is responsible for
their acts, and third parties and innocent persons
should not suffer on account of the incompetency
or dishonesty of Government agents.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desiie to make a brief ex-
planation. So far as I have any information on
this subject, no such estimate has been submit-
ted to the Committee of Ways and Means. I
take it for granted that the Committee on Indian
Aflaii swill be more familiar with this subject than
I can be. The gentleman from California states,
however, that this money is to pay for provisions
for Indians that have been, and probably are now,
being fed m California, under treaties that were
made by some agents or commissioners.
Mr. McCORKLE. By the Indian commis-
sioners.
Mr. HOUSTON. By the Indian commission-
ers, who transcended their authoiny, as must be
evident to the committee, by agreeing to execute
treaties before they were ratified by the Senate
1 understand, though not authentically, that the
commissioners have been removed—that their au-
thority has been revoked, because of the fact that
they transcended it, and not only made treaties,
but agreed to execute those treaties, and are now
in the execution of them, without regard to the
action of the Government here, either in approval
or disapproval of what they had done. 1 am in-
formed by the gentleman from California that the
drafts drawn upon the Government by these com-
missioners, m the execution of those treaties, be-
fore the Government has acted on them at all,
amount to nearly half a million of dollars. No
estimate for this item was submitted to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and therefore we did
not put it in the bill. The information which I
have given to the House may not be, in all par-
ticulars, correct, but I presume that it is substan-
tially so.
Mr. McCORKLE. I desire to make a brief
explanation.
Mr. HOUSTON. My time is not out, and I
will yield the balance of it to the gentleman from
California.
Mr. McuORKLL. It is true, as the honoiable
gentleman from Alabama has said, that a portion
of the supplies were furnished to these Indians
under contracts in carrying out the stipulations of
treaties which were formed with the Indians- but
a large portion of the money—I am not able to
say how much—is for contracts for beeffurnished
to the Indians before the treaties were formed
The Indian commissioners, in order to get the wild
savages in to treat with them, were obliged to hold
out some inducement to them, and they found the
most alluring bait they could hold out to them
was roast beef. This they offered in abundance,
and the Indians came ill and did make treaties;
and in order to obtain the consent of the Indians
to the treaties, and their observance of the treaty
stipulations, the commissioners contracted to con-
tinue feeding them, and those treaties will be ob-
served just so long as you continue to feed them,
and no longer.
But the point of the case is this. Citizens of
California, disinterested third parties, relying on
the faith of the Government, placed in the hands
of the commissioners, made contracts and fur-
nished beef—which will command cash in any part
of the State-—-to the Government, and are now lay-
ing out their money on it. It is therefore a just
and proper claim, and one which should be paid
without hesitation. There is no question about
the justice of the claim; for the contracts have
been made, and the papers are all on record in
the proper department, and many drafts have been
sent on here that have been protested.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to amend
the amendment by reducing the amount to ^20,000.
Mr. J. said: I offer that amendment for the pur-
pose of makinga very short statement. The hon-
orable chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means refers to myself, or to the committee of
which I am a member, and says that we should
know something about this matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. I said it was probable you
did.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well, sir. Now the
subject-matter of this item has never been before
our committee, officially, for examination. It has
never received any examination at our hands; and
all that I know in regard to it is what I have
learned in conversation" with the chief clerk of the
bureau, and from the legislation that has taken
place heretofore. During the last Congress the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs asked for the sum
of #75,000 to be appropriated towards the object
ill the carrying out of which these immense debts
have been created. Congress refused to vote
§75,000, but gave $25,000; and I understand that
directions were sent from the bureau that when
the ^25,000 thus appropriated was expended, the
authority of these agents of the Government to
make these treaties should cease, so far as re-
garded any further expenditure. That is the way
in which I understand the matter, and that is all
the explanation I can give to the House in re-
sponse to the call which has been made upon me
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. GENTRY. I am always ready fn vote
any sums that may appear to me necessary to
carry on the operation!; of the Government, and
proper m themselves. But the facts presented to
this committee now are not of such a character as
I think ought to induce the House to vote this
appropriation. If these commissioners have pro-
ceeded to California to make expenditures, and
treaties, and contracts not authorized by their in-
structions from the Government here, and for
which no appropriation had been made by Con-
gress, they have been proceeding there, to say the
least of it, with a very high hand, and if the legis-
lative branch of the Government shall give'lts
sanction to such proceedings, our agents in those
remote Territories—in California, Oregon, and
New Mexico, will very speedily bankrupt this
Gov eminent. I believe that this Congress ought
to set its face sternly against all attempts of this
cnaracter. I concur in what has been said in this
debate, that tile executive officers ev er/where
ought to be rigidly confined within the limits pre-
scribed by law, especially with respect to appro-
priations.
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish to speak out the gen-
tleman 's time. Here is an item of appropriation
of $520,000, which the committee ore called to
vote upon, and the history of which is this: No
item for this purpose was included in the estimates
sent to the House by the department, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means. The
Government, whose business it is to know what
ought to be appropi iated, have not known that
tins item was of that description. They have
made no estimate fur this purpose. It has not
been brought in any way before the Ways and
