1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
Means, nor is it recommended by the Committee
on Indian Affans, who have taken under their
consideration, most minutely and zealously, these
appropriations for the Indian service, and whose
course here has shown that they are by no means
disposed to omit anything that they think ought
to be allowed. They have considered this matter,
but they have not directed their chairman to re-
port an appropriation for this purpose. The state-
ment of the chairman indicates his own opinion
that it ought not to be allowed. The committee
are now called upon, on the mere statement of the
gentleman from California, to appropriate this
item of more than $500,000. The facts are, that an
appropriation—not of $75,000, but, I believe, of
§100,000, as appears from the general appropria-
tion bill, was granted, for the purpose of entering
into negotiations with these Indians.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It was only
§25,000.
Mr. HIBBARD. The gentleman is right; it
was an appropriation for another purpose which
1 had in my mind. The amount is different, but
the principle is the same. Twenty-five thousand
dollars was all that was deemed necessary for this
purpose; and the commissioners had this author-
ity, and this alone—for the appropriation was all
their warrant. There was no statute authorizing ■'
these negotiationsj except the appropriation for j|
that purpose. The beginning and the end, the ;j
fountain of their whole power to act, was that ap- i|
propriation of $25,000; yet the commissioners have n
gone on, and expended over $500,000. That is !j
the astounding fact brought up here to the knowl- I]
edge of the committee; and the committee is asked
to sanction it, by granting this appropriation. I j;
do not know but that they will do it—but that
Congress will indorse, and the President approve
it. But, if it is done, I wish the fact to go out to !
the country, that it is done without any mvestiga- !;
tion, or examination, or approval, by any Depart- }j
rnent, or by any committee of either branch ofj1'
Congress, and solely upon the facts just now dis- jj
closed. !j
[Herethe hammer fell.] j"
The question was then taken on the amendment f,
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to. \\
Mr. WALSH, f move to amend the amend- H
ment, by reducing the amount to five dollar.-. I
have a word or two to say upon this subject. The
question, as it «seems to me, involves the public I
faith. The way to enforce responsibility is To ;
punish the agents signally, but to regard the con- ij
tracts of our lecoirmzed agents.
Mr. GENTRY. I ask my friend, does it ap- jj
pear that these men had o right to pledge the laith |,
of the Government ?
Mr. WALSH. Yes; they were pent out there \\
to treat with the Indians. ji
Air. GENTRY. But not with unlimited pow- ji
era. i;
Mr. lIlBijARD. 1 ask the gentleman, if it be j
a legal principle that if the agent exceeds his au- ij
thority, you are bound to ratify his contracts? i!
Mr. WALSH. I say that, in regard to private ;
agencies, if you appoint a general agent, and he ji
exceeds his particular authority, as a. point of law,
you are hound bv his acts. But I say that the prin- [
oiple is entirely differentia regard to Governments, j'
A gentleman, the other day, referred to the prac- j
tice of the English Government m these cases, l!
Sir, the English Government would never dishon- |i
or the draft of an agentabroad. They would pun- ij
ish him, if necessary, but when they send a man ;j
out indorsed as a public agent, the uniform prac- ij
tice of that Government is to accept his drafts, 11
Now, what are the facts in this case? it is not \\
only the people of California who are interested
in this matter. These drafts are negotiable instru- ;;
merits put out by the agent of the Government in |
California, and they have got into the hands of in- ji
noeent parties here on the A tlantic const; and we -
are now told that an appropriation, of which no- ;
body knew, is to limit the amount that these per-
sons are to be paid. Why. these agents were
authorized to collect the Indians together  !,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, (interrupting.)
I should like to ask the gentleman if that agent j
did not resign immediately after he drew the :i
drafts ? !
Mr. WALSH. I know nothing about the fact !
whether he resigned or not. I kiuvv nothing of ,
the circumstances of his fraud; but, in order to
affect the rights of third parties, the fraud of the ;i
agent must be brought home to them. No defense
can be made by the Government on the ground
that their agent committed fraud, unless you can
make the cr< ditors, who relied on the faith of that
agent, partake and approve of the fraud.
Mr. GENTRY. If he has contracted to the
amount of ^5,000,000 or §10,000,000, are we
bound ?
Mr. WALSII. That would only be evidence
of his fraud, and you could hold it up to show
that these parties in California were guilty also.
But does the gentleman mean to insinuate that the
people of California, have colluded with the agent5
^There is no such pretense m this case. Does he
'mean to say that the holders of the drafts on the
Atlantic coast have been guilty of such collusion?
•There is not a particle of any such pretense. The
agent went there to carry out the policy of the
Government. He gave the Indians beef and cloth-
ing, and the policy of the Government—for that
is in question—has always been to make these
people approach what is usual in civilized life.
But he contracted these debts. People in Califor-
nia, on the faith of his character as an agent of the
Government, furnished him with these necessaries.
He was authorized to draw the drafts in question,
which are negotiable instruments, and they have
been taken, on the faith of his public character,
by innocent parties here, on the Atlantic sea-board.
And can it be pretended, in a case of that descrip-
tion, where you sent a man out as commissioner,
with geneial authority to treat, and with no limit
to his agency brought home to the knowledge of
those who contracted with him, that you can re-
pudiate his acts of agency because he exceeded
his authority? I say, without detaining the com-
mittee longer, that on the principle which the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard]
suggests, you cannot set up such a defense in a
case referring to a private individual who has
created a genero! agent, unless you can show the
Limitation by which you seek to control that
agent, and unless you can also show that the par-
ties who contracted with him knew of the limita-
tion which you had put upon him. And I say
further, that whether he be a general agent or not,
the principle is universal nx applicable to (-Govern-
ments—to the British Government, and. to every
ether Government.
Mr. STANLY Is ilus amount the appropria-
tion of halt a million of dollars asked for by the
gentleman fiom California, [Mr. McCorkle']
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. STANLY. This claim may be right and
just, es the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Walsh] says it is, but what evidence have we
that it is? Has the Department sanctioned it?
Has it been investigated by any committee of this
House? i am somewhat surprised that this prop-
osition should come from and be advocated by the
other side of the House—by the economical side
of the House, who talk so loudly of the enormous
expenditures of the Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why, it has been advocated
on your side of the House.
Mr. STANLY. Bat a majority of the yther
tide have acquiesced m it, as 1 understand.
Now, if there is, any evidence that the faith of
this Government is pledged in this matter, if it be
$5,000,0(10 instead of $500,000, I will vote for it.
But I say it is not right to admit it, under the ex-
isting state of Hi ngs—to pass this amendment
without further investigation into the matter, i
do not think it right to put this half a million dol-
lars m the deficiency bill, and I hope the commit-
tee vvill vote it down.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to call tne attention uf the
committee to the facts in this casc,andnoi to con-
sume any of its time by any argument. An appro-
priation of %100,UU0 was asked for at the other end j
of thisCnpuol,ar first. But $25,000 was allowed, 1
however. Afterwards ^25,000 more was alluwed.
The authorities then sent to this agent, or com-
missioner, or superintendent, or whatever he was,
instructions that he should enter into no arrange-
ment by winch he should exceed that amount.
He did"exceed it, however, and now amies heie
and as! s tins Government to pay the debt which
was contniUeu in violation of law. These are the
facta. I trust the amendment willbe voted down.
The question was then put,and the amendment ■
to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HIBBARD. i move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking it down to one dollar
It has been urged by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Walsii,] that the Government was
bound to pay the debt, because it had established
a general agency—because, he said, this agent
was invested with general powers. Why, sir,
there was no general power given to this agent.
He was sent cut for a purpose specified in this
appropriation. He was a special agent appointed
for a special purpose, and with limited powers.
The agency was created by no law, other than
the clause m the bill making the appiopriation, a
manner of authorizing new undertakings improp-
er in my judgment, but often practicable here.
He was specially instructed and restrained in re-
lation to the sum of money he was to expend.
He was limited to $25-000. I repeat, that this-
appropriation is for a matter in which this Gov-
ernment is not justly bound. The agent had no
authority bylaw, except that I have alluded to,
by which he was restricted to the sum of $25,000.
lie was authorized to go there and negotiate with
these Indians to that extent, and not beyond it.
The limitation is as plain as words can make it,
and there is no principle in law, equity or com-
mon sense, that could hold an individual respon-
sible in such a case, or that can hold a Govern-
ment responsible. The debt was contracted, not
by authority of law, but in direct disobedience to
a specific law. Then, instead of being called upon
to make this appropriation by which you would
justify and cover up this transaction, let the first
step Ge taken at the first proper time to call those
oifendeis to the tribunal of the Legislature, and
of the people of the country, for this gross and
palpable violation of their public duty, in thus go-
ing on, when $25,000 were appropriated, and when
they were instructed to limit their expenditures to
that amount to expend over half a million of dollars.
I will not undertake to say, what is the proper name
of the act of which they are guilty, nor what pun-
ishment is due for such a violation of duty.
The gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Sta.vly,] spoke of this amendment being support-
ed by this side of the House. Why, sir, the
only legal argument in its justification has come
from the gentleman's side of the House, and was
made by the gentleman from Maryland. [Mr.
Walsh"]
Mr. WALSH. One word in reply to the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire. The gentleman
says this agent was limited in the amount he was
to expend m the public service,and that he had no
authority to contract beyond that amount. There
was no such limit put upon him. Am I to he told
timt when you send a man cbroad io purchase
goods, and give him secret instructions tiiat he is
not to make any contract bv which he shallpledge
your credit to the amount of more than $25,000, yet
that agent, in violation of your secret instructions,
does pledge your credit, to more than that amount,
that you are not to be bound by that contract, and
that it canuot be enforced against you ? Why, sir,
if that question were fo come up before any court
of justice in the country, it would have been
scouted at The hmuation in this ease is upon
the amount, not upon the authority.
Mr. FULLER. Will the gentleman permit me
to a&k him a question? Is not every man, who
contracts v/idi a Government agent, bound by law
to know his authority to make that contract?
Mr. WALSH. No, sir: he is not. When you
send an agent into a count]y like California, the
people of that section of country cannot possibly
know upon what precise authority he comes, or
what are the precise powers with which he h
vestcd. Your laws, lelaUnjr to this uise were
scarcely know n there at all when this agent arrived
for the puip^se of negotiating with that people in
relation to these Indians. The gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hinnuii'j denies this prin-
ciple. Sir, i state it, without fear of successful
contradiction. He may search the records of the
JBiitish Government, from the time of its organi-
zation, and you cannot tfrd a solitary instance in
winch iliey have protested the draft of a recog-
nized agent. How are the people of a distant
country to know the authonty of your agent? A
regai d for public faith, as well as national charac-
ter, should be preserved, no matter at what cost
in dollars and cents.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Maryland a question.
The gentleman says the British Government nevei
protests its drafts.
