890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
• Mr. WALSH. No; not when they are by one
of its,recognized agents.
.-Mr. STANTON. I think the gentleman is
m'staken. I ask if it is in the power- of that Gov-
ernment to pay a cent which is not appropriated
by Parliament?
Mr. WALSH. The British Government have
nniformly paid its drafts when they come under
the authority of its recognized agents. It has been
paid them because the faith of the Government
was pledged. It is true, Parliament inquires into
such cases. It institutes precisely such inquiries
as you have often done here to ascertain whether
the parties ought to be trusted; and if they find
they have been guilty of fraud, they will not pay
until the parties present themselves in person be-
fore the-public counsels.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will state a
feet which wilL present this matter in a peculiar
phase. I understand, when this $25,000 was ap-
propriated, it was sent out with special instruc-
tions to the agent that he should make no contract
by which this amount should be transcended.
Then I understand—and the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. McCorkle] can state whether it be
trile—that when this amount had been expended,
the agent declined to go on any further with the
negotiations, by which he should make himself
responsible. That he told them that if they went
on to make any further contract involving a larger
expenditure with him, they must look to the Gov-
ernment for their pay, for he had no authority.
Mr. WALSH. If that fact appears, of course
it makes an end to my argument. I am stating
legal principles, and if that fact which the gentle-
man has stated, be made to appear, why, upon
that ground, it shows a want of bonajidiness upon
the part of those contractors, who have contracted
in the absence of all agency upon the part of the
Government. If this fact is made to appear, there
is an end of the argument; and these Government
drafts are placed in a very different light.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then put, and the amendment
to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move to
amend the amendment by reducing the appropri-
ation two dollars.
I think the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Walsh] is mistaken in some of the points in his
argument, in reference to the legal principles which
he lays down. It is very clear, as a principle of
law, that a party contracting with an agent is
bound to look to the authority upon which that
agent acts, and not to purchase a draft upon the
Government, except in exact pursuance of that
authority. It is equally true, as contended by a
gentleman upon this side of the House, that the
laws of the land ought to be known, and that it is
incumbent upon every one who deals with a pub-
lic agent to know the exact law upon which he
acts.
But I can imagine a case in which, if the agent
have authority to draw a draft upon the Govern-
ment for any particular amount, might impose
upon an innocent purchaser of that draft. For
instance, suppose you give him authority to draw
drafts to the amount of $25,000; he might sella
draft to that amount to one person, and he might
sell another draft to the same amount to another;
and so he might sell a dozen drafts to that amount
to as many different persons without any one of
them knowing that the others had purchased the
draft for the same money; or that the agent had
exceeded his authority to that extent. But, sir, I j
apprehend the Government would not pay those i
drafts except upon the clear showing that these j
parties had been thus imposed on. It would pre- !
sent a question, then, for the Government to de- j
termine, whether these were actually innocent |
purchasers who had been imposed on by the agent, '
and that without the possibility of his knowing
by the exercise of due diligence, that such a fraud
had been perpetrated. It would present a doubt-
ful case, upon which Congress might hesitate to I
determine, whether the drafts should be paid or
not. Now, it may be possible, upon an investi-
gation of the facts, that this money has been pro-
perly expended. It may be the duty of the Gov-
ernment, upon a full investigation of the facts con- j
necled with the matter, to pay ihose drafts. After 1
such an investigation had been gone into, perhaps |
Congress might be disposed to appropriate the I
money. It may appear that although the agent
has exceeded his authority, yet the money may
have been expended in a manner advantageous to
the Government, and upon which consideration
it may be proper for the Government to pay it.
But no such investigation has been made of the
facts connected with this case. They are not be-
fore the House; and I do not see how we can pro-
perly vote this appropriation. If the gentleman
from California [Mr. McCorkle] has evidence
that the money has been properly and advanta-
geously expended, or that the parties purchasing
the drafts have been innocently imposed on by the
agent of the Government, let thfse facts be shown,
and 1 for one will be willing to vote for the
amount named in the amendment, or a much
larger one if necessary. Hut at this time and in
this mode, without the facts being brought clearly
before the House, I think it would be wrong fof
us to vote it.
Mr. McCORKLE. I do not wish to be under-
stood as indorsing in whole or in part the policy
adopted by the Indian commissioners in Califor-
nia—no, sir, not one single official act of theirs,
since they have been in that State; and I believe the
Cahformans will unanimously concur with me in
this wholesale condemnation of their whole course.
It was not expected by any one conversant with
affairs in California, that, these commissioners,
who were entirely ignorant of the character and
habits of our Indians, would accomplish more
than they have done—fooled the Indians, and
plunged the Government in debt over half a mil-
lion of dollars. The reservations of land, which
they have set apart for different tribes of Indians,
comprise, in some cases, the most valuable agri-
cultural and mineral lands in the State—reserva-
tions which will not only not benefit the Indian,
but will not be respected by the people of any State.
But while I condemn the policy of the commis-
sioners, I still maintain, that this Administration
is responsible for the acts of these men, and this
Government for the debts they have contracted.
They were the regularly appointed and duly
authorized agents of the Government for a specific
purpose, and their powers not limited by the act
appropriating $25,000. The object of the com-
mission was to make treaties and secure peace
with the Indians; they had full powers, and abso-
lute instructions on this point; but only $25,000
was appropriated to enable them to carry out the
purpose of their mission. If the agents of the
Government in this case were limited and re-
stricted in their operations, by the appropriation,
how is it, that in other cases of a similar charac-
ter, where the appropriation has fallen short, you
are voting money to make up the deficiency?
Your commissioners adopted a novel and peculiar
policy, but specific. They had full power and
authority to do so. In order to carry out that
policy, and support it, they found it, as they sup-
posed, necessary to feed and clothe the enemy,
the hostile Indians. The citizens of California
furnished the necessary supplies, and expect and
have a right to demand payment.
Now, whether these commissioners had the
power or authority to make the contracts under
which the supplies were furnished to the Govern-
ment by the citizens of California, I will not
stop now to discuss. The powers of an agent,
and the responsibility of the principle are well
settled in " the books;" but I do not apprehend
that this* Government will take advantage of a
technicality or a quibble to defraud innocent citi-
zens of their just demands. The facts are clear,
the contracts were made, the supplies furnished,
and the simple question is, " Shall these persons
be defrauded by the Government out of a certain
amount of property, supplied to aid your com-
missioners in carrying out their own and the pol-
icy of tl e Administration in regard to the Indians
of California >
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
inquire of the gentleman from California, whether
these drafts have been drawn and the supplies fur-
nished, in order to comply with the treaty made
by this agent, or to defray the expenses in making
that treaty ?
Mr. McCORKLE. I will answer the gentle-
man from Kentucky as well as I am able, from
the facts in my knowledge. The drafts were drawn
by the commissioners of supplies actually fur-
nished. A certain portion of these supplies, as I
liave_ stated before, were used by the Indian com-
missioners, in order to obtain the consent and pres-
ence of the " root-diggers" to make treaties; the
balance for the purpose of inducing the Indians to
conform to and comply with the treaty stipula-
tions—a compliance which will exist just so long
as your beef holds out. I will read from the re-
port of one of these Indian commissioners a pas-
sage which will give an idea of the policy adopted
by them in their treaties with the Indians. He
says:
"We have found, by experience, that the best way to
keep these Indians quiet and peaceable, is to give thepi
plenty of food, with beef occasionally, and a little flour to
mix with the pulveiized acorn, making their favorite panoli,
nothing can induce them to quarrel withtlie whites. If ever
theheciet histoiy of the late Indian distuibances js written,
we have no doubt that nineteen out of twenty will be found
to have their ongin in direct aggression upon the part of
unprincipled white men, or failure on their part to supply
the Indians with beef and flour as the promised reward of
their labor. We have, therefore, been under the necessity
of making pretty liberal provisions under the head of sub-
sistence,' and now advertise you thatthif course will have
to be pursued throughout the whole State. The cost of
hcef inthis part of the country varies from eight to fifteen
cents p^-r pound ; m the southern part of the State, where
the large ranchos are mostly situated, it can be bought
much lower; say from three to five cents per pound. For
piesent pressing demands we have to do the be.->t we can,
fully satisfied that our policy is correct, and that m the end,
it is cheaper to feed the whole flock for a year than to fight
them for a week."
There is the policy marked out by those In-
dian Commissioners, and in carrying out that pol-
icy these supplies have been furnished. It is for
this House to say whether they will pay the debts
incurred by these contracts or not.
As to the instructions given by the President to
the commissioners, limiting them in their expend-
ituies in treating with the Indians to the appropri-
ation of $25,000, which was made at the last
Congress, I have only to say, that a question is
raised between the department and the commis-
sioners—the former insisting that they sent out
such instructions, and the latter avering that they
did not receive them until after the contracts were
made and the debt incurred. This is as I under-
stand the matter, and as I have been informed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON. "Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him whether we ought not to have the
real facts before us before we are called upon to
vote this money ?
Mr. McCORKLE. I should be glad to furnish
more facts* but they have not been called for by
resolution, nor have they been furnished by the
department. I am willing the matter should be
postponed for the present if it is the wish of the
committee.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. McCorkle, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line two hun-
dred and seventeen on page ten.
The amendment was then re&d, as follows:
" For expenses of continuing negotiations with the In-
dian tribes of Oregon lying west of the Cascade mountains,
,$12,000."
Mr. J. I will read a note in explanation of this
amendment, and will then make a few remarks.
The extract which I read is contained in a letter
accompanying the estimates. It is this:
" The Superintendent of Indian Affairs in Oregon, on the
subject of these items, remarks in reference to the fust, that
the amount is based upon the cost of treaties already
made."
That is all that is said as to the item which I
have offered as an amendment. The $12,000 is
based upon the cost of the treaties already made,
of which there are some nineteen or twenty.
Those treaties, from what I can learn, have been
made at very little cost comparatively to this Gov-
ernment; but what the nature of those treaties are,
or under what circumstances they were made,
does not appear, but that the superintendent of
Indian affairs has acted with any disregard to the
interests of the United States, so far as the treaties
which have been already made are concerned, I
do not know. As to the nature of the treaties
already made, I am not able to state, nor the actual
necessity for additional treaties, except iri general
terms. There is still a large number of tribes
lying v est of the Cascade mountains, with whom
no treaties have been formed, and the Government
deem it necessary to go on and make treaties with
them. The department, then, make their esti-
mates the amount of $12,000 as- necessary for the
purpose of continuing these negotiations. We
know nothing, sir, in regard to the nature or cir-
cumstances of a part of those treaties whieh have
