1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
already been made, more than that they are now in
the Senate, and we heard nothing of their ratifica-
tion thus far. My friend, the Delegate from Or-
egon, [Mr. Lank,] may be able to state th? neces-
sity of these treaties better than I feel myself able
to do.
Mr. LANE. The amount offered by my friend
from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] is to cover the
exact amount recommended by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs; and that amount, I think, is
necessary to be appropriated for that purpose.
There is in Oregon a state of tilings which has
not existed in this country before. The history of
the settlement of Oregon, and of its condition, is
different from that of any other section of the
Union. The white people have settled the coun-
try, without extinguishing the Indians' rights to
any part of the territory. They have settled all
over it. This Congress has made a donation of
lands to the settlers in Oregon. It is necessary
that the Indian rights should be extinguished.
Negotiations for that purpose, under two sets of
commissioners, have been carried on in Oregon.
First, the Governor, and two other commissioners,
entered into negotiations with the Indians for their
possessory right to the soil. The plan of opera-
tion was changed, and a superintendent was ap-
pointed to treat with the Indians, and to purchase
their right to the lands. When the second com-
missioner commenced operations, it was supposed
that there was a balance of an appropriation that
had been previously made on hand, sufficient
to justify him to go on, and make treaties with
the Indians. He had been induced to believe that
there was some $6,000 yet in the hands of the first
board. He proceeded to make his treaties, and to
borrow money upon the faith of there being that
amount of money in the hands of the first board.
The money has been borrowed, and properly used,
to the amount of §6,000; and as much more will
be necessary, at least, to carry out the treaties.
It is a small sum, and I have no doubt that it has
been properly applied, and that the Superinten-
dent of Indian Affairs in Oregon has, so far as I
know, in all things studied economy. There is
no evidence of extravagance there. This sum is
the same precisely as that recommended by the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of Millard
P. Fillmore, his Private Secretary.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to say to the com-
mittee briefly, that the Committee of Ways and
Means refused to allow this item, for two or three
reasons, which we considered to be good. In the
first place, the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Johnson] is right in reading the explanation given
to the item by the Indian bureau; but there is a
mistake in point of fact. The very item for itself
says, " For continuing the negotiation with the
Indian tribes west of the Cascade mountains."
Now, it is a mistake that the money has been al-
ready expended, and that it is for the purpose of
continuing negotiations with these tribes west of
the Cascade mountains.
Mr. LANE, (interrupting.) "Will the gentle-
man allow me to explain ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Five minutes do not allow
of much explanation.
Mr. LANE. Six thousand dollars of that
$12,000 has been already expended. It was ex-
pended in carrying out Indian treaties.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I am, at least, half
right. And this shows that this appropriation
ought not to be allowed, unless there are some
controlling reasons why it should be. The Com-
mittee of "Ways and Means, upon an examina-
tion of this subject, and upon a full conference
with the superintendent of Indian Affairs, who is
here, concerning the treaties which have been
made in Oregon—some eighteen or twenty of
them—brought out some very important facts in
connection with these treaties and their merits.
The Committee of Ways and Means believe that
those facts disclose a state of things which ren-
dered it necessary for them to withhold addi-
tional appropriations, until the Senate shall pass
its judgment upon those treaties. I may be per- '
miued to say—and if I am out of order in doing
so, I do not intend it, for it is important that the
committee should know the operation of these
treaties—that one of these treaties, for instance,
has been negotiated with a tribe which consist-
ed of two men and five "women; another with a
tribe numbering two men and seven women; and
other treaties of that character, so far as we have
been able to obtain information from the Superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs in Oregon. Now, sir,
I believe that this presents a case that should in-
duce this House to withhold additional appropri-
ations, until we see what the Senate intends to do.
Another item connected with these treaties
which 1 wish to speak of is this: 1 understand
that all of these eighteen or twenty treaties, with-
out exception, provide that the Indians shall re-
main upon, and keep the possession of their lands,
and of their fishing places, and of everything else,
until the expiration of ten years, and then they
are expected to go away. Now, it occurred to
me, and also to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and I presume it will occur to this House,
that this a most singular mode of making treaties
with those Indian tribes. Whatguarani.ee, what
security, have we that they will go away at the
expiration of ten years? They are permitted to
retain their property, permitted to remain upon
their lands, and occupy them without any addi-
tional restraint, except that thrown over them by
the presence of the white people. After paying
them an annuity for ten years, we are to rely upon
their willingness to leave the country. The Com-
mittee of Waysand Means concluded that that
class of treaties had best be left until ratified in the
Senate, before we appropriate more money to en-
able the agents to go on and complete other trea-
ties of like character, which in all human proba-
bility, may, and will be rejected by the Senate.
Mr. LANE. I propose to add one hundred
dollars, as an amendment to the amendment. I
have not, Mr. Chairman, seen any one of the
treaties made by the commissioners with the In-
dians in Oregon; nor do I know with how many
tribes treaties have been made, nor the amount of
money they have promised to pay to the tribes
with whom they have treated, for the lands pur-
chased of them. I know the Indians of that
country, and all the tribes that live in the settled
portions of Oregon Territory and west of the Cas-
cade mountains. I know that the peace, pros-
perity, and success of the settlements in Oregon
require that the right and title of the Indians to
the land should be extinguished. I know that the
Indians are broken up into small bands, and that
every band maintains its nationality. No one
connects itself with any other band or tribe, and
if they have but three people in their tribe or band,
they claim the country which their fathers claimed,
and where they lived, and where their fathers are
buried. And to extinguish their title it is neces-
sary to treat with them, be they one or more. I
do not know whether the policy has been wise m
granting reservations to the Indians for a certain
number of years. I think it has not been wise. I
would have said to these Indians: " You must sell
your entire right, and leave the settled portions of
the country, and go to a section of country desig-
nated by the commissioner, outside of the settle-
ments and out of the way of the white people, so
that the whites should have the right to the land."
I am inclined to think that some of these treaties
make reservations covering many claims made by
white men, who went out and settled there eight
or ten years ago. But let that be as it may, I am
satisfied that the Superintendent of Indian Affairs
who made these treaties, for which he has used
§6,000 in advance of an appropriation, acted in
good faith, and that he has practiced as strict
economy as he could. And I am satisfied, further,
that wlien he commenced these negotiations he
was induced to believe that the old board had the
sum of $6,000 unexpended, and that upon the
faith of that belief he borrowed money, and used
it for the proper purpose, and I do not know that
he has made any reservations of the character I
speak of.
This amendment nowasks for §12,000; $6,000
have already been expended in the purchase of the
Indian rights to lands in the settled portions of the
territory near the mouth of the Columbia river.
The treaties, save the ratification, have been com-
pleted, and entirely so, as far as the superintendent
of the board is concerned. Whether the Senate will
ratify them or not, I am not prepared to say. 1 am
inclined to think that there can be no objection to
making this amendment, appropriating $12,000 to
negotiate treaties with the Indians living west of
the Cascade mountains, with whom treaties have
not yet been made, and whose lands are in pos-
session of the whites; who have made farms upon
them, and who cannot have peace with the In-
dians except by having their rights extinguished.
They are willing that the whites should have their
lands, but they want some small compensation for
them. If you give them that, they will be satis-
fied, and you will have peace with them.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was instructed by the com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to report this item to
cover expenditures in treaties which have been
made. I had not, nor had the committee at the
time we acted upon this subject, any information
as to the difficulties, irregularity, or strange con-
dition of the treaties already madein Oregon, and
now rumored about here, but not known. The
money appropriated had been expended, and a
small debt incurred. This is on the representa-
tion of the department, and the amount asked
is but a reasonable sum. The bureau deem it for
the best interests of the country that negotiations
should continue with those Indians. The item was
adopted by the committee; which instructed me
to submit it to the House.
Mr. HIBBARD. If the gentleman will allow
me to ask him one question, which is this: Inas-
much as these treaties are now before the Sen-
ate; as their nature is not well understood by gen-
tlemen of the committee; and as the Indian general
appropriation bill will soon be reported, willitnot
be sufficiently in season, for all necessary purposes,
and better to postpone this appropriation to the
time when action shall be had upon the general In-
dian bill?
Mr. JOHNSON. Already $6,000 have been ex-
pended; and $6,000 is recommended to us as neces-
sary to continue negotiations. Iam inclined to be-
lieve, notwithstanding the suspicion which has
been thrown upon the character of these treaties,
from statements which have been furnished me,
since I have been sitting here—(I had not be-
fore an explanation of the difficulties presented
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, accompanying those treaties,)—that we
will act wisely, to appropriate the amount, the
$6,000 already expended, and $6,000 more. I was
not inclined to press this appropriation at the mo-
ment I first offered it. The Committee will recol-
lect that I did not press it, leaving that to the Del-
egate from Oregon, [Mr. Lane.] who I believed
would be better able to make its explanation.
Since the Committee on Indian Affairs adopted the
item, I began to hesitate and doubt, as to whether
or not it was proper, from rumors that reached me.
In regard to the suspicions raised by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, it was but
proper that they should be presented here. Treaties
have been made with small tribes, consisting of
few in number—five in one case, and seven in an-
other. I now understand that large tracts of coun-
try were owned by them. They were the only
solitary members left in the world of once con-
siderable and formidable tribes. They have but a
few fishing hu-ts, located along the fishing borders of
thatterritory. By these treaties they are permitted
to remain there for a short time, hut we are in fact
and in truth in the possession of the whole of their
territory. They are only secured peaceably in pos-
session of their huts and a limited tract of land to
live upon. They are, it is shown, truly the own-
ers of the land, the title of which they have sur-
rendered to the United States, and a treaty was the
only way in which we could extinguish their title,
unless we—they being few in number—took it
forcibly from them. There has been expended a
very moderate amount of money by the agents of
the Government, in connection with these partic-
Indian treaties. These negotiations have been
among the most economical operations the Gov-
ernment has ever known. It lsbutjustand right,
that we should give full credit to those who have
acted as the agents of the Government in this case,
when we see in other States so much disregard of
the principles of economy, in conducting our pub-
lic affairs. I believe the appropriation is right,
and ought to be passed.
Mr. DUNHAM. In the estimates, I find that
this sum is asked, not to pay the expenses already
made, but to continue in the making of these trea-
ties, and the estimates for the future are based
upon the expense heretofore made.
Mr, JOHNSON. With the consent of the com-
mittee, I will reply to the gentleman. At the time
1 presented this amendment, I had but little in-
formation with rcspect to it; but I now find it
