175®
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) Objection being made, the resolu-
tion cannot now have us third reading, as it has
already had one reading to-day.
SURVEY OF PUBLIC LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN. I give notice to the Senate that
to-morrow I .shall, call up bill No. 7, for the pur-
pose of offering a substitute, in 'which the right of
preemption only is granted. It is a bill to provide
for the survey of the public lands in California,
th& granting of donation privileges therein, and
for other purposes. I have given notice to the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands, and
have submitted the bill to him. I hope it may be
taken up to-morrow and disposed of.
SUSPENDED LAND ENTRIES.
Mr. FELCH. There was a bill before the Sen-
ate yesterday which was about to be ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading when its further
consideration was postponed on motion of the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] for reasons
which he then assigned. I have since consulted
with him and he withdraws all objection; 1 there-
fore move that the consideration of the prior or-
ders be postponed, and that the-Senate take up
the bill. It is a bin to revive and continue in force
for a limited time, the provisions of an act relative
to suspended entries of the public lands.
The prior orders were postponed, and the bill
was taken up, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
LOSSES OF SPANISH SUBJECTS.
Mr. MASON". I wish, Mr. President, to take
up a joint resolution, which was reported some
time since by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. It provides for the payment of the claims of
private individuals, but as it was recommended to
the consideration of the Senate bv the President
of the United States, I suppose it may be consid-
ered, in reality, as a public measure in its charac-
ter.
Mr. CHASE. May I ask the Senator from
Virginia [Mr.- Mason] for information as to the
nature of the joint resolution?
Mr. MASON". It is a resolution to indemnify
certain persons at New Orleans and Key West,
from losses suffered through the violence of a mob.
Mr. CHASE. 1 have no objection to it.
The joint resolution was then read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides that the President of the United States
be requested to cause an investigation to be made
of any losses-that may have been sustained by
the consul of Spain and other persons residing at
New Orleans or at Key West, in the year 1851,
and who, at that time were subjects of the Queen
of Spam, by the violence of lawless individuals
arising out of intelligence then recently received
at those places, of the execution of certain persons
at Havana by the Spanish authorities of that
Island, who, embarking from the United States,
ha4 invaded the same with hostile intent; and that
such losses so ascertained to persons at that time,
subjects as aforesaid, on the certificate of the Sec-
retary of State, that the same are proven to the
satisfaction of the President, together with the
reasonable costs of the investigation, shall be paid
to those entitled.
Mr. SOULE. I hope thatthe further consider-
ation of theresolution will be postponed,unless the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
[Mr. Mason] will consent to strike out certain
words. 1 move to strike out the word " lawless"
in the ninth line.
Mr. MASON. The amendment suggested by
the Senator from Louisiana will not affect the ob-
ject of the resolution at all. It is intended to pro-
vide indemnity for the persons referred to; and the
amendment merely affects the tone of expression
contained in it. I shall, therefore, yield to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SOULE. I hope, further, that at line
twelve, the following words be stricken out:
" Who, embarkin? from the United States, had invaded
the same with hostile intent.1'
It will then read:
" By the violence ofindividuals, arising out of intelligence
then recently received at those places of the execution of
certain persons at Havana by the Spanish authorities of
that Island."
My object is, not to interpose any difficulty to
the passage of- the resolution, but merely so to
amend it that it may not contain anything which
would wound the feelings of any person in the
State which 1 have the honor in part to represent.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to the
amendment. It is to strike from the resolution
words which might wound the feelings, as it is
said, of some of the citizens of New Orleans. It
is not necessary to retain the words in order to
carry out the object of the resolution, and if
stricken out, the resolution will be congruous in
its par£s, and I cheerfully acquiesce in the pro-
posed amendment.
The amendment was agreed to, the resolution
was reported to the Senate, the amendments were
concurred m, and the resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. SOULE. I move that Mrs. Margaret Car-
mick be permitted to withdraw from the files of
the Senate certain papers which she filed on the
occasion of presenting a memorial to Congress in
order to obtain a pension. She wishes to remove
these papers for the purpose of presenting them to
the Commissioner of Pensions.
The PRESIDENT. Has the memorial been
reported upon ?
Mr. SOULE. I do not know; butat all events,
the object is to present the papers, with additional
papers, to the Commissioner of Pensions.
The PRESIDENT. -If it has been reported
upon adversely, the papers cannot be withdrawn
under the rules of the Senate, because they may
be presented again to-morrow. When was the
memorial presented?
Mr. SOULE. Two years ago.
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest that it would
not make any material difference in this case
whether it has been reported upon adversely or
not. The object of withdrawing the papers is not
with a view to renew the application here; but on
the allegation that new matter has been obtained
which will enable the petitioner to secure a pen-
sion on application at the Department under the
existing law, the ground would be a good one for
allowing the papers to be withdrawn.
The PRESI DENT. We cannot tell what the
object of withdrawing the paper is.
Mr. BORLAND. It is declared in the appli-
cation.
The PRESIDENT. But it does not go upon
the record.
The question was taken, and leave to withdraw
the papers was granted.
JOINT RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint res-
olution for the relief of George R. C. Floyd, late
Secretary of the Territory of Wisconsin; which
was read a first and second time b.y its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CLARKE, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint res-
olution directing the Secretary of War to cause
the harbor and river of Providence, in the State of
Rhode Island, to be surveyed, and an estimate
made of the cost of clearing out said harbor; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint res-
olution to provide additional security for the lives
and property of persons navigating the western
waters; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. NORRIS gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution amending the
joint rules of the two Houses so as to require all
the annual appropriation bills to be sent to the
Senate by the House at least ten days before the
day agreed upon for'the adjournment of Con-
gress.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMANTS.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill authorizing a certain class of private land
claimants to file their claims with the register and
receiver at Detroit, Michigan, for investigation;
and
On motion, by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That it be recommitted to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
EMIGRANTS TO CALIFORNIA AND OREGON.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill for the protection of an
emigrant route and a telegraph line, and for an
overland mail between the Missouri river and the
settlements in California and Oregon.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will offer an amendment
to the sixth section, to meet the objection which
was made the other day, that it might be con-
sidered a monopoly so far as permitting a tele-
graphic line to be established along the route was
concerned. I move to strike out of the sixth
section the words, "such persons as he shall as-
sociate with him,"and insert, " any other person
or persons who shall desire to do so." The sec-
tion will then read:
"That Henry O'Reilly or any other person'or persons
who shall desire to do so, are hereby authorized, at their
own expense, to establish and operate lines of telegiaph
communication over the public domain along said routes,
and under the protection of said military posts and stations,
subject to such regulations and conditions as shall be pre-
scribed by the President; and during the period of thrpe
years, shall be permitted to use the military posts and sta-
tions as telegraphic stations free of charge."
Mr. CHASE. I will suggest to the Senator
from Illinois, that it will be expedient to give to
the President of the United States a discretion,
that he may grant the right to establish a telegraph
line to such persons as he may deem expedient.
It may not be known to the Senator, that the
right of telegraphing is involved in a very serious
controversy. There are three modes of telegraph-
ing in common use—the House printing telegraph,
the Bain chemical telegraph, and the Morse electro-
magnetic telegraph. Mr. O'Reilly, I am aware,
has had the control of one of these modes, namely,
that patented by Bain, the chemical telegraph.
Mr. Morse and his associates, control the magnetic
telegraph; and I believe, though I am not certain
on that point, that Mr. House and his associates,
have the control of the printing telegraph. I am
not prepared to say which pf the modes of telegraph-
ing is best adapted to the purposes contemplated
by the bill, but it isvery certain that all the modes
are involved in controversy, and that none of them
at the present moment, has the sanction of all the
courts, to which questions affecting the validity of
the patents have been submitted. It seems to me
very clear that we should not be in a hurry to
grant any exclusive right to any one individual. I
will therefore propose, and I hope it will meet the
concurrence of my friend, that the sixth section be
amended by striking out the words " that Henry
O'Reilly and such persons as he shall associate
with him, are hereby authorized," and insert the
words " that the President of the United States be
hereby authorized to grant to such person or per-
sons, and upon such terms as he shall deem ex-
pedient and right." So amended the section will
authorize thePresident to grant to such person or
persons, and upon such terms as he shall deem ex-
pedient, the right to establish and operate the lines
of telegraphic communication over the route pro-
posed. That will obviate all difficulty.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume that the Senator
from Ohio and myself will not differ at all as to
the object we have in view. I inserted the name
of Mr. O'Reilly in the bill, because he had peti-
tioned Congress for permission to establish a tele-
graphic line from the Mississippi river to the Pa-
cific ocean. He only asked permission to put up
his poles over the public domain. I presume that
that permission would not be denied to any citi-
zen of the United States who desired to establish
such a line. But, atthe suggestion of theSenator
from Texas, I chose to alter it, to make it read
that Mr. O'Reilly or any other person or persons
who may choose to do so, may have that permis-
sion. As I have modified it, then, it gives the
privilege to Mr. O'Reilly, Mr. Morse, Mr. Bain,
Mr. House, or any other gentleman who has a
patent, or who may procure the privileges of a
patent, to establish a line of telegraph. I presume
there can be no objection to giving permission to
everybody. I would not be willing to give to the
President of the United States the privilege of de-
signating the man who might establish a telegraph,
and then confine it to him; because it would be
authorizing the President by law to establish a
