THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
893
Mr. JOHNSON. I will state, in regard to the
disciep^.cy which has been refected to, that it
occurs in the most natural manner in the world.
The time whi«h it takes to bring communications
heiefrora Oregon is very great. The estimates ,
made here f-jr the^e £12.000 were made sometime j
last May or June. They weie transmitted, and j
reached here about the time Congress met. They
were furnished then with the commentaries which
accompany the estimates. After the meeting of
Congress, the superintendent reached here, bring-
ing up the record of the facts that occurred since
the time of making out his estimates. Since that
time the sum of 4,6,000 had been expended. Then,
fogivehim ,thesi:penntendent, proper credit, I state
that, in connection with the *,0,000 itself, the cost
of the whole nf the nineteen treaties made in Ore-
gon has been only £26,000—the six thousand now
asked for hems: included.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not rise so much for the
purpose of discussing this proposition, for I said
before, what I wished to say. i now repeat that
which j snid in reference to the provisions or these
Indian treaties, winch was communicated to the
Committee of Ways and Means by the superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs himself, and which was
no doubt correct. I said pieeisely what lie com-
municated upon the interrogatories of that com-
mittee. It has been spoken of by one or two gen-
tlemen as if reflections may have been cast upon
the commission eis who negotiated the tienties;but
I did not intend anything of the sort, and nothing
of the kind escaped me. I attempted to show to
the committee present, and I desire now to repeat it,
that the question presented is, are you willing to
continue this kind of negotiation ? Are you willing
to keep up negotiations for the purpose of forming
treaties like this until the Senate shall pass upon
them? Now, I feel it due to the Committee of
Ways and Means, to state this additional fact.
The distinct, clear, and unequivocal impression
left upon rny mind, and I have no doubt upon the
minds of al! the Committee of Ways and Means,
was, that none of this $12,000 had been expended.
I may have misunderstood the superintendent,
but that was the impression under which we la-
bored, and the committee will remember it when
they refer to the fact, that we had originated an-
other item for the superintendent's house, which T
1 am required to offer as an amendment. \\
I donot profess to control the vote of any member ,
of this committee. 1 do not profess to keep m con- i,
trol any members of the committee. God knows, it |!
ise nough for me to do, to keep myself in pioper j 
order. [Laughter] Itrytodoit. i apped to this !,
eomrmttec, and every member of it, fo know j'
whether 1 have been instrumental in prolonging]:
the debate or in\e ttgafion of this bill. I Lave !
offered no amendments except those which I was j
instructed by the Committee of Wavf* and Means i,
to offer. 1 havp not offered amendments that would !;
give me an opportunity of speaking, even. When j.
1 did speaks t desired to speak to the point m is- j.
sue before the committee at the time. For the j
reason that I was not sjoing either to set or follow |i
a bad example, I was determined J would fure^o j.
any explanation w Inch 1 mi^lu think I could offer
rather than sot the example of offering amend-
ments merely for the purpose of making a speech.
Every member of rhe committee knows Tint I have
abstained from it. Everv member of the commit-
tee knows tha{ I have endeavored to prosecute the
investigation here, day in and day out. for weeks
together. T have endeavored to net the committee
to sit, out this bili to-day, and I hope they will do
it, and for the purpose of getting along as speedily
as possible, [ will close before my five minute* are
out.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, withdraw his
amendment to the amendment.
The que.-.imn then recurring on Mr. Jonx'sfox^
amendment, if was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the amendment was agioed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Mkujs to offer the following
amendment:
Fur Me completion of the binMintf*- uif ihe house of t'le
superintendent aiul the Imliau agent* m Olegem,
The reason that was nut in the bill was because
the committee did not possess the information to
enable them to know whether it was properly
located, and they supposed that it was for the
purpose of building an agency which was not
commenced. Kroni the information, however,
received by the committee, the house is completed
and the amount is due the workmen.
Mr. STANLY. I hope that whatever amend-
ments the honorable chairman of the Committe of
Ways and Means may offer will be adopted,
because I am sure he oners nothing here that is
not consistent with the most rigid economy—
nothing that his sense of duty does not compel
him to offer. In any remarks I may have made
about the conduct of gentlemen on the other side
of the House, I thought I had distinctly excepted
the conduct of the chairman of the Ways and
Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. I u:d not take any exception
to it.
Mr. STANLY. I think he leans a little too
rigidly to the economy side. I know he will not
take that unkindly. But when I spoke of his
course here, I spoke of him as the representative
of the majority who have the control of this body.
Me mast keep his friends in order, and make them
stand up to him, or place the responsibility upon
them. We must look to him for the finishing
of this bill. His party must hear the sound of
his voice, and come when he says so, or there can
be no party organization on his side ofthe House.
That is all I have to say upon that point.
The gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hibbard] says that these appropriations come
from this side of the House. i take issue with
him, and J call for the pi oof. I most respectfully
deny the fact As far as my recollection of this
debate goes, all the amendments increasing the
appropriations have come from the other side. I
mention it not reproachfully, but to the honor of
the gentlemen who have offered them. 1 think i
have voted for most of the amendments relating to
Indian ait.Mrs. What induced gentlemen to offer
these amendments? I hope a sense of duty.
The gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Lane] knows .
what the people of Oregon require. The chair- ;
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs knows |
what is requiied for that branch of the service, and j
these are the particular friends of the gentleman !
from New Hampshire.
Mr. HTP P ARD. To save the gentleman fur-
ther trouble, [ will say that he wholly misunder-
stood me. T said that the amendments were
voted for chiefly by gentlemen on the Whig side
of the House.
Mr. STANLY. I deny that fact, and call for
the proof.
Mr. HIBBARD. We will call the yeas and
nays when we ^et into the House and prove it.
Mr. STANLY. When the yeas and nays are
called, the Whis;s will come up and face the
music. I have no doubt the gentleman from New 1
Hampshire would vote for half a dozen things
here in committee, which he would not stand up
to m the House. That is an old same of New ;
Hampshire politicians—begging my friend's par- i
don. [Lir^hter.] But with respect to the votes :
for these amendments, I take issue with the gen-
tleman, and resoectfully deny the fact.
Mr. HIBBARD. I hale voted against all
those amendments.
Mr. STANLY. That may be, but you patted
somebody else on the back, and said the appro-
pr'attons were necessary. [Laughter.] J know
the gentleman*s mode of doing business. He is
a shrewd, clever Yankee. The gentleman would
vote iu appropriation for Portsmouth navy-yard,
New Hampshire, and would beg fifty other Dem-
ocrats to vote for it, and pass it through the
committee, and (hen he would vote against the
whole bill, if he though' it was suie to pass; but
if it was to fail by his vote, lie would turn a
somerset from the rotunda to the Clerk's de«k to
be m time to move a reconsideration. [Laughter.]
TJwt is the policy of the uem'pman from New
Hampshire. He'talks about our "grabbing and
^o'ljrina: the Treasury.'* How are we "gouging?"
Gentlemen on this side of the House—and I say
it to their credit—only want to gouge from the
Treasury when the necessities of the Government
require it.
Now. as to my preaching: I am very much ob-
liged to the gentleman for saying that he listens to
my preaching. I am afraid it is the only good
preaching ho has heard this session, and if he
would only conform to the preaching he hears on
tins side of the House, he would become a better
Wing or a better union Democrat.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POLK moved to amend the amendment by
decreasing the amount one dollar.
Mr. P. said: The gentleman from North Caro-
lina upon every occasion that he has taken the
| floor during the last ten days—indeed, ever since
j his bloody conflict with the gentleman from Ohio,
| [Mr. Giddincs,] which consumed noneof thetime
j of the House, has been upbraiding this side of the
11 House with obstructing the public business. Sir,
' I undertake to tell that gentleman that he may turn
■ ! to the Congressional Globe, and look through the
, debates of this House, and he will find that as
j much, if not more, of the public time has been
consumed by gentlemen belonging to his party, an
,! by gentlemen on this side of the House, and more
!j by the gentleman from North Carolina than by
; any given man. But we, because we are in ama-
5 jority, are to be held responsible.
i Sir, was there ever in the history of Congress,
! a deficiency bill involving so much interest, that
j had so rapid a progiess as this has had> No,
j never. Then, why this talk? It has even gone
• into the Republic this morning. The gentleman
i from North Carolina heralds it here, and the Re-
| public spreads it throughout the land, that we are
j obstructing the public business, while the gentle-
; men opposite are consuming time in the discussion
i of the abolition question. The debate between
j the gentlemen from Massachusetts, the one be-
I tween the two gentlemen from Ohio, that between
! the gentleman from North Carolina and the gen-
j tleman from Ohio, and other debates of that char-
\ acter, which have originated on the other side of
1 the House, have consumed—I hazard nothing in
j saying—more time than any of the unpleasant de-
j bates which have originated on this side of the
i House. Refer to the Congressional Glob®, and
!; mark the progress of the debates, and I believe
j the fact will be established.
| Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Polk] speaks of "the bloody conflict"
jj that I had with the gentleman from Ohio. Now,
j' sir, I beg once for all to say to that gentleman and
!i to the committee, that of that conflict 1 am very
much ashamed. [Laughter.]
Mr. POLK. 1 have no doubt the gentleman is,
and I will withdraw the reference 1 made to it.
1 [Laughter.]
; Mr. STANLY,'(bowing to Mr. Polk.) I see
that the gentleman is not such a violent Democrat
- that he has not got some little shame left in him.
: I congratulate him upon it.
, Mr. POLK. I am ashamed for vou, Sir.
Mr. STANLY. I thank him. I was about to
say that as to this "bloody conflict," 1 promise
' the House and the country, to use the remark of
an editor in New York, who scolded me very
■ much about it, that during my stay in this House
I will "get upon all fours no more to fight a dog."
; [Laughter.] I should not have referred to that
\ matter, but for the scolding of the gentleman upon
the other side.
The gentleman from Tennessee is altogether
mistaken upon a point of fact. If he will do me
, the favor to refer to the Congressional Globe, he-
will see by the position I have occupied, that he
i is altogether mistaken. But, if the gentleman is
disposed to raise an issue between himself ar.d
myself, X can show that he has had more to do
out of this House, if I understand his peregrina-
- tions, than any other ten gentlemen in it.
Mr. POLK. I do not understand the gentle-
man.
; Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from Tennes-
, see is very often out of this House, engaged in
more pleasant occupation than listening to the
manly, hoarse voices that mingle in the debates
, here. There are sweeter sounds that lure him
from this Hall. He likes " to tread the primrose
path of dalliance." He likes fo see fine dancing,
and to hear pleasant singing, better than to listen
to the hoarse " croakings"—as he calls them—of
men's voices here. The gentleman from Tennes-
see has been too often absent to keep strict and
watchful account of my doings here. Let the
gentleman refer to the Congressional Globe, and
he will find that there have been ten speeches on
the other side of the House for every speech that
has been made on this side. Since the gentleman
has raised the issue between us, 1 refer the House
and the country to the columns of the "Globe;"
; and I say that he is more responsible for the time
! which has been consumed here than I am, or -
