896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
which forbids the alteration of a law in an appro- '! Interior, or by the Executive Department, to the ,
nidation bill. ' !i heads of families, instead of being paid to the tribe ,
Mr. WOODWARD. Let it be understood that ,j m the aggregate. This is nothing more than Sim-
my intention was to apply this amendment to the ,j ply carrying out that general doctrine as applica-
appropria tions made b"v this bill, and not to con- ble to these appropriations, making it the duty ot ;
tracts heretofore or hereafter to be made. the Government to pay the money. Instead or J
Mr. SEYMOUR,of New York. So far as the ; leaving it optional with them to have it so paid.it ,
amendment applies to appropriations for paying ] | takes away the discretion, and orders it to be paid 11
Indian tribes money belonging to the whole tribe, i. in a way in which they have a discretion to direct j
it is, as I conceive, correct; but in reference to a jj it or not, as they shall choose. i;
portion of these moneys, which, as the committee 11 Mr. WOODWARD. I rise to make an ex- ['
will recollect, are to be paid to individuals, as in :i p]anation, as I have misunderstood the matter. \
the case of the Senecas, of New York, where ; secuon excepts cases from the per capita rule,
moneys had been deposited by individuals—spe- i where the interests of the Indians demanded it.
cific sums—in the hand of a defaulting agent, it is ; j Minors would not receive this money directly, be-
provided by this amendment that all moneys to
be paid to Indians under this act shall be paid per
capita, I submit to the committee whether that
would not be the construction put upon the amend- :
ment under consideration—that it would be pnid
to the tribe per capita, instead of the individuals to
whom it was due?
Mr. WOODWARD. That amendment is not
intended that others than those entitled shall re-
ceive the moneys appropriated by this bill.
Mr. SACKETT. if the gentleman will allow ,
me, 1 will ask the question, whether there is not
certain appropriations in this bill to comply with
the conditions of certain existing treaties?
Mr. WOODWARD. I believe that there are. ,
Mr. SACKETT. Those treaties uniformly j
point out the manner in which the moneys shall
be paid. We have no power, if that be so, to
cause they are not competent legally to receive it ;
all, and in such a case the guardian will receive it. '
Children will not receive it, because they are not
competent to receive it. These would be exeep- 1
tions to the rule. I will say further, when I speak
of the contracts of agents, I do not mean the public
commissioners appointed regularly by the Indian
tribes. I did not mean that, nor do I think that
my words would receive any such construction.
The commissioners of Indian Affairs, regularly
commissioned, would not come in under the desig-
nation of attorneys or agents. I allude to these
agents, the hawks and buzzards who swarm about ;
this Hall, and swallow up the means of these j
unfortunate individuals, taking, in many instances,
one half for collecting the whole, when there is
manifestly no difficulty in the matter. These
agents persuade the Indians that some friend must
change existing treaties which have been made <i be necessary here that Government is going to
' ■ " ' cheat them, that the officers of the department are
corrupt, and will not pay them. Under this delu-
sion these poor ignorant Indians are induced, in
many instances, to pay one half or one third of '
the money to collect a' debt which would be paid
promptly", if presented to the proper department.
Mr. WALSH. I do not desire to propose an
amendment, and if the House would hear what I
have to sav, 1 will be obliged to them. First,
these cases .if fraud are to be ascertained.
Sow, 1 have heard of an old story where a per-
son, to save individual grace, blessed a barrel of beef
[laughter] in the lump. And here we find gentle-
men denouncing a whole class of men. This thing
is not to be done in the general, in the first in-
stance, and then to be individualized in the second.
It was well said by the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Wooduaru] that theie are treaty
provisions as to how this money should be paid.
rExecu-
cannot tell
whether a power of attorney is fraudulent or not
j —that they cannot institute an examination ? We
, all know the cose of the Cherokees, about which |
; so much has been said, where the power of attor-
I ney was assailed, and where it came out, in the i
between this and other nations. You cannot
change them.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not mean that the
amendment shall have a reference to our agents,
but those appointed by the Incians. Our agents
will be competent to act as heretofore under the
bill.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I was goin^ on to say that
where, by treaty stipulations, moneys weie pro-
vided to be paid to tribes; annuities, for instance,
which aie provided in this bill to particular tribes, !
it would be best to prescribe that the moneys shall
be paid per capita. But take the case of the two
individuals who are jointly interested in this large
sum of money which was squandered bv the In-
dian agent in the State of Isew York, their own
private funds, which had been deposited with him,
this amendment would provide for the distribution
of that private fund per capita amongst the tribe.
I move, therefore, if the amendment is susceptible ' Why not leave it to general law ? Is your
of amendment, to insert after the words "to the j tive Government so impotent that they cai
Indians themselves," the words, "to whom it
shall be due or to the tribe or part of the tribe per
capita.1'
Mr. WARD. I feel a sense of duty requires
that 1 shall oppose the amendment. All our
transactions with the Indian tribes are based upon ^ course of the investigation, that if was coupled
the supposition that they are, to a certain extent, with an interest for service rendered. The Attor- '
independent nations. This proposes to revolu- j ney Genera! gave it as his opinion that the money
• ' * * 1 i i.. il .m,i t tin 1 fil.i-tiil/l Kii i-in id -nit/it* T11 1 I 1 vi ir a c< 11 rrr  t I AT i-mr
lionize that, whole system—to destroy the nation-
ality of the Indians, so tar as regards our action
should be paid, after a full investigation. Now,
whether it was wrong or not, I cannot enter into
towards them, and recognize the existence of : an inquiry here; butyou see there is a tribunal com
individuals—a thiug which cannot be done while
they are recognized os nations. While they are
recognized as individuals, they have a right 10
petent to enforce right, and apply their powers of ^
investigation to all cases which arise. If a man is i
! proved to be a cormorant, let him be condemned,
prescribe their own rules of action, and they have ' and if he has practiced frauds upon the Indians, I
a right to appoint their own agent. We are step- : by which he has obtained his power of attorney,
ping forward, and by a declaration of Congress, , let him be punished.
so far as that may go, denationahzmgthem—say-
ing that they shall not appoint their agents. In
addition to all that, the thing is impracticable.
How are the agents of the Government tohuntup lows:
each and every individual who may constitute a
member of the tribe? Is he to hunt through mo-
rasses to find t hern,not regarclingthemnsanation,
but treating and acting towards them as individ-
auls—destroying their national character, which it
ought to be the pride of this Government to re-
tain? We can act with them only through their
national organs as a nation. Here we are attempt- :' sillllt designate, be divided and paid over to heads of fkmi- ■
in*, in a bill like this, to revolutionize the whole : hes amlothe. imlmduak enmlod to panicipate tbwem, or,
Mr. IIAVEN. I ask for the reading of the
third section of the law to which I just alluded.
The Clerk then read the third section, as fol-
r. 3. Ami be it further enarfed, Thar the eleventh
; section of tine act to provide tor the belter organization of
j the department of Indian Affairs, approved June 30, J?34,
- be, and the sam° is hereby so amended as to provide that
all annuities oi oilier moneys, and all "nod* stipulated by
i treaty to be paid oi furniphert to any Indian triUc, ebiiH, at
the discretion of the President or Secretary of War, m-tead
of beiiij* paid over to the chiefs, or to such person* as they
ing, in a bill like this, to revolutionize the whole
system, that has worked so well for the last fifty
or sixty years. I hope the House will not attempt
such a thing without due reflection upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. HAVEN. I would hke to say, for the in-
formation of such members of the House as have
not looked at the matter, that, by a general law,
these moneys that are payable to the Indians may
be directed to be paid by the Secretary of the
with the consent of the tube, be applied to Mich purposes
as will be«t promote the happiness and prosperity of the
members theieof, under such lobulations ai shall be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of War, not inconsistent ivithVx-
teting treaty stipulations. And no «uch annuities, or
money?, or goods shall foe paid or distributed to the Indians
while they aie under the influencoof any description of in- ;
toxicatiriK liquor, nor whiie theie are good and sufiieient i
reasons for the officers and agents, whose duty it may be
tu make such payments or distribution, for believing that '
| therein any species of intoxicating liquor within convc-
I nient reach of the Indians, nor until the chiefs and head- i
men of the tribe shall have pledged themselves to use all
their influence and to make all proper exertions to prevent
the introduction and sale of such liquor In their country,
and all executory contiacts made and enteied into by any
Indian for the payment of money or goods shall be deemed
and held to he mill and void, and of no binding effect what-
ever.
Mr. VENABLE said: Mr. Chairman, I have
no amendment to propose, and the debate on that
under consideration being closed, I cannot proceed
unless by the unanimous consent of the House.
[Cries of "Leave!'' "Leave!" from all parts of
the House.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can pro-
ceed only by unanimous consent of the commit-
tee. If there is no objection, the gentleman will
! proceed with his remarks.
i Mr. VENABLE. I acknowledge my obliga-
; tions to the committee for the courtesy extended
to me on this occasion. There are some facts
; which ought to be brought to the knowledge of
I the committee and the country. Our constituents
: ought to know the fact that the Government here is
to all-practical purposes, in thehands of the claim-
. agents, the letter-writers, and the common plun-
' derers. The penalty which any representative of
the people has to pay for independent resistance
to the plunder of the Treasury, or the protection
> of such unlucky claimants as may succeed in pros-
ecuting a just demand upon the Government from
the exactions of those who profess to be their
! agents, is to be slandered and assailed by all the
I hireling scribblers who are under pay to form pub-
lic opinion, as letter-writers; to find himself de-
nounced and black-balled in the penny press, and
held up to the public as a just subject of oppro-
- brium and reproach. Iam not thin-skinned enough
. to feel such assaults, but take this occasion to ex-
; press my contempt for them and their employers,
whether it be claim-ogents or the print-daubers of
; a venal press.
Unless the Government is rescued from such an
unholy dominion, it must dissolve in its own cor-
, ruption and imbecility. The poor Indian, after a
' prosecution of a just claim for a quarter of a cent-
: ury,with his papers withheld, and every obstruc-
tion placed in the way of its recognition, finds
I himself at last, when tardy justice is done, sub-
j jected to the demandsof those harpies, who gather
| around the bureau which is to direct the payment,
1 with caveats for services which have never been
j rendered, and a claim for half the amount, to be
! delivered to them. I speak by the card, and know
I what I say. It is insufferable that such prac-
j tices should be tolerated. Who made the Depart-
j ments of this Government the arbiters of such
claims for compensation > How disgraceful is it
I to the country, that the just, the wronged claim-
' ant should be subjected to such exactions by the
■ action of the Government itself. Sir, this is in-
deed filling the cup of bitterness to the brim. It
is heaping outrage upon injury on the poor, the
oppressed denizen of a country once his own.
Can there be any reason why a claim, now allowed
after twenty years'denial by the Government which
owed it, should be curtailed by half, under the
judgment of the Departments of the Government
itself? The evil is a crying one; it has become an
acknowledged truth, that a small, honest claim
stands no chance of a hearing. The seaman's, or
the soldier's widow may, for years, knock in vain
at the doors of the Treasury. Their claims are
too small to admit of large fees, or expensive en-
tertainments. The poor Indian, unused to those
i appliances, must {surrender half of his right, or he
cannot be heard. But large and annual spoha-
. tions, magnificent assaults upon the Treasury for
; steam lines, and other splendid schemes, find will-
, ing auditors and active agents, who surround the
lobbies of this House like the vultures who fly in
I the rear of an army, always present, always im-
I portunafe, and ever ready to plunge their beaks
| into their prey. There was, as I am informed, a
; bill passed by Congress not many years since,
, granting $112,000 to a tribe of Indians, as due by
; treaty, and these agents pocketed $56,000 of the
j amount. The whole scheme of plunder is reduced
j to a system, and those high in office are the efficient
friends of tne claimants for such exorbitant exac-
tions. I have felt it my duty to speak plainly upon
this subject. 1 am grateful for the courtesy of the
committee, which allowed me the opportunity. I
felt that it was the duty of some representative of
the people to expose a system of organized opera-
tion, by which those wito had just claims upon
