1760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jul j 13.
emigration, to encourage new swarms to leave the
t>ld hive. Yes, sir, it is to give the public lands
away in a new manner; to encourage your young
men to go and take possession of the lands, under
the security given by armed guards placed upon
the route. Is it a military guard? Gentlemen
say not. How are they to subsist themselves as
volunteers? I suppose they must depend upon
themselves as other emigrants have been compelled
to do. Or are they to take upon themselves the
business of agriculture? Then you not only give
them the public lands, but you give them the means
of subsisting in the mean time, and you absolutely
pay them to go and take possession of the lands,
i have heard before, sir, of propositions to give
away the public lands, but this is the first time that
a proposition has come before us, to pay persons
to go and take the public lands. You cannot dis-
guise it; this is the form that it will assume at last.
The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borland]
says that the old States feel some trepidation and
alarm when propositions of this kind are made.
Let him understand that those who go forth as
emigrants are the friends and brothers of those
they leave behind, and they share out- common
sympathies. But this is the first time we have
undertaken to colomze the new States at the ex-
pense of the old States exclusively. Were Ten-
nessee, Missouri, Kentucky, or was Arkansas
itself settled by the bounty of the Government?
Why, sir, voluntary emigration alone will exhaust
the old States, or at least it will have no limit.
Those who choose may now go for the purpose
of improving their fortunes, but this whole system,
under the guise of strengthening the Armyr is
nothing but a proposition to give $4,000,000 a year
to certain young men to go and make their for-
tunes with the aid of the Government to accom-
plish it. If they choose to go to California or
Oregon, by the way of the Isthmus, or around the
Cape, the sea is open to them, but you should not
stimulate this emigration. I do not say that 1
would not encourage it fairly; but I would do it
by allowing those who choose to go and pay for
the lands, to go; and a population which goes and
pays for the land, will be worth something. But
the foreign population, encouraged to go from the
large cities like New York and Philadelphia, and
take your land, is not to be compared with1 those
who go and pay for the land with that which they
had earned before they went.
But, i did-not intend to go into this subject.
All I ask is, that it may be considered. If the
Senators from Illinois will give reasons, or suggest
reasons, such as gentlemen of their responsibility
can give, I may withdraw my objections; but 1
cannot allow an appropriation of $4,000,000 to be
passed here without having the objects explained
in such a way that the country can understand
them. Whenever gentlemen satisfy me, I shall
indulge no feeling of jealousy, particularly be-
tween the old and new States, because my friends
are there, my relations are there, and will continue
to go; but I hold that this exhausting of the old hive
to make new swarms, under the stimulating influ-
ence of the bounty of the Government, is full of
instruction.
I heard my friend from Texas [Mr. Rusk-] re-
mark that there were fifty-four millions of money
to be appropriated, and that the Collins line was
about as good an object to make an appropriation
for as any other. Now, my friend from Arkan-
sas says that the protection of this emigration is
about as good an object as any other. 1 think he
ought to join the Collins line party, and one take
land and'the other money. There is no resisting
the combination for the giving away of the public
property.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will endeavor to comply
with the wish of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Butler,] and explain the objects of
the bill; I thought I had done so beftfre.
We have large possessions on the Pacific ocean,
which are rapidly increasing in population. We
have wealthy and populous States on this side of
the Rocky Mountains, but, between them we
have an intervening unsettled country—a vast
wilderness, filled with hostile savages—through
which there is no road that is safe for the emigrant
or the business man; the object of the bill is to bind
closely together these two great divisions of this
Republic; to afford protection upon the route to
the Pacific, to the emigrant, protection to the set-
tler, ^protection, to-the business man, protection to
the agents of Government, protection to every
man who, by the authority, or the permission of
this Government, shall find it necessary to cross
that route. This is the object of the bill.
Now, the first question 1 wish to settle with
gentlemen who oppose the bill is this: is it their
purpose to leave that route unprotected? or do
they hold that it is the duty of the Government
to give protection to it? Gentlemen argue as if
they never intended to provide protection for the
multitudes traveling on that line. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] tells me
that it is the first time he has ever seen a proposi-
tion to pay money for the settlement of a new
country, t do "not understand, distinctly, what
the Senator means by " paying money for set-
tling a new country !" If affording protection to
settlers and travelers, to their families, and to their
property, constitutes what he terms " paying"
them, I apprehend that he has read the history of
his country to very little purpose, if he says this
is the first ume such a proposition has been made.
I think I could point to millions that have been
expended for the protection of the settlers in the
State of Georgia; to fifty millions expended for the
protection of the settlers in the State of Florida.
1 do not know ho^y many millions have been de-
voted to the same purpose m Alabama, Louisiana,
A rkansas, Missouri, and in ail the new States.
Millions upon millions have been expended to
protect settlers and emigrants, their families and
their property, in these States,andisthis Western
route to be an exception to the general rule? By
no means. The bill only provides, and only pro-
poses to do on this line of travel what you have
constantly done elsewhere, what you have always
recognized as a sacred obligation—to afford pro-
tection to life and property wherever you have a
settlement within the limits of the country. If
gentlemen concur with me in this view, if the ob-
ligation to protect the route is recognized, then I
am ready to enter into the discussion of this ques-
tion—the legitimate question—what is the cheap-
est, best, and most effectual mode of accomplish-
ing this great and important duty. The Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] speaks of four
millions of dollars, and repeats it over and over
again, as if it were a fixed and established fact,
that the passage of this bill would impose on the
Government the expenditure of that amount! By
what authority does he fix the costat four millions
of dollars? By way of jest, I suppose, the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] on a
former occasion spoke of the cost being three mil-
lions of dollars; but that assumption was predica-
ted on the supposition that the horses for these
three thousand men were to be furnished by the
Government, and that all the supplies of every
description required for their subsistence were to
be sent to them by the Government from the
States, instead of their being raised along the line
by the men. I'know of no means by which we
can arrive at the precise amount of the expendi-
ture. I.haveno idea, however, that it would be
one half or one third of the lowest sum stated or
suggested by the opponents of this bill, i cannot
say, nor is it material, how much the precise
amount of expenditure will tie, provided it is your
duly to afford the protection, and provided, fur-
ther, that this is the cheapest and most efficient
mode of accomplishing that object.
Sir, it is an easy thing to excite ridicule against
a measure of public policy, if we are disposed to
make light of the subject instead of discussing it
gravely. I hardly know how to meet gentlemen
in debate for the reason that I am unable to under-
stand what their policy is. If I could be informed
as to what point I should direct the argument,
whether it be that no protection is to be furnished,
or whether it be that this is not the proper mode
in which to afford that protection, then I should be
able to answer. Sir, it looks to me as if the de-
sign was to deprive us of every thing like protec-
tion in that vast region lying between the Missis-
sippi and the Pacific ocean. If that be the object of
those gentlemen who oppose this measure, I hold
that they, rather than we, are the allies of these
steam lines to which allusion has been made. But
I know that that cannot be the motive. It cannot
be that they wish to drive all our emigrants who
wish to go to California or Oregon, some six,
seven, or eight thousand miles by water, instead
of allowing some of them to go across the country
by land. What, then, is the object of gentlemen ?
Is if to force the Pacific States and the Territories
of the Union to separate from the Atlantic States,
and become an independent Government? Sir,
whatever the object may be, it requires not the
spirit of.a prophet to foresee that it is utterly im-
possible to preserve this Union—that it is utterly
impossible *to preserve that connection between
the Atlantic and the Pacific, if you are to keep a
wilderness of two thousand miles in extent be-
tween you.
Again, sir, you have gone too far now to refuse
this protection. You have authorized settlements
and established territorial governments in the in-
termediate country. You have organized two
distinct Territories lying half way between the
Atlantic and the Pacific States of the Union, in the
very midst of that wilderness. You have en-
couraged your people to move there; you have
promised them protection for their lives and their
property, and in pursuance ofyourown invitation,
and under the obligation and protection of your
own laws, twenty thousand men, women, and
children, are now on their way through that wil-
derness to their new homes, exposed to all the
ravages which savage hordes may inflict upon
them from time to time. And are you now to
abandon them ? Are you now to abandon your
own fellow-citizens, whom you have encouraged
to go there, or will you be true to the dictates of
duty and honor and afford them protection?
Money, sir, money is the argument which is used
against the performance of duty. Sir, if it is to
be made a question of money, then, as 1 said be-
fore, this is an economical measure. Look at your
expenditures within the borders of New Mexico
during the last year? I have not examined the
details of the reports, but I have heard it said
upon this floor, that during the last year you ex-
pended money to the amount of six millions of
dollars. And if that is so, let me ask what you
have accomplished ? You have not, with all the
money, been able to keep the Indians in check,
or to protect the lives and property of your citizens
there. Is it proposed now to go on in this wqy
and expend six millions more every year? And
if it takes six millions annually for that Territory,
will it npt take six millions also for each of the
others under the same plan of operation ?
Sir, I hold that you are bound to incur even
that enormous expenditure, if you cannot afford
the requisite prot< ction at a less cost, i deny that
it is a question whether they shall be protected or
not. 1 deny your right to withhold protection
from these people. You are under a moral obli-
gation to do it; you cannot refuse to do it; and
the only question is, as to the best arid cheapest
mode of performing that which is imperative to
be done. If any gentleman on this floor can
show that it can be done by another mode cheaper
than the one I have suggested, I am ready to
adopt it. If any gentleman will point out a pro-
vision of the bill which is not well adapted to the
object contemplated, I am quite willing that it
should be stricken out, and another one substitu-
ted in its place. If any Senator will show me
how this duty can be performed at less expense,
I will readily adopt his amendment; but I neither
understand nor appreciate the course of argument
which opposes this bill and supplies nothing in
the place of it, so that the great duties which are
imposed upon us may be performed under the cir-
cumstances of the case.
Mr. President, I was not ambitious to come
forward with a proposition of this kind. The
Committeeon theTerritories took the subject under
their consideration, because, under the rules of
the Senate, they were charged with the protection
of these Territories; and for the further reason
that memorials upon memorials in piles, from all
the Western States, have been flowing in upon
us during the entire session, and the Senate have
referred them to the Committee on theTerritories,
so that that committee should take such steps as
they might deem to be necessary.
Mr. MASON. Memorials for what?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Memorials for the protection
of the emigrant lines; memorials for protection
between the Mississippi river and the Pacific
ocean; memorials for protection by military force;
memorials for the establishment of law and order
there; memorials, in short, asking for protection
to life and property along the whole line. We
have in the committee-room innumerable memo-
rials upon this subject; and scarcely a day passes
