1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
scale upon which the regular Army is conducted,
and it is for that reason that 1 fear to have the bill
go to the Committee on Military Affairs, on ac-
count of the amount of money which they may
think it necessary to provide.
Sir, we show clearly the object of the bill. It
is to make a road and protect that road, and all
the people who travel upon it or settle along the
route. > We wish to do it in the best and cheapest
possible mode; and we know* the best mode is to
niake it for the interest of the men owning the
soil to protect the soil. There is no mode by
which you can do it except by a line of settlers
from the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific
ocean. That line of settlements can only be formed
by making the road and protecting it. You need it
for a military road as well as for commercial and
domestic purposes. You need it to regulate your
intercourse with the Indians, and it is your duty
to make it for the protection of those who have
already gone there under the protection of your
laws.
When you look at this, you will see that all
these estimates are unnecessary, because the ex-
penditure is to be met by the men themselves.
But the Senator says, these men will have to be
engaged in the duties of soldiers, and therefore
cannot have time to build themselves houses. Sir,
the moment you have one hundred men stationed
at a post, the presence of that number operates as
a perfect security. Fifty can go on to the next
station and raise it, and twenty of those who re-
main may be engaged in cultivating the soil.
The Senator from Georgia asks how long a
time it will take to clear the country, and prepare
it for the cultivation of the soil ? The gentleman
does not happen to live in a prairie country; he is
not aware that all the land is already cleared, and
therefore ready for the plow at this very mo-
ment.
Mr. DAWSON. Does it not take a year to
raise a crop, and a year to raise hogs?
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the very point I was
coming to. It will not take a year to raise the
hogs, as the Senator appears to anticipate, for I
expect that they will drive their horses, their cat-
tle, and their hogs with them, as the emiguuits
do; whenever they remove for the purpose of
taking up a position elsewhere, they invariably
drive all the live stock necessary for their use with
them, and that stock will be able to support itself
on the prairies during the summer, and those very
prairies constitute vast meadows on which the
trass necessary for the subsistence of the stock
uring the winter can be cut. The only thing
you have to supply, therefore, is a portion of the
breadstuffs during part of.the first year, until the
corn crop can mature. For that reason I sug-
fested that the expenditure for the first year will
e greater than for any subsequent year.
But I must remind the Senate again, that the
.p'ointing out these objections, and the suggestion
of these large expenditures, show us that we are
to expect no protection at all; they evince direct,
open hostility to that section of country.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. But-
ler] points out this expenditure, without taking
into consideration the argument that this mode
is fifty per cent, cheaper than any that has ever
yet been devised and reported on by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. I want the opponents of
this bill to meet the argument. Have they done
so? If they do not adopt this system, what sys-
tem will they adopt ? I want again to remind them
that every objection, every argument they use,
shows clearly that they are predetermined to de-
prive us olK.ll protection. We wish to under-
stand what line of policy is to be pursued to-
wards us; whether it is simply a choice of means
that is to be consulted, or whether we are to be
subjected to a denial of all justice. This is the
very point which we wish to understand. The
Great "West demands some protection of this na-
ture: the Pacific coast demands it; the whole nation
demands it. Is there a man in this Senate who
does not know that to refuse to withhold that pro-
tection, is to advocate the disunion of this Repub-
lic ? Is there a man in this body who does not
know, that this Union cannot exist unless wtf have
some means—either this road, or a railroad, or
some other means of communication, with the Pa-
cific ? ...
I want Senators to meet this broad question,
and, if they are opposed to open a communica-
tion between the Atlantic and the Pacific, if they
■are in favor of disunion, let them declare it. Let.
the people of the United States understand it dis-
tinctly. I care not what cause they allege for
their course, whether they rest it on the score of
economy, or on any other footing. It is true that
the protection we ask for will cost money; the
protection of the Union costs money in every sec-
tion. We have expended money freely in Geor-
gia, and in those other States from which this op-
position comes; we have expended millions on
millions on the coast of the Old Dominion. Never
has the great West objected when Virginia asked
for one, two, five, or seven millions for the pro-
tection of the Old Dominion; and that against an
imaginary, anticipated, foreign invasion! But
when we of the W est ask for protection for our-
selves, our women, and children, over whose
heads the tomahawk is suspended, we are told
that it costs money! Economy is the argument
put in contrast with a call for the preservation of
life. I think it is time that gentlemen understood
the bearings of this question.
I repeat that I do not stand upon the provisions
of this bill. Modify them as you please, provided
you accomplish the object. Change them as you
please. Offer amendments to every section, so
that not a line 1 have written shall remain, and I
will accept them, provided you carry out the ob-
ject of the bill; provided you afford protection to
emigrants and settlers, and open a communication
with the Pacific.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to say a word or two
in explanation and in answer to the Senator from
Illinois, before dismissing this subject, for I am
not prepared to vote upon it now. I told him
candidly that I had not the information to enable
me to vote intelligently upon it at this time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing to accede to the
request of the Senator to postpone the considera-
tion of the bill until some day named by him.
Mr. BUTLER. I have not considered the pro-
visions of the bill. It struck me as a remarkable
bill, however, and one which broaches a'new poli-
cy; and in that I am entirely correct. The Sena-
tor from Illinois has repeated the words, " Will
you deny us protection >" I think the word " pro-
tection "has been very often repeated,as though
I had denied the power or right of every Govern-
ment, and this Government especially, to protect
its citizens in the enjoyment of life and property.
But how is the Government to afford that protec-
tion ? Are you to have guardians for every man,
woman, and child, who chooses to leave one part
of the country to go to another? That would be
one mode of protection. Are you to afford a mili-
tary escort for the traveler from one part of the
country to another ? In every instance the pro-
tection which is to be afforded to every people by
their Government, is the protection of the law.
The protection by the Army, of course, may be
in enforcement of the law. You organize a terri-
torial government. For what? To give your
people protection. You.have an army. For what
purpose? To give your people protection. If the
Senator from Illinois will convince me that this
is the best mode of increasing the Army—and
heretofore protection has been afforded to our citi-
zens and emigrants going abroad, by the law, and
by the Army, by the war power—I may look with
favor upon his proposition. But this is the com-
mencement of a new policy, that, under the guise of
regulating emigration, or promoting the Union,
is to be adopted ! Sir, I shall not be surprised
shortly to see some bill introduced into this body
to hasten the millennium, [laughter,] some speci-
fic measure; and I have no doubt money would
be one of the measures for hastening the millenni-
um. [Continued laifghter.] What declamation
would you hear then! What fruitful themes for
declamation the Union supplies !
But when the honorable Senator from Illinois
rises and proposes a measure here, he must take
the responsibility of satisfying the body that the
measure is proper in itself. He has no right to
retort on those who oppose it, that they have irot
satisfied him that their objections are valid. That
is no mode of treating a proposition of this kind.
He must satisfy me upon his responsibility, as a
statesman and a politician, that the measure is
right. I have a right, and We all have a right,
to make every objection we can, until we have
sufficient reasons to satisfy the body that the meas-
ure is proper, and ought to be adopted. He
should satisfy us that this is the best mode of in-
creasing the Army—if it is necessary to increase it
three thousand men—for the purpose of protecting
our emigrants or settlers against the Indians.
That protection has heretofore been extended by
the sword, and by an army under the command
of the Government; but to make roads, and
bridges, and ferries, and plant corn-fields, to en-
able your emigrants to go from one part of the
country to another, has never been done from the
beginning of the Government to this time. That
is a form which protection has never assumed.
The only protection that many have had has been
by going in bodies and protecting themselves, or
they have had the ordinary protection from the
Army, or from the laws. Adventurers who go
from one part of the country to another must
devise means for protection to somfe extent—not
entirely, I admit; but I am opposed to making the
Government the guardian of every one. I like
the principle of the common law; let every man
protect himself to some extent; but when he can-
not do it, give him the protection of the law and
of the Army; but to make a road, and plantcorn-
fields, and do all this, is a new mode of giving
protection. It is, to be sure, feeding our people
at the expense of the Treasury.
I am not prepared to vote upon the bill now. I
should desire time to be convinced in regard to its
details. I do not say that I am opposed to it en-
tirely; but I must retort upon my friend, when he
tells me that 1 have made objections which he
cannofUnderstand and does not think valid, that I
expect him, as the author of the measure, to sat-
isfy me, and all those who act with mo, in regard
to its provisions.
Mr. DOUGLAS. To what time does the Sena-
tor desire the bill to be postponed ?
Mr. BUTLER. I should like four or five days,
to converse with the Senator or some other person
on the subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing to postpone the
further consideration of the bill for a week—say
until next Tuesday.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to postpone it until
this day week.
Mr. BORLAND. I have a few words to say,
not so much against the postponement—though I
am prepared to act upon the bill speedily—as in
response to a suggestion of my friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Bctleb,] which looked a little like
shifting me from my position in supporting a meas-
ure which I have taken some trouble to uphold.
He thought, from the rule of action by which I
seemed to be governed in this case, that I might,
without inconsistency, go over to the support of
the Collins line of steamers. If he,.or any of the
advocates of the Collins line, or of any other
measure, can show me that it stands on a founda-
tion similar to this, I will go for it at once and
without hesitation. But the Senator treated it as
a most amazing proposition that we should under-
take to protect emigrants going from one portion
of our country to another, and asked if we were
to appoint a guardian for every man, woman, and
child who chooses to move from one region-of the
country to another? He says he is willing to put
them under the protection of law and the army.
Mr. BUTLER. It has never been done other-
wise.
Mr. BORLAND. Now, let me ask if this bill
proposes to do any more for the persons who, for
commerce or for any other purpose, seek a new
home in our own territory—even if we do pay
three or four millions a year—than we pay now,
and have paid from the -foundation of the Gov-
ernment, in protecting those who, for purposes of
commerce, or afiy other purpose, choose to leave
our borders and go into foreign countries? For
what do we keep up a Navy? An American citi-
zen chooses to build a ship, and load it with com-
modities for purposes of speculation or pleasure,
and go thousands of miles across the ocean, per-
haps into regions now unknown, and discover new-
territories with which to trade or reside. Let him
be subjected to an outrage there—let his rights of
person or property be infringed, and what is the
consequence? What has already been acknowl-
edged as the obligation of this Government is to
send armed ships there, and seek redress for the
injury received m person or property; and for the
purpose of doing that, and of being always ready
to do it, we are now paying $8,000,000 a year to
maintain a Navy,
