APPROPRIATIONS, NEW OFFICES, ETC.
Reportofthe Clerk of the House of Representatives of
the United States^ in compliance with the " act to
authorize the appointment of additional paymasters,
mdfor other purposes," passed July 4t 1836.
Office of the House of Representatives
of tue United States, November 29,1852.
In obpdience to the sixth section of the " act to authorize
the appointment of additional paymasters, and for other ,
purposes," parsed July 4, 1836, which requires "the Sec-
retary of the Senate and Clerk of the House of Itepiesent-
atives, as soon as may be after the close of each session of :
uongressj to publish a statement of all appropriations made j i
a uring the session; and also a statement of the new offices "
futa «' an",thc salaries of each ; and also a statement of
offices the salaries of which are increased, and the
amount of such increase," the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives submits the accompanying statements.
JOHN W. FORNEY,
Cleric House of Reps. U, S.
STATEMENTS SHOWING j
Firs*—Appropriations made during the first session of the i
Thirty second Congress. |
5??'fV*~0ffice5! created, and the salaries thereof. 1
1 fiird—The offices the salaries of which have been in I
creased, with the amount of such increase, during the !
same period. ! j
November 29, 1852.—Prepared by the Secretary of',
the Senate and the Clerk of the House of Repre- ' \
sentatives, in pursuance of the sixth section of the ]'
act of July 4,1836, "to authorize the appointment of j'
additional paymasters, and for other purposes." j,
j*—appropriations made during the tlrst
session of the thirty-second congress.
By the act making appropriation to meet the expenses
incurred in consequence of the late fire at the Cap- ,
xlol. I
For discharge of the expenses incuned in the
extinguishment of the late fire in the Library i
room, the removal of the rubbish, and thepres- '
ervation of such books and other articles as 1
may have been saved, and the constiuction of I
a tin roof for the preservation and protection
of that portion of the building now exposed... &5,000 00 i
For the purchase of books for the Library of Con- "
gress  105000 00 !
$15,000 00 i
By the act to make land warrants assignable, and for
other purposes.
For services heretofore performed in locating mil-
itary bounty land warrants, the same rate of
compensation provided in the preceding section
for services hereafter to be performed, after de-
ducting the amount already received by such
officers under the act entitled cc An act* to re-
quire the holders of military land warrants to
compensate the land officers of the United
States for services in relation to the location of
those warrants," approved May seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight [Indefinite.]
By the act making an appropriation for the payment of
Navy pensions for the year ending the thirtieth of
Jane, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three.
For invalid pensions   $45,000 00 i
By the act to provide a room for the Congressional !
Library. i
For the purpose of fitting up the document room '
and a portion of the adjoining passage to re- |
ceive, temporarily, a portion ot the books of |
the Congressional Library ,$1,200 00 '
By the act authorizing the payment of interest, to ihe f;
State of New Hampshire for advances made for the
use a3id benefd of the United States in repelling !{
invasion and suppressing insurrection, at Indian
Streams in said State. '
To liquidate and settle the claim of the State of
New Hampshire against the United States, for j
interest upon the military expenses incurred !
and actually expended by her for the protec 1
tion of the northeastern frontier of said State,
2nd repelling invasion and suppressing insur- , |
rection at Indian Stream, m the county of !■
Coos, in said State, m the years eighteen hun- !;
dred and thirty-five, eighteen hundred and ''
thirty-six, and eighteen hundred and thirty- ! i
seven  $6,000 00 i1
By the act providing for carrying into execution, in i
further part, the twelfth article of the treaty with
Mexico 9 concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo.
For the payment of the installment and lntei est
which will fail due on the thirtieth of May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, under the
twelfth article of the treaty between the United
States and Mexico, made and concluded at ,
Guadalupe Hidalgo, on the second d.tv of Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and forty-eight $'3,180,000 00 1
By the act for the relief of American citizens lately im- '•
prisoned and pardoned by the Queen of Spain. 1.
For the relief of American citizens lately impris- ,;
oned and pardoned by the Queen of Spain, and |!
who are out of the limits of the United States.. $6,000 00 |
By^ the act making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States, for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-three.
For invalid pensions under various acts $400,000 00 !
For pensions for widow* and orphans under the
act1* of Jul v the fourth, one thousand eight hun-
dred and thirty six, and July the twenty-first,
one thousand eight hundred and forty eight .377,240 00
For pensions to widows under theact of seventh
July, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight  90,000 00 '
For pensions to widows under the act of third
March, eighteen hundred and forty-three  30,000 00 j
For pensions to widows under the acts of the [
seventeenth of June, eighteen hundred and !
fortv-four, second of February, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight, and twenty-ninth of July,
eighteen hundred and forty eight 464,000 00
For half-pav pensions, to widows andoiphans,
piovided for by the eleventh section of an act 1
appioved January the twenty ninth, eighteen
hundred and thirteen, and the first section of
an act approvrd the sixteenth April, eighteen :
hundred and sixteen, payable through the of- !
fice of the Third Auditor of the Treasury, in 1
addition to an unexpended balance 5,000 00 j
$1,366,240 00 '
By the act to svppbj deficiencies in the appropriations •
for the service of the fiscal year ending the thirtieth i
June, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.
For the amount leqmred to pay re.^erved per-
centage under the contract for the floating
dock at Philadelphia  $5,933 68
For the amount required to pay for dredging the
river m front of the dock basin at the Phila-
delphia navy-yaid  12,000 00
For thf amount required to pay outstanding
liabilities for labor and materials expended on
dry dock, iron gates, pumps, engine-house,
etc., at Brooklyn  88,306 .V5
For the amount required to pay for reservations
under the contract for engine, etc., for the dry-
dock at Brookh ri    7,000 00
For completing the floating dry-dock at San
Francisco. California, authorized by a^tofthird
March, eighteen hundred and fiftv one  360,000 00
Foi compensation to temporary clerks in the
office of the Third Auditor of the Treasury,
employed in making out eeilifi^ates of service
from the muster-rolls of one thousand eight
hundred and twelve, and the several Indian
wars  11,800 00
For the contingent expenses of the office of the
Third Auditor, to pay for preparing books of
trnnsfeis from the (Quartermaster General's
office  200 00
For compensation to extra clerks employed tem-
porarily in the office of the Auditor of the
Po«t Office Department  4,000 00
For pasting in books, prepared for the purpose,
carceled certificate** of the registry and enroll-
ment? of vessels returned hv the several col-
lector of th<j customs  500 0U
For annuiti"* and grants   750 00.
For the icgnlar supplies of the Quartermaster's |
pppi!tment,consi«tin<roffoiage in kind forthe
hordes, mule?, and oxen of the Quartermaster's '
Department, at the s venl mihtaiv po«fs and
ftationp, nrnf with the armies m the field; for
flu1 hordes of the first and second regiments of
dragoons, t'i? companies of light artillery, the
regiment of mounted riflemen, and such com- '
pan'es of infantry a« may lie mounted, and
also for the authorized number of officers'
horses when serving in the field, and at the
out posts     795,000 00
For transportation of the aimy, including the
baggage of the troops, when moving either by
land or water; of clothing, camp, and garrison
equipage, and horse equipment, from the de-
f J)0ts at Philadelphia, St. Louis, and New Or-
Jeans, to the several posts and armydep&ts; of
subsistence, from the places of purchase, from
the places of delivery under contract, to such
places as the circumstances of the service may
require it to be sent; of ordnance, ordnance
stores, and small ai ms, from the founderies and
armones to the aisenals, fortifications, frontier
posts and army depots; freights, toils, and fer-
riage; for the purchase and hire of horses;
mules, oxen, wagons, carts, drays, ships and
other sea-going vessels and boats, for the trans-
j; portation ofsuppftes, and for garrison purposes;
j tor draying and cartage at the several posts;
I hire of teamsters, transportation of funds, for
I the pay and other disbursing departments; the
i expense of sailing public transports on the va-
■ rious rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the At-
lantic and the Pacific; and for procuring water
i at such posts as, from their situation, require
j that it be brought from a distance 890,000 00
l for the purchase of horses required for the first
| and second regiments of dragoons, the com-
, I panies of light artillery, the regiment of mount-
j cd riflemen, and such companies of infantry
as may be mounted     4ft,000 00
:] For constructing, repairing, and enlarging bar-
!} racks, quarters, hospitals, store-houses, sta-
j bles, wharves, and ways, at the several posts
| and army depots; for temporary cantonments,
I and the authorized furniture for barrack rooms
j ot'non-commissioned officers and soldiers, gun-
i houses for the protection of cannon, including
I the necessary tools and materials for the ob-
! jects enumerated, and for rent of quarters and
! offices for officers, and barracks and hospitals
| for troops, where there are no public buildings
| for their accommodation ; for store houses for
the safe keeping of military stores, and of
j grounds for summer cantonments and encamp-
i meats.. 219,000 00
For clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and
j horse equipments, for engineer troops, ord-
I nance department, dragoons, riflemen, light
> artillery, artillery and infantry  75,000 00
; For subsistence in kind 279,517 00
i For pay of five companies of Texas mounted
1 volunteers  80,741 00
j For running and marking the boundary line be-
l tvveen the United Slates and Mexico, accord-
ing to the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo   80,000 00
I For surveying eight hundred and seventy-five
; miles of meridian base and standard line6?,
1 meandering and survey of irregular or river
lot?, etc , in California, at a rate not exceeding
fifteen dollars per mile  13,125 00
; For subdividing land m California into town
fthips, equal to nine hundred miles of survey,
1 at a rate not exceeding fourteen dollars per
mile  12,000 00
• For subdividing fifty townships in California
; into sections, at a rate not exceeding twelve
I dollars, per mile  36,000 00
■ For surveying private claims in California  7,500. 00
For compensation of the surveyor general of Ar-
kansas, peractof Augusteighth,eighteen hun-
dred and forty six   2,000 00
1 For clcrks in the office of the surveyor genera!
i of Arkansas, per act of August eighth, eighteen
hundred and forty-six  6,3<10 00
For surveys in the mineral region of Michigan,
at a rate not exceeding six dollars per mile... 24,780 00
; For completing the survey of the saleable lands
in the Menomonee ccssion, and the survey of
the Lake Superior region, YVisconsin, at a rate
not exceeding five dollars per mile   20,000 00
For the completion of the township line&^and
the subdivisions of such of the townships as
' bear valuable pine timber, west of the fourth
principal meudian, and between the third and
j foui th connection parallels, at a rate not ev-
i ee^ding five dollars per mile    33,000 00
; For annual repairs of the President's House.... GOO 00
For Ailing up and grading, etc., Franklin square 406 99
; To make the roads and walks, and to plant La-
! fayette square     2,000 00
' To "complete the improvements on the square
j south of the President's House  12,000 00
: To supply the deficiency in the appropriation for
the casual repairs of the Capitol  1,500 00
For completing the improvements of New Jer-
sey avenue, north of the Capitol   9,000 00
For planting and finishing the roads and walks
thiough that portion of the public mall sur-
rounding the Smithsonian Institution   7,000 00
For piyinent to Augustus Humbert of balance of
hi> «alary as. United States assayer of gold m
California, under theact of thirtieth of Septem-
ber. eighteen hundred and fifty    1,250 00
For compensation of extra clerks employed m
tlie office of the Commissioner of Pensions.... 20,000 00
For expenses of establishing the superintendency
of Indian Affairs in California, authorized by
the act of third March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, viz:
For salary orSup-iiuti.ndent     1,318 6$
