1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
176&
If, for the purpose or protecting our citizens
who, for commerce or for pleasure, or any other
purpose, often leave our own shores and go thou-
sands of miles across the ocean, we are bound to
maintain a Navy, at an expense of eight millions
of dollars a year, I ask the Senator how can he
object when we propose—even at the extravagant
estimate which he has made of four millions a
year—to protect our citizens, men, women, and
children, who choose to seek new homes on our
own soil, and in pursuance, too, of the policy
which this Government has adopted, and has been
carrying out for years, of acquiring new territory,
and inviting and encouraging its settlement by the
enactment of liberalfetnd laws? How can we
refuse protection to these, while we are giving
every day to another class of our people who are
better able to protect themselves, and are certainly
ao more entitled to protection ?
As to the estimate which has been made, that it
will cost four millions a year to carry out the ob-
jects of this bill, I know it is extravagant, but I
shall not undertake to discuss it now. I presume
the further consideration of the subject will^ be
fostponed until a future day. In the mean time
will look into it, and if it shall become necessary,
i. think I shall be able to show by figures which
no one can dispute, that the proposition can be
carried out at an expense not only far below that
which Senators opposing it have suggested, but at
such a reduction upon the present expenditures
for military services intended for the same pur-
pose, but which serve no good purpose whatever.
Mr. BELL. I understand the motion pending
is to postpone the farther consideration of the bill.
I do not wish to discuss the subject now, but I
was about to suggest to the friends of the measure
-—and I beg leave to say that I do not know but \
that I shall be one myself when I come to under-
stand the practicability and extent of the objects
proposed to be attained by it—whether we could
not get some advantage by committing it, as was
proposed, to the Committee on Military Affairs
in the mean time. I have spoken to the chairman
of that committee [Mr. Shields] on this subject,
and he says truly, with the other Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] that it is a matter which
does not admit of definite estimates; still I beg
leave to suggest that there are some branches of j
information which would essentially aid us in
coming to a proper conclusion, and if we post-
pone it that that Sommittee might give us some
very valuable information upon the subject. For
example, I think we want topographical informa-
tion, and I presume it is more readily within their
means and convenience to present it to the Senate
than any other committee. I suppose the various
reports of exploring parties, of engineers and
others who have made reports to the Department,
could be collected, and some valuable information
be brought before the Senate by a little attention
and industry on the part of the committee. I
think it important to ascertain whether the objects
stated by the honorable Senator from Illinois are
practicable. I have not, to be sure, very thoroughly
studied the geography of the country as stated by
the honorable Senator; but is it possible to effect
the plan of protection which the honorable Sena-
tor proposes? I think we want light on that sub-
ject. My general information upon the subject
teacheS me that we have about five hundred miles
of sterile desert crossSng streams in which there is
but a very slight margin of vegetation; and the
suggestions thrown out by the honorable Senator, j
it seems to me—unless we have more information !
than I have on the subject—are not practicable
with regard to one of the most exposed portions j
of the route; for example, the route on which the ■
caitle and horses, not only of the military force,
but of the emigrant parties are in danger every j
year of perishing on account of a deficiency^ of1
grass on the road, for although grass does spring
up on the plam from our western borders to the
Rocky Mountains, yet it is sparse. This is a
part of the subject on which information could be
furnished by the Military Committee, and I should
like to see it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest that all the
information on that subject that can be furnished,
is printed by the Senate, and in the hands of every-
body, in the report of Colonel Fremont, who
encamped, night after night, on this very route.
Mr. BELL. Is that the route proposed m the
bill?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. - And it is supposed to be practi-
cable to establish large posts, one hundred miles
from each other, and intervening posts, twenty
miles distant, between the main points?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. Then there is another point upon
which we might get the information condensed.
We have not time to look into the reports, made
by the exploring parties, within the time that the
gentleman thinks we ought to act upon the bill.
He proposes to establish settlements for cultiva-
tion at various points. Is there such a soil on the
route as to admit of that? The prairies, over
which the road is proposed to pass, are not the
rich prairies of Illinois, Iowa, or a part of Mis-
souri. I understand they are of a very different
character. 1 should like to have some condensed
report on that subject. It could be extracted read-
ily. If the posts are to be sustained by cultiva-
tion at the points where they are to be established,
it is an important question whether or not the coun-
try is fertile enough for the purpose of forming the
nucleus of a settlement. If it be practicable, the
object is a worthy and a noble one; but I beg leave
to propose now to the honorable Senator from Il-
linois the question—and I would like him to an-
swer it if he is prepared—whether he expects any
such line of posts as this would be a sufficient
communication overland—sufficient military com-
munication for the still greater ulterior purpose of
holding the two great sections of this country to-
gether? How would that facilitate the passage of
armies? " It would only subsist the soldiers them-
selves, and would not even supply provisions to
emigrants; and when we want to transport troops
and munitions of war, does not the whole project
fall far short of the greater object of opening a com-
munication? In that point of view, it is important
to ascertain if we can make an approximate esti-
mate of the cost of the undertaking, and if it will
cost three or four millions a year, (and I think
it cannot cost less than three millions the first
year,) in reference to that, another question arises,
whether this plan would be the cheapest? The
honorable Senator says it is the cheapest plan, and
•the best one united. If it will cost three or four
millions the first year, and two or three millions
the second, had we not better commence at once a
great mode of communication by railroad or plank
road, or some other means which would enable us,
with sufficient facility and cheapness, to keep up
the communication, and hold the two grand sec-
tions of the Unioii^ogether, and protect the west-
ern frontier? These military posts, it seems to me,
will not accomplish that object. They are to be
temporary. They are to give protection to the
emigrant, but they open ho such communication
as the country will demand, between the Atlantic
and the Pacific coasts, and must demand before
a great while, particularly, as the Senator sug-
gests, if we should be involved in a war with any
'powerful maritime nation abroad. If it is to cost
us ten millions of dollars in three years, as some
gentlemen sincerely believe,—and others think
it will cost more,—would it not be more advanta-
geous to employ that immense sum in the com-
mencement m making a railroad from our western
borders to the bascof the Rocky Mountains? That
ten millions would make such a road. Would it
not be cheapest to commence at once some great
communication of this kind? These are all sub-
jects which do not seem now to be settled definitely,
but they are worthy to be considered.
Another suggestion; The honorable Senator
proooses to make these posts—these three thou-
sand men to be stationed along a line of two thou-
sand miles—for the protection of emigrants, and
he says theie are twenty thousand on the route
now—some gentlemen suggest thirty thousand. I
have heard of no depredations committed by the
Indians on them this year. The emigrants aie
only upon the route about four months in theyear;
but the bill proposes to establish and keep upon
that line three thousand men through the whole
year. There are eight months in the year when
they are not necessary for the protection of the
emigrants. As 1 understand it, about four mouths
complete the travel by emigration from the west-
ern part of the frontier to the settlements m our
western Territories. I may be mistaken m that,
but it is my impression. In the mean time the
three thousand men, and not only the men, but
their three thousand horses must be subsisted.
Has the honorable Senator taken into his calcula-
tions the estimate that such a force alone will ab-
sorb the'subsistence upon which the cattle and the
horses of the emigrants themselves must depends
The grass upon that desert of five hundred miles,
on this side of the Rocky Mountains, does not
spring up luxuriant and rich as it does in Illinois,
Iowa, or MissouH. It is scant for a large por-
tion at all seasons, and even the emigrants are
detained on thgijJourney, and their beast® of bur-
den die for want of a sufficient supply of grass—
at least such are the accounts I have seen.
If the bill is postponed, I beg leave to suggest
whether it would not be profitable to the whole
Senate to send it to the Committee on Military
Affairs, so that we may-have the necessary inform-
ation condensed and presented to us—or let it be
recommitted to the Committee on the Territories
for that purpose. I care not to which it is sent,
provided this information is obtained. I do not
think it sufficient for the honorable Senator from
Illinois to say that every gentleman can examtne
the voluminous reports made on this subject,
giving an account of the various explorations
made on the line. I think it is ordinarily the duty
of the committee which brings in such a measure
to present it in such a shape that Senators who are
occupied particularly in the investigation of other
matters which are before their respective commit-
tees may see at a bird's-eye.view the whole sub-
ject as far as there is any information to be ob-
tained in regard to it. I merely suggest that w®
miMit have such a report at the time to which it is
proposed to postpone the further consideration of
the bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, it is ad-
mitted on all hands that this is a very important
measure, necessarily attended with very great ex-
pense. I have not seen, as yet, any urgent ne-
cessity for it demonstrated. It is said that it is
to give protection to the emigrants, who are pass-
ing to the Pacific. Now, I would like to hear
from the honorable Senators who have advocated .
the bill, the extent of the depredations that have
recently been committed by the Indians upon the
emigrants. I think that some year or two ago,
forty-seven thousand emigrants passed Port Lar-
amie in a single year. That was probably a
larger number than usually pass; and I am not in
possession of facts which show tfiat any consider-
able number, or any of them, fell victims to the
savages. It is possible that the Indians may have
committed some depredations; it is possible they
mav have committed some murders; but I think
the'number has been unusually small, and that
the security with which the emigrants pass throuh
the Indian territory, exceeds that which border
settlers have usually enjoyed.
I think that before so important a measure as
this receives the sanction of the Senate, we ought
to have some distinct data, showing definitely an
urgent and imperious necessity for it. It is urged
that we should establish a line of communication
with our possessions on the Pacific, if we would
hold them. Such a line of communication is es-
sential. I believe there is great force in this sug-
gestion; but telegraphic communication is the last
mode to answer that purpose. If we would con-
nect ourselves with our western possessions, and
bind them to us so as to hold them permanently,
it must be by a railroad. In the first place, it
would be utterly impracticable to maintain and
keep up a line of communication by telegraph.
The distance is some two thousand miles, and
how liable it would be to interruptions, extending
for such a distance, from accident afcd from de-
sign, when passing through a country occupied
by numerous tribes of mischievous and hostile
Indians. When interrupted, how is it to be re-
stored? How are you to ascertain the point where
th* wire is broken, and to repair it without serious
tfelay? Then the extremes are so remote, and
the intermediate, stations so far from each other.
All this will be attended with very great practical
difficulty. Who is to maintain and operate the
stations along the line? Is the military force to
do it? It is obvious, I think, that telegraphic
communication is peculiarly adapted for, and can
only be safely sustained through a settled coun-
try, and not a wilderness like this.
Asrairt, regarding a railroad to the Pacific as es-
sential, if we would hold our possessions on that
coast, I object to this bill as a measure that vvould
embarrass, and probably defeat, the railroad, by
