1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
The roll of the House was then called, and the
following gentlemen answered to their names:
Messrs. Alx-rciombie, Aiken, Willis Alien, Allison, John
Appleton, William Appleton, Averett, B&bcork, Bar-
He tt, Bealc, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bocock, Bowie, Brng*,
Bieckinrul^c, Brenton, Brigg-s, Brook>, George II. Brown,
Buell, Bui rows, Busby, E. Oarrington Cabell, Joseph Ca-
ble, Lewis I). Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Ca^kie,
Chandler, Chapman, Churchwell, Clark, Cleveland, Clin^-
mau, Cobb. Conger, Cottman, Cullotn, Cuitis, Dame!,
'"George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dummok,
Doekery, Doty, Dunham, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmund-
son, Evans, Ficklm, Fitch, Florence, Flojd, Fowler, Free-
man, Henry M Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble,
Gaylord, Gihnore, Goodenow, Gorman, Grey, Hammond,
Harper, Jsham G. Harris, Hart, Haven, Hendricks, Henn,
Hibbard, Iltllyer, Holladay, Horsibid, Houston, Howard,
Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Jngorsoll, Tvo=; Tames
Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jone^, J. Glancy Jone.-. George G. Kmc,
Pre-ton King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Luteher, Lockhait,
Mace, Maun, Edv.ard C. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall,
Maitin, Ma^-on, McCorkle, McDonald, McLanaban, Mc-
Queen, Meaclntm, Meade, Miller, Millson, Miner, Mnlony,
Henry D Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Mm ray, Nabers,
Newton, Olds, Orr, Ouihuv, Andrew Parker, Samuel W.
Paiker, Peaslee, Perm, Penniman, Peikins, Polk, Porter,
Powell, Riddle, Robbms, Robinson, Ross Sackett, Scher-
merhorri, Schooleralt, Scudder, Scurry, David 1,. Soymour,
Origen S. Seytaour, Skelton, Srnail, Smith, Snow, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.. Stan-
ton, Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson,
George W. Thompson, Tuck, Variable, Walbridge, Wal-
lace, Wal^h, Ward, Washburn, Walking Welch, Wells,
-Addison White, Alexander White, Wildriek, Williams,
and Woodward
The following gentlemen were reported as ab-
sent, viz:
Messrs. Charles Alien, Andrews, Ashe. David J. Bailey,
Thomas H. Bayly, Banere, Bell, Bissell, Bovvne, John H.
Bojd, Albert G Brown, Biut, Caldwell, Cartter, Uliastam,
Colcock, Dai by, n* an, Disney, Duncan, Duikee, Ewnis*,
Faulkner, Geimy, Giddmgs, Goodrich, Green, Grow, Hall,
Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris, Haws, Hascall, Hebard,
John W. Howe, Hunter, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, McMullm, McNair, Moirison, Murphy, Phelps, Price,
Itantoul, Richardson, Robie, Russell, Savage, Sehoonnia-
fcer, Abr'm P. Stevens, Alexander H. Stephens, TJiaddeus
Stevens Stone, St. Martin, Siratton, Strothci, Sweetscr,
Thurston, Toombs, Townshend, Wilcox, and Yates.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to suspend all
further proceedings in the call.
Mr. STANLY. I hope not. The House is
far from being full, and I want to hear the excuses
for members who are not here.
The question was taken, and it was not agreed
to, there being—ayes 52, noes 82; so the House
refused to suspend all further proceedings in the
call.
The SPEAKER. The officers of the House
will close the doors of the Hall.
The doors of the Hall were accordingly closed.
The SPEAKER. The names of the absentees
will now be called over, and excuses may be ren-
dered, if any, for the absentees.
The clerk then read the names of the absentees
in the order in which they are inserted above.
Mr. Charles Allen.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 move that Mr. Allen- be
excused. The severe illness by which he has
been for a long time confined, is not yet removed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Charles Andrews.
Mr. GOODENOW". Mr. Avdeews is so ill
that he cannot be here. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. William S. Ashe. No excuse offered.
Mr. David J. Bailey.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. Mr. Bailey has
returned home, to attend to some business which
required his personal attention. 1 move that he
be excused
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Thomas H. Bayly. No excuse offered.
Mr. Thomas Bartlett. No^excuse offered.
Mr. Hiram Bell.
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Bell has gone home to
attend to important business which required his
personal attention. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLINCtMAN. Gentlemen are anxious to
act upon this bill. We had better suspend fur-
ther proceedings under the call. I make that
motion.
Mr. STANLY. It is a good use of time to get
every one here.
Mr. STUART. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Stuart and
Chandler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 53, noes 60.
So the motion*was not agreed to.
Wm. H. Bissell, No excuse offered.
Obadiah Bowke. No excuse submitted.
John H. Boyd, of New York.
Mr. MARTIN. Mr. Boyd is confined to his
room with a lame foot. I move that he be ex-
cused.
The motion was agreed to.
Albert G. Brown.
Mr. NABERS. Mr. Brown went to the De-
partment to transact some important business.
For that reason he is detained from the House,
and I move that he be excused.
He was excused—ayes 75, noes not counted,
Mr. CLEVELAND. I renew the motion I
made some time ago, that all further proceedings
under the call be suspended.
The question was put and the motion was
' agreed to—ayes 79, noes 50. So further proceed-
ings under the call were suspended, and the doors
were reopened.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BRENTON. Is it in order, during the
pendency of the call for the previous question, to
move to lay the bill and amendments upon the
table, and that it be printed?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move to lay
upon flie table, but not to print. Does the gentle-
man submit that motion?
Mr. BRENTON. I do not, unless I can also
make the motion to print.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be made except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. STANLY. I object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, upon the call
for the previous question, demanded tellers, which
were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall and John-
son of Tennessee, were appointed.
Mr. SACIvETT. I desire to know what the
question now is.
The SPEAKER. It is upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question; which, if second-
ed,^ next question will be upon ordering the
main question to be put, which will be upon the
adoption of the amendments of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was put,and theie was a second—
ayes 8G, noes 68.
The question recurred, Shall the main question
be now put ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
lay the bill and amendments upon the table; and
upon that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. FITCH. Is it in order, at this time, to
move that the vote by which the main question
was ordered to be put, be reconsidered?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
it is in order, and supersedes the motion to lay up-
on the table.
Mr. FITCH. Is it a motion upon which the
yeas and nays can be called?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is.
Mr. FITCH. I then submit the motion, and
upon it call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the Chair decide that mo-
tion to be in order ? Does not the motion to lay
upon the table lake precedence?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. They
are both privileged questions.
Mr. BROOKS. Have we not just decided that
the main question shall be now put; and has there ;
been any intervening business? j
The SPEAKER. It is true that there has been
no intervening business. j
Mr. BROOKS. Well, we have decided that j
the main question shall now be put. !
The SPEAKER. That, in the opinion of the ;
Chair, does not alter the case. When the House '
decides against a bill, frequently, almost immedi-
ately a motion is made that the vote by which the
bill was rejected be reconsidered.
Mr. FO\VLER. Is it in order, Mr. Speaker, ;
to move to lay that motion upon the table? If so,
I submit that motion. ,
Mr. SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. OLDS, upon that motion, demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abereiouibie, Willis Allen, Allison,
W. Appleton, Thos. H. Dayh. Bennett, Bibiglmu?, Bowie,
John H. Bovd, 13ronton, Briggs, Brooks, George H. Brown,
Bu io\vs,E" Camngton Cabell. Chandler, Chapman, Cleve- j
land, Clingman,Cobb, CotUuan, Vullom, George T. Davis,
Doekery, Dunham, Evans. Florence, Fowler, Henry M.
Fuller. Goodenow, Grey, Hammond, Harper, Haven,"Hib-
bard, Horstbrd, Houston. Howard, Thomas M. Howe, An-
drew Johnson, James Johnson, George W. Jones, George
G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Mace, Mann, Martin,
McCorkle, Meacham, Meade, Miller, Miner, Molony, Hen-
ry D. Moore, John Mooie, Morehead, Nabers, Newton,
Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Penni-
man, Perkins, Polk, Potter, Bobbins, Snckett, Schermer-
horn, Schooleiaft, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Origen S.
Seymour. Skelton. Smart, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Tltaddeus Stevens,
ftp cork/!.)(*«<.1 t>  ml —   _ ^ „ m ■
Williams—09.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, John Appleton, Averett, Bab-
cock, Beale, Bocock, Bragg, Breckinridge, Albert G.
Brusvn, Bueli, Bu^by, Joseph Cable, Lew.s JX Campbell,
thnmn^an fn <1 iy* rvkir.1l pa l i*i ni„ i #1 _
Freeman, Thorns J. D Fuller, Gamble, Gavlord, Giimore,
Gorman, IshainG. Harris, Hart, Hendricks, Henn, Hillyer,
Holladav, Thomas Y. How, ] ngersoll, [ves, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, J. Gl.uicy Jones,
Predion King, Letcher, Loekhart, Edward C. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall. .Mason, McDonald, MeLanahan, Mc-
Queen, Millsnn, Murray, Olds, Orr, Peaslee, Robinson,
Ross, Savage, Smith, Stuart, Sweetser, Geo. W. Thomp-
son, Wildnek, and Woodward—71.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
bill and amendments on the table; upon which the
yeas and nays were or.iered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 76, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, John Appleton,
Averett, Babcock, Deale, Bi-seli, Flocock, Breckinridge,
Bienton, Bnell, Bu^hy, Joseph Cabell, Lewis T) Campbell,
Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Churclnvell, Clark, Cobb,
Curt'.*, Daniel, John G. Davis Dawson, Dimmick, Doty,
Edgerton, Fieklin, Fitch, Floyd, Freeman, Thomas J. 1).
Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmorc, Gorman, Hall, Isham
G. Harris Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Holiaday,
Thomas Y. iiow, fiijser?.oll, Andrew Johnson, James John-
son, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Preston King, Letcper, Lockhart. Mann,
Edward C. Marshall, Humphrey MaishalJ, McDonald,Me-
Lanahan, McQueen, Millson, Olds, Orr, Andrew Parker,
Peasloe, Penn, Polk, Powell, Ro«s, Savage, Smith, Sweet-
ser, Geo. W. Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Wildrick, and
Woodward—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercromhie, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Thomas H. Bayly, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bowie, John
H. Boyd. Biags, Briggs, Brooks Albert G. Brown, George
II. Biown, Burrows, E. Carnngton Cabell, Chandlei,
Chapman. Cleveland, Clingman,Cottman, Cuilom, Geoige
T. Daus, Doekery, Dunham, Eastman, Evans, Ewing,
Florence, Fowiei, Henry M. Fuller, Gentry, Goodenow,
Grey, Hammond, Harper, Hart, Haven, Horsford, Hous-
ton."Howaid, Thomas M. Howe, Huntei, Ives, Robeit W.
Johnson, George G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Martin,
MeCorkle, Meacham,Meade, Miller,Miner, Molony, H. D.
Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Murray, Nabeis, New-
ton, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parkei, Pennisnan, Perkins, Por-
ter. Riddle, Robbins, Sackett, Schennerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Scuddei, Scurry, David L Seymour, Origen S. Seymour,
Skelton, Snow. Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Strother, Stuait, Sutheiland,
Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, 7'uck, Walbridge, Walsh,
Ward, Wa^hlmrn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addison
White, Alexander White, and Williams—S7.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question then recurred upon agreeing to the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are a great
many amendments. Let the Clerk read them, and
if there is any gentleman who desires a separate
vote upon any amendment he can ask for it.
The first amendment was then read.
To insert after the clause appropriating $600 for
the repairs of the President's House, the follow-
ing:
"And a contract for the completion of the work, with
good security, be tendered and accepted at thatsum."
Mr. STUART. I desire that amendment again
reported, so that the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Seymour,] who offered it in committee, may
obtain the unanimous consent of the House to
make a mere verbal correction in it.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House, that the amendment may be
so amended as to read, " at a sum not exceeding
that amount."'
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the amendment is agreed to.
Mr. HAYEN. 1 wish to inquire if the vote is
not to be taken upon the amendments upon which
a separate vote is to be taken, at the time when it
is demanded, and not at the end of the reading of
the amendments?
The SPEAKER. The amendments to which
