000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
there, arfr no objections, are usually adopted in ,
mass; and then the vote is taken upon the other ,
amendments on which separate votes nave been j
asked i
Mr." HAVEN. If this -is the practice, I wish ;
to make no objection. * , j
The amendments of the committee," viz: iNos. 1, \
2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 12, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, and 19, upon j
which a separate vote had not been called, were J
then concurred in. '
Jtfr. BRENTON called for a separate vote on j
the third amendment. It was read, as follows: i
"For payment to the Seneca Indians, per capita, of New j
York, for moneys wrongfully withholden from them by an I
agent appointed by the Government for the management of 1
their affturs, as per report of Thomas B. Stoddard, commis- i
sioner, selected by the decretaly of War to make the re- |
quisfte investigation, pursuant to thediiection contained m >
the fourth section of the act of 27th Jane, 1846, making ap-
propriations lor the Indian department, $28,505 50- Pio- !
vided, That the Secretary ofthe Intenoi is hereby required, ;
upon payment of the money herein specified, to take such
farther steps, if any may be necessary, as shall enable the
United States to recover the amount due from *>aid agent." j
The question was taken, and the amendment |
^as agreed to. |
Mr. HEBARD called for a separate vote on the j
eighth amendment. It was read, as follows:
To strike out $ 12,000 in the clause below, and
insert in lieu thereof $32,000.
" For this sum to cover arrearages for afid on account of
contingencies of the Indian depaitment, ,f 12,000."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
• Mr. HIBBARD. I intended to call for the '
yeasand nays upon the third amendment providing
for the payment of money due to the Seneca In-
dians, but my attention was inadvertently taken <
away, and I ask consent to call for the yeas and ;
nays upon that amendment. ;
Mr. SACKETT objected.
Mr. HIBBARD. i move to reconsider the vote
by which the third amendment was adopted. !
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I move to lay '
the motion to reconsider upon the table. :
Mr. DOTY. I want to know how the gentle- 1
man from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] voted ;
upon this question. i
Mr. HIBBARD. There was no division. j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will ask the j
Chair if the motion to reconsider should be laid I
upon the table, whether it will carry the whole j
bill? It has been so asserted. i
The SPEAKER. Not at oil. The effect will |
simply be to prevent a reconsideration of the vote |
upon that particular amendment, and will leave j
the amendment as adopted and as forming « part'
of the bill. '
Mr. HIBBARD demanded the yeas and nays. ;
Mr. PENNIMAN demanded tellers upon the
yeas and nays; which were ordered, and Messrs. |
Davis, of Indiana, and Fowler appointed.
The tellers made a count, mid reported—ayes :24;
which not being one fifth, rile yeas and nays were ■
not ordered.
The question was then taken upon laying the
motion to reconsider upon the table, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, called for a sepa-
rate vote on the ninth amendment, viz: To make
the clause "for office rent, fuel, stationery, &c., ;
for the Superintendent of Indian Affairs m Or- :
egon, $1,000," read as fullows:
"For clerk-hire, fuel, stationery. See., tor the Superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs in Oregon, ,y2,400."
Mr. J. called for a separate vote on the tenth
and eleventh amend menu, to insert in the bill the :
following:
" For expenses of containing negotiation-* with the In- ,
dian tribes of Oregon, lying west of the Cascade moun-
tains, $15,000."
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ment—
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, And it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 48; as fol-
lows:
YEAS— Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Allison,
William Appleton, Thomas H. Bavly, Beale, Bibighauf.,
Bissell, Bowie, John H. Boyd, Brags, Breckinridge, Bren-
ton, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, George H. Brown,
Burrows, Busby, E. Carrincton Cabell. Joseph Cable, Lpwh
D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell. Chandler, Chapman,
Conger, Cottman, Oullom, Daniel, Geoige T. Davis, John
G. Davis, Dimmick, Dockerv, Evans, Swing, Fiekhn,
FltcK, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Gajlord, Gihuoie, Good'
euovr, Grey, Hall, Hammond, Harper, Haven, Hendricks, ,
Henn, Iiillyer, Holladay, Horsford, Howard, Thomas M. ,
Howe, Hunter, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnston, George ,
G. King, Preston King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Lock-
hart, Mace, Mann, Martin, Meade, Miller, Miner, Molo- \
ny, Henry D. Moore, Murray, Newton, Andrew Parker, ;
Samuel W. Parker, Perm, Penmmau, Perkins, Powell, i
Riddle, Robinson, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Scudder, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Smith,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stroth-
er, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, Benj. Thomp-
son, George W. Thompson, Tuck, Venable, Waibndge,
Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addi-
son White, Alexander White, Williams, Woodward, and
Yates—112. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Averett, Chtirchwell, Clark,
Cleveland, Chngman, Cobb, Curtis, Dawson, Doty, Dun-
ham, Eastman, Edinundson, Fowler, Freeman, Gamble,
I sham G. Hani , Rait, Ilibbard, Houston, Thomas Y. How,
[n<*er5oll, Ives, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, George
W. Jones, J. Glanev Jones, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall,
McLanahan, McQueen, Meacham, Millson, John Moure,
Morehead, Nabera, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Peaslee, Polk, Rob-
bins, Ross, Scurry, Skelton, Benjamin Stanton, Wallace,
and Wildnck—48.
The question was then put on agreeing to the
eleventh amendment, which is as follows:
u For the completion of the buildings for the use of the
supeiintendent and the Indian agents in Oregon, $3,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then reported the last amendment, on
which a separate vote had been asked. It is as
follows:
"Jind he it further enacted, That no part of the appropri-
ation herein made for the benefit of any tribe, or part of a
tribe of Indians, shall be paid to any attorney or agent of
such tribe, or part ol a tribe; but it shall, in every case, be
paid directly to the Indians themselves, to whom it shall
be due, or to the tribe, or part of a tribe, per capita^ unless
the imperious interests of the Indians shall require the pay-
ment to be made collectively; nor shall the Executive branch
ot the Government hereafter lecognize any contract between
any tribe, or part of a tribe, and any attorney or agent for
the prosecution of any claim against the Government, under
this act."
Mr. WARD demanded the yeas and nays, but
they were not ordered; and the question being
put, the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and, being engrossed, it was read a
third time.
Mr. BROOKS moved to reconsider the vote on
the engrossment, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
The question now being, Shall the bill pass?—
Mr. SWEETSER demanded the yeasand nays;
which were ordered.
And the question being put, it was decided in
j the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 76; as follows:
| YEAS—-Messrs. Abeicrombie, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Thomas II. Bayly, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bowie, John
! H. Boyd, Biagg, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Georjre
i U. Brown, Buirows, E. Carrjngton Cabell, Chandler,
| Chapman, Oliugnian, Conger, Cottman, Culloin, George T.
i Davis, Docki'iv, Dunham, Eastman, Evans, Kwins, Flor-
' encc, Fowler. Henry M. Fuller, Gentry, Goodenow, Grey,
! llarpeu Haven, Hoisford, Houston, Howard, Thomas M.
! llowc. Ilunter. lvo, Robert VV. John-on, George G. King,
i Kuhns-. Kurt-, Landry, Mann, Martin, McCorkle. Meaeh-
I am, Meade, Milieu Miner, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John
i Moore, Morehead, Muriay, Newton. Outlaw, Samuel VV.
! Paikei. Penn, Penmmau, Pei kins, Porter, Riddle, Bobbins,
j Sacketl, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Scuddei, Scurry.
' David L. Seymour, Origin S. Seymour, Skelton, Stanly,
I Fmtenek P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stc-
j ven^, Strother, Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor, Benj. Thomp-
! son, Tuck, W.il bridge, WaMi, Ward, Wash bum, Watkms,
I Welch, Wells, Addison White, Alexander White, and :
| Williams—y:>.
1 NAYS—Mt'i-sr*. Aiken. Willis Allen, A<he, Averett,
: Babeock, Beale, Bissell, Boeoek, Breckinridge, Brenton, ,
' Buell, Jos. Cable, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Church-
! well, Clark, Cleveland, Cobb, Curtis,Daniel. John G. Da-
: vit-., Daw son, Dimmick, Doty, Edgerton,Edmundson, Fick-
, hu, Fifh, Floyd, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, '
■ G<i}U>rd, Gihnore, Hall. Ishaiu G. Harris, Halt, ifendricks,
; Henn, Ilibbatd. Billyor, Holladay, Thomas Y. How, An-
I drew Johnson, James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George
, W. Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Preston King, Letcher, Mace,
' Edward C. Mart-hall, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McDon-
! aid, McLanahan, McQueen, Millson, Nabers, Old*, Orr,
, Andrew Paiker, Peaslee, Polk, Powell, Robinson, Ross,
: Smart, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Sweetser. George W.
; Thompson, Ycnyblc, Wallace. Wildrick, and Woodward—
> TG.
So the bill passed.
■ .Mr. BUSBY, who was without the bar of the ,
House when his name was called upon this vote,
asked the unanimous consent of the House to
have his name recorded.
Mr. BROOKS objected.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
j by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo- 1
! tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter :
; motion was agreed to. ;
The Clerk then reported the title of the bill, viz:
"An act to supply deficiencies in the appiopnation^ ior
the service of the fiscal year ending the 30tu Ju^o, ldo2.}'
Mr. BRENTON moved to amend the title, by
adding thereto the following:
And making additional appropriations for other purposes.
Mr. B. said: Mr. Chairman, my object in of-
fering that amendment is to make the title of the
bill conform to the bill itself. I have examined
the bill, and I have listened attentively to the dis-
cussion which has taken place upon it, since it has
been under consideration here, and 1 find that it
contains many appropriations of money which do
not properly belong to the deficiency bill.
The title as it now stands, reads thus:
" To supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 185*2."
So far as that title covers what is strictly for
deficiencies, I have no objection whatever to it. I
would willingly vote for any bill which was
strictly a deficiency bill, and I would also vote for
any bill which should contain provisions for ori-
ginal appropriations of a different character. But
as this bill embraces items not only for deficiencies,
but also for additional appropriations, I have cast
my vote against it, and I have done so on that
ground alone. I hope the title will be made to
conform to the bill, and I can see no objection to
the amendment which I have offered. I do not
desire to detain the House, and I now move the
previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I ask the
gentleman to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question, that I may move to add to his
amendment these words: " And subjecting Con-
gress to the dictation of the Executive.'1
Mr. BRENTON. I cannot withdraw it.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered tohenow'put; and
being put, the amendment was disagreed to on a
division—ayes 55, noes 69.
The original title was then adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the title was agreed to,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. HART, the House then ad-
journed until Monday.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mu THOMAS M. HOWE: The remonstrance of
Abraham Patterson and 2SS other citizens of Pennsylvania,
against a renewal of the Wood worth patent.
By Mr. CLAllK : The memorial of William Drips and
47 others, citizens of the county of Clayton, and State of
Iowa, praying for the suspension of mail service on the Sab-
bath day.
By Mr. CURTIS : The petition ofthe citizen* of Potter
county, Pennsylvania, praying for a mail route ftom Cow-
dersport to L'lvsses, in said county.
By Mr. 1 V£S: The petition of 251 inhabitants of Xcw-
buiypoit and vicinity, Massachusetts, prajing tor a modifi-
cation of the law granting boumy on fi«h«ng ve«p|<?.
Also,aremonstrance against giantmg Thoma- Bhip.chard
any special act, making his patent for a self-directing ma-
chine more valuable.
By Mr. EASTMAN: The memorial of citizens of the
United States, members oi the Western Farm and Village
Association, asking Congress to grant one hundred and sixty
acres of land to each of the memorialist5*, on condition of
actual settlement and improvement.
By Mr. INGRRSOLL : The petition of numerous citi-
zens of Middlesex county, Connecticut, owners oi vessel*,
and others, interested in the navigation of Long uland
Sound, praying for a breakwater at We&t'Brookj m satd
: State.
I By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition and me-
i morial in favor of light-houses and for removing obstinc-
tions near the mouth of the Pascagoula river, m Missis-
: sippi.
| By Mr. KUHNS : The petition of Jodeph Scraggs and
i other citizens of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to pass a
! law releasing from official duties on the Lord's day the
agents and officers ofthe Government, especially with ref-
! erence to the mail service.
Also, the petition and documents of Conrad Movvry,
; prajing to be allowed a pension for services in the late wat
| with Great Britain.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana : Resolution* of the Gen-
! eral Assembly of Louisiana—
1st. Relative to a donation of land to the "Pine Grove
Academy," in the parish of Caldwell.
2d. Relative to a tri-weekly mail route fiom Harrison-
burg, by way of the scat of justice of Winn parish, to Natch-
itoches.
3d. Relative to establishing a four-horse mail-coach
route from the mouth of Red river, via Marksville and Alex-
andria, to Natchitoches.
By Mr. FULLER, of Maine: The petition of Ebenezer
F. Haskell and Amos Howard, of Deer Isle, owners of
schooner Reward, praying Congress for allowance of fish-
ing bounties, said schooner being lost at sea.
By Mr. GILMORE: The petition of Thomas Houston
and 180 others, citizens of Armstrong county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for a modification in the tariff laws of 1846.
