1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nm
have incorporated in the bill, by the adoption of
that amendment, is a vicious principle; its whole
tendency is to confine the circulation of papers
published in one State to that State, and to that
State only. Its whole tendency will be sectional; to
make the people of one State Itnow only the pol-
itics of that State, and the politics of no other
State; and to prejudice the people of one State
against taking papers published in another State.
For instance, the people of the States of New York
and Pennsylvania can have the benefit of the pa-
pers published in the cities of New York and
Philadelphia; but the moment those papers pass
into New Jersey or Delaware the postage is en-
hanced, because they #e carried half a mile across
the Hudson river into New Jersey, and fifteen or
twenty miles to the Connecticut line on the other
side. And in the same way, papers published in
Cincinnati cannot be taken into the State of Ken-
tucky without an enhancement of the postage.
The States are considered separate nations by this
bill, having no right to take the papers published
in each other.
The motion I propose to submit now is to re-
commit this bill to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, with instructions " to re-
port a bill not raising the rates of postage on news-
papers under one thousand miles, or limiting the
weight of newspapers or periodicals beyond the
existing law."
I remarked the other day ihat this bill did, in
fact, increase the rates of postage on newspapers
under one thousand miles. I think I demonstra-
ted that, and it is not necessary to^epeat the argu-
ment. I therefore propose to instruct the commit-
tee to report a bill not raising the rates ef postage
on newspapers under a thousand miles. The
maximum weight of newspapers under the present
law is three ounces. This bill makes it two
ounces.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I rise to a question
of order. Was not the previous question ordered
on this bill ? ,
The SPEAKER. Not upon its passage.
Mr. JONES. Has the bill been engrossed?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES. Then no amendment is in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York proposes to recommit the bill with certain
instructions.
Mr. JONES. The committee cannot amend the
bill now.
Mr. BROOKS. We can commit the bill with
"instructions. I was remarking, when I was inter-
rupted, that under the existing law the maximum
weight of newspapers is three ounces. This bill
proposes to make the maximum two ounces. The
second branch of the instructions, therefore, directs
the committee to report a bill not limiting the weight
of newspapers and periodicals beyond the existing
law. I now ask for the previous question on my
motion, upon which I shall call for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. Upon that proposition the
pievious question has been demanded.
Mr. OLDS.' I merely rise to ask the question
whether the rule allowing an hour's speech after
the previous question has been ordered, would
allow me to reply to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] as I reported the bill? I
have not yet occupied that hour. I will say to
the House, however, that I do not want five min-
utes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man has a right to address the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit the ques-
tion to the Chair, whether the instructions are in
order or not? The bill is certainly not amendable
"here, and the gentleman from New York cannot
move to recommit this bill with instructions to
report another bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not propose to do that. I
have the right, under the one hundred and forty-
sixth rule, to move its recommitment, whether it
can be amended or not. I moved to recommit
with instructions.
Mr. JONES. The bill is engrossed, and cannot
be amended.
The SPEAKER* The one hundred and twen-
tieth rule is this:
" After commitment and report thereof to tlie House, at
any time befoie its passage, a bill may be recommitted."
Mr. JONES. Exactly; but not with instruc-
tions to amend.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that would !
follow as a matter of course, as one of the objects i
for which a bill is to be recommitted. \
Mr. JONES. We cannot amend it here, and j
certainly we cannot give instructions to a com- I
mittee to do what we cannot do. It seems to me j
that the only mode to attain that object now, is to 1
reconsider. |
The SPEAKER. There is a general power-to I
instruct committees, and the gentleman will not, j
I suppose, deny that the committee itself may
amend after it is recommitted. There is, then,-a I
general power, the Chair again remarks to the !
House, to instruct its committees, and the Chair is |
therefore inclined to think the instructions are in :
order. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. Such has been the uniform |
practice of the House. I
The previous question then received a second, j
and the mam question was ordered to be put. i
Mr. OLDS. I desire only to occupy a few ;
moments of the time of the House, in reply to the !
suggestions of the gentleman from New York, j
[Mr. Brooks.] I am satisfied that this opposition I
upon the part of the city press is becoming almost '
factious towards this bill. I believe the opposition
to be entirely confined to that interest. Now, sir,
what are the facts ? This bill does not raise the
postage upon papers that circulate within the
county—it entitles them to go free; and it goes
beyond the old law, because it provides that they
may go to a post office out of the county, pro-
vided the subscriber lives in the county, which is
not the case with the existing postage law.
Thus far, then, this bill does not increase the
postage. Then, this bill does not increase the
postage within the State where the paper or peri-
odical is published, because the provision intro-
duced by the gentleman fromMaine, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] which was assented to by the House,
allows them to circulate within the State at the
minimum rate fixed in the bill, which is a very
low one indeed, being only half a cent upon a
paper weighing two ounces. Now, sir, what is
really the provisions of this«bill of which the gen-
tleman complains ? It is not true, as the gentle-
man says, that it increases the rate of postage upon
all distances up to a thousand miles. It does not
increase the postage for distances between five
hundred and fifteen hundred miles. It does, per-
haps, increase the rate in some degree under five
hundred miles.
But, sir, ought this increase to be a subject of
complaint? Is it a hardship for a gentleman who
takes the New York Express double sheet, living
in New Orleans, that he shall be compelled to pay
one cent postage for the transmission of that pa-
per through the mail of the United States? Is
that a great hardship, sir?—such a one as the city
press ought to complain of? And yet that is pre-
cisely the rate of postage fixed in this bill. The
double sheet New York Express, New York Her-
ald, and New York Tribune, can go from the city
of New York to Galveston, Texas, for one cent
postage. And if that is a hardship, I do not
know what there is they cannot complain of as a
hardship.
But we are compelled to look a little to the rev-
enues of the ofSce. I should be wiihog to reduce
the rates of postage not only upon letters, but j
upoai papers, still lower than they are now, if such i
could be done with due regard to the interests of |
the country and the revenues of the Post Office
Department. But so long as you permit your I
franking privilege to exist, you cannot reduce the j
postage upon letters and upon newspapers as low I
as it really ought to be. The amount of circula- ;
tion of free papers, and of exchange papers, is
enormous; and I will venture the assertion, that I
of all the newspapers delivered from the post office j
in the city of New York, not one half pay any ;
postage at all. Yes, sir, I am prepared to say j
that more than one half are delivered at that office i
without the payment of any postage. It will still j
be so under this law. ;
Mr. BROOKS, (interrupting.) I would ask :
the gentleman if, under this law, it would not cost;
a cent to send a newspaper from Cincinnati to i
Covington, just across the river, in Kentucky ? j
Mr. OLDS. It is so under the old law. It is
impossible to fix upon any rule that will do equal
and exact justice to all men. Under any general
rule you may lay down there must be cases of
peculiar hardship! You have to fix a line some-
where. You had to fix it.under the old law, and
you must fix it und'er the new.
I was about to remark, that I would be glad to
reduce the postage upon newspapers still lower.
I do not wish to cripple the press, or decrease the
dissemination of intelligence throughout tlie coun-
try; but in order to reduce the postage either upftn
letters or printed matter, you must consent to dd
away with your franking privilege. Are gentle;
men prepared'to do this ? • For one,"sir, I am will-
ing to come up to the mark. -
In Great Britain, a member of Parliament, the
Ctueen of Great Britain herself, or the Postmas-
ter General of England, cannot frank a letter.
This is a privilege that has grown up in this coun-
try, fastened on the post office system of the coun-
try, and unless you dispense with-it, you are
obliged to raise the postage upon letters and papers
received by the people of the country. It is a
necessary consequence of the franking privilege,
enjoyed by memuers of Congress and others.
No w, 1 am willing to have as low a system of post-
age as possibly can be established consistent with
a proper regard to the revenues of the Post Office
Department. This bill will increase the revenues',
and it will work no hardships at all to the circu-
lation of newspapers, and the dissemination of
knowledge through the country. It is not such
a tax as will be burdensome to the people. I will
ask you, sir, suppose you reduce the rates of
postage still lower, in accordance .with the pro-
visions of the motion submitted by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] to recommit with
instructions, what will be the consequence ? Why,
sir, you will have to increase the fax upon the
people of the country to raise a higher revenue to
defray the expenses of the Post Office Depart*
ment. You have already found that you have to
appropriate a million and a half of dollars, and
perhaps two millions of dollars, to sustain the
Post Office Department, and in that, sir, you do
not take into consideration your ocean mail ser-
vice. The appropriation you make to E. KjrfCol-
lins is not a charge upon the Post Office Depart-
ment. The Aspinwall line and the Bremen and
Havre lines are not a charge upon that Depart-
ment. Leaving the whole of the ocean mail ser-
vice out of the calculation, and yet you have to
appropriate more than a million ajtd a half of dol-
lars to support your present postal facilities; and
yet the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
to sustain the interest of the city press, asks for
a greater reduction of the postageupon city papers.
Let me not be misunderstood, Mr. Speaker, • I
have no hostile feeling against the city press. I
wish them well, and trust they may double tlieir
country circulation annually. But my position as
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, compels me to look to the interest of
the whole country. I should be derelict in duty
"did I not look to the revenues of the Post Office
Department, and, as far as in my power, avert
the imposition of increased taxes upon the people.
Believing, as I honestly do, that the bill, in the .
shape ill which you now have it, will meet the
wants and the approbation of the country, I trust
that the motion to recommit will not prevail, and
that the bill will be suffered to pass in the form
in which it now is without further delay.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon my motion.
Mr. HART demanded tellers upon the yeas
and nays; which were ordered; and Messrs. Iiart
and Savage were appointed. _
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 36, noes'92. 5
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to recommit the bill with instructions, and it was
disagreed to—yeas 33, nays 133, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abereromtne. John II. Boyd, Briggs,
Brooks, George II. Brown, Ourtter, Chandler, Clingmaii,
George T. Davis, Evans, Gidclings, Hait, Haws, lienn,
Horslord, Jotlii WT. 11"we, Jenkm^ James Johnson, Ddnwl
T. Jones, Mann, Martin, MeCork'e, Henry D. Moore, John
Mooie, Newton, Sackett, David 1.. Seymour, SkMlton,
Stanly, Abraham P. Stephens, Sutherland, Wallace, ana
Walsh—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Aliison, Averett, Babeoek, Da-
vid J. Bailey, Barrere, Beale, Hell, Bibighaus, Bissell,
Bragg, Brenton, Bueli, Burrows, Burt, Busby, Joseph
Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell,
Caskie, Chapman, Chastain, Cobb, Daniel, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Dnnmick, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Duncan,
Dunham, Durkee, Edgerton, Edmundson, Ewmg, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Fowler, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Gaylord, Gentry, Gilmore, Goodenow, Goiman,
