1766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
Green, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Hammond, Harper, I sham
G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Hib-
bard, Holladay, Houston, Hnward, Thomas M. How$,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, John
Johnson, Robert VV. Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Preston King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Letcher, Lockhart,
Mace, Edward C. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Mason,
McLanahan, McQueen, Meade, Millson, Miner, Molony,
Mufphy, Murray, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Andrew Parker,
Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Perkins, Phelps,
Powell, Price, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Robie, Rohin-
son, Ross, Savage, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Scurry,
Origin S. Seymour, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, St. Martin, Stuart, Sweetser,
Taylor, Thurston, Townshend, Venabiei Walbridge, Ward1,
Watkins, Welch, Alexander White, Wilcox, Wildrick,
Williams, Woodward, and Yates>—133.
So the House refused to recommit the bill.' '
[Mr. BARRERE, from the Committtee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled "A
joint resolution for the relief of Elizabeth F. Thurs-
ton, of the Territory of Oregon-," which received
the signature of the Speaker.]
The question now being, Shall the bill pass.' it
was put and agreed to.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. OLDS moved a reconsideration of the vote
on the passage of the bill, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
SPRINGFIELD AND TERRE HAUTE RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 289, entitled
" A bill granting the right of way and a portion
of the public lands to the States of Indiana and Illi-
nois to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Springfield, Illinois, to Terre Haute, Indiana."
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis] is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, took the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will yield the floor, I will move that the consider-
ation of* this bill be postponed until to-morrow
morning. We cannot get through with it now
befor^the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. DAVIS. I will yield to the gentleman for
the purpose of submitting the motion he has sug-
Mr. JONES. I then submit the motion that
the further consideration of the bill be postponed^
until to-morrow.
The question w*as then taken, and it was agreed
to.
Mr. COBB. There are three or four other bills
in the precise situation of the one, the considera-
tion of which has just been postponed. They will
be also, I suppose, postponed until to-morrow. If
that is not the understanding, I will move to take
one of them up.
Mr. STUART. As there is only three minutes
remaining of the morning hour, I suggest that we,
by unanimous consent, proceed to the considera-
tion of business in the House. There will be then
no difficulty, as the bills to which the gentleman
alludes will come up in their proper place.
The SPEAKER. The consideration of these
bills having been postponed until to-day, if not
acted upon now, will be taken up in their order
some other day.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the defi-
ciency bill, which was reported from the Com-
mittee of the "Whole on the state of the Union
yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
expired yet by one minute.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. GORMAN. I wish to make a report from
the Committee on Printing.
TFhg SPEAKER. A report from the Com-,
mittee on Printing is not in order during the morn-
ing hour, which has not yet expired by three
quarters of a minute.
Mr. SACKETT. Has not the morning hour
now expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. GORMAN. I believe I have the floor
now.
The SPEAKER. The House on yesterday
ordered the main question to be "put on the defi-
ciency bill, and the Chair, if called upon to execute
the rules rigidly, must decide that that takes pre-
cedence over all other propositions.
_ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The main ques-
tion was not ordered on the deficiency bill. The
call for the previous question was seconded, and I
then moved that there be a call of the House. In
that condition the House adjourned.
Mr. GORMAN. If the main question was
not ordered, I am in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is now satisfied
that the main question was not ordered to be put;
but the Chair is not satisfied that the gentleman
has a right to make a report unless the House has
determined whether or no the main question shall
be ordered to be put.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I insist upon the
regular order of business. 4 .
[Cries of " Gluestion !" " Question!"]
The SPEAKER. A motion for the call of the
House, which motion the gentleman from Ten-
nessee states he submitted, is not in order after
the call for the previous question has been sec-
onded.
Mr. JONES. It is not in order after the main
question has been ordered to be put, but it is in
order after the call for the previous question has
been seconded.
The SPEAKER. A motion for the call of the
House is not in order after the call for the previ-
ous question has been,seconded, by express rule
of the House.
Mr. VENABLE demanded the yeas and nays
upon ordering the main question to be put; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken on ordering the
main question to be put, and it was agreed to—
yeas 117, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Abercrombie, Thomas II. Bayly, Bar-
rere, Bell, Bibighaus, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Bragg, Bren-
ton, Briggs, Brooks, George H. Brown, Burrows, Burt,
Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter,
Chandler, Chapman, Churchweil, Cljngman, Cobb, Con-
ger, Curtis, George T. Davis, Johti G. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Evans, Faulkner, Floience,
Fowler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gentry, Giddings,
Gilmore, Goodenow, Goodrich, Hammond, Harper, Hart,
Haws, Haven, Henn, Horsford, Houston, Howaid, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Hunter\
IngcrsolK Ives, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, J.
Glancy Jones, Kuhns, Kurtz, Lockhart, Mann, Edward 0.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Martin. Mason, Millson,
Miner, Henry D. Moore, John Mooie, Morrison, Murray,
Nabers, Outlaw, Samuel #W. Parker, Perkins, Phelps,
Price, Richaidson, Riddle, Robbins, Robie, Robinson, Rus-
sell, Sackctt, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Scudder, David
L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymoui, Skelton, Smart, Snow,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richaid
H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin,
Stuait, Sutherland, Taylor, Thurston, Walsh, Ward, Wat-
kins, Welch, Wells, Alexander White, Wilcox, "Wildrick,
Williams, Woodward, and Yates—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Averett, Babcock, Beale,
Bocock, Bnell, Thompson Campbell, Chastain, Darnel,
Edgerton, Edmundson, Ewing, Floyd, Freeman, Gorman,
Green, Grey, Giow, Hamilton, (sham G. Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillyei, HoJIaday, Jack-
son. Jcnkm", Andrew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George
W. Jones, Letcher, McLanahan, McQueen, Meade, Mo-
lony, Morehead, Murphy, Olds, Orr, Andiew Parker,
Peaslee, Powell, Ross,'Savage, Scurry, Smith, Thaddeus
Stevens, Sweetser, Townshend, Venable, Wallace, and
Woodward—-52.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HOUSTON. The motion submitted by
me on yesterday to recommit the bill, was made
with a view to keep the bill before the House. I
would now like the House to give me permission
to withdraw that motion, so that we may proceed
to vote upon the bill.
There was no objection, and the motion was
withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
Senate will be read through, in connection with
those of the Committee of the Whole. If it be
the pleasure of the House, the amendments to
which there is made no objection will be voted
; upon in a mass.
Mr. AVERETT. This is a very important
bill, and .as there are only onehundred and sixty
members present, for the purpose of getting a
fuller House, and as a motion for a call of the
House is not now in order, I move an adjourn-
ment; and upon which motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
^ The yeas and nays were refused; and the mo-
tion to adjourn was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read the
amendments of the Senate, and those proposed by
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union in connection.
The Clerk having read the amendments, the
following, to which there was no exception, (the
action upon which in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union having been heretofore
stated,) were concurred in without a division,
viz: Nos. 1, 3,4, 6, 8,9, 10, 12, 54,15, 16, 17,
18, 20, 21, 22, ,23, 24, 26, 27, and 29.
The House then proceeded to consider those
amendments upon which a separate vote had been
asked
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report those
amendments upon which a separate vote was
asked.
The second amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
Page 2, line 26a after the word i( dollars," in the clause
providing for the temporary clerks in the office ot the Third
Auditor, strike out the words:
" Provided, That no clerk shall receive more than at the
rate of $1,OOU per annum under jj^s act."
And insert the following in lieu thereof:
"Which sum shall_be distributed among the clerks ac-
cording to the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury :
Provided, That no salary from this fund shall exceed$i,200
per annum."
This amendment of the Senate was amended in
the committee, by inserting; after the word " ex-
c^d" the words*" $1,000 per annum, except two,
who shall receive $5,200.
The question now being upon concurring in the
amendment' of the Committee of the Whole to the
Senate amendment—
Mr. ABERCROMBIE demanded the yeas and
nays; but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the committee was concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
then agreed to.
The fifth amendment of the Senate, upon which
a separate vote fed been called for, was read, as
follows:
Page 5, line 95, after the clause appropriating $80,000
for running and marking the boundary line between the
United States and Mexico, according to the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo, insert the following:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so
construed as to sanction a departure flora the point on the
Rio Grande, north of the townvcalled Paso, designated in
the said treaty. "
The committee had amended this amendment,
by striking out the words (i from the point on the
Rio Grande north of the town called Paso, desig-
nated in the said treaty," and inserting, in lieu
thereof, the words " from the true line of the
treaty" so as to make it read:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained shall Ufe so con-
strued as to sanction a departure from the true line of the
treaty."
The question being upon concurring in the
amendment of thecommitteeto the Senate s amend-
ment, it was put, and upon a division, there were
—ayes 70, noes 76.
Mr. BROOKS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 73, n&ys 103; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, Barrere, Bell,
Bibighaus, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks,
George. II. Brown, Buell, Burrows, E. Carrmgton Cabell,
Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler,
Chapman, Conger, G. T. Davis, Dockery, Duncan, Evans,
Flos d, Fowler, Giddings, Goodenow, Goodrich, Giey, Har-
per, Haws, Haven, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas M .
Howe, Thomas Y.How, Hunter, Jenkins, James Johnson,
Preston King, Kuhns, Mann, Martin, Miner, Henry D.
Muore, Morehead, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Sajrmel W.
Parker, Perkins, Porter, Reed, Robie, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Scudder, Smart, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin
Stanlon, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Thurston, Towns-
hend, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins,
Welsh, Alexander White, and Williams—73,
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Averett, Babcock, David J. Bai-
ley, Thomas H. Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bragg, Burt, Busby,
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chastain, Church-
well, Clingman, Cobb, Curtis, Daniel, J. G. Davis, Daw-
son, Dean, Dunmick, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Edgerton,
Edmundson, Faulkner, Florence, Freeman, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Grow,
Hamilton, Hammond, fsham G. Harris, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Hart, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Holladay,
Houston, Howard, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Andiew John-
son, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,George W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Letcher, Lockhart, Edward C.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McCorkle, McLan-
ahan, Mcdueen, Meade, Molony, Morrison, Murphy, Mur-
ray, Nabers, Orr, Peaslee, Penn. Phelps, Powell, Price,
Rantoul, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Robinson, Ross,
Rmsell, Sackctt, Savage, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Ori-
gen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Fiederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Abiaham P. Stephens, Stone, Stuait,
Sweetser, Venable, Wallace, Wilcox, Wildrick, and
Woodward—103.
So the House refused to concur in the amend-
ment of the committee.
The amendment of the Senate was then agreed
to, on a division—ayes 91, noes not counted.
The seventh amendment of the Senate, upon
which a separate vote had been asked, was "then
read, as follows:
