LXXII
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
200 00
720 00
For life annuity to chiefs, stipulated in the sup-
plemental article to the treaty of the twenty-
sixth of October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two 
For permanent provision for the purchase of salt,
stipulated in the third article of thetieaty of the
seventh of June, eighteen hundred and three..
For permanent provision for blacksmith and as-
sistant, stipulated in the sixth article of the
treaty of the third of October, eighteen hundred
and eighteen - 
For iron, steel, &c., tor shop, stipulated in the
sixth article of the treaty of the third of Octo-
ber, eighteen hundied and eighteen....  200 00
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty dol-
lars at five per centum, being the value of thirty-
six sections of land, set apart by treaty of eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-nine, for education,
stipulated in le^olution of the Senate of the
nineteenth of January, eighteen hundred and
tlflrty-eight    2,304 00
Florida Indians, or Seminoles.
For thirtieth of thirty installments for blacksmiths"
establishments, stipulated ni the sixth aiticle of
the treaty of the eighteenth of September, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-three, and the fomth
article of the tuaty oftiie ninth of May, eighteen
hundred and thiity-two  1,000 00
For ninth of fifteen installments in goods, stipu-
lated m the sixth aiuele of the treaty of the
fourth of January, eighteen hundred and forty-
five  
For ninth of fifteen installment in money, stipu-
lated in the fourth article of the treaty of fourth
of January, eighteen hundred and forty-five... 3,000 00
lowas. "
For interest on one hundred and fifty seven thou-
sand five hundred doHais at five per centum,
stipulated in the sceond article of the tteaty of
the nineteenth of October, eighteen hundred
and tfnrty-eight 
2,000 00
7,875 00
Kickapoos.
For nineteenth of nineteen installments us an-
nuity, stipulated in the fourth article of the
treaty of the twenty-fourth of October, eighteen
hunched and thirty-two  5,000 (JO
Kansas.
Foi inmost on two hundred thousand dollars, at
iiw per centum, stipulated in the .second article
of ibe hcaly of the lourteenth of Januaiy, eigh-
teen bundled and forty-six  10,000 00
JUiamis.
For peimanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth •
rutu-H-oi tin: treat) of the twenty-third of (>c- !
t.ibei, eighteen hutuhed and twenty s \  25,000 00 j
For peiin/imnt piovision foi blaek-nutli and as- j
m-uu,stipulated in ibe lifth aiti-feofthe treaty j
of the -i\th ot October, eighteen hundied and I
eight' en  72U UO ;
Foi it'ii), j-teel, £u>., "tipulnrcd in the. fifth aitieie i
of the tteaty ot the mxUi of October, eighteen
hundied and eighteen  220 00
Foi permanent provision for the purchase of one
thou-aml pounds of tobae< o, two thousand
pounds of iion. and one thousand pounds of
steel, stipulated in the fourth article of the
uoatv of the twenty-third of October, eighteen
hunthedand twentv-six  770 00
Foi permanent prou-uon for pay of miller in lieu
oi' gutwmth, Mipulaterl m the tiftli article of the
ti'-nty of the sixth of October, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, and the filth aitieie of the treaty
of the twenty fourth of October, eighteen htin*
fired and thirty tour  fiOO 00
F"  peimanrnf pi< vj-ion for the puicha.-e of one
hundred and Mxty bushels of ^rtlf, stipulated in
the fifth aitieie oi the trentv of the «i\th of Oe
tober, eighteen tiundied and eighteen  320 00
For education and suppoit of poor during the
p!ea-ure of Congress, stipulated in the sixth
aruc!'< of the trealy of the twenty-thud of Oc-
tober, eighteen hundred and twenty six  2,000 00
For twelfth oftwentv installments in inonev, stip-
u'ated in the second article of the treaty of the
tweni)-eighth of November, eighteen hundred '
and fo.-ty * s  12,500,00
For permanent provision foi pavment m lieu of
laborej-, stipulated in the sixth article of the
tieaty ofthc twenty-eighth of November, eigh- \
teen hundred and forty  230 OH t
For permanent provision for (cultural as«M
at'ec. stipulated in the fi/ih article or thetieaty
of the sixth of October, eighteen hundred and :
eighteen  200 00 .
Eel Rivers, (JWiamis.}
For peimanent annuity, stii^ilated m the fourth
a-tielc ot the treaty of the thud of August, |
seventeen hundred and ninety five . 300 00
For permanent anrnnt), Mipni ned ui the third
aiticle of trie trea'y of the twenty first of Au-
gust, eighteen bundled and five  250 00
For pnrmaeent annuity, stipulated m the third
aiticle oi the treaty ot the thutieth of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and nine  foO 00 '
For payment of annuities to said Miami nation. [Indefiute.]
Menomoncs.
For seventeen of iwi-ntv installments as annuity,
-tipulated in the second aiticleof the treaty !
of the thud of September eighteen hundred '
and r:;itty six  30,000 00 ;
Fo- enfrenth of twei.u metalline Ms for two
b!ark-iriths and ns-Mnnts, stipulated in the
second article of the treaty of the third of Sep-
tember eighteen hundred and thirty six  1,440 00 ji
500 00 !
3,000 oo
5,000 00
For seventeenth of twenty instalments, for iron,
steel, &c., for shops, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the third of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty six  440 00
For seventeenth of twenty installments, for the
purchase of provisions, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the third of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty six  3,000 00
For seventeenth of twenty installments, for the
purchase of two thousand pounds of tobacco, ;
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of !
the third of September, eighteen hundred and i
thirty six  400 00 j
For seventeenth of twenty installments, for :
farming utensils and cattle, stipulated in the !
second article of the treaty of the third of Sep- ;
tember, eighteen hundred and thirty-six  500 00 r
For seventeenth of twenty installments, for thirty j
barrels of salt, stipulated in the second article j
of the treaty of the third ol September, eigh- [
teen hundred and thirty-six  150 00 [
For expenses of their temporary removal and
provisions, from their present location, to the i
district of country on the Wolf and Oconto j
rivers designated in the report of Superintend- !
ent Murray to the Commissioner of Indian |
Affairs, dated September thirtieth, eighteen j
hundred and fifty-one  25,000 00 !
Omahas. i
For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleasure :
of the President, stioulated m the fourth article I
of the treaty of the fifteenth of July, eighteen j
hundred and tlinty  720 00 i
For iron, steel, &e., for fdiops duiing the picas- j
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth j
article of the treaty of the fifteenth of July, |
eighteen hundred and thirty  220 00 j
For agricultural implements, during the pleasure I
of the President, stipulated in the fourth article !
of the treaty of the fifteenth of July, eighteen
hundred and thuty 
To defray the expense* of a certain party of
Omaha Indians who visited the city of Wash-
ington duung the months of February and
March, eighteen hundred and fifty two, the
same, or so much thereof as maybe necessary,
to be expended under tho direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior 
For the Omaha Indians  2
Ottoes and Missov.rias.
For education, dining the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, stipulated m the fourth article ot the
treaty of the twenty first of September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty three  500 Oft
For pay of farmer, during the pleasure of the
President, stipulated in the fifth article of the
treaty of the twenty first of September, eigh-
teenliundied and thirty three  GOO 00
Foi blacksmith and a«si-tant. during the pleasure
of the Pi evident, stipulated in the fourth arti-
cle of the treaty of the fifteenth of July, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty .*  720 00 1
For non, steel. &c., duiing the pleasure of the
President, stipulated in the fourth article of
the treaty of the fifteenth of July, eighteen I
hundred and thirty  220 00 i
Ottowas, ^
Foi peimanent annuity stipulated in the fourth
article of the tieaty of the third of August, sev-
enteen hundred and ninety-five  1,000 00 !
For permanent annuity, stipulated m the second |
article of the treaty of the seventeenth of No- j
vember, eighteen hundred and «>even  P00 00
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth !
article of the treaty of the seventeenth of Sep-
! tember, eighteen hundred and eighteen   1,500 00 1
I For peimanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth 1
j article of the tieaty of the twenty ninth of i
j August, eighteen hundied and twenty one.... 1,000 00 !
| Ollowas and Chipptwas.
! For eighteenth of twenty installments, stipulated
j in the fouith article of the treaty of the twen- ]
ty-eighth day of March, eighteen hundred and !
| thirty-six   30,000 00
| For interest to be paid as annuity on two hun-
j dred thousand dollars, at six percent, per an-
; niim, stipulated in the resolution of the Senate
1 of the twenty-seventh of May, eighteen hun- ]
i dred and thirty mx  12,000 00 ,
i For education for twenty years, and during the
pleasure of Congress, stipulated m the fourth
l article of the treaty of the twenty-eighth of
March, eighteen hundied and thirty-six  5,000 00
1 For missions tor twenty years, and during the
plea-use of Congiess, stipulated in the fourth
1 article of the treaty of the twenty eighth of
March, eighteen hundred and thirty six  3,000 CO
For vaccine mattei, medicine*, and pay of phy-
sicians, so long as the Indians remain on their
resei vations, stipulated m the fomth article of
the treaty of the twenty eighth of March, eigh
teen hundred and thirty-six  300 no
For eighteenth of t'venty installments, for the
purchase of provisions, stipulated in the fourth
aiticle of the treaty of the twenty-eighth of
March, eighteen bundled and thirty six".  2,000 00
For eighteenth of twenty installments, for the
puichase of six thousand five hundred pound*
of Tobieeo, stipulated in the fourth article of
the tieaty ofthc twenty e.ghth ot March, eigh- !
teen Hundred and thirty-six  800 00
For eighteenth of twenty installments, for the
purchase of one hundred bariels of salt, stipu-
lated in the fourth article of the treatv of the
twenty eighth of March, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six       200 00
For eighteenth of twenty installment?, for the
purchase of five hundred fish barrels, stipu-
lated m the fourth article of the treaty of the
twenty eighth of March, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six  400 00
For three blacksmiths and assistant^ for twenty
years, and 'during the pleasure of Congress,
stipulated in the seventh article of the treaty
of the twenty-eighth of March, eighteen hun-
dred and thnty six  2,160 00
For iron, steel. &c., for shops, for twenty yeais,
and during the pleasure of Congress, stipulated
m the seventh article of the treaty of the
twenty eighth of March, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six  660 00
For.gunsmith, at Mackinac, for twenty years, and
during the pleasuic of Congress, stipulated m
the seventh article ofthc tieaty of the twenty-
eighth of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-
six    600 00
For iron, steel, Stc , for shop, for twenty years,
and during the pleasure of Congress, stipulated
m the seventh article of the treaty of the
twenty-eighth of March, eighteen hundied and
thirty-six  220 00
For two farmeis and assistant, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the seventh
article of the treaty of the twenty-eighth of
Muich, eighteen hundred and thirty-six  1,600 00
For two mechanics, during the pleasuie of the
President, stipulated in the seventh article of
the treaty ol the twenty-eighth of March, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-six ^  1,200 00
Osages.
For fifteenth of twenty installments as annuity,
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of
the eleventh of Janua1 v, eighteen hundred and
thirty-nine   20,000 00
For fifteenth of twenty installments for two
smiths' establishments, stipulated in the sec-
ond article of the treaty of the eleventh of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and thirty-nine  0,000 00
For fifteenth of fiity installments for pay of two
millers, stipulated in the second article of the
treaty of the eleventh of January, eighteen
hundred and thirty-tunc  1,200 00
For interest on sixiy nine thousand one hundred
and twenty dollais. at five per centum, being
the valuation of fifty-four sections of land, set
apart by the tieaty of the second of June, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-five, for educational
purposes, per resolution of the Senate of the
j nineteenth of January, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eight  3,456 00
Ptankeshaivs.
Foi perihnnent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of tiie tieofy of the thud of August, sev-
enteen hundred and ninety-five  500 00
For permanent annuity, stipulated m the third
article of the treaty of the thirtieth of Decem-
ber. eighteen hundred and five.     300 00
Pavmees.
For agricultuial implements dmmg the pleasure
of the President, stipulated m the fourth article
■ of the treaty of the ninth of October, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three   1,000 00
Poltawatomies of Huron.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in th'e second
aiticle of the treaty of the seventeenth of No-
vember, eighteen hundred and seven  400 00
Pottaicatomies.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article ofthc tieaty ofthc thud of August, sev-
enteen hundred and ninety-five  1,000 00
For permanent annuity,stipulated in the thud ar-
ticle of the treaty of the thirtieth of September,
eighteen hundred and nine    500 00
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the second of October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen  2,500 00
For permanent annuity, stipulated m the second
article of the treaty of the twentieth of Septem-
ber eighteen hundred and twenty eight  2,000 00
For life annuity to chiefs, stipulated m the second
article of the treaty of twentieth of September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight   100 00
For permanent annuity, ^tipuiated in the second
raticleof the featyof the twenty-ninth of July,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine  IS.000 00
For twentieth of twenty installments as annuity,
stipulated inthe liiud* aiticle of the treaty ofthe
twentieth of October, eighteen hundred and
timty-two   35,000 00
For life annuity to chief;!, stipulated m the third
article of the «jcnt\ of the twentieth of October,
eighteen hundred and tmrty-txvo  400 00
For twentieth of twenty installments as annuity,
stipulated in the third' article of the treaty of the
twenty-sixth of October, eighteen hundied and
flinty-two  29,000 00
For eighteenth of twenty installments as annuity,
stipulated m the thud aiticle of the treaty of
the twenty.-ixth of September, eighteen hun-
dred and thiify-fhiee  14,000 00
For life annuity to cluei•>•, stipulated in the llmd
article ofthe tieah of the twenty-sixth of Sep-
tember, eightsen bundled and tint ty-tinee.... 700 <:0
For eighteenth of twenty instalments a* annuity,
stipulated in 'herecoud supplemental article of
the tieaty of the twenty sixth of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three  2,000 00
For peimanent provision for the purchase of salt,
stipu'ated in the thud aiticle of iliu treaty of
the seventh of June, eighteen hundred and
three   140 00
