002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
The PRESIDENT. He is not in order.
Mr SEWARD. I submit, sir.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire, whether the
objection to the reception of the petition arises
from the Chair, or from the motion of any Sena-
tor? I simply want to have the point understood.
The PRESIDENT, It comes from the Sena-
tor who made the motion to lay upon the table.
The Chair stated to the Senate, as he has stated
over and over again^ that when a paper is pre-
sented it cannot be received, except by the consent
of the body.- When the Chair is aware that ob-
jections are made to its reception, it becomes his
duty to put the question, t9 Shall the paper be re-
ceived That is the parliamentary rule.
Mr. HALE. I only inquired for information,
to let the Journals be right.
The PRESIDENT. It is moved to lay the
question of reception on the table; and upon that
motion .the Senator asks the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 36, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Diodhcad, Brooke, Cass, Clarke, Clem-
ens, Daws6n-, Dodge ot" I own, Douglas, Downs. Felch,
Fisll. Geyer, Gvvm, Hamlin, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Jones
of Tennessee, King, Mallory, Mangnm, Mason, Miller.
Norris, fthetr. itii: !;, Sebastian, Shields, Spiuanee, Under-
wood. and Walker—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Dodge of Wisconsin, Foot, Hale, Se-
ward, Suinner, and Wade—6.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I hold in my hand a petition
which prays, for certain reasons therein stated, for
the repeal of an act of Congress commonly called
the fugitive slave law. It assigns vaiious reasons
why it should be repealed; and, amongst others,
that it offers a bribe to the judge, by giving him
twice as much for deciding: a man to be a slave as
deciding him to he a freeman.
Mr. MANGUM. What is the amount?
Mr. HALE. Ten dollars for convicting and
five dollars for acquitting. In presenting these pe-
titions, I do not know whether it is obnoxious to
the objections stated by the Chair, or whether the
Chair will be compelled to put the question to the
Senate whether or not it shall be received. I do
not know,whether it is liable to that objection or
infirmity; but I wish to call the attention of the
Senate, before they pass upon it, to one feet,
which occurred here some two or three years ago.
I do not know that it is so long back as two years.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler,] not now in his seat, gave notice to the
Senate then that he would never again object to
the reception of one of these petitions. The rea-
sons for that announcement 1 do not remember that
he gave. But the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,] now ill his seat, at the same
time said that he would never interfere with the
disposition of any of these petitions that might be
presented by such as I. And I believe, in accord-
ance with these declarations of those Senators,
who were supposed to be qualified to look after the
interests of the institutions of those who are under-
taken to be protected by this bill, those gentlemen
have never interfered since. That is all I have to
say.
The PRESIDENT. Doesthe Senator propose
to make any disposition of the petition ?
Mr. HALE. Let it be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MAJtfGUM. I only have a remark to
make. I feel an interest in the character of all my
countrymen. I think this petition ought not to be
received, on the ground that it contains what I re-
gard as an outrageous slander and libel upon the
judges at the North. A man to be bribed for five
dollars! I live in a country where they take jus-
tices of the peace from all sorts of people; and
though I have been in professional life for many
years, I never yet heard of a man being bribed for
five dollars. These gentlemen are selected in the
Northern States, as learned m the law; and to talk
of their being bribed for five dollars, seems to me
to be a slander, and a calumny, and a libel, with
which I hope the Senate will not consent to soil
their table. I move that the question of reception
lie on the table. I make the motion, simply for
the reason that it is a libel and a slander upon a
class of my countrymen: and 1 feel an interest in
the character of all of them. I sec that my friend
from "Virginia wishes the floor, and I withdraw
nay motion for the present.
Mir. MASON. I shall not say a word in reply
to anything on this subject, which comes from
that quarter. But the Senator who introduced this
petition spoke of a declaration made on this floor
some time since by an honorable Senator not now
in his seat, who is not here to reply to it; and, as
I understood him,-he said that at the same time I
expressed my concurrence in the declaration of
that Senator. I do not remember the occurrence.
I think, probably, however, that the Senator is
correct in his recollection. I do know, having in
view what had been done by this Senate on the
subject of this institution some two or three years
ago, that I was prepared then to declare,as 1 have
just now declared, when the first of these petitions
was presented by the Senator from New York,
that 1 would not again, as at present advised, in-
terfere with any disposition of them that those
who present them may ask the Senate to make. If
a question is put, I shall give my vote; but I shall
not be active in interfering with any disposition
which Senators who offer them, may ask the Sen-
ate to make of them. There are many reasons that
guide me in this; amongst others, that—which will
not guide the Senator who ofter'ed this petition—
I have no disposition to be instrumental-in any
way, directly or indirectly, in agitating again the
question of slavery in this Congress.
Mr. MANGUM. I will vary my motion some-
what, at the suggestion of a friend. I understand
that petitions of this character have heretofore
been received. I will not, therefore, raise the
cjuestion of reception, though 1 think the petition
is a very outrageous libel; and I feel indignant at
any such imputation upon gentlemen learned m the
law in our Northern States. I vary the motion so
as to allow the petition to be received, and then to
lay it upon the table.
Mr. HALE. I merely wish to make a single
remark.
Mr. MANGUM. I withdraw the motion for
the present.
Mr. HALE. I do not understand the Senator
from Virginia to undertake to say that I have not
stated the facts in relation to what took place here
two or three years ago, as they occurred. He
thinks I am right. I think J am right. And, to
be certain that I was right, I looked over to the
seat of the Senator from South Carolina, and not
seeing him upon the floor, I went and put the
question to the Senator from Virginia, and, as I
understood him, he concurred in the statement
which { made, as far as his own recollection was
concerned.
Mr. MASON. 1 stated this: that I had no rec-
ollection of the occurrence, but that, knowing what
my opinions were then, and what my opinions are
now, I thought it highly probable that the Senator
was correct in his lecollection.
Mr. HALE. I am satisfied.
Mr. MANGUM. I renew the motion to lay
the petition on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered. That tlie petition of Jamo^ Hamilton, on the
files of the Senate^ be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That leav<? he granted to withdiavv the petition
of Jonathan N. Sewall.
SAMUEL T. WASHINGTON.
Mr. BORLAND. During the last Congress, I
presented the memorial of a number of citizens of
Arkansas and members of the State Legislature,
in behalf of Samuel T. Washington, formerly of
Virginia, a relative of General Washington, ask-
ing that an allowance might be made to him in his
old age and poverty, and m consideration of the
presents made by him to the United States some
years ago—in the year 1843—which were deemed
of great interest, and, as relics, of great value—
the sword of Washington, and the cane of Frank-
lin. The memorial was referred to a committee
of the Senate,and an adverse report made upon it.
No more was done in the case. I have recently
received an application from this gentleman, ask-
ing that his claim may be again brought before
Congress. Under the rules, I know that when a
memorial has been unfavorably reported upon it
cannot be taken from the files and referred again
to a committee.
The PRESIDENT. Was the report acted
upon ?
Mr. BORLAND. Yes, sir; the adverse report
was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. Then the memorial can-
not be taken from the files.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 presume it will be compe-
tent, with unanimous consent, to take it from the
files and refer it again. The case is certainly one
of interest in many respects, whether the claim be
founded upon any just grounds of compensation
or not, owing to the name of the individual, his
relationship with the Father of his Country, and
his connection with the very interesting ceremony
which took place in the presenting of the sword
and cane to the Congress of the United States. I
hope the Senate will agree that the memorial be
takea from the files and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claifns, m order that it may be
acted upon. This individual is now old, and is
very poor. He is known, I presume, to Senators
on this floor, especially to the Senators from Vir-
ginia. I remember that, in 1843, a good deal of
interest was connected with his name and the cere-
mony which took place in the other House of Con-
gress, in the presentation of the sword and cane.
I hope permission will be granted to withdraw the
memorial and refer it to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
The PRESIDENT. The rule is positive that,
when a.i adverse report is made and concurred in,
the subject cannot again be referred, unless addi-
tional papers are presented to show that the report
was not a proper one. The Senator asks the
unanimous consent of the Senate to have these
papers again referred. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr HALE. That he cannot have, sir.
So leave to withdraw the papers and refer them
again was not given.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Catharine Crosby, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for the relief of the representatives
of Thomas Anderson, deceased; which was read,
and ordered to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GEYER,from theCommittee on Pensions,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of John Mcintosh,
reported it back without amendment.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the following bills from the
House of Representatives, reported them back
without amendment:
An act for the relief of Francis Tribon; and
An act for the relief of Ichabod Weymouth.
THE SCHOONER AMISTAD.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the resolution
directing the Committee on Foreign Relations to
inquire into the propriety of providing by law for
theclaim arising out of the schooner " Amistad,"
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill, to in-
demnify the master and owners of the Spanish
schooner " Amistad" and her cargo.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASON. This is a subject in which the
Governmentof Spain takes a deep interest. It has
been before this Government since 1839. The bill
has been passed once or twice, 1 think, by the
Senate, but has never passed the House of Rep-
resentatives; and I would submit to the Senate
that there are circumstances connected with our
recent relations with Spain that would make it
peculiarly appropriate for Congress to take it up
and consider it at a very early day. I move that
it be made the special order for Tuesday, the 6th
of April.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I cannot consent to that
motion. I hope the gentleman will mention a
more distant day, for there are many measures of
more importance which should be considered by
the Senate, and in which the people of the West
are particularly interested—such as the Cumber-
land Dam and the Louisville Canal bill. I hope
that, if we are to have a special day assigned for
the consideration of this bill, it will be deferred to
a later period than that mentioned by the Senator;
and, in the mean time, let us attend to the import-
ant measures which have already Been pending for
years, and which are of importance to the whole
country.
