1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1767
Insert after Une one hundred and eight,
'■ For compensation of the Surveyor General of Arkansas,
per act of August 8, 1846, .$2,000.
" For clerks m the office of the Surveyor General of Ar-
kansas, per act of August8, 1846, ,$8,300."
The question being upon agreeing with the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, in
non-concurring with the .Senate in this amend-
ment—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will ask in
what position that amendment is ?
The SPEA KER. The Committee of the Whole
upon the part of the House propose to strike that
amendment out.
Mr. JOHNSON. would ask permission of
the House to make a five minutes explanation in
regard to this amendment.
Leave being unanimously granted,
Mr. JOHNSON resumed. I was absent from
the city when this amendment was considered m
Committee of the Whole. Thus the Senate
amendment providing for the payment o£ a defi-
ciency of salary due to the officers of the surveyor
general's land office of Arkansas was stricken out.
It is money which will have to be paid some time
or other. The service wag performed, and the
chairman of the Ways and Means himself, I believe
will say that this money will have to be paid some
time or other, and the reason why this provision
was stricken out was because the surveyor gen-
eral's office of Arkansas ought to have been dis-
continued heretofore.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a single remark ? Tjhere is no doubt
about the service; but the question presented
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union was, that the service was rendered in
violation of the action of the last Congress in re-
fusing or declining to put in this appropriation.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the statement of the
gentleman in regard to it. Then I will ask the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means,
if he does acknowledge this fact, that at some time
or other the money must be paid!
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no doubt that this
money will be paid. I have told gentlemen so
here repeatedly. I think the gentleman will agree
with me, that the service has been rendered in vio-
lation of the law by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs. But he is doing right in endeavoring to
get the appropriation for his own State. I believe
it will be paid some time or other. I have no ob-
jection to its being paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is a general law in
existence which discontinues the surveyor's office
at a certain point. It was recommended at the
close of Mr. Polk's administration that the office
should be closed, but the next Administration that
came in after Mr. Polk's, when theirattention was
called strictly to the condition of that office and
the public surveys, recommended that it should be
continued, and the House of Representatives
expressly passed a law making an appropriation
to continue it. This has been the law. The
Thirty-first Congress made that recommendation,
and this office has been continued ever since. The
officers discharged the duties which were imposed
upon them, and there is now an account due them
for services rendered which my friend from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] acknowledges will be paid
some time or other. The Senate provided for it
by inserting an amendment which ought never to
have been stricken out. It never would have been
stricken out if the matter ha4 been properly ex-
plained; but I was absent from the city, and there
was no one else here to explain it. That is the way
the matter stands. I ask that the House will re-
fuse to concur in the amendment of the Commit-
tee of the Whole to the Senate amendment, and
  that they will agree to pay the money tine tor ser-
vices rendered in the Surveyor General's office. I
will not detain the House any longer.
The question was then put, and the House re-
fused to concur with the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union m striking out the Sen-
ate amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was then agreed
to.
The eleventh amendment of the Senate (upon
which a separate vote was asked) was read,
proposing to strike out " $1,000," and insert
" $1,200,'" in the proviso of the following clause;
"For compensation of extra clerks employpd in the
office of the Commissioner of Pensions, $20,001): Provi-
ded, That no clerk shall receive more than at the rate of
#1,000 per annum under this act."
This amendment was amended by the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union by
striking out the proviso of the Senate and insert-
ing the following in lieu thereof:
" Provided, That no clerk shall receive more than at the
rate of $1,000 per annum under this act, except two, whose
annua) salary shall not exceed ^1,900."
The question being upon concurring in the
amendment of the committee to the Senate's
amendment, it was taken by tellers (Messrs. Ful-
ler, of Maine, and Chandler acting as such)
and decided m the affirmative—ayes 73, noes 55.
The amendment of the Senate as amended was
then agreed to.
The thirteenth amendment of the Senate to the
clause providing for the payment of interest on
the awards to the Chactaw claimants, upon which
a separate vote had been demanded, was read, as
follows:
" Provided, That after the 30th day of June, 1853, all
payments of interest on said awards shall cease, and that
the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, directed
to pay said claimants the amount of principal awarded in
each case respectively, and that the amount necessary for
this purpose be, and the same is hereby, appropriated:
Provided further, That the final payment and satisfaction
of said awards Bhati be first ratified and approved as a final
release of all claims of such partips, under the fourteenth
article of said treaty, by the proper national authority of
the Choctaws, m such torm as shall be prescribed by'the
Secretary of the Interior."
This amendment had teen amended by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, by inserting after the word "appropri-
ated" the words "not exceeding $872,000."
The question was taken upon the amendment
of the committee, and it was agreed to, and then
the amendment of the Senate as amended was
concurred in.
The first clause of the nineteenth amendment,
which had been stricken out by the committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, was read, as
follows:
" For contingent expenses of the Senate, $137,775."
The question being on agreeing to this clause—
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
The question was then put upon agreeing to
the amendment of the Senate, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The second clause of the nineteenth amend-
ment, upon which a separate vote had been de-
manded, was read, as follows:
« To enable the Secretary of the Senate to pay for the
copies of the report of Doctor David Dale Owen, United
States geologist, on the geology of Iowa and Wisconsin
and Minnesota Territory, heretofore ordered to be executed
for the use of the Senate, under the special direction o( the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, thnty-one thou-
sand two hundred and eighteen dollars and seventy-five
cents: Provided, That no more than fifty cents a copy
shall be paid for the binding of the book."
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The third clause of the nineteenth amendment,
upon which a separate vote had been demanded,
was read, as follows:
" To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay lor three thousand five hundred copies of the report of
Doctor David Dale Owen, on the geolosy of Iowa and Wis-
consin and Minnesota Territory, ordeied by a lesolunon of
the Houseot Representatives, to be executed under the spe-
cial direction of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, §16,187 SO: Provided, That no more than fifty cents
a copy shall be paid lor the binding ofthe book."
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it .was agreed to.
The twenty-fifth amendment, upon which a sep-
arate vote had been demanded, was read, as fol-
lows:
" For addititional compensation for increasing the trans-
noitaiion ofthe United States mail between New York and
Liveipooi, m the Collins line of steamers, to twenty-six
tons per annum, at such times as shall be directed by the
Postmaster General, and in conformity to his lastannual
repoit to Congress, and bis lettsr ot the 15th 'if Nd^Pcmb&r
loit to the Secretary of the. Navy, commeiiona said in-
closed service on tlie iirstof Januarj, at the rate of.
110(1 a trip, m lieu of the present allowance, the sum of
'5-236.500: Provided, That it shall be in the power of Oon-
sre«= at anv time after the 31st day of Dei-ember, 1834, to
terminate the arrangement for the additional allowance
herein provided for, upon giving six months' notice.
The question being upon agreeing to this amend-
ment of the Senate,
Mr.SWEETSERdemanded theyeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 87. '
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Thomas H*. Bayly, Bell, Biblg-
hans, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Boggs, Brooks, George H.
Brown, Burrows, E. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Cltngtnafc, •
Conger, Curtis, George T. Davis, Dean, Doty, Duncan,
Evans, Florence, Fowler, Thomas J. D. Fatler, Gamble,
Gilmore, Goodenow, Goodrich, Hammond, Harper,. Hart^
Haws, Haven, Henu, Horsford, Howard,Thomas ftLffowe, !
Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, J.GlancyJones,KuhnSj Kurtz,-
Mann, Edward C. Marshall, Martin, McCorkle, Meade,
I Miner, Heray D. Moore; Morehead, Morrison, Murray,
; Penn, Perkins, Porter, Price, Rfintoui, Reed, Riddle, Robie,
' Robinson, Russell* Saekett, Scheraierhom, Schoolcraft,
j Scudder, David L. Seymour, Snow, Staaly, Frederick P.
I Stanton, Richard R. Stanton, Abr'm P. Stephens, Stone,
| St. Martin, brother,Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor,Tfturston,
| VValbridge, Walsh', Ward, Washburn, Welch, Alexander
| White, and Yates---89.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrtfmbie, Allison, Averett, Bab-
cock, David J. Bailey, Beale, Bocock, Bragg, Brenton,
Buell, Burt, Bu^by, Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell,
Caskie, Chastain, ChurchweU, Cobb, Daniel, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dunham, Durkee, Edgerton, Ed-
mundsen, Ewirijr, Faulkner, Floyd. Freeman, Gentry, Gor-
man, Green, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillyer, Holla-
day, Houston, John W. Howe, Hunter, Ives, Jackson,
Jenkins, A. Johnson, James Johnson, R. W. Johnson,
Daniel T. J</nes, *?eorge W. Jones, Preston King, Letcher,
Mason, McLanahan, McQ,ueen,Millson,Molony, Murphy,
Nabers, Olds, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee,
Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Ross, Savage, Scurry,
Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Smith, Benjamin Stan-
ton, Tftaddeus Stevens, Sweetser, Townsliend, Venable,
Wallace, Watkins, Wildrick, Williams, and woodward
—87.
Pending the call of the roll,—
Mr. DIMMICK stated that he had paired off
with his colleague [Mr. Fuller] on this particular
question, or that he should have voted in the nega-
tive.
Mr. MACE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Bennett, and that he also was opposed to
the measure.
Mr. MAK-SHALL, of Kentucky, said that'he
had paired off with Mr. Stephens7, of Georgia.
Mr. WILCOX stated that -he had paired off
with Mr. Landry.
Mr. ORR said that he had paired off with Mr.
Polk, and was against the amendment.
Mr. EASTMAN said that he had paired off
with Mr. Meacham, and that he was opposed to
the amendment.
Mr. BARRERE said that lie had paired off
with Mr. Bowie, and that he was opposed to the
amendment.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Is it m order to move
to lay the bill upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. CABLE. Then I make that motion, and
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. CARTTER. I withdraw my motion^to
reconsider.
Mr. SWEETSER. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn. * -
The yeas and nays were ordered upon Mr
Cable's motion.
Mr. HART. F wish to inquire what would be
the effect of this motion ? ^ Will it lay all the
amendments upon the table?
The SPEAKER. The bill with all the amend-
ments. .
The question was then taken, and it was decid-
ed in the negative—yeas 73, nays 104, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercromhie, Averett, David J. Bailey,
Bealo, Bocock. Bragg, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Buell,
Busby, Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chas-
tam, ChurchweU, Cobb, Dawson, Dimmtck, Durkee, East-
man, Edgerton, Edmundson, Floyd, Freeman, Gaylord,'
Gorman, fcieeu, Grow. Hamilton, Wham G. Harris, Samp-
son W. Harris, Henaricks, Hibbard, Hillyer, Holladay,
John W. Howe, Thomas Y, How, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones, Preston Krnar. Letcher, Mason, MeLanahan, Mc-
Qnecn, Millson, Molony, Murphy, Nabers, Olds, Orr,
Andrew Parker, Peaslee, Powell, Richardson, Ross, Rus-
sell. Savage, Scuny, Origen S. Seymour, Skelfon, Smith,
Benjamin Stanton, Sweetser, Townsliend, Venable, Wal-
lace, Wilcox, Wildrick, and Woodward—73.
NAYS—Messr«. Aiken. Allison, Thomas H. Bayly, Bar-
ren1, Bell, Ribighaus, Bowne, J. H. Rovd, Brisks, Brooks,
George H. Brown. Burrows, Burt, E. Carrington Cabell,
Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chap-
man. CUngman, Conger, Curtis, George T. Davis, John G.
Davis, Dean, Doekery, Dotv, Duncan, Dunham, Evans,
Ewine, Florence, Fowler, Thomas J. t . Fuller, Gamble,
Gentry, Gilmore, Goodenow, Goodrich, Grey, Hammond,
