1788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Harper, Hart, Haws, Haven, Henri, Horsford, Houston,
Howard,Thos. M. Howe, Hunter, Ingersoli, Jackson, Robt.
W. Johnson, J. Glancy Jones, Kuhns, Kurtz, Lockhart,
Mann, Edward C. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Martin,
MeCorkle, Meade, Miller, Miner, Henry D. Moore, More-
head, Morrison, Murray, Samuel W. Parker, Penn,
. Perkins, Porter, Price, Rantoul, Reed, Riddle, Robie,
Robinson, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Scud-
der, David L. Seymour, Smart, Snow, Stanly, Frederick
P. Stanton, Abraham P.-Stephens, Stone, Stuart, Suther-
land, Taylor, Thurston, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Wash-
burn, Walking, Welch, Alexander White, Williams, and
Yates—1Q4.
So the House refused to lay Ihe bill upon the
table.
. Pending the call of the roll—
Mr. ORR said: 1 shall vote aye. I have ori-
ginally voted against this bill, and I have agreed to
pair off with Mr. Polk upon the C&llins amend-
ment, but, nevertheless, 1 f§el at liberty now to
vote to lay the bill upon the table.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
second clause of the twenty-fifth amendment, as
follows:
" For defraying the expenses of the supreme, circuit, and
district courts of the United States, including the District
of Colombia; also for jurors and witnesses, in aid of
the funds arising from fines, penalties, and forfeitures in-
curred in the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, and previous years, and likewise for
defraying the expenses of suits in which the United States
are concerned, and ot prosecutions for offenses committed
against the United States, and for the apprehension and
safe-keeping of prisoners, in addition to former appropria-
tions, ninety thousand dollars: Provided, Tliatno officer of
the United States, who is in attendance upon any couit of
the United States, m the discharge of the duties of said
office, shall receive any pay or compensation for his attend-
ance as a witness on behalf of the Government, at the
same time that he receives compensation as such officer."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were not ordered.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was agreed to.
The third clause of the twenty-fifth amendment
of the Senate was then agreed to, viz:
" To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay to the
clerks employed in the Census Office on extra duty, at the
rate of:$100 for full service, according to the office roll, the
sum of §10,500."
The fifth clause of the twenty-fifth amendment
of the Senate, upon which a separate vote was
asked, was read as follows:
" For the reconstruction or repairs of the steamer Bibb,
used in the survey of the Nantucket shoals, $18,000."
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment,
Mr. HUNTER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The sixth clause of the twenty-fifth amendment,
for establishing ft depot of coal for naval purposes
at Key West, in the State of Florida, $20,000,
was then agreed to.
The seventh clause of the twenty-fifth amend-
ment of the Senate, for the purchase of a site on
which to erect a custom-house in Bangor, Maine,
J1.500, was read.
The question being on its adoption—
Mr. HUNTIJR demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The eighth clause of the twenty-fifth amend-
ment, for the purchase of a site on which to erect
a custom-house at Bath, Maine, pi,000, was
then agreed to.
The ninth clause of the twenty-fifth amendment
of the Senate was read, as follows:
" For the completion of the custom-house at Mobile, Al-
abama, $100,000."
This amendment of the Senate.had been amend-
ed by the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union by the addition of the following
clauses:
" Foi the completion of the custom-house at Louisville,
Kentucky, the additional sum of .$43,700.
" For the completion of the custom-liouse at Cincinnati,
$.">0,000. '
■' For the completion of a custom-house and othei public
offices connected therewith, at Pittsbur", $35 000
" For the completion of the fire-proof buiidin" in the city
of St. Louis, Missouri, for a custom-house and" independ-
ent treasury building, and other offices of the United States
$37,000. • '
" For the completion of a custom-house at Norfolk Vir-
ginia, $50,000." '
The question being on concurring with the com-
mittee in its amendments to the Senate amend-
ment—
Mr. HUNTER asked for the yeas and nays
but they were not ordered.
The amendments were then severally concurred
in.
The question then being upon agreeing to the
Senate amendment as amended—
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania, demanded tell-
ers.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MOORE called for tellers; which were or
dered; and Messrs. Stanton, of Tennessee, and
CampbeA., of Illinois, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 98; noes not counted.
So the amendment- of the Senate as amended
was agreed to.
The twenty-eighth and thirtieth amendments,
upon which separate votes had been asked, were
then agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is the question now
before the House?
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the Sen-
ate have all been disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then what is the question
now?
The SPEAKER. There is no question before
the House.
BOOKS FOR NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the
unanimous consent of thjp House to offer the res-
olution which I send to the Chair.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, That the -Clerk of this House be, and he is
heieby, directed to purchase and furnish to each new mem-
ber ol the House who has not heretofore received them, the
same books that were puichascd for and furnished to the
new members of the last Congress; ami that, as far as pos-
sible, he purchase them of the original publishers: Pro-
vided, That this resolution shall not authorize the repiint-
ing of any such books.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
THE INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to offer a resolution
to close debate upon bill No. 43, making appro-
priation for the service of the Indian Department,
and for the fulfillment of Indian treaties. I shall
propose to close the debate at twelve o'clock to-
morrow, so that, if the House sees fit, there can lie
a session this evening, to enable those gentlemen
who desire to speak to do so. I shall call for the
previous question; but if the gentleman from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Johnson] desires to offer an amend-
ment, I will give way to enable him to do so, and
then I shall call for the previous question.
COLLINS LINE—MOTION TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. WHITE, of Alabama. I rise to a privi-
leged question. 1 move to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment of the Senate to the defi-
ciency bill, in relation to the Collins line, was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from Al-
abama vote with the majority?
Mr. WHITE. I did', sir.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. AVERETT. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. OLDS. On that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
[Ciies of " Oh, no!" and " Let us adjourn !"]
Mr. OLDS. 'VVell, I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask a question of
the Chair. If we get into this contest about the
Collins line, of course the balance of the day is
gone. Is.it not in order to pass over this motion
to reconsider until to-morrow, unless it is pressed
now, and have a vote upon my resolution, so that
we can devote this evening to speech-making?
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
the unanimous consent of the House.
Several Members objected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Averett 's
motion, and it was agreed to; and the House ad-
journed until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. RIDDLE: The petition of Henry C. Carter, of
Kent county, State of Delaware, praying Congress to grant
him relief, in consequence of imposition by an agent unon
the General Land Office.
By Mr. JONES, of Tennessee: The petition of William
Moore and others, for mail routes from Pulaski, via Fay-
etteville, Tullahoma, and McMinnville, fo Sparta.
Also, the petition of Abner S. Boone and others,for mail
routes between the same points.
By Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania: A memorial of the
Agricultural Society ot Philadelphia, m favor of an Agri-
cultural Bureau.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 14, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial of tie
Mayor and Common Council of the city of Alton,
Illinois, praying that the ci|f of Alton may be
made a port of entry; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce. . *
Mr. BORLAND presented the petition-of the
Green Mountain Rifle Corps,praying that the Sec-
letary of War may be authorized to,furnish the
corps with arms and accoutrements; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the joint resolution
to provide additional security for the lives and
property of persons navigating the Western
waters, reported it back with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred resolutions of the Legislature of
Wisconsin, and the memorial of citizens of St.
Lawrence county, New York, in relation to a ship-
canal round the Falls of St. Mary, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to w.hich
was referred the memorial of Sarah and Luciqda
Turner, praying an appropriation to test Trip-
let's invention for preventing the explosion of
steam-boilers, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof; which was agreed
to.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which were referred a resolution of
the Senate directing the Judiciary Committee to
inquire into the expediency of making it penal for
any officer of the Army, or other person appointed
by the President, having a salary by law for his
compensation, to contract, directly or indirectly,
for supplies for Government; and also, a commu-
nication from the Secretary of War relating to
the same subject, reported a bill amendatory of
the act " concerning public contracts," approved
April 21, 1848; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Susan C. Randall,
praying compensation for extra duties performed
by her late husband, Archibald Randall, in the
circuit court of the United States, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which were referred the petition of
Frederick Parsons, praying a grant of bounty
land; and the petition of John Spencer, late re-
ceiver of public moneys at Fort Wayne, Indiana,
praying indemnity for losses on account of a suit
against him by the Government, submitted ad-
verse reports thereon; which were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred a joint resolu-
tion for the purchase of the half-breed tract on
Lake Pepin, in Minnesota Territory, reported it
back without amendment.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to which, was referred the memorial of George
Stealey, praj^ng compensation for his services and
expenses while on a mission to the Indian tribes
in California, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which was read and passed to
the second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN OREGON.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives, entitled " An act authorizing the
'President of the United States to designate the
'places for the ports of entry and delivery for the
'collection districts of Puget's Sound and Umpqua,
'in the Territory of Oregon, and to fix the com-
