904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
f For boiler shop.   32,000
I For engine house, pattern shop, &c  '.24,01)0
J For carpenters' shop  30,000
| For store-house  40,000
I For machinery and tools, and freight of
same    9G,000
! For wharf  50,000
fotal   • .$406,000
<to the construction of this establishment, which,
■in the State that the Senator so well represents,
would now be Exceedingly expensive. I am ready
to tdmit, that what is tiecessary to be done ought
to be done. I am willing to commence with the
establishment of a navy-yard, if we proceed in the
regular and authorized way, and when 1 know
what I am doing, and when J can feel satisfied that
we can limit them properly, precisely, and accu- |j
^Tlaefirst provision in relation to the commission li Now, Mr. President, these buildings are neces-
I believe to be a proper one. Another commis- li sary to commence that establishment. I am will-
«ion I hold (o be necessary. The report of the ll ing to vote the necessary appropriations for them,
first was not sufficiently full; we do not know I; although it is perhaps fair to ourselves, fair to the
whether there is sufficient water in the site selected ij Department, and fair to California herself, to state
to use this dock. I think, as modified by the Sen- I i that these estimates are somewhat conjectural, in
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,] the i| relation to the objects proposed in the second section
provision is a proper one for this floating dock. || of the bill, I would be willing to devote that sum.
But, sir, there is a provision in the second section
authorizing the President of the United States to
appoint and assign such officers, according to law
and usage, and make such arrangements as may
But it will be observed that this estimate does not
1 include them; and it would be very expensive for
us to attempt to establish a marine barracks and
hospital, " together with such works and arrange-
be necessary to- establish a navy-yard and depot ij merits for the defense ot the same as shall be
upon the most approved plan, on the site so ob- !j deemed necessary by the officers appointed to
tajne'cU for the construction equipment, andrepair locate this establishment, and approved by the
c pio.mine. ni-ifVi^ni* w;ir. ;tnH tn ! President of the United States.5 1 therefore
' of steam-ships and other vessels of war, and to
cause the necessary materials and supplies to be
procured and deposited there; the proper engineers,
artizans, and workmen to be employed, and the
proper buildings, machinery,and fixtures, includ-
ing a marine barracks, and an hospital for sick and
-disabled seamen and marines, to be constructed,
together with such works and arrangements for the
defense"*>f the same, its shall be deemed necessary
by the officers appointed to locate this establish-
ment, and approved by the President of the United
States.
Now, Mr. President, what estimates, and what
plan have we for the erection of these buildings?
President of the United States." I therefore
think that the Senator from Pennsylvania should
strike out from his substitute so much as provides
for this barracks, in order to confine the work to
the plan estimated for by the Department.
Mr. President, so much in relation to the sec-
ond section. The third section proposes to estab-
lish a basin and railway in the event that it should
be ascertained, to the satisfaction of the Secretary
of the Navy, that the basin and railways now
constructed at Philadelphia and Kittery are in full
and successful operation. Air. President, I am
unwillingto launch out into any such experiment,
until Congress becomes convinced that they are in
How do we know the amount of expense to which ■' successful operation. I believe this matter should
be postponed. Here, again, we are in want of an
actual survey; we are in want of information from
the Department respecting any plan and estimates.
Or it may be that the location is not suitable to a
basin and railway, or to a stone dock: for 1 un-
derstand that there are threat alternations of high
; and low water; and it would be impossible, fcx-
[ cept by going to an expense, which the author-
| ities of this country would never dream of incur-
■ to establish a stone dock; because if it be
we shall have fo go in the erection of such an
establishment? Where is the plan and estimate
from the proper bureau of the Navy Department,
to enable us to act intelligently upon this subject?
I believe that a site for a navy-yard ought to be
obtained; I believe that there are certain buildings
which we ought to put up, such as workshops,
foundries, and some other things, but I believe
that the expenditure ought to be limited, at pres-
ent, to what is actually necessary, and that we
should go no further. I believe so, because the ij adjusted to suit the tide at low water, it cannot be
expense of everything at present is so enormously jj used at high water; and if it is fitted for use at
great in California; and it seems to me that we : high water, it cannot be used at low water. 1 be-
should postpone all these public works which are j j lieve it is yet uncertain whether there are m.t peri-
Oot actually necessary, until prices fall to some- ji ods when the floods of the rivers will not bring
thing like the usual rate of labor and materials 'j down the fresh water in such quantities as to add
elsewhere. From the report of the quartermaster |i to these alternations of water in the bay of San
in California to General .Tesup, excusing his ex- [I Francisco, so much as to make it impracticable to
penses, I find that he that the estimates for |! establish a stone dock. I do not say it is so; but
every kind of building are ten times higher than I say it is a matter which demands inquiry before
they can be built for on the Atlantic. I find that j: we establish a stone dock, or before we establish
he had to pay something like $500 per thousand
feet for New England lumber. He says:
" I imagine thai it would lie a very common public b'lil'l i
ing vvhicli on the Atlantic side might cost ^.">,000. rt mav j
appear extravagant to pay here $50,000 tor a duplicate Jf i
that building; yet this i*s onlv multiplying bv ten the current !
ratio in the relative value of labor. ' :
" On tne tii'st of July, 18)9, lumber was ■relli.);; at San 1
Francisco for .-tfioo per thousand leet. A better quality of i
lumber could be purchased in New Ymk for .412—in Maine '
for >$10. Tiie relative valuein thi. iuiportanutcm, appears :
accordingly as one to fifty. Mechanics even where weie j
receiving from ,}I4 lo .--10 per day—most eoranionly
common laboreis from to -.-7 pi-r da}, and no
would ship for less Uian ,$IM pr- month, fapmm-
steamers in civil employment were paid from svfrJ to I.:,!)(]
tier 'noiitb, and the master* ot' .-ailing ve«seli= 't'r.iiiitoo to
What
Air. GWIN. That is two years a>'0
are the*estimates now r ' °
Mr. HUNTER. 1 do not know what they are.
I give them according to the latest report we have!
I know they are high, and being so high, I think
we ought to postpone the erection of all buildin
these basins and railways. Besides, I regard
these basins and railways ;is an experiment. 1
was one of those who voted for these floating
docks. 1 had supposed they were an improve-
ment. 1 am now much iacli led to think that 1
may have been mistaken in relation to the mat-
ter. But I know that when I gave my first \ ote
for one of these docks, I was told that they would
take a ship-of-the-line. It was represented that
they would anchor at the mouth of the Hudson
river, and would be ,-ble to receive a ship-of-the-
Jilor I line that it might be repaired, in any weather. I
"* 1 did not then hear of these basins and railways.
Now, it seems, you are not only to have a float-
ing dock, but a stone dock, not so expensive, per-
haps, as the ordinary stone dock, but still a stone
dock which will be very expensive. 1 am not
willing to try this experiment until it is ascertained,
not only to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
the Navy, but tuso to tne satisfaction of Congress,
that those which have been made will be useful.
I believe that a wooden pier is sufficient: and
the pier is estimated to cost only $50,000. I un-
derstand from those who are considered compe-
tent to inform _ me, that a wooden pier may be
.    ,, eserve
. much
, necessary, I am told, if you have a basin and
I ul Ij railway, as if you do not have one.
which aie not actually necessary until the prices
of labor and materials are reduced to a standard
hat nearer the common level. 1 have ob-
m estimate from the Navy Department of!! lKm 10 . me' ulal u woouen pier n:
nldings as may be necessary in order to ij ?°ppered also, m^ a manner which will pr
commencement in California. The build- >! fT '"ei Is necesscuy at a"> is as
id the amount necessary for each, are nut li ne.?esaary> am "M. y™ a basi
_,,_g follows: ' railway, as if you do not have one. Why is it ne-
For foundry  , fHm i1 BpC""Se W',en these dooIf. anchored
For machine shop  ..  ?ut £° ,the P.^seof roeomng a ship, the danger
K.ir blacksmiths' sbon   SJ'EX 'I °* thf W.'* nslriS' unequally; that while one
^  3,.00n of the chains is stretched tight, the other mav be
loose; and thus the vessel may be shaken in the
operation. The use of the pier is to steady this
dock when it is rising, and you will have to sink
the dock under the ship, in order to raise it up,as
much if you have a basin and railway as if you
have none. Therefore it is not money thrown
away if a pier is established first; for you will
need the use of one, not only for the purpose of
raising up the dock, but it may be used for the
purpose of a wharf.
We are obliged to have a pier, and I am willing
to build that pier. T am willing to begin the
establishment of a navy-yard, and put up the
buildings referred to by the Navy Department,
and vote the money necessary for that object; but
I am not willing to go further till we have more
information on the subject.
I believe that it is best that this establishment
should be proceeded with gradually. 1 am, there-
fore, willing to vote for the bill, if amended in the
manner proposed by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, if he will strike out his provision in relation
to the marine barracks, and add at the end this
proviso, which is designed to make the bill con-
form for the present to such objects as 1 under-
stand are deemed necessary by the Navy Depart-
ment:
Prodded, however, That the building*, " fixture*," lm-
provements, and pier shall be con^tiucted on hicIi a plan
as, with the exception of the money paid for the ground,
shall not exceed §500,000.
My object is to cause the work to conform to
the plan not to give them the permission to make
an establishment on any scale they may fancy—
not to leave it discretionary. This would leave
it open to future additions, as the necessity for
these additions develops itself. As we find, if we
should find, that this basin and railway are an im-
provement; and if we find that it would he better
to establish a stone dock, we can add that at some
time hereafter.
But. for the present, when we consider how
expensive it would be to erect any of these buiid-
1 ings in California, and how necessary it in for us
1 fo tread with caution in relation to any of these
< establishments—I say when we consider yll these
things, I think the prudent course wouUl be to
; confine ihe Secretary to such an establishment as
j would bring the expenses within the *um of
| $500,000: which, mark you, sir, is above the esti-
i mate that I have read, which is only §406,000,
j and which is also inclusive of the sum necessary
j for the purchase of the site.
If the Senator from California will accept this,
I am willing to vote for it—I belirve they ought to
have n navy-yard; and I believe that the work
should, so far, be commenced.
Mr. GWIN. I must say a few words in re-
ply fo the remarks of the Senator from Virginia^
for I look upon the amendment he proposes as
fatal to the bill. I therefore deern it proper to say
i a few words, though I did not intend to take any
] part in this debate, giving thereasons why 1 think
| the amendment objectionable. I must say I have
| cause to complain of the course which the -Senator
I from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] has pursued in re-
| <*ard to this bill. 1 was in favor of the course he
has to-day recommended to be pursued when t
1 first introduced the bill; that is, that we should
; pass a la v authorizing the establishment of this
; navy-yard, and without making any specific ap-
| propriation until an examination was made, and
■ the estimates sent in by the proper officers*, offh*
. probable cost of the work. The Senator from
Virginia opposed the bill in that form, and at his
1 suggestion the JNavnl Committee altered it and
ordered the appropriation.
Mr. HUNTER, if the Senator from Caiifor-
, ma will allow me, I will say that I think he is en-
tirely mistaken. I opposed it because no appro-
priation was included in the bill.
Mr. GrWIX. 1 introduced this bill, and no ap-
| propriation was specified because the committee
| intended to ask lor it in the na\al appropriation
' bill. We wanted a board of officers to go «'\m! mal:^
j an examination and send in then- estimates before
; the appropriation was made. The Senator from
■ Virginia then objected because there was 'no ap-
, propriation specified. And he now objects b*-
| cause there is an appropriation asked for in the bill
: upon his own suggestion; for the Committee on
! Naval Affairs wished to encounter no opposition
' upon immaterial points, when, by immaterial
; amendments, the .success of the bill was riot end?sn-
