1&52.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
gered. Now, the only person who raised the ob-
jection to the original bill, objects to it in its present
form when it was thus amended to meet his views.
He gets up and reads a report about the price
of lumber and other articles two years ago, when
everybody knows that the price of many building
materials was then ten times as great as they are at
present. I have seen lumber sold for $800 per
thousand feet, and in a few months thereafter it
was sold for less than $100; and everything is
falling there at this very time. The argument of
the Senator from Virginia is, that because it costs
money to create defenses in California, therefore
we must make everything temporary to save
money. It must be known to the Senate that
there is not, at this moment, one gun mounted on
the waters of the bay of San Francisco; and any
respectable naval power at war with the United
States, with a fleet superior to the small naval
force we have there, can take possession of the
bay of San Francisco, and starve out the whole
country. We have no defenses at all; and when
I introduce a bill to commence these defenses, ob-
jections are raised on the ground that public works
there are expensive.
I know it will costa great deal to make these
defenses, and I am in favor of economizing the
public money to the fullest extent. But 1 put this
question to the Senate and country: Are our pos-
sessions on the Pacific coast worth preserving? :
If they are, you must not postpone proper defen- |
ses, and thus tempt foreign powers to attack us,
nor estimate too closely the amount that these
defenses will cost.
In regard to the proposition to limit the appro-
priation to the sum of $500,000, if it is adopted it
will cut off the navy-yard entirely. I do not hes-
itate to say, and the future will prove I am right,
that no person of respectable judgment, after a
full examination of the location selected for a
navy-yard and dock, will ever propose to build a ,
pier of any other material than stone. We have
had ample experience of that in the case of the ,
pier at Pensacoia, which has already cost up-
wards of $400,000, and but little more than half
finished; and the limitation of the sum in this
case, makes the act a dead letter, either as to the '
pier or navy-yard.
The gentleman from Virginia speaks about the
rise and fall of the tide. 1 should like to know
where the tide does: not me and fall. At San
Francisco it is only eight feet—very little more
than it is at New York. Again, as to thediffi-'
culty of which the Senator speaks in regard to ,
location: There is no ground for snob an objection,
for we have a dozen locations, it is not a ques-
tion of depth of water at all. We have locations
with fifty, a hundred feet—even two hundred feet
of water. We have plenty of water everywhere,
and the only difficulty is to select the be&t loca-
••ation, other things being equal. 1 again repeat,
that the limitation proposed by the Senator from
Virginia, will defeat the whole measure. We
had a similar limitation in regard to our custom-
house, and we have not been able to proceed with
the buildincr with that degree of dispatch which
the public interest requires; and we shall have to
« sk for another appropriation to complete it.
Mr. HALE. It lias been my fortune to know '
something about these docks, and I wish to say '
a word or two with regard to the question now
before the Senate. I recollect very well that I
voted for these docks, with the Senator from Vir- ,
ginia, [Mr. Hunter,] some eight or nine yearn
ago, when we were members of the House of
Representatives. I was then impressed with the
opinion that it was a matter of economy to the
Government to build them; but T confess my con-
victions were somewhat shaken by the remarks
and the facts addressed to the consideration of the
Senate the other day by the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bhodiiead.] 3 have
since that time given some attention to the subject,
and have examined the facta vis they exist, and I
think I may possibly be able u explain the appa-
rent discrepancies which seemed to exist between
the estimates which that Senator stated the memo-
rialists proposed to build the docks for, and the
amounts they actually received. The honorable :
Senator read from a memorial addressed to the •
Senate some seven or mght years ago, by Gilbert ■
and Dakm, in which lie makes the estimate for
which thev proposed to build the docks, basins,
nrd railways* .something like half what they
actually received. I will not attempt to state
minutely the exact sums, but it is sufficient to
state that the sum which the Senator says they
agreed to build them for was about half what they
did receive. I think it wtil be seen, by a reference
to these memorials, that they relate to the area, to
wit: of those at Norfolk, Virginia, and Charles-
town, Massachusetts. It will be found, by a ref-
,} erence to the documents, that the length of these
j| two docks was exactly two hundred and ten feet,
j, and the width sixty-feet, making an area of twelve
I! thousand six hundred feet; and it was upon that
basis that the proposition of the memorialists wos
; j made. They proposed to construct docks of those
M dimensions.
Since the adoption of the steam-marine, it has
been found that these docks are not capacious
enough, and are not competent to take m these
large vessels; and the Government, in making a
contract with these persons, instead of contracting
for docks having an area of 12,6U0 feet, ordered
them to be made 350 feet in length, by 90 feet m
width, making an area of 31,500 feet. Thus, it
makes the docks which the Government actually
contracted for by law, equal to twice and a half the
capacity of those which the memorialists proposed
;j to build. I think this will sufficiently explain the
i increased pricc over the sum estimated for in the
| memorial.
'\ Let it be borne in mind, that the area of the
'' docks first built at Norfolk and Charlestown, was
■ 12,600 feet, while those at Philadelphia and Bat-
tery have an area of 31,500 feet; so that those now
. built are nearly three times as large as the original
1 docks. So much for the apparent discrepancy be-
tween the estimates of the memorialists, and the
: price which they actually received.
Then there is another fact. I think that, gen-
, tlemen somewhat misunderstand the capacity of
; these docks and their usefulness. We have not i
a single place on the Pacific coast for docking ves-
| sels. if one of these floating docks were built
, i with a pier, that pier would add nothing to the
j capacity of the dock. It will take only one ves-
I sei at a time. Now, if your vessel is in need of
j repairs, when on the Pacific, it has to come eigh-
1 teen thousand miles before those repairs ran be
! had, and such a vessel is certainly nottn a e,ood
condition to make such a voyage' and if you have
a dock on the Pacific, by which you can only re-
; pair one vessel at a time, ii imut be admitted that
i it will he of veiv httle practical benefit. Now.
' the adwnta^e of a basin and railway in connec-
\ lion with a floating dock is, tnat when you have
once biiih a dock and basin, yuu can multiply ii>>
, facilities indefinitely. You an build a railway
, outside a basm for $20,090, and these can be rnai-
j tiplied, Su ,t< to ijve you facilities for repairs to
an indefinite extent. These railways may be
! extended for half a mile or a miie: or, as these
basins are constructed, there may he five railways
' on each side of su<>h basin, and two near the
. shore end; making the barin furnish a capacity for
taking out and docking twelve ship.?, at least. If
! your railway is extended, the ship k*t upon it,
' and neaiest the water, must c« me off first. How-
ever. if you only have one ship at a time on each
j idihvay, you can ,still have twelve ships undergo-
ing repair at the same time—(hat is, with the capa-
city of such a dock as that at Khtery. or Phila-
delohia, <>r Peris^ol-i; whereas, if you have but
a dock and a pvi\ you can hnve but one vessel
undergoing repair at once.
I think the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hitter]
is mistaken in one part of his assumption—that is.
that if a pier is built n will constitute a 'pari oi a
basin and railway. It never can do so. ^ The
basin will have a wharf next the sea, and it will
answer for the v. iuth of a pier by which th.° dock
may be moved; but a pier made by it-seif never
can be made practicable as a pai? of a baM-i ia
which vessels arc to be put.
Now, let me say one woid in regard to the prac-
ticability of building wooden piers tn tlu wv.ers.
i believe :t i* conceded that it they are Dink of
wood, they must be coppered. _ Now, uo gentle-
men know how long the coppering on a vessel will
last? Do ihey know how long if. will stand the
corrosive action of the waves * I believe that six
years is the extent of time. Gentlemen will cor-
rect me, if I am mistaken. You copper 3 out ves-
sel, and you put her to sea: and under ine ordi-
nary navigation of a vessel one well-coppered and
oopper-fristened will have its copper worn out ,a
six years. That, I believe, is an established fact.
If 1 am not correct, I will thank any onte mor®
conversant with the matter than I am to cor-
rect me; but I am told that the copper will not
wear more than six years, so that if you build
your pier, and copper it, you will have substan-
tially to rebuild it every six years. I understand
that it has been tried in Floriaa, and that the Gov-
ernment abandoned the idea of building wooden
piers, and are now building stone piers. Now, if
it is to be built, if the structure must be of stone,
and if it is not practicable to build it of wood, and
copper it so as to make it last more than six years,
it seems to me that it had better be done with the
material already contracted for.
These are matters of practical importance that
are placed before the country. But I think there
is something due to the honor of the Government,
and the question is, " Whether the Government
ever made a contract with these individuals or
not M
I find in the appropriation bill, passed in 1851,
this provision:
a That the Secretary of the Navy is required to modify
the contract alleged to have been made on the 17th of Jan-
uary last."
j The Secretary of the Navy is required to mod-
i ify a contract! How can the Secretary of the .
j Navy, or anybody else, modify a contract, unless
the other party consent ?
1 If the Government admit that they have made
j a contract, it is folly for them to talk of modifying
j it when it is made. It takes two parties to make
' a contract, and it takes just as many to modify it!
1 The Government may rest on its arbitrary power,
> and refuse to comply with the contract, but it can
| claim no right to alter any of the terms.
' But some gentlemen speak as though the Gov-
: ernment was not legally bound, inasmuch as the
contract was not signed. They say that although
the terms were duly accepted, yet the Govern-
ment is not bound because no contract was legally
entered into. Now, I say that, in that view of
the subject, the Government can never make a
legal contract, because they cannot enter into a
covenant to which legal considerations attach, and
because it is impossible to attach any legal liability
to the acts of the sovereign power.
It would be impossible for individuals to claim
o similar exemption, because the statute of frauds
comes m and says, that "two individuals cannot
enter into such a contract without it is reduced to
writing.45 JBut neither the statute of frauds, nor
the siauoe of limitations applies to the sovereign
power, and in that sens-1, the Government can
never make a contract with another party by mu-
tual obhgations. because the Government cannot
make any contract, to the infraction of which a
legal remedy will attach.
Then, so "far as the Government is concerned,
the contract was as fully made when the proposals
weie acceded to, as if the contract had been com-
mitted to writing. If Senators will look into the
clause of the appropriation bill relating to the con-
tract, they will find that Congress did not under-
take to do so mean a thing as to direct the Secre-
tary of the Navy to deport from the terms of a
contract atretulv made. The language is this:
Tn.tt the £? >eremry of tb<> _Vavv hp repaired
to luoduv the contract alleged to have been made on the
17ihoJ January la^t, >o -it to confine the sum to the con-
^miction of a floating dock alone, without a basin and rail-
way.-'
Thus, the Secretary of the Navy was required
to apply the sum of $150,000, then appropriated,
to the construction of a dock, leaving the basin
and railway to be provided for afterwards. In
other words, it was the expression of the sense of
Congress, t;.jithey wanted, a dock built first; and
that ih.-\ it-quired the money then appropriated
to be applied to t'lu buddmg of a dock alone
Thev went on. thcrefoie, to repeal so much of the
lav as atthorized the construction of a basin and
rcolwav. What was the meaning of that? There
v.* s a di^V-ienc 0 of opinion in Congress about this
mMiei". .Some said there was a contract. The
Secretary of the Navy thought so, and some gen-
tleman said no; there was no contract. Congress
sari, *">y this act, \ve will not examine; but to
leave it'all right, we will apply the money which
we appropriate to-day, and leave the budding of
the basm and railway open. If theie is not a con-
tract made, we will not confer authority to make
one. What is the whole of the matter and the
fair import of the proviso? There was nothing
