1770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
taken up. It has been reported for several months
and has been lying on our tables for a long while.
Mr, SHIELDS. I do not wish to interfere
with the Senator from California. I know that
the bill which he proposes to take up is very
necessary, and I have no wish to interfere with it.
The bill which I propose to take up concerns his
own people more, perhaps, than any other por-
tion of the country; but 1 will withdraw the mo-
tion to enable him to take up the biH to which he
alludes.
PUBLIC LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
On the motion of Mr. GrWIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill " to provide for- the survey of the public
lands m California, and the granting of donation
privileges, and for other purposes."
The Committee on Public Lands reported an
amendment to the billj which was to strike out all
of the original bill after the enacting clause and
insert a new one.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I propose, as I
gave notice yesterday, to offer a substitute for the
whole bill. I will proceed very briefly to give the
reasons which have induced me to offer the sub-
stitute. I am in favor of the bill as reported by
the Committee on Public Lands, but I have been
informed that there is great doubt whether the bill
can pass the other House in the form in which it
has been reported. I have, therefore, in order to
secure legislation with regard to the public domain
in California, proposed this substitute. It does
away with the donation system provided for in the
original bill, and substitutes in its place the pre-
emption system.
it is now four years since California, by the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, was recognized as
an integral part of the American territory, and
nearly two years since she was admitted as a sov-
ereign State into the Union; but the machinery of
the land system has not yet been put into full oper-
ation in our State. One of the conditions in the
act of Congress of the 9th of September, 1850,
for her admission is, " That the people of said
• State, through the Legislature, or otherwise,
'shall never interfere with the primary disposal of
' the public lands within its'limits, and shall pass
' no law and do no act whereby the title of the
' United States to,and right todisposeof thesame,
'shall be impaired or questioned," the Constitu-
tion having delegated to Congress " the power to
' dispose of", and make all needful rules and regu-
' iations respecting, the territory or other property
• belonging to the United States." This constitu-
tional delegation of power, and the law for the ad-
mission of our State, plainly point out the duty of
Congress in this matter, and the settled policy of
the nation, fixed by a long series of legislative
acts as to all the other territory of the United
States, and now grown into an established system, i
require that the public lands in California shall be ;
laid open to sale without delay, which the suffer-
ing interests of our people now imperiously de-
mand.
Soon after California was represented in Con-
gress, a hill to effect this object was introduced,
among other measures, affecting our landed inter-
ests; and, although constantly pressed and stren-
uously urged at the last session, owing to exciting
and extraordinary causes, of public notoriety, ihe
only step towards the measure was the intro-
duction of an item into the general appropriation
act of 3d March, 1851, providing a sum for the
surveys of public lands and private claims, and
compensation, limited to two years, for a surveyor
general. The legislation which I have heretofore
proposed and advocated contemplated the granting
of donations lo actual settlers, upon liberal prin-
ciples. Since then the " homestead " bill, being,
in some respects, a kindred measure, and of a gen-
eral character, has passed the other House, and is
now before the Senate. In consideration of this
fact, objections have been advance*! against making
special provisions for donations in the California
land bill, creating well-founded apprehensions that
its passage may be jeopardized, deferred, or de-
feated, if this measure, in a special bill for our
State, be now insisted upon. I am willing, there-
fore, to waive the principle for the present, being
moved to do so by a conviction of the necessity
for such speedy legislation as will secure to our
people the early benefits of the land system by
survey, public sale, and especially by a preemp-
tion system that will make their rights attach from
the instant of the passage of the law on agricultu-
ral lands, whether surveyed or unsurveyed. I
now introducfta substitute for the original bill, on
which 1 ask the immediate action of the Senate,
and to which I think no reasonable exception can
be taken. It creates, permanently, the office of
surveyor general for California, fixes his salary;
provides for incidentals; for an official seal by
which to authenticate papers; gives him the same
power m regard to surveys m California as the
surveyor general of the State of Louisiana has in
that State; authorizes him, in executing sur-veys,
to act m cases of conflicting boundaries, but not
to preclude a legal investigation and decision by
the proper tribunals; stipulates a maximum price
for the survey of private claims and public lands;
gives power to the head of the Department, if he
deems proper, to direct the surveys according to
the geodetic method; to depart from the rectangu-
lar system where the public interests may require
it; authorizes the President, with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint a register and re-
ceiver, with the usual powers; fixes their salary;
directs the location of the land office at a conve-
nient place, with power to remove it, and to cre-
ate two or three land districts in California, and
appoint officers; lays open all the agricultural un-
reserved public lands in California, whether sur-
veyed or unsurveyed, to preemption, according to
the act of 4th September, 1841, removing the re-
striction in that act as to the extent of possessions
of claimant, or in regard to abandonment of his
residence to move on public lands; grants the six-
teenth and thirty-sixth sections to th# State for
schbol purposes; directs all unsold public lands
to be proclaimed and offered, and thereafter makes
them subject to private sale atfl 25 per acre; for-
bids the register and receiver from taking fees, ex-
cept for deciding preemptions, but allows receiver
actual expenses for making deposits.
The bill which I have prepared as a substitute,
further provides that, where there shall be a house
erected and a cultivation on the school sections, the
State authorities shall take an equivalent in other
lands; forbids a settlement on a tract selected for
a military post, or within a mile of such post;
declares that certain town or village sites, shall
not be subject to entry by settlers under this act,
but shall be subject to the act of 23d May, 1844,
for the " relief of the citizens of towns upon the
lands of the United States, under certain circum-
stances," except such towns as are on mineral
lands, to which the act gives the inhabitants a
right of occupancy and cultivation, until Con'gress
shall dispose of the same; confers authority for
paying for surveys by the day, instead of the mile,
when necessary; orders that officers may hold over
after their commissions have expired, until their
successors enter on duty; diiects the surveyor
general, when compatible with other duties, to
inspect the surveying operations on the field, to
see that the work is faithfully done, or to depute
an agent for the purpose; authorizes a seal to be
provided for the surveyor general of Oregon, and
fixes his salary; and grants to California two en-
tire townships for a seminary of learning; pro-
vides as to the manner of selection, and grants to
the State ten sections of land for the purpose of
erecting public buildings.
Such is an outline of its provisions—all of which
have been, time and again, sanctioned by legisla-
tive acts as to other States, and are founded upon
precedents too well established to be now disputed
—precedents, too, that authorize and allow a far
more liberal policy towards our State, especially,
in reference to donations, and in regard to which I
now give notice that, unless provided for in a gen-
eral law, I shall hereafter insist upon by intro-
ducing a measure to convert the preemptions under
this act into donations, by dispensing with any
payment on the land.
Seven months of the present session have elapsed
—we are hastening to the close of the first session
of the Thirty-second Congress—and I now call
upon the Senate for a speedy passage of this bill,
so indispensable and of such vital importance to
the present and future welfare of my constituents.
Mr. FELCH. The bill originally introduced
into the Senate was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, which committee reported it back
with an amendment, which was a substitute for
the whole bill. The Senator from California now
proposes a further amendment, which is, in fact,
a substitute for both of them. I wish to propose
an amendment or two to the proposition of the
Senator from California, but 1 suppose that, in
the present stage of the proceedings, it will be
hai-dly competent for me to do so, as it would, be
an amendment to an amendment to an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris
in the chair.) The Chair did not understand that
to be the state of the case.
Mr. "GWIN. If the substitute which I have
offered is adopted in place of the original bill, and
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Public Lands, it \frill then be open to amendment,
I suppose.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator from
California is mistaken. If the substitute is once
adopted it cannot be .amended. All amendments
must be made before the Senate adopt the substi-
tute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the rule to be, that when amendments
are moved to the original bill, the question is taken
first on those amendments, then on the amendment
to the substitute, and then the question is. taken on
the substitute itself.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that is the rule.
Mr. GEYER. I submit that the amendments
reported by the committee are the first in order,
and that this amendment is intended as a substi-
tute for the amendment of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the rule to be, that the original bill is
first to be perfected before the question is taken on
the substitute.
Mr. GEYER. Is this a substitute for the ori-
ginal bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand it, this is a
substitute for the original bill, and therefore I ap-
prehend the Chair is perfectly right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
now understands that the committee reported a
substitute for the whole bill. The first question,
therefore, will be on the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. FELCH. If that amendment is adopted,
will it then be open to amendment?
Mr. HUNTER. I now see the state of the
case. The bill was referred to the committee, and
the committee proposes to amend it by a substi-
tute, and the -Senator from California now pro-
poses to amend the substitute of the committee.
The best plan to get out of the difficulty will be
to vote down the substitute of the committee, and
then let the Senator from California offer his
amendment as a substitute for the original bill.
Mr. DAVIS. This is a motion to amend the
original bill, is it not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The original
bill was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and that committee reported a substitute
for it.
Mr. DAVIS. The committee report in favor
of striking out the'whole of the original bill. Now
it is competent for the Senate to amend that bill
before it is stricken out. Therefore, if this is
proposed as an amendment to that, I think it is in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The original
bill is open to amendment; but if no amendment
be offered, the question will be on the substitute
reported by thf committee.
Mr.^HUNTER. I understand that the Sen-
ator from California and the Committee on Public
Lands have agreed that they will consider his sub-
stitute in place of their own. It will save time,
therefore, to vote down the substitute of the com-
mittee. The question will then stand as between
the original bill and the substitute of the Senator-
from California. Of course, amendments can be
offered to the original bill, before the vote is taken
on the substitute.
Mr. ADAMS. I understand the rule, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Virginia, that the
original bill is under consideration now, and may
be perfected before the substitute is voted upon;
but there being no proposition to amend or perfect
the original bill, the question comes up first upon
striking out, and then the substitute will be open
to amendment. If that should be rejected, then,
as the Senator from Virginia suggests, the prop-
osition of the Senator from California would come
up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
