908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
and the Senate proceeded to consider it as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. ... *
It enacts that there be paid to the district judge
of the United States for the district of New Hamp-
shire an annual Salary of &1,G00, instead of the
salary now established by law. It was reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary) with an
amendment to strike out the words, "instead of
the salary now established by law," and insert,
- " to be paid ou.t of the Treasury of the United
States, in quarterly payments."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Let me state very briefly to the
Senate; a few reasons why this bill should pass,
"and' then let me entreat those who are friendly to
it, not to kill it with amendments. I will en-
deavor to do justice to everybody else. The sal-
ary of the district judge of the district of New
Hampshire is $ 1,000. By the law of the United
States he is debarred from practising in any other
court. Of course you expect a lawyer and a gen-
tleman to fill that office. Thebar of the State have
repeatedly, for a great number of years, memorial-
ized Congress, stating the entire insufficiency of
the salary, and praying Congress to increase it.
A year or two since an application was made from
the western district of Virginia—and I crave the
ear of the Senator from Virginia—to raise the sal-
ary of the district judge of that district from
p.600—the sum to which it is now proposed to
raise that of the district judge of the district of
New Hampshire—to #2,500. The committee
reported favorably upon it, and the bill was
brought up for consideration. I was proposing
to make an amendment to increase the salary of
the district judge of New Hampshire; but the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] entreated
me not to embarrass his bill by it, because the
consequence might be to defeat the bill, and
said that when this came up it should be treated
fairly. [ refrained to offer my amendment, be-
cause I thought that that salary ought to be raised,
and I did not want to embarrass it by any other
question, and his bill passed the Senate. Now, if
the Senate think that the salary of the district
judge of New Hampshire is entirely inadequate,
particularly under the operation of a law which
you have just signed, by which his judicial duties
are extended to Massachusetts ana New York,
and anywhere else in the adjoining States-r-for
when the business on the docket requires it, the
judge, by law, is liable to be called into any of
these States—I ask them to pass this bill. I ask
every Senator if $1,000 is an adequate sum to be
paid for such a gentleman as ought to fill that sta-
tion, his jurisdiction extending to Massachusetts
and New York? If, then, Senators think that it
is entirely inadequate, I do beg them, by every
consideration of justice, that they will pass it, and
not embarrass it with amendments of other bills
which may be equally meritorious. When those
bills come up we will do justice to them. I ask
for justice to my judge.
Mr, SHIELDS. I certainly think that a salary
of $1,000 is insufficient for a judge, and shall
votemost cheerfully for the gentleman's bill. But
there have been bills reported to increase the sal-
aries of other judges. In my State, I believe, the
salary of the United States judge is $1,500, and
that amount is not considered at all adequate as a
salary. The committee reported in favor of in-
creasing it to «2,000. and I apprehend that §2,000
thereis about equal to $1,600in New Hampshire;
that is, a man is not better paid there at $2,000,
than he is in New Hampshire by receiving §1,500
or §1,600. I have no wish whatever to embarrass
this bill; but my impression is that the object is
a legitimate one, and that it would be better to in-
clude the cases of all the judges in one bill. Now,
1 know that in my State a salary of $2,000, con-
sidering the duties which a judge has to perform,
and the expenses of living,'is by no means un-
reasonable; on the contrary, that it is nothing more
than an adequate salary; and without any wish to
embarrass the hill, as the committee has already
reported on this, 1 believe, two sessions ago, I
will move an amendment that the district judge
of the district of Illinois be included, that his sal-
ary be increased to $2,000.
Mr. CLARKE. In this consideration of the
salaries of district judges throughout the country,
it appears to me as though the Judiciary Com-
mitteeimd better provide for the salaries of the
several i).str:cf judges, instead of confining it to
one. I do not mean to throw any obstruction in
the way of the bill of the Senator from New
Hampshire,and I should not desire to propose an
amendment to the bill, unless the proposition
made by the Senator from Illinois should be
adopted. A petition was presented to this body,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
asking for an increase in the salary of the district
judge of the district of Rhode Island: and every
reason which lias been so well assigned by the
Senators from New Hampshire and Illinois for ail
increase in the salaries of the judges in their dis-
tricts, as strongly applies to an increase of the
salary of the district judge of Rhode Island. It
is hardly necessary for me to say that in that ju-
dicial district there is a great amount of maritime
business, which necessarily comes before the
judge of the district. And 1 may also be permit-
ted to say, that a great deal of the business of the
circuit court of the United States for that dis-
trict falls on the district judge exclusively. He
has, besides sitting with the circuit judge, to do
at least one half of the business of ihe circuit
court, without the assistance of the circuit judge
of the United States. His business, as district
judge, is very large. The salary now paid him
is $1,500. Within the last few years he has
been obliged to go to New York, and hold a dis-
trict court there. He also had to go to Boston
during the absence of Judge Sprague, and hold
a court there. His expenses have been necessa-
rily very much increased; and that officer is ab-
solutely now living upon a pittance of $1,500 a
year, which is less than the chief justice of the
supreme court of the State gets. Under these cir-
cumstances, if an amendment is to be made to this
bill, though I do not wish to interfere with my
friend from New Hampshire, I beg leave to ask
that it may be amended so as to give to the dis-
trict judge of the district of Rhode Island §2,000
a year, instead of §1,500, which he now receives.
The salary of $1,500 was fixed some ten or fifteen
years ago. Since that time his business has in-
cieased, piobably more than double, and Ins ex-
penses of living, as we all know, ha\e \eiy much
increased. I have one thing more to say; notwith-
standing he is a prudent man, I am sorry to say
that affer all the salary he has received from
the United States, he is, riot absolutely, perhaps,
destitute of property, but he has very little. Un-
der these circumstances, if the amendment pro-
posed by my friend from Illinois be added to the
bill, I shall ask that it may be amended so that
the salary of the district judge of Rhode island
will be increased to 4,2,U00.
Mr. RHETT. if the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, and the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Rhode Island, are
to be brought forward, I shall be compelled to
bring forward one of my own; and I presume
every Senator on this floor, who k ricav: that the
judiciary of the United States in his State are not
properly paid, will feel bound also, on this occa-
sion, to bring forward various propositions for
additional compensation. But in this'case it seems
to me that the Senate must be driven to one of the
two alternatives. Let us legislate on each partic-
ular case, as on that which the Senator from
New Hampshire has up, or let us have a general
bill reported from the Committee on the Judicial y.
For my part, I am perfectly satisfied that our
judges are the worst paid men, in proportion to
their character, age, and learning, that thereare on
the continent; and, consequently, I am prepared to
vote for a general bill that will cover additional
compensation for the United States judges from
one end of the Union to the other. I say now to
the Senate, let us make up our minds to do one
ot two things. Take up these bills separately,
and consider and vote on each separately: or let
us determine to have a genera! bill, and vote upon
all the cases according to the ic-purt of the com-
mittee and the merits of each. I prefer a general
bill, I must confess; but at the same time I say
that, as the case brought forward by the Senator
from New Hampshire is under consideration, 1
shall not myself offer any amendment unless
others do. I was prepared directly to vote it
through, and 1 am now prepared to vote for the
bill before the Senate. 1 thmk it just and proper;
and I do not think that it is exaciiy r>ht it/ prin-
ciple to postpone justice m one case, Xecause in-
justice is done to others, with the hope that vou
may afterwards do justice ag^iegately. On that
ground,! shall vote for the bill of the Senator
from New Hampshire; but I say now, that if
amendment! are to ba offered, let us have them
all round. The Senate is not full. Let the Sen-
ate be full; and let all the representatives from the
different parts of the country, where the judiciary
are improperly paid, come together and make a
proper bill, doing justice to all.
Mr. BRADBURY. I do not rise to oppose
action on this bill, but to state the fact that a very
large number of applications for an increase of
the salary of district judges have been referred to
the Judiciary Committee. That committee now
have the subject under consideration. I think
that the applications embrace the cases of more
than twenty judges; and I venture to say that the
subject will receive the early attention of the com-
mittee. They intend, when all the cases come in,
to consider the whole; and if, in their judgment
II necessity requires it, to report a general bill, 1
j do not, however, state this fact with a view of
:! opposing action on those bills which were report-
jj ed before such a large number of applications
|! came in.
Mr. SHIELDS. The observations made by
i< the honorable Senator from South Carolina, 1 think
j< are so pertinent that I shall withdraw my amend-
!: ment. I do it because I think we can very safely
| vote for this bill as it is. Every man will admit,
• ! that $1,000 is not an adequate compensation, end
that $l,600isnotunreasonable. Sol think 1 may
:! safely vote for the bill, and not to embarrass it, I
withdraw my amendment.
I Mr. DAVIS. At the last session, and again at
this session of Congress, a memorial, signed by
i nearly all the bar in the county of Suffolk and city
!' of Boston, Massachusetts, was presented, in which
ii they represented thatin their judgment the district
I, judge of that district is very inadequately compen-
| sated. When we look at the increase of business
i, which has grown up, and more especially that in
j. the admiralty department of it occupying a very
■ large portion of all the time of that learned judge,
the salary which I believe is $2,000, or ^2,500,
| every gentleman who knows the expenses of
I living in Boston, knows is enuiely inadequate to
!| a comfortable and reasonable support. The asso-
ciate judges of our State supreme fourt have
§3,000 a year, and the chief justice §3,500 a year;
and it is a very plain matter, I apprehend, that the
district judge ought to have a compensation equal
to those associate judges. I-Ie is compelled to
reside within the city, and to incur the expenses
which are incident to a residence there, and the
sum of §2,500, I thmk my colleague, and every
other gentleman who is acquainted with the city,
will say is entirely inadequate, and that it ought
to be increased.
j[ Mr. SUMNER. It is entirely inadequate.
Mr. DOWNS. That, I believe, is the opinion
j| of the whole bar. The memorial m this case is
l' signed by nearly all the members of the bar.
i Under these circumstances, I am glad to hear from
!' the honorable Senator from Mame [Mr. Brad-
j1 bury] that the subject is under the consideration
of the Judiciary Committee. It was under the
care of the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Berriex,J who is now absent. It is not my wish
to interpose any obstacle to the passage of the bill
of the honorable Senator from New Hampshire.
At the same time, I think there ought to be some
general provision to meet the cases where it is
proper there should be an increase.
Mr. HALE. I believe that the re is not a sin-
gle Senator but what is satisfied that this billongh'
to pass; and I am exceedingly elided to the Sen-
ator from Illinois for withdrawing- his amendment.
I want to state that this ha? been before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and they ha\e reported it.
The case to which the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] refers, has also been
before them, and they have reported upon it. The
proposition to increase the salary of the juc'ge of
this District has also been before them, and they
have reported upon it; and also a bill to increase
the salary of the district judge for the Southern
district of Florida. The committee have had
these before them, ond refused to conglomerate
—to put them together. So far as these are con-
cerned, they have reported them separately. And
now, inasmuch t s everybody believes this bill
ought to pass, and as the only objection is, that
there are a great many more which ought to be
passed, I beg tiiem to do right now, and it will
