THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bo considered a precedent for other bills of the
samp sort which may come up hereafter.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] is, to a small extent, at
any rate, mistaken, if he supposes there is no op- ■
position to tiiis bill. I am opposed to its passage; '
and, even if there were no other reason, I am ,
opposed to it upon the very ground for which he
seems specially to urge it at this time—that is, as
a precedent for increasing the salaries of Federal
officers.
I do not undertake to say that the gentleman
who holds the office of district judge in New
Hampshire may not fairly, by the devotion of his
time and talents to the public service, be entitled
to more than he now receives under the law. But
I inquire of the Senator, [Mr. Hale,] what is the
amount of salary paid to his State judges ?
Mr. HALE. The chief justice of the supreme
court gets $1,400, and the associate judges get
§1,200 each; besides which, they have additional
compensation for reporting their decisions.
Mr. BORLAND. Then, I suppose, if this
Federal judge be, as I doubt not he is, competent
to perform the duties of his office, he might be al-
lowed the same salary as one of the State judges,
but no more.
I made the inquiry, expecting to find the fact in
this case as 1 have in others, that the salary of the
State judge is less than that of the Federal judge
in thesameState. It turns out, however, that here
the State judge receives a little more. In my own
State, am! m some, I believe most others, the
Federal judge receives the higher salary. In my
State, the salary of the United States district judge
is $.2,000; whereas, the chief justice, and associate
judges of the supreme court, get $1,500, and the
circuit court judges get $1,200 each; and yet these
State judges are occupied a larger portion of time,
and have much more labor to perform. That they
have equal learning and talents, and sustain equal
responsibilities, I do not hesitate to say, without
disparagement to the Federal judge; that no one
will question. Not only does this Federal judge
get a Jarirer salary than'any of our State judges,
but larger than any one of our State officers. Our
Governor gets but $1,800.
Mr. Picsident, I am unwilling' to set up a stand-
ard for compensating Federal officers of any class,
which shaM assume an estimate of their services
as of a higher value than the services of St-ite offi-
cers, of the same class, in the same State. 1 can
see nogcod reason for it. But I think I do see
a most conclusive reason against it, in the effect
such a policy has already had, and will con-
tinue to have, upon the character of our Govern-
ment. It contributes to make this Federal Gov-
ernment the giear object of .admiration—the great
center of attraction—to the popular eye, and to
the office-seeker's he^rt. It tends to build up,
here, a great store-hou*^ of patronage, which
draws, by the richness of its contents, a horde of
hungry applicants to its doors. A5? far as such
moneyed (and we know they are moneyed) influ-
ences can accomplish such end—and who does
not witness their potency and their evils every
day •—they divert the currents of patriotism from
their legitimate channels, and impair, by turning
in the wton^ direction, the feelings of attachment
and respect which the citizen should be encour-
aged to cherish, above all other public sentiments,
for the State in which he was born, or to which
his allegiance may be due. Such influences I con-
sider among the most potent ^nd dangerous of the
causes which are operating to change the form
and character of our present system of Govern-
ment.
From the frequency with which I hove suggest-
ed the dangers of ccntralim, recently, I may seem
to some to be a sort of monomaniac on the sub-
ject. I confess, sir, I am alive, sensitively alive, to
what I regard as this dangerous tendency in our
system of Government; for all around me there
are causes, small they may be severally, but in-
numerable, which strike upon my every sense,
and tell me in terms I can neither misunderstand
nor dm egard th.it there is) danger; and that, unless
it be met mid resisted at every point, we shall be
overcome hv it. And in this proposed increase
of salary to' Federal officers, I care not whether
they be judicial or executive, this danger pre-
sents to me an aspect so strongly characterized
by its parent source, and therefore so forbidding,
that I cannot hesitate a moment to raise my voice
! against its admission here. Sir, it has longwield-
| ed, it is wielding now, and will continue to wield,
j a potent influence over the country This bill
I proposes to augment, by a drop only, I admit, in
j this case—yet to augment an existing evil—a
; growing danger. I shall vote against it.
I Mr. CLARKE. 1 intimated a short time since,
> a desire to make an amendment to this bill, in-
■ eluding the district judge of Rhode Island; but
i after what has been said, and the extreme reason-
i ableness and necessity of passing this bill, for
which the Senator from New Hampshire seems
to be anxious, 1 shall postpone to a future day
any such movement, and beg of rny friend from
Maine to induce the Judiciary Committee to re-
port a bill in relation to the salaries of all these
judges. I have no fear, such as the Senator from
Arkansas has expressed, that the increase of the
salaries of the judicial officers of our Government
will have a tendency to consolidate or to injure the
purity of this Government. If he has any such
apprehension in regard to his own State—if he
believes that the salary of the district judge for
that State (§2,000) is too large, I would suggest
to him whether some reduction could not be made
in if, in order to meet the increase of the salary of
the judge in the State of my friend from New
Hampshire; and then this consolidation and pat-
ronage would be so far diminished as to do away
with the fear of my friend from Arkansas. I know
that my friend from New Hampshire has no fears
whatever. 1 hope we may pass the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I trust that there will be no
action taken on this bill to-day. The subject has
been referred to the Judiciary Committee; and the
first ground on which application was made to in-
crease the salaries of judges in certain States, was
because a judge in one State was required to dis-
cbarge duties m another, where labor was great.
That brought the question directly before the Ju-
diciary Committee, and my colleague, [Mr. Ber-
rif.k,] who is absent, but who is conversant with
the subject, is now overlooking the whole matter,
in order to regulate the salaries of these Federal
officers throughout the United States. We are
asked to pass this bill first. Why, this is the last
bill on the subject winch was reported from the
committee. There were three reported before it
in point of time. The first of these bills on the
Calendar is m relation to ihe salary of the judge
for rhe district of Massachusetts. Now, I hope
the Senator from New Hampshire will not think
hard of me if I remind him of what he said this
morning, when he announced that he had but one
i year longer to remain here, and that he wished to
say to his constituents that lie had seen business
'' done in order for one day at least; and yet here he
■, is, having this bill taken up out of its order, and
, asking tn hove it passed through.
I Here is n great question to be decided; and I
, agree with the Senator from Arkansas, that it is
; one of principle. Say what we please about it,
the salary of no jiutee of this description should
: exceed the salary of the State judges. That is the
. principle to which 1 would adhere; and I would
; make the salaries of these various judges equal to
I the salaries of the judges of the States in which
| they reside. There is a principle involved in this
i matter. If we hold out larger inducements than
' the States, we shall command for the service of
the United States the best talent, and leave the
States that of a secondary order. These, how-
' ever, are mere suggestions. My colleague, I ex-
pect, will present a plan to do equal justice upon
a £<mernl principle to all the judges. He may
' provide hot the salary of a judge m the State of
New Hampshire shall be regulated by the salary
1 of the chief justice, if you please, of the State.
1 So of every State m the Union. I trust that we
■' shall now adjourn, and await the report of the
, committee, which I hope will put all these bills in
; o/ie, and enihie us to have some regularity m our
i legislation on these salanes.
'Mi. BRADBURY. The Senator from New
• Hampshire made a remark which might lead to a
1 misapprehension, that ihe several hills which had
. been reported, had been reported because they
: were distinguished from the mass of applications.
1 Mr. HALE. I did not say so.
Mr. BRADBURY. That seemed to be the in-
ference from your remarks. They were l eported
first, before it was known that the applications
were to be so general. After the application was
! general, the inquiry presented itself to the commit-
tee, whether there ought not to be a general exam-
ination, in order to establish the salaries upon
some general principle; and it is true that the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] had that subject
in charge. Having left the Senate for some time,
unless his return is a speedy one, the committee
will undoubtedly proceed to consider the whole
subject. There was a case which was one that
required, if any one did, early action, and that
was the case of the district judge of the southern
district of Florida.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOCJSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 29, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of the States for petitions.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution, which I send to the Clerk's desk, and
ask that it may be read.
It was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the House proceed to dispose of th«
bills from the Senate on the Speaker's table, giving priority
to such as shall not give rise to debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, unless the bills
upon the Speaker's table be taken up in their reg-
ular order. If that is to be the order, I have no
objection.
Mr. BROWN. Then I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to offerthe resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the resolution be so
amendable, if the rules are suspended to receive
it, as to provide for clearing the Speaker's table in
the regular order? If the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Brown] will put it in that shape I shall
have no objection to it.
The SPfiAKER. If the rules be suspended it
will be competent for the House so to amend the
resolution.
Mr. BROWN. If the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Cmngman"] will lend me his ear for
a moment, 1 think 1 can show him that the reso-
lution, as it now stands, will fully accomplish his
purpose. It only proposes first to dispose of those
bills which shall give rise to no debate, and then
of the others.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Does the resolution so
specify?
The SPEAKER. The resolution provides that
such bills as shall not give rise to debate, shaH
have priority.
Mr. BROWN. Then of course the others fol-
low immediately after.
The SPEAKER. It provides, also, for dis-
posing of all the business upon the Speaker's ta-
ble.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to know whether, by
implication, it is possible, under the resolution, to
bring any other bills or resolutions before the
House?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible that the res-
olution can do so.
Mr. FOWLER. Then I am satisfied.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, I desire to in-
quire whether the resolution provides for taking
up all the business upon the Speaker's table?
Mr. BROWN. Only bills from the Senate.
Mr. STANTON. I)oes it provide for taking
up those which shall give rise to debate?
The SPEAKER. It does, but gives preference
to those which shall not give rise to debate.
Mr. BROWN. My object is first to dispose of
those Senate hills which cannot possibly give rise
to debate. Let us first dispose of them, and then
the others will come up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would suggest
that the resolution be so modified that only those
bills be taken up to which there is no objection to
their reference, and which shall not give rise to de-
bate. I do not want the Hons* to be forced to
vote on any of them under the operation of the
previous question.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to submit a state-
ment to the House, and I hope it will influence
gentlemen in their votes upon the suspension of
the rules for introducing this resolution. I have
a bill ready to report, from the Committee on Na 
val Affairs, relative to discipline and to promote
good conduct in the naval service. The East
