1774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
already,be^ft paid over to the Government; and
paid, too, under circumstances which did not re-
quire it of them more than of other companies
■which have been exempt.
I am looking at my smiling friend from Iowa,
[Mr. Podge,] and want to remind him that we,
in Georgia, have not had a particle of aid in the
construction of our great railroad route. We have
not had extended to us the same degree of liber-
ality which has been shown by Congress to the
new States, nor have we asked it; all that we ask
now is justice. I call on the Senators from Iowa,
from Illinois, from Tennessee, and from Mis-
souri, and ask them whether they aj;e willing to re-
fuse us this act of justice, and to forget the benefits
conferred on them by opening a road from Geor-
gia to the banks of the Tennessee? We have
tapped the valley of the Mississippi, and, owing
to our exertions, you may now start from Wash-
ington, and travel by railroad to the banks of that
beautiful river—the Tennessee. Having execu-
ted this great work—having carried the road over
mountains, having sometimes tunneled mount-
ains, having ordered the iron, which was to have
been laid down before the act of 1842 passed, is
there anything unreasonable m our coming for-
ward and asking for the remission of the duties
paid? Is there anything wrong in it? Certainly
not. Why should not this section pass?
My friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Miller,] if
I am not mistaken, reported in favor of this claim
some few years ago, when it was ander the con-
trol of my late colleague Mr. Berrien, and it has'
been repeatedly reported on favorably.
The facts are what 1 stated them to be. Under
the law of 1832 the iron was ordered, but did not
arrive in Georgia until after the act of 1842 had
gone into Operation. Every other company, sim-
ilarly situated, has had its duties remitted—the
Central Railroad Company had its duties remit-
ted; the Munroe Railroad Company had its duties
remitted, and all that we ask is, to be put on a
par with those companies; that, having aided by
our enterprise in opening a speedy communica-
tion with the West, the few thousand dollars
which we paid, in the shape of duties, may be
refunded, as has been done in all other cases.
The losses of the company have been great, and
render them more urgent in demanding that meas-
ure of justice, which, I am sure, no member of
this body can deny, after having accorded it to all
others. Certainly, no one can refuse that to one
section of the country which has been done for
another.
Mr. ATCHISON. By way of reciprocating
the extreme liberality always shown by the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] to the West,
and particularly in relation to the public lands, I
will make this proposition to .him: If he will ac-
cept, in lieu of the money paid by way of duties
upon this railroad iron, lands that have been of-
fered for sale at $1 25 per acre, I will give it my
consideration.
Mr. DAWSON. I have one word to say in
reply. It is the honor of the Government that I
am desirous of protecting. We paid the duties
in money, and the Government surely would not
wish us to take the value of it in lands.
Mr. ATCHISON. The Senatoreharges §2 50
per acre for public lands when we make a bargain
for some, particularly for railroad routes; and I
thought I was conferring a favor on him by sug-
gesting the possibilty of his getting lands at a rea-
sonable rate. He estimates these public lands
much higher than we do; indeed, much higher
than money, and I conceived that I was making
u very liberal proposition.
Mr. COOPER. After the very pathetic appeal
made by my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,]
I feel very great reluctance in opposing his amend-
' tnent. However, notwithstanding his appeal, I
shall have to put myself in the same category with
that of my colleague, [Mr. Brodhead.] I am
opposed to the amendment offered by the honor-
able Senator from Georgia; although, as I under-
stand the proposition, I am not opposed to that
of the Senator from Mississippi, relating to the
West Feliciana Railroad Company. I understand
that that comes under the provisions of an act
passed a number of years ago, by which the du-
ties were designed to be remitted on iron imported
for certain railroads. The amendment proposed
by the Senator from Georgia does not follow the
principle of the law to which I have just referred;
and although I have no doubt that a few thou-
sand dollars put into the pocket of this great com-
pany would enable it to extend its operations and
divide larger profits to the stockholders, yet when
I begin to grant bounties, I shall not grant them
to great corporations. I am in favor of protec-
tion to American industry so far as protection can
be afforded by discrimination in levying duties.
If I could abandon the principle at all, it would
not be in favor of great corporations; it would be
in favor of those who we are told suffer from the
imposition of the duties. Sir, on some other oc-
casion Lmay attempt to prove to the Senate that
the imposition of duties does not.always, nor even
generally, enhance the price, but that it has a con-
trary effect. It is very easy to show, too, by ref-
erence to particular articles, for instance, tile article
of nails, that a duty of four cents per pound was
at one time imposed, ajid very speedily we
brought the whole price down to three and one
fourth cents per pound. That is but one illustra-
tion of the effect to which I have referred. But I
believe, that whilst I am willing to grant that
which the principle of the act of 1836 intended to
grant, I am not willing to go any further, and give
bounties to these great corporations.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would inquire of tha
Senator from Georgia whether the amendment
which he proposes has ever been acted upon by a
committee of this body ?
Mr. DAWSON. 1 understand that it has been
acted upon several years ago; and 1 believe the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Miller] can
verify the fact. I have been referred by the Hon.
John P. King to papers stating all these facts, and
alleging their existence.
I regret very much to hear the Senator from
Pennsylvania express the idea that the duties on
iron do not enter into the prices paid. If that be
true, then no protection is wanted upon iron. But
my impression was that the duties were paid by
the consumer. That is niy position; but we will
not controvert that point. I wish, however, to
state the facts in regard to this case a little further.
In 1832, a law was passed permitting railroad iron
to come in free of duty. That law remained in
force for five years, and it was extended for five
years more, namely, till 1842, when it was al-
tered, permitting, however, all railroad iron which
had been then ordered, or was on the way, to be
admitted duty free. Some of this iron was not
laid Jown for three or four years after this altera-
tion of the law, owing to the poverty of" the corn-
panies„and yet the duty was remitted upon it.
That grew out of the character of the times. Now,
here are Senators on this floor, from every State
of the Union, all of which began their improve-
ments about that time, and I ask if a single com-
pany, in any one State, has been required to pay
the duties, or if they have paid them under the cir-
cumstances prescribed by the act of 1842, whether
they have not been remitted? Yes, sir, all of
them. These are the only two exceptions. The
Georgia.railroad is a private company. On the
rails laid along part of this great line the duties
were remitted; but on this other part they were
not remitted, owing to the facts I have stated. Now,
gentlemen say that, having got so much, why
should we ask for more? But, sir, see what the
little State of Georgia has done with her own cap-
ital! She has carried out this great link at an
enormous expense; and if we are disposed to en-
courage the States to make these internal improve-
ments, which are useful to the whole nation, this
is certainly one of them. Gentlemen talk about
having a connecting link from Boston to Louisi-
ana. What State in the whole Union has done :
more than Georgia to carry out such a link?
What State has expended more millions for the
public convenience than that State ? Massachu-
setts, I understand,«is the first State in the Union
in regard to railroads; New York, I believe, is
next; I believe Pennsylvania is next, and Georgia
is the next to Pennsylvania.
Now, let me mention another fact. For years
our stock was a perfect'sacrifice. The original j
constructors of these roads lost fifty per cent, on
the value of their stock. They realized no div-
idends for years, an& still, through their energy
and perseverance, with the view of accomplishing
the purpose originally intended, they did carry
that purpose out. I believe, however, the Senate
has no disposition to debate the matter any further.
A Senator. What is the amount?
Mr. DAWSON. I do not know, but the matter
is to be brought entirely within the provisions
which have applied to. all the other bills which
have been passed; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is to say whether all the facts are as alleged, •
so as to bring this case *within the provisions of
the law which has been provided for cases of this
kind. He is to decide, after an examination of
the facts, whether it comes within the principle.
We have surrounded that principle in every way,
with every safeguard, for the protection of the
Treasury. This matter does not at all interfere
with the iron interest; and even if the money is
taken out of the Treasury, that ought to be no
reason why the iron interest should oppose it. I
dislikp to see the iron interest get into a squabble
about so small a matter as this.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris
in the chair.) The Chair will suggest that this
debate is not in order, as there is nothing at this
moment before the committee. It will be better
to allow the bill to be reported to the Senate, as
the amendment has been agreed to in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. Then let the bill be reported to
the Senate.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the question is taken
on concurring in the amendment, I want to make
an inquiry from the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. HALE. I am entitled to the floor. I
yielded in consequence of the Chair having in-
formed me that there was nothing before the com-
mittee.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, and the question recurred on concurring
in the amendment.
Mr. HALE. Let the amendment be read.
It was accordingly read.
Mr. HALE. I heard but a little of the remarks
of the Senator from Georgia, and what I did hear
pleased me so-much, that I regret that I did not
hear more. But I believe that Senator is right in
saying that Congress has uniformly released the
duties in cases of this sort. Under these circum-
stances, if the iron was ordered under alaw which
admitted it free of duty, in the expectation that it
would be received under the operation of that law,
and there fras a failure to receive it prior to the
passage of a new act changing the terms on which
it might be received and imposing duties, Congress
has remitted the duties. I am willing to go as far
as that now; but 1 wish to have the assurance that
such is the fact with reference to this bill. We
do not know when the iron was ordered, or when
it was received, but we are called upon to pass an
act, provided the Secretary of the Treasury shall
be satisfied that the rails were received at the time
that certain other rails were received. The Sen-
ator from Georgia shall have my vote, if he can
show that the iron was ordered under a law which
would admit it free of duty, or with a low duty,
and that from any casuality it failed to be received
till a higher duty was fixed, as I am for imposing
only such a duty as would have been proper when
the iron was ordered; but that is not shown.
Mr. MILLER. As I reported this bill to the
Senate, I wish to. make a few remarks. By the
act of 1832, Congress declared that the duties on
any xailroad iron imported and laid down within
three years after the passage of that act should bs
remitted. Congress extended the terms of that
act to 1845, I think. In this case, all the iron was
imported within the time. Part of it was lost in
the Mississippi river, by the sinking of the steam-
boat which was transporting it to New Orleans,
and, of course, could not belaid down. Thecom-
pany could not give their affidavit that the iron
had been laid down; hence the necessity of an act
to relieve them in that respect. The remainder
of the iron, as the petitioners stated, was not laid
down within the three years, owing to difficulties
from pressure in the money market, which they
did not anticipate, and for other sufficient reasons.
But it was all afterwards laid down upon their
own road. As Congress has remitted the duties
in numerous cases of a similar character, and as
this comes within the spirit of the act of 1832, I
think it should pass. In the case of the company
in Georgia, I believe the iron wasi ordered previ-
ous to the passage of the act of 1842.
Mr. DAWSON. It was in 1841.
Mr. MILLER. But I think it did not get into
