1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
gets but twelve dollars a month, while a sailor in
the merchant service gets from sixteen to eighteen
dollars per month. It is hardly possible, under
this state of things, that the bestclass of American
sailors can be induced to enter the naval service.
The effect of this provision is, that after a sailor has
served for two years, and receives a good conduct
discharge, upon his again entering into the service,
he receives a bonus of three months' extra pay,
as a reward upon his second enlistment, for his
good conduct during; his first term of service. This
is a slight addition to his pay; but 1 think it will
have a happy effect, and it will not then give the
best sailor in the Navy as much pay as he would
receive were he in the merchant seivice, at the
highest rate of wages paid in that service.
I presume there will hardly be any objection
to that portion of the bill, which provides that after
a sailor has been in the service twenty years, and
has received good conduct discharges at the termin-
ation of every period of Ms enlistment, he shall
be received into, and entitled to the provisions of,
the naval asylum for life, with half of the monthly
wages of his last period of enlistment. This ben-
efit is only given in a case where a sailor has been
twenty years in the service, and during the whole
period has received good conduct discharges.
in addition to that, it is known to every one that
the very last thing a sailor will do, who is fit for
service, is to remain on shore, when he is able to
go to sea; and therefore the operation of this por-
tion of the bill will be, to give the benefits of this
asylum, and half pay, only to those sailors who
are unable to go to sea, and who have discharged
their duties well for a continuous period of twenty
years. It is not probable that any able seaman,
however long he may have served in the United
States Navy, will ever claim the advantages of
these provisions. It will be an advantage only
to those who h *ve worn themselves out in the ser-
vice by a faithful discharge of duty for at least
twenty years. I will simply say in addition, that
the passage of this bill is deemed very important,
both by the Secretary of the Navy, and by the
commanders of those squadrons about to go to
sea; and also by all the officers of the Navy now
in the United States, so far as their opinions have
teen made known.
Mr. STUART. As nearly as I could under-
derstand from the reading of that bill, there are
several things in it, which I could not consent to
vote for. But my object now is, to suggest some
mode, if I can, by which this bill may be passed,
if the House decide to pass it, within a very short
time, and at the same time allow the bill to be
printed so that we can examine it.
A Voice. Move to print, and postpone the
consideration of the bill to some other day.
Mr. STUART. What I am disposed to sug-
gest is this, that it be postponed to some particular
day, by unanimous consent, and taken up within
the morning hour, so as not to interfere with the
special order, which comes up to-monow. It will
then be printed to-morrow morning, and we can
have an opportunity to look at it, and be aMe to
vote advisedly; for I confess, if pressed to vote
upon this bill now, with the very imperfect under-
standing which I could get from hearing it read, I
should vote against it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I have no ob-
jection to the postponement of this bill to some
early day, when it can be taken up so that gentle-
men can have a fair opportunity to examine and
understand it. I had thought that the provisions
of the bill were so simple 
Mr. BOCOCK, (interrupting.) I desire to in-
quire of the Chair, if the special order does not
take the precedence in the morning hour as well
as at any hour, and if there is any way by which
-this bill can take the precedence of the special or-
der, except by the unanimous consent of the
House, or by going into Committee of the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. It will take precedence only
by unanimous consent, or by the House going
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The special order is in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and not in
the House.
Mr. STUART. I propose to move to postpone
the consideration of this bill until Thursday morn-
ing, and that it be printed, in order to give us an
opportunity to look into it, and then gentlemen
will be prepared on that day to vote for it one way
or the other.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Ihavenoob-
jecuon to a postponement for a few days, if it be
under such circumstances that the bill will be cer-
j tainly taken up then and disposed of.
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Will this in-
\ terfere with the special order already pending?
j The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent
of the House. It will be competent, however, for
a majority of the House, at any time, to go into
the Committee of the Whole upon the special or-
der. If, on the other hand, however, the House
choose to remain m the House to consider this
bill, it can do so, and thus would it set aside the
special order.
Mr. JOHNSON I understand this is merely
a proposition to postpone until the morning hour
on Thursday.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I cannot con-
sent to any postponement of this bill, if it is to be
a matter of doubt whether it will be taken up, as
it is known that a portion of the Pacific squadron
will sail during this week, on Wednesday next;
and it is exceedingly important that this bill should
be acted upon previous to that time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Can the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Siuart] take the flooi and farm it out to
every one who wishes to speak upon this bill ? 1
object to that proceeding. He cannot yield the
floor for an amendment, except by unanimous
consent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Stuart] yields the floor to the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Hall] for explanation,
and the Chair cannot decide that to be out of or-
der.
The Chair would say to the gentleman from
Tennessee, that the universal practice in the House
has been, when one member has the floor, to yield
it for explanation to others, he having a right to
the floor for one hour. So the Chair understands it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If not objected
to; but when objected to it has been ruled here
uniformly that he cannot yield the floor for the
purpose of offering an amendment. He may yield
it for personal explanation—personal to the gen-
tleman to whom he yields the floor—but he has
not a right to make a speech upon the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds the practice
has been for the purpose of yielding it for expla-
nation connected with the subject-matter before
the House. This has been, I believe, the universal
practice. It is a different case to yield the floor
for the purpose of amendments; that may be ob-
jected to.
Mr. HALL. I wish to make a few observations
as to the matters contained in this bill.
Mr. JONES. I must object to the gentleman
making a speech upon this bill within the speech
of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
and I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee, and decides that the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] having the floor for one
hour, may yield it, for explanation, to other gen-
tlemen upon the floor.
Mr. JONES. I must appeal from that decision,
and let the House determine whether gentlemen
can take the lloor and farm it out to others.
Mr. HALL. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the yeas and nays.
They were not ordered.
The question being on the motion to lay the
bill upon the table, it was put, and, on a division, \
there appeared—ayes 83, noes 30; no quorum '
voting. j
Mr. TAYLOR called for tellers, which were !
ordered; and Messrs* Cljxgmax and Hibbaf.d ;
were appointed.
Mr. HAVEN". Will the Chair state what the
question is?
The SPEAKER. Yes. The gentleman from
Michigan being upon the floor and addressing
the House, was appealed to by the gentleman
from Missouri to make an explanation connect- •
ed with the subject-matter under debate; the 1
gentleman from Michigan yielding, as request- j
ed, the gentleman from Missouri was called to i
order by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones.] The Chair overruled the question of or- i
der raised by the gentleman from Tennessee, and i
decided that it had, according to the practice of!
the House, been common for gentlemen, having
the floor for one hour, to yield it to other gentle-
men who might wish to make explanations within
that hour. From that decision thegentleman, from
Tennessee takes an appeal, and the gentleman
from Missouri moves to lay the appeal upon*the -
table. - „ -
The question was then again taken on the mo-
tion to lay the appeal upon the table, and the tellers
reported—ayes 93, noes 30.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. HALL. I only wish to ask thegentleman
j from Michigan to change his motion from a mo-
i tion to postpone this bill, for a motion to refer ifc
i to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
! Union.
| Mr. JONES. I submit whether that is an ex~
i planation.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
1 tleman from Missouri is in order.
Mr. JONES. It is not an explanation.
Mr. HALL. The reason, sir, why I wish to
make this proposition, or, rather, this change in
his motion, is, that there is a part of this bill, the
fourth section, which proposes to establish an en-
tirely new principle; by which to grant pensions
to sailors in the Navy of the United States. It
proposes that every sailor who serves in the Uni-
ted States Navy twenty years, with credit and
' good conduct, shall receive a pension of half-pay
■ during the remainder of his life. Now, I think
' if you once admit that principle in the Navy, you
' will ha\e to establish the same principle in the
Army, and give your soldiers half-pay during the
remainder of their lives. Then, our officers wiil
come in and claim their share. I therefore think,
sir, this being a matter of such importance, that
some discussion should take place with regard
to it.
Mr. JONES. 1 rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is discussing the bill, and not
making an explanation.
Mr. HALL. I have done.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The effect of
that clause is simply to change, and, in my judg-
ment, to restrict, the principle upon which sailors
' are now admitted into the naval asylum. They
are admitted now, [ do not know exactly upon
what principle. They are admitted after twenty
years' service, whether good or bad sailors.
Whether sailors have good conduct or bad con-
duct noted, there is no distinction; for they are
all, under certain circumstances, admitted into our
naval asylum. I understand, from the represent-
ations which have been made to me, that there are
upwards of one hundred sailors in our naval asy-
lum at Philadelphia, who are admitted, under cer-
tain circumstances, after having served twenty
i years in the Navy. But under this provision, they
i are admitted only after serving twenty years, and
i after having received a good conduct discharge,
I commencing from the time of their enlistment, to
; the period when they are discharged. That is the
• restriction.
| The SPEAKER. I would inquire of the gen-
| tleman from Michigan, whether he has submitted
1 any distinct motion m regard to this bill ?
I Mr. STUART. I submit this motion, and I
i wish to make an inquiry of the Speaker m re-
i gard to the effect of it, to see if I understand it
j properly myself. My motion was, that by unan-
i imous consent, the House postponed the consid-
I eration of this bill until Thursday morning next,
I and that it come up in the morning hour. My
j belief was that that motion would make it the
! order of business immediately after the reading of
1 the Journal on Thursday, and would not interfeie
with the special order. If the House now, by
! common consent, make such an order, I would
1 inquire of the Chair if I am correct or not?
; The SPEAKER. The proper way to reach
that, would be to postpone the special oiders for
j an hour, or to a given time, and make this a spe-
I cial order in its stead. The Chair, however,
would say that the special order for to-morrow is
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
, Union. It is in the power of the House to go
into or stay out of the committee. If the House
choose to remain in the House, and dispose of
this bill, they mav do so.
Mr. STUART. That was my view of the
, matter. It would leave the hill under the control
, of a majority of the House.
i The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that under
