LXXXII
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
By the act to create three additional land districts in
the State of Iowa. (Ch. 77.)
Three registers and three receivers authorized to be ap-
pointed, who shall be entitled to the same fees, &.C., pro-
vided in other cases.
By an act to amend an act entitled {'Jin act to provide
for the better security-of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam,,f and for other purposes. (Ch. 106.)
Nine supervising inspectors, to be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, each
of whom to receive an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars, in addition to his actual reasonable traveling ex-
penses.
By an act making appropriations" for light-houses, j
light-boats, buoys, &>c., and providing for the erec- :
tion and establishment of the same, and for other j
ptoses. (Ch. 112.) |
A Light-Ifouse Board authorized to be appointed by the i
President, composed of two officei s of the Navy, one officer j
of the Corps of Engineers of the Army, one officer of the j
Topographical Engineers, and two civilians: the Secretary I
of the Treasury to be ex officio president of the hoard ; the \
TJnited States to constitute twelve districts, and an officer
of the Army or Navy to be assigned as a light-bouse in-
spector to each district; the legal allowance for traveling
expenses to be made to the persons appointed as officers of
the Light-House Board, and as inspectors, but no other ad-
dition to their pay as officers of the Army and Navy.
By the act to constitute Alton, in the State of Illinois,
a port of delivery. (Ch. 144.)
One surveyor of the customs to be appointed for the port
of Alton, to rcceive the salary and emoluments provided by
an act of Congress of 2d March. 1831.
A surveyor of the customs to be appointed for each of the
following ports, viz: Burlington in Iowa; Galena in Il-
linois ; and Knoxvillc in Tennessee, to receive the salaries
and emoluments of surveyors provided for iu the act of 2d
March, 1831.
A surveyor authorized to be rippointed for the port of Jef-
ferson, in New York, who shall be entitled to the salary and
emoluments provided tor m other cases.
By the act (ch. 66) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30<& of June, 1852.
For temporary clerks in the office of the Third Auditor,
$11,800 appropriated; no salary from this fund to excecd
l,OUO per annum, except two, at $1,200 each.
For temporary clerks in the office of the Third Auditor of
the Post Office Department, $1,000 appropriated.
By the act (ch. 108) making appropriations for the
civil and'diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1853.
A clet k of the " Sergeant-at-Arms,"' to receive a salary
of $1,500.
Three bead gaugers for the port of New Orleans, at a sal-
ary of ,500 each. •
An associate Jaw-agent for California, whose compensa-
tion shall be the same as that of the law-agent, and not ex-
ceeding §5,0:10 each.'
Five additional clerks authorized in the Post Office De-
partment; one at an annual salary of §1,603, two at an
annual salary of $1,200, and one at an annual salary of
$ 1,000.
A clerk for the Treasurer of the branch Mint at San Fran-
cisco, at a salary of §2,500 per annum.
A clerk in the office of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, at a salary of $1,000 per annum.
By the act making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department for the year ending the 30//i
of June, 1853. (Ch. 111.)
Two resident agents authorized on the Isthmus of Pana-
ma, each of whom allowed, for salary and personal ex-
penses, a sum not exceeding $3,000 per annum.
III. THE OFFICES THE SALARIES OF WHICH HAVE
BEEN INCREASED, WITH THE AMOUNT OF SUCH
INCREASE.
By the act to make land warrants assignable, and for
other purposes. (Ch. 10.)
Registers and receivers allowed to receive for their ser-
vices in locating military bounty land warrants, issued since
1847, the compensation or per ceutage allowed on sales of
land for cash, to be paid by the assignees or holders of such
warrants.
By the act making app opriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1853. (Ch. 109 )
The annual salary of the secretary of the Naval Academy
at Annapolis, increased to $1,250.
The pay of the chaplains of the Navy shall be $1,000 per
annum on leave or waiting orders, and $1,500 while on duty.
The navy agent at Memphis—performing, in addition to
his own, the duties of purser—to be allowed and paid the
annual salary of a purser on duty of tiie second class, [in
lieu of commissions.]
The a^Mstant to the purser at the navy yard at Kittery,
Maine—discharging the duties of clerk and steward—to re-
ceive $750 per annum.
The first clerks to the commandants of the navy-yards at
Norfolk, New York, and Boston, to rcceive respectively an
annual salary of $1,000.
The second clerks to the commandants at the same yards
to receive le^pectively $800 per annum.
The additional allowance or percentage made to the
clerks in the executive and legislative departments at
Washington; also made to the clerks employed at the
navy-yard and marine barracks in the city of Washington.
By the act [ch. 68] to authorize the President of the
United States to designate the places for the ports qf
entry and delivery for the collection district of Pxtr-
get's sound and Umpqua, in the Territory of Ore-
gon, and to fx the compensation of the collector of
Astoria, in said Territory.
The compensation of the collector at Astoria fixed at
$3,000 per annum, including fees of office.
By the act [ch. 110] making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1853.
Paymasters' clerks to receive one ration per day wheu
on duty at their stations.
By the act [ch. 81] making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1853, and for other purposes.
The assistant professor of French and drawing to receive
the pay and emoluments of the other professors.
By the act [ch. 108] making appropriations for tht
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th Juney 1853.
The disbursing clerk and the draughtsman of the Patent
Office allowed $300 additional compensation each.
Two additional permanent clerks in the Patent Office, at
a salary of $1,400 each.
The four messengers employed in the post office of the
House of Representatives to be allowed $1,000 each per
annum, commencing with the Thirty-second Congress.
The clerks, messenger®, watchmen, and laborers, whose
annual compensation does not exceed twelve hundred dol-
lars, to rcceive an addition of twenty per cent. Those re-
ceiving over twelve hundred, and less than sixteen hundred
dollars, to receive an addition of ten percent.: Provided,
No one shall receive more than sixteen hundred dollars per
annum. [The provision for this increase of compensation
is limited to one year.]
The pay of the deputy naval officers at Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and New Orleans, to
<•2,000 each per annum.
The salary of the chief clerk in the office of the assistant
treasurer of the United States, in New York, to be $1,&09
per annum; and the salary of each of the other clerks to be
$1,200.
By the act [ch. Ill] making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during tht
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1853, and for
other puiyoscs.
The salaries of route agents increased to $1,000 per aa-
num.
