1776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
recognized this power in Congress,.and have given
it their sanction and approval. The numerous in-
stances in which similar grants have been made
by Congress, and approved by the Executive,
coming down to us through our country's politi-
cal history, have been so often referred to in de-
bate during the present-session, I regard it as a
work of supererogation were I to' call the atten-
tion of th« House to them again. It is sufficient
forme to say that I am not embarrassed by a sin-
gle doubt as to the constitutional power of Con-
gress to make th&e grants. It is, to my mind,
clearly a question of policy, of expediency, and
as such I intend to treat it.
By casting your eye over the map of the coun-
try, you will see that the cities of Philadelphia,
Columbus in Ohio, Indianapolis and Terre
Haute in Indiana, and Hannibal and St. Joseph
in Missouri, are nearly on the same parallel of
latitude; a line of railroad on this route would
open a direct communication between the Atlantic
cities and the heart of the fertile region of the
upper Mississippi. Within the next eighteen
months that part of this line of-road will be com-
pleted from Philadelphia to Indianapolis; between
Indianapolis and Terre Haute the road is in oper-
ation; between Springfield and Q.uincy a great
portion of the road is finished, and the balance
rapidly progressing towards completion. The
grant of lands to the State of Missouri made
during the present session, and to which lhave be
TvrifU 4 U a .a o...n i .  I * _ 1 _ ^ .1. . i " 1
../ore referred, with the private capit^of that rich
and enterprising State, will at once~nab!e her to
construct the road from Hannibal to St. Joseph,
thereby making this great chain complete, except
that part between Terre Haute and Springfield,
a distance of one hundred and twenty-six miles.
The object of the bill under consideration is to
supply this link.
Prom a statement prepared at the General Land
Office, and now in my possession, it is estimated
^that about sixty-one thousand acres of land will
*be granted by the passage of this bill, a portion
of which have been in market and subject to pri-
vate entry since 1816, and the residue'since 1823.
They are refuse lands, situated in the middle of a
vast prairie, and utterly worthless to the Govern-
ment; but, sir, pass this bill, aid the private en-
terprise of the country to add this last link to
this great national thoroughfare which must in a
few years be continued westward to the Pacific
ocean, and they will at once become valuable, and
find a ready market at the minimum price of
$2 50 per acre, as fixed by this bill. They will
be settled and brought into cultivation by an en-
ergetic and enterprising people, who, by their
labor and industry, will add something to the
wealth and prosperity of the country. They will
no longer remain a barren waste, valueless to the
Government, and an obstacle and barrier to the
settlement and improvement of the West.
But it is contended that the value of the alter-
nate sections reserved to the Government by the
proviSions.of this bill wiil not be increased in value.
My experience, sir, compels me to a conclusion
directly opposite. In my State about four hun-
dred miles of railroad have already been con-
structed. The value of real estate immediately
contiguous to these roads, without a single excep-
tion, has been augmented from one to three hun-
dred per cent., and I think I might safely challenge
gentlemen to point to me a single instance where
the like result has not been produced by like causes.
Let me ask them, would not this principle apply
with peculiar force to the case under consideration ?
These lands are as rich and fertile as any upon
which the sun shines; but situated as they are—
forming a part of an extensive plain, remote from
timber, stone, and, other materials for inclosing,
building, and other purposes—it is unreasonable
to suppose that they will be purchased from the
Government while millions of acres of lands
equally rich and fertile, possessing all these ad-
vantages, can be bought at the same price. But
assure to the purchaser of these lands a facility
of access and speedy communication with the
markets, and I can assure you, sir, that no lands
in the Western world will be sought after with
greater avidity. These, sir, are some of the ben-
. eficial effects to be produced by the passage of this
bill. I do not exaggerate or overestimate them. I
speak from a full knowledge of the facts, acquired
by a life spent in the West; and he who doubts
the truth of my conclusions knows hut little of
July 14.
Western people, and the effect of such improve-
ments upon the value of western lands.
I have intimated that this road is, in its charac-
ter, national. I repeat it, sir. Completed from
Philadelphia to St. Joseph, it will be the longest
direct line of railroad on the globe—fourteen hun-
dred miles in length. Passing through the eenter,
or nearly so, of the States of Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri, a country une-
qualed upon the face of the earth in its agricultural
and manufacturing resource's, and all the elements
of wealth and greatness—about mid-way between
the lakes of the North and the Ohio- river—con-
nected by railroads with Boston, New York, Balti-
more, and other Atlantic cities—it will unite with
the road from Louisville to Nashville and Savan-
nah; to Charleston on the South, and by innumer-
able roads with the lakes of the North. By the
completion of this road a Communication and trade
hitherto unknown will be opened between these'
distant regions, binding them together still more
closely by the ties of interest, and promoting the
common welfare of all. Nature, sir, has marked
this as the great overland line of travel from the
East to the West. Let me ask gentlemen, if this
be not sufficient to stamp it as a work somewhat
national in its character ?
The bill is objected to because the lands sought
to be approisriated he within the State of Illinois,
that State having heretofore been liberally pro-
vided for. True, sir, these lands are all within
the borders of Illinois; there.is not'an acre of them
within the State of Indiana. She received, a few
years since, one million six hundred and nine
thousand acres of land, to aid her in extending the
Wabash and Erie canal to the Ohio river. 1 am
proud on this occasion, as one of her Representa-
tives, to express the gratitude she still feels for
that munificentgrant, every acre of which has been
faithfully applied to its legitimate purposes. And
more, sir; that canal will be completed during the
present yeatvand-the waters of the lakes will min-
gle with those of the Ohio. But, sir, is this objec-
tion well taken? The advantages of this grant
will not inure to the exclusive benefit of Illinois.
She does not come here pressing this bill. Mis-
souri, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and other
States, have quite as deep an interest in the success
of the measure as Illinois.
Now, if the measure be right and just, if the
general interest of the country is to be advanced,
will gentlemen give it their opposition on the
ground alone that the interest of Illinois too is to
be promoted by its success ? Again, sir, the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers are national in their char-
acter. Will gentlemen oppose impropriations of the
public money for the improvement of these rivers,
because thereby the interest of the States contig-
uous to them may be advanced in a greater ratio,
than the more remote States of the Union? I trust
n°l- by 'he passage of this bill,-sir, a link
shall be added to a chain of great national com-
munication, if its own merits commend it to the
favoraWe consideration of the House, I would en-
treat gentlemen to support it as a measure for the
good of the common country.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have listened v#ith pain to the
sectional turn gentlemen have* in the course of
debate, attempted to give these railroad proposi-
tions. I have heard with regret the terms " West-
ern interests," " Western rapacity," "Western
land piracy," applied to them. I cannot consent
to pass them by in silence; I would be unworthy
of a seat in this Hzril if I did so. These remarks
are gratuitous and out of place; they come with
an ill grace from gentlemen whose States have
shared so largely in the bounty of theGovernment,
for constructiug harbors, light-houses, break-
waters, and other important national improve-
ments, out of moneys, too, paid into the common
Treasury by the western and southwestern States
as a tribute for the privilege of settling, subduing,
and bringing under cultivation the western wilds.
In all these appropriations, the West has been-
governed by a generous and liberal policy. No
charge that the public interest had been retarded
by the advancement of sectional interests has ever
been heard from her Representatives on this floor,
to my knowledge, nor will it ever be unless it be
in self-defense.
Now, sir, let me tell gentlemen, that if this sys-
tem of debate is to be persisted in, if western
improvements and western measures are to be
opposed upon sectional grounds, the West will take
care of herself. It is said that " power is always
stealing from the many to the few." This remark
is peculiarly applicable to the present case, for the
time is not far distant when thevoice of the West
will be more potent in these Halls than it is now.
Sir, I deplore sectional issues of every kind; we
are a common brotherhood, seeking thesame high
destiny. No great measure of public policy can
,be adopted by this Government affecting the in-
terests of one section, either for weal or for wo,
without at the same time, to some extent, affect-
ing the interests of the rest. Were I, sir, to seek
a motto giving full expression to the sentiments of
my own heart, it would be: " The North, the
South, the East, the West, and the Center, one
and inseparable, now and forever."
I have doubtless manifested some feeling and
anxiety for the passage of this bill, but am un-
conscious of being governed by local or selfish
considerations.
I desire, in conclusion, sir, to address a few
words to those gentlemen who supported the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph railroad bill. That work
will be almost valueless without the connection
which will be provided for by the passage of this
bill. It cannot exist without it. It is the East-
ern trade and the Eastern travel which is to sus-
tain it. Such were the views taken by the hon-
orable gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] in
his able speech delivered in this House during the
present" session. Such, sir, are my views, and
such must inevitably be the conclusion of every
gentleman who will calmly and dispassionately
investigate the subject.
Gentlemen seem at a loss to understand why it
is that the new States have, withiri so short a pe-
riod, from a mere handful of hardy pioneers, scat-
tered over a vast, unbroken, and primitive wilder-
ness, become nopulous, wealthy, and powerful;
and m seeking¥ora solution of the problem, have,
no doubt honestly, arrived at the conclusion that
this wonderful spectacle is the result of favors be-
stowed upon them by the Government. Thecon-
clusion is erroneous. Were it possible for these
genilemen to go with me to the West, I would
give them a practical answer. Sir, I would point
them to the prairie and the forest; to the rich and
fertile soil; to the exhaustless mineral resources;
to the boundless fields of grain; to the beautiful
rivers; to the millions of intelligent, enterprising,
and industrious people, who have inherited the in-
domitable energy and patient endurance of their
lathers of .New England, the chivalrous darino* of
their ancestry in the sunny South, with the Kon-
esty and integrity of both. With such a heritage,
sir, the result need not be speculative; it could not '
be other than it has been.
I trust the bill will pass. If it be in order, I
move the previous question.
Mr. DEAN. I wish to make an inquiry of the
gentleman [Mr. Davis] before he takes his seat;
and that is, whether this road is not provided for
in the general land bill proposed by Mr. Bennett >
Mr. DAVIS. It is not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As the previous
question is called for, I move to lay the bill upon
the table. r
AVERETT. I move that there be a call
of the House, and on that motion demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion for
a call, and it was disagreed to—yeas 54, nays 114.
The question then recurred on the motion to
lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. MILLSON. I demand the yeas and nays.
±he yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move the
reference of the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
^he SPEAKER. That motion is not in order*
•the pending question being to lay the bill upon the
table. ,
Thequestion was taken on the motion to lay
the bill upon the table, and it was disagreed to—
yeas 78, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Averett, David J. Bailey,
Thomas If. Bayly, lieale, Bibjghaus, Bocock, Brasg, Buell!
Burt, Caskie, Chapman, CIiurclivvell,G'uIlom, Curtis, Dan-
JfJi- lfln?i p f1S'£?Wson' £>ookor.V*E<l'nundson,FauIk-
nei. Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord,
Giildings, Grow, Hammond, Tsliam G. Hams, Hibbard,
HUlyer, Holladay, Horsford, John W. Ilowe, Thomas Y.
Hoiv,IngersoII, Ives,Jenkins,Daniel T. Jones,Georee W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Proton King, Kurtz, Letcher,
