914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
The question was then put upon seconding1 the
demand lor the previous question, and on a divis-
ion there were—ayes 69, noes 71.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, called for tellers;
which were ordered,-and Messrs, Fowler and
Stanton, of Tennessee, appointed.
And the question being again put, the tellers re-
ported—ayes 81, noes 69.
So the previous question received a second; the
, main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. ORR moved to lay the bill upon the table;
and, on that motion, he demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
And the question being put, it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 94, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Averett, Beale, Bissell,
Brenton, Briggs, Buell, Bu&by, Joseph Cable, Thompson
Campbell, Ca^kie, Chapman, Clark, Cleveland, Cobb, Cur-
tis, Daniel, J. G. Davis, Dawson, Dnitmick, Doty, Duikee,
Edgeiton, Gwing, Fieklm, Fitch, Floyd, Fowler, Gamble,
Gaylord, Grow, £. G. Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard,
Horsford, Houston, John W. Howe, Hunter, Ives, Jenkins,
Andrew johnson, John Johnson, George W. Jones, JLt'tch-
er, Lockhait, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Mason,McLana-
han, McMullin, McQueen, Molony, Murray, Nabers, Olds,
Orr, Peaslee, Penmman, Rohbins, Robinson, Ross, Savage,
David L. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Benjamin Stanton,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stuart, Sweetser, Geojge W. Thomp-
son, Watkins, Addison White, and Wilcox—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Ashe, Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrpre, Bartlett,
Bennett, Bocoek, Bowie, Bragg, Breckinridge, Albeit G.
Brown,<*eorge R. Brown, Burrows, E- Carrington Cabell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler, Churchwcll, Chngiriau,
Couman, Cullom, George T. Davis, Dean, Eastman, Evans,
Florence.Freeman, H. M. Fuller, T. J. D. Fuller, Gentiy,
Goodenow, Gorman, Grey, Hammond, Haiper, Sampson
W. Harris, Haven, Hillyer, Ilolladay, Howard, Thomas M.
Howe, Ingersoll, Jackson, James Johnson, George G King,
Kulms, Landry, Edward C. Marshall, Martin, MeCorkle,
McDonald, Meachain, Mcadc, Miller, Milton, Miner,
Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Newton, Outlaw,
Samuel W. Parker, Perkins, Porter, Richardson, Riddle,
Sackett, Sehooleiaft, Scudder, Scurry. Origon S Seymour,
Smart, Stanly, Fiederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Abr'm P. Stevens, Sutherland, Tavlor, Benjamin Thomp-
son, Tuck, Vcnablo, YValbiidge, Wallace, Walsh, Ward,
Washburn, Welch, Weils, Alexander White, Williams,
and Woodward—93.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. MILLSON. Do 1 understand the Chair to
have decided that amotion to postpone is not now
in order?
The SPEAKER. That is the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. MILLSON. Then no amendments can be
offered.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
cut off everything, except the amendment offered
by the Committee on Naval Affairs, which was
pending at the time the previous question was de-
manded.
Mr. MILLSON. Then I shall vote against the
bill.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment reported by the committee, to strike out from
the first section, the following words: and oblig-
ing the offender to wear for any time not exceed-
ing ten days, a badge with the word ' thief' there-
on;" and the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and having been read a third time,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, demanded the
previous question on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. MILLSON called for the yeas and nays,,
and they were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
m the negative—yeas 76, nays 97, as follows:
YEAS--Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, William Anole-
ton, Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Bartlett, Bennett, Bocock
Bowie, Bragg, Bieekinridge, George II. Brown, Buriows'
E. Carnngton Cabell, Chandler, Cimgman, Cowman
George T. Davis, Dean, Dockerv, Evans, Florence Free-
man, Henry M. Fuller,Thomas J. D. Fuller. GentryGood-
enow, Goodrich, Grey, Hammond, Harper, Sam," on W.
Harris, Hart, Haven, Hillyer, Horsford, Thomas M. Howe
Jackson, James Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George G*
f ,ngJ K™hM s' Landry> Mai tin, McDonald, Meaeham*
Meade, Miller, Miner, Henrv D. Moore, Morehead Penn
Porter, Riddle, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Seudder, Scurry'
bmartj Snow, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H*
Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Sutherland, Ta\lor. Bchm'
mm Thompson, Venable, Walbrtdge, WaKh, Ward' Wash
bu£nA'■X£®lciV WelIs> Alexander While, and Williams—76
]\ AYS Messrs. Willis Allen, Allison, Averett, Bairere,
Beale, Bissell, Brenton, Bnggs, Alberto. Brown Buell
Busby, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, Thomas Camp-
bell, Caskie, Chapman, Churehwell, Claik, Cleveland,
S? ,5"r!,S' ^10li> Jo5,n6-Davw> Dawson, Dimmick,
Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, EdnmndsonJ
Fioklin, Fitch, Floyd, Fowler, Gamble, Gayloni, Gorman,
Grow, isliam G Earns, Hendricks, liemi, Hibbard, Holla-
day, Houston, (lowaid, John W. Howe, Hunter, IngersoJi,
Ives, Jenkins, Andicw Johnson, John Johnson, George W.
Jones, J. Glauey Jones, Pjeston King, Letcher, Loektiart,
Mace, Mann, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McLanahan,
McMullen, McQueen, Miilson, Molony, John Moore, Mur-
ray, Nabers, Newton, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. barker, Pea-
slee, Pennnnan, Perkins, Polk, Powell, llobbins, Robinson,
Ross, Savage, liavid L. Seymour, Smith, Benjamin Stan-
ton, Tlladdetis Stevens, St. Martin, Stuart, Sweetser,
Geoige W. Thompson, Tuck, Wallace, YVatkins, Addison
White, Wilcox, and Woodward—97.
So the bill did not pass.
Mr. MILLSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House rejected the bill, upon its
ige.
Mr. CABLE. I move to lay that motion upon
the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
the gentleman from Virg'nia being upon the iioor.
Mr. ORR. The motion to reconsider is not
debatable, is it r
It is.
the previous question ex-
The SPEAKER.
Mr. ORR. Has
hausted itself?
The SPEAKER.
It has; and the motion to re-
consider is, therefore, debatable.
Mr. MILLSON. i believe it will be conceded
on all hands that the passage of some bill involv-
ing the discipline of the navy, is absolutely neces-
sary to the public interest. I would not vote for
the bill which has just been rejected by the House,
because it contained provisions which never can
command my assent. But 1 am exceedingly de-
sirous that this question may come up at so.ne
future day—nay, at some early day, and that the
bill, by a reference to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, or without it may be
put into such a shape as to command the universal
assent of this House. One objection which I had
to the bill  
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Virginia that the re-
consideration of this matter should go over until
next Monday, and by common consent the bill be
printed.
Mr. MILLSON. I meant to make that sug-
gestion; but 1 want, also, while I have the flooi,
to vindicate some of the objections which 1 have,
and which I suppose the House has, to the pas-
sage of the bill, and which can, I have no doubt,
be easily removed if the bill is postponed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I suggest to
the gentleman, that if we reconsider the vote on
the passage of the bill, we ieave it still in a con-
dition not to be amended, and that the House had
better retrace its steps to a position in which the
bill can be amended.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that if the motion to reconsider goes over by una-
nimous consent, it is in the power of the House,
by unanimous consent, to have the bill printed 
the motion to reconsider being a privileged ques-
tion—would come up next Monday.
Mr. MILLSON. That is the suggestion which
1 intended to make to the House.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Suppose this mo-
tion to reconsider goes over,and then comes up, as
the Speakei has stated, will it then be in order to
move to reconsider the vote by which the mam
question was oidered to be put?
I he SPEAKLR. Phe Chair is of the opinion
that it wil! be in order.
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millson,] is upon the floor.
Mr. MILLSON. I merely wish to make a
suggestion, for the purpose of enabling gentlemen
who voted against the passage of the bill, to con-
cur with me in voting for its reconsideration.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. I
desire to know whether the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Stanton,] did not move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered, and to lay that motion upon the table,
and whether that motion was not agreed to by the
House ?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir, I did not.
The SPEAKER. According to the recollec-
tion of the Chair, the gentleman from Tennessee
made that motion, but withdrew it.
Mr. ORR. It was my impression that the mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I was about to explain my
reasons for voting against the passage of this bill.
1 attempted to state my reasons sometime ago; and
if my colleague, [Mr. Bayly,] had yielded me
the floor, I should not have troubled the House
with another explanation.
Mrs BAYLY. Allow me to say to my col-
league, [Mr. Millson,] that my refusing to per-
mit further interruption, was not from any dis-
courtesy to him, but it was through the permis-
sion of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanly] that I obtained thefloor. Thatgentleman
came over to me and insisted that he had only
yielded to me for the purpose of making a brief
explanation, and not with the expectation that it
should be yielded to others.
Mr. STANLY. That is so.
Mr. BAYLY. And hence, in good faith, I felt
bound to refuse permission to my colleague to in-
terrupt me.
Mr. MILLSON. I will say So my colleague
that I did not suppose his refusal to allow me to
make my explanation proceeded from any dis-
courteous feeling. I was only saying that the in-
| terest taken in this matter by my district, made it
incumbent upon me to state my reasons for voting
against this bill.
I repeat, then, that my district is as much in-
terested in the passage of a proper bill upon this
subject as any oilier in the United States. I have
objections, nevertheless, to many of the provisions
of the present bill; but one only, however, will I
state at this time.
For more than fifty years, no commanding officer
in the Navy, however high his rank, was author-
ized, by law, to inflict, by his own authority,
more than twelve lashes for any offense. The
law provided that, if she offense was deemed wor-
thy of a more severe punishment, a court-martial
should be convened by the Secretary of the Navy,
if the offense was committed within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States, or by the commanding
officer of the squadron when the offense was not
committed within that jurisdiction. So careful
was that law to guard the rights of the humblest
seaman, as I have said, that no officer was per-
mitted, by his own authority, to inflict a severer
punishment than twelve lashes upon any man. In
more severe cases, the Secretary of the Navy, or,
if out of the jurisdiction of the United States, the
commanding officer of the squadron convened a
court-martial, whose proceedings were to be in
writing, and a record of which was to be preserved
and transmitted to the Navy Department. Yet the
bill we have just rejected, proposed to confer upon
the commanding officer of any vessel, even though
he should not hold a higher rank than that of
passed midshipman, the power to inflict the pun-
ishment of solitary confinement not exceeding
thirty days, witn irons upon the hands and upon
the ancles, and the culprit restricted to a diet of
biead and water; all this without even preserving
a record of the ciime for which the punishment
was inflicted, or the evidence upon which the
crime was ascertained. This power, sir, 1 would
not confer upon anybody; not upon any officer in
the Navy, however exalted his rank. It is,in my
judgment, exceedingiy important that the punish-
ments which are inflicted m the Navy should not
be inflicted without regulations by law. I would
give the commanding officer the power to summon
a summary court-martial—sometimes called a
" capstan court-martial"—to be composed of not
less than three commissioned officers. A recorder
inay be appointed by the court, or the command-
ing officer. But I would not give jurisdiction over
a crime that deserves the extent of punishment by
solitary confinement, to any one man. It is a pun-
ishment severe in the highest degree; a punishment
which sometimes produces a shock upon the hu-
man reason which it is incapable of surviving.
A Member, You got all this from the novels 1
Mr. MILLSON. My friend says, I get all this
from novels. I tell him, I get it fiom reports on
prison discipline, made by scientific men to vari-
ous legislative bodies, and which have sometimes
induced petitions praying for the abolition of pun-
ishment by solitary confinement altogether. How-
ever that may be, I hope the House will reconsider
this bill. It is very important that some bill of the
kind should pass.
Mr. STUART. Before the gentleman from
Virginia makes this motion, I desire to have it
put in some shape by which we can have the bill
printed.
