1$51.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
3
fravely disputed. We-decided to admit him to
is seat in the first instance. We also positively
decided, gravely and deliberately, that bin having
accepted the seat with the consent of the Senate
placed him in such a position as not to allow him,
during our deliberations, to resign. The book
containing this precedent has jusfbeen furnished
me. I have not had an opportunity of looking
into it; but I believe the Senate on that occasion
did decide that the certificate of the election sup-
plied prima facie evidence of his right to the seat,
and that it was the duty of the Senate, on the
simple presentation of it, to allow the Senator to
be sworn in and take his seat until a contest should
arise, the result of which was an ousting of that
Senator. I understand that to have been settled.
If so—if such was the decision of this body in
that case, it seems to-me not exactly in strict
order, for me at least, to go beyond the only legit-
imate evidence pertaining to a case of that kind,
to wit, the evidence contained in the certificate of
the Executive. I shall therefore limit my remarks
to that precise point.
The reason why I rose before, and called the
honorable Senator from Georgia to order—I hope
in a very respectful manner—was, that it seemed
to me that his line of remark would necessarily
open a field for discussion to a very considerable
extent, and give rise to a great deal of feeling, and
might more or less embarrass our action in this
matter. My impression is yet, that the most ex-
pedient course to be pursued would be for the
honorable Senator from Indiana to withdraw his
motion, and allow the one intimated by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] to be
submitted in its place. We could then settle the
question very easily; and while the whole subject
was referred to a committee, the State of Florida
would be fully represented in this body. If my
friend will not do that, his refusal may oblige
some of us to move a modification, to strike out
all after the word "Resolved" of his resolution,
and in lieu of it a proposition to admit the hon-
orable Senator from Florida to his seat at once.
I shall accordingly make that motion, unless my
friend will, in the spirit of compromise—for which
I know he is distinguished—allow the course of
froceeding which I have intimated, to be adopted,
f he will withdraw his motion I think we could
get at the point, and have it settled at once, so far
aS the prima facie proceeding is concerned.
Mr. MASON. My attention has been called to
this question to some extent. I think that at the
last session the gentleman who was then the Sen-
ator from Florida, [Mr. Yulee,] and whose term
expired on the 4th of March last, presented to the
Senate an extract from the journals of the Legisla-
ture of Florida, with a view, as he stated at the
time, according to my recollection, to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact of an election which
had been made by that Legislature, and which he
suggested had resulted in his favor. The only ac-
tion of the Senate upon it at present, I presume,
will be such as to enable this body, holding the
scales perfectly even between these gentlemen, to
make the inquiry which necessarily devolves upon
us in such a manner as to discharge the duty faith-
fully which the Senate owes to the country and to
the State of Florida. It does seem to me, from the
consideration that I have been able to bestow upon
this subject, that where a gentleman presents him-
self to the Senate with a return, in its technical and
lej;al sense, showing that he has been elected to
this body, it is necessarily to be received as prima
fjcie evidence of his election, and, according to the
usage of the Senate, and I believe of all deliberative
bodies, he takes his seat, and awaits any contro-
versy that may subsequently arise respecting his
right to that seat. But if the gentleman presents
himself without a return in its technical and legal
sense, and any serious doubt is entertained and is
presented as to the validity of his election, he then
appears, I apprehend, without having this prima
f.icie evidence in his favor.
Now, if I understand the meaning of the term
" prima facie evidence," it means necessarily that
it is competent evidence; it must be evidence just
as competent as that which will prove the fact
legitimately, and the only effect of such evidence
is to shift the burden of proof upon the party who
contests the fast thus proven. The Constitution
. of the United States, according to my examina-
tion, has three provisions upon this subject.^ The
first lodges the right to elect the Senator ra the
Legislatures, of the States, and does nothing more.
A.S these provisions are very short, although the
Senate are very familiar with them, I will ask
leave to fefer to them. By section 3, article 1, of
the Constitution of the United States, it is provi-
ded that " the Senate of the United States shall
' bp composed of two Senators from each State,
'^chosen by the Legislature thereof for six years,
'and each Senator shall have one vote." The
right of choosing is therefore lodgecf in the Legis-
lature of the State. The next provision is in sec-
tion 4, article 1, and provides that "the times,
' places, and manner of holding elections for Sen-
' ators and Representatives shall be prescribed in
' each State by the Legislature thereof? but the
' Congress may at any time, by law, make or alter
' such regulations, except as to the places of choos-
' ing Senators." And the third provision is in
section 5, same article, which provides that" each
' House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
'and qualifications of its own members," &c.
Now, the Constitution does not prescribe how
the fact of the election shall be certified to the Sen-
ate, but leaves that power with the Legislatures
of the States. I have not looked—for I have not
had time—further than to the legislation of Vir-
ginia—my own State—upon that subject. I find
that the State of Virginia has prescribed the form
of the return. The firstSenators that were elected
under the Constitution were elected in 1778. It
is provided by law that the Clerk of the House of.
Delegates shall notify the Governor of the elec-
tion of Senators, and the Governor shall cause
the credentials to be made-Cut under the seal of the
Commonwealth, and sent to the Senator elect, to
be presented to the Senate of the United States.
It prescribes the form of the credentials, which is,
in effect, a certificate from the government that the
Senator, A B, has been chosen, in pursuance of
the Constitution, by the General Assembly of the
State of Virginia. That is, prima facie, competent
and sufficient evidence of the fact of the election
in the manner and form prescribed by law. And
under such returns I apprehend that the party
thus certified to be elected will have the right to
take his seat in this body, and then await the
result of any controversy that may arise.
But in the present case there is no such return.
In the State of Florida there is no law, as I am
informed, prescribing the mode in which the fact
of the election shall be certified. The Governor
has certified that fact in the case now before us,
but without the authority of law for so doing. An-
! other gentleman has presented an exemplified copy
\ of what he claims to have been an election of Sena-
tor by the Legislature of Florida. I am informed—
that gentleman [Mr. Yulee] has placed in my
hands, at my request, the legislation of Florida
upon that subject—that it makes the Secretary of
the Commonwealth the keeper of the journals of
the Legislature, and gives to that Secretary the
power to exemplify, under the great seal of the
Commonwealth, all papers of that character. It
seems to me, then, that if there be a return at all,
in its technical and legal sense, it is the exempli-
fication of the proceedings of the Legislature, which
has been certified under the great seal of the Com-
monwealth, and which is presented by the gentle-
man [Mr. Yolee] who claims to have been elected
by the first action of the Legislature upon that sub-
ject. That is an exemplification in pursuance of the
"law of Florida by the keeper of the journals of
the proceedings of its Legislature.
I submit these remarks with very great defer-
ence, in the belief that there is before ue no cor-
rect return of the election of Senator, and, there-
fore, the burden of proof has not been shifted,
but the parties stand in aquale jure, and that the
proper course for us to pursue is the course indi-
cated by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,]
to refer this matter to a committee.
Mr. HALE. As has been well said, it is proper
that the Senate should keep itself in such a situa-
tion that no undue advantage should be given to
one or other of the gentlemen claiming the seat.
It strikes me to be a matter of very great moment
that this question should be settled aright. And
it also strikes me that it is a peculiarly fortunate
time, and that the circumstances attending the
question are peculiarly fortunate also to enable the
Senate to settle it irrespective of any extraneous
considerations. It is a very different case from
that which occurred in the other wing of the
Capitol a few years ago, when the members from
New Jersey presented themselves with the prima
facie evidence, and the result of the political ma-
jority of the .House was to- sfce changed its ;that
went oiiq way or another. That-was a very sun-.
fortunate circumstance, under which the rightsof'
individuals were to be settled. . Fortunately ,in
this case there is nothing of that sort. I presume
both these gentlemen are sound on the great ques-
tions that have disturbed the country, and that.have
been so happily settled. There can, therefore*
be no difficulty on that score; and thepolitical
majority here is so decisive and so decided that it
cannot be disturbed even by the presence of what
Free-Soilers have got smuggled, into- the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I rise to a poiiit
of order. I do not think the gentleman is discuss-
ing anything now before us. The question of
free-soil is in no way connected with the subject.
I am always glad to hear the gentleman on any
other subject. I am a non-agitator, and am op-
posed to his agitating that question. I know that
he has an unfortunate weakness which disables
. him from discussing anything without bringing
it in. —
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
Hampshire understands that the question is on
the reference to a committee.
Mr. HALE. I suppose the Chair understands
the question from my remarks. The honorable
Seuator frojn Mississippi should remember that
we have not all had so much experience on these
questions as he has had, and possibly some of us
have not heard so much about them. I was re-
ferring to these things not in a mere light and
frivolous way, but as one of the series of advan-
tages in which the Senate is placed, by which it
can consider the subject irrespective of all extra-
neous considerations. But to come to the naked
merits of the question, I ask, with great deference,
any of the older members of the Senate—I would
not have spoken, being a young man, had not
the young gentleman from Mississippi set the
example—I ask any of the old or young members
of the Senate, and middle-aged ones too, if they
know of an instance in which a Senator has pre-
sented his credentials in the ordinary form who
has been refused his seat? I put this question en-
tirely irrespective of theulterior merits of this case.
How was it in the case of the honorable Senator
from Illinois ? A question arose there; an objec-
tion was made, and the Senator stood in his seat
holding in his hand evidence which would dis-
qualify him just as much as if five hundred con-
testants had been here. That fact was known to
the Senate; and yet, in the face of it, the Senator
was unanimously admitted to take his oath and
his seat, and then in a few days an investigation
was had. But while the contest is going on, the
individual presenting the common evidence which
you and I and every member of the Senate have
—the certificate from the executive officer of the
Commonwealth—is entitled to his seat.
The honorable Senator front Florida comes
within the category. I presume it is not known
to one quarter or one half of the Senate, whether,
in the various States of the Union there is any
statute authorizing the Governor to certify the
proceedings of the Legislature. I do not know
that there is such a one in my State. I doubt if
there be. But that is not the question. The ques-
tion is, whether it is the ordinary evidence—the
l evidence upon which the Senate ordinarily acts.
' They do not know whether there is any act of the
I Legislature of the State authorizing the Chief
- Magistrate to present the certificate. You have
just sworn in one Senator [Mr. Fish] who pre-
sented no certificate from the Governor of his
State. He simply presented the evidence of the
doings of the two houses of the Legislature. The
gentleman from Florida, I presume, presents
the ordinary evidence which Senators from that
State present. It seems to me, that if we adhere
to the course always pursued heretofore—that is,
that the gentleman having prima facie evidence
shall take his seat—we do not confirm him in his
seat a moment, or prejudice the claims of the con-
testant. I hope this course will be adhered to,
and that the Senator from Florida will be allowed'
to take his seat, and then let the thing take the
course suggested by the Senator from Indiana.
But it seems to me that until he has taken his seat we
are departing from the usual course of the senate.
I am not a great stickler for States rights 1
mean in the popular, cant sense of the phrase.
