1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
House. My motion being a motion to reconsider, :
I understand, under the rules, is a privileged one, j
and takes precedence of everything, except a mo- •
tion to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. The motion is to lay the
appeal upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon laying
the appeal upon the table. The Chair did not
understand the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Stu\rt) as insisting upon his right to the floor.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir; I do insist upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider that
question, and endeavor to decide it correctly.
Mr. DEAN. Does not a question of order take
precedence of ail other motions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the privileged question raised by the gentleman
from Michigan, must take precedence of the privi-
lege of the Committee on Printing to report, if the
gentleman insists upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 wish to know what is the
state of the question? I have a privileged question
remaining undisposed of that is confronted by the
question of the gentleman from Michigan. Now
1 want to know what is the condition of this
report, if any has been made?
The SPEAKER. A report has not been made,
because the House has not received it, but it re-
mains a proposition, to be determined upon, in the
opinion of the Chair, after the expiration of the
morning houi to-morrow, unless it be again shut
out by some privileged question of a higher grade.
Mr. HOUSTON. Do 1 understand the Chair
correctly, as saying that a report has been received
from the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. The question of the recep-
tion of the report is before the body. An appeal
has been taken from the decision of the Chair, and
a motion made to lay that appeal upon the table.
Mr. STANLY. Bat the Chair decides, that
the report was not in order, and that thegentlernan
from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] had a prior right to
the floor. That, of course, excludes it altogether.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Michigan takes precedence of the report.
Mr. STANLY. Then how could the report
come in at all ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Michigan stops the consideration of the
matter before the House, which is the proposition
to report.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this report, then, con-
fined to the morning hour?
The SPEAKER, in the opinion of the Chair,
it cannot be considered during the mmming hour,
but will be the first business in order ffthe House
after the morning hour shall have expired.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I wish to present an-
other point of order. The express condition upon
which the gentleman from Michigan agreed to let
the report come in was that it should come in and be
taken up in the morning hour. I understood that
was the condition, and it was so stated by the ■
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman.] !
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under- I
stand it. |
Mr. HOUSTON. Was not that the under- j
standing; of the gentleman from Michigan? j
Mr. STUART. I certainly so understood it. i
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood it j
simply that the gentleman from Indiana should >
make his report from the Committee on Printing. |
He has attempted to do so. Objection was made ;
to the reception of that report upon the ground ;
that it was out of order. The Chair decides it to
be in order. An appeal has been taken from that
decision, and a motion is made to lay the appeal ;
upon the table. _ „ . :
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
now calls up his proposition to reconsideracprta.nl
vote; which, in the opinion of the Chair, takes
precedence of the motion of the gentleman froni
Alabama, [Mr. Houston-,] and the proposition of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman-.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am satisfied that the gen-
tleman's motion takes precedence of mine, and
confronts me. 1 have no doubt about that. But
I feel an interest in the matter, because if this
question of printing intervenes between the appro-
priation bills and the action of this House, they
will be put off until October, and we shall not get
the work done at ail.
The SPEAKER. Does thegentlernan appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. HOUSTON. I wished to present a sug- j
gestion to the Chair to see if I understood the j
Chair correctly m his decision. Here is a report, '
as i understand it, made from the Committee on [
Printing, and the Chair now decides without dts- I
posing of trial report, although it is not made in ;
the morning hour, and therefoie not cut off by the [
expiration of the morning hour, that before that
report is disposed of another member, can rise and
call up a privileged motion—a motion to recon-
sider—and thereby stop the action of the House
upon the unfinished business which was then be-
fore it. Now, I am aware if this report had been
made in the morning hour, and the morning hour
had expired, why, as a matter of course, the gen-
tleman could have called up his privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Will gentlemen suspend for
a single moment until the rule is read? The rule
is as follows:
e-58. When a motion has been once mnd£. and carried
in the affirmative or negative, it s>b<til be in order for any
member ot the majority to move lor the reconsideration
thereof on the wiine or tue succeeding day ; and s-uch mo-
tion shall take precedence of all other questions, except a I
motion to adjourn, ands-hatl not be withdrawn aster the^aid j
succeeding day, without the consent of the House, and
theieaiter any member may call it up foi consideration."
Mr. STUART. Now, I hope the gentleman ;
from Alabama will allow me to proceed with my '
The SPEAKER. The Chair reviews his decis-
ion in reference to the motion made by the gen-
tleman from Michigan, and it is upon this ground:
If the motion to reconsideris made when adilferent
subject is before the House, it is entered and re-
mains until that subject is disposed of, and then
takes precedence over other business, except the
motion to adjourn. Therefore, in the opinion of
the Chair, and according to the practice, as the
book states, the motion of the gentleman from
Michigan cannot interfere with the motion imme-
diately before the House.
Mr. STUART. Then 1 am entitled to the
floor when this motion is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will then be j
entitled to the floor. i
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the pend- j
ing motion now is to lay the appeal upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That is the question now
before the House.
Mr. STANLY. As this motion is important, ;
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
the question, so that there may be no misunder-
standing, in reference to this business. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] present-
ed a report from the Committee on Printing, j,
embracing a proposition to change the existing .
law upon that subject, slating at the same tune,
I which is not doubted by any one, that memorials ;
j concerning the matter contained in the bill, have j
j been referred to that committee, and ins upon that j
I matter that the committee report. That being ;
| the case, the Chair unhesitatingly decides that the j
j report is in order. From that decision the gentle-
1 man from North Carolina [Mr. Staxly] takes an i
I appeal, Upon the ground that the committee cannot
act upon such matter—cannot change the law,
but has been constituted simply for the purpose
of having that law regularly executed. The Chair
j thinks that is a fair statement of the gentleman's
i point of order.
j Mr. STANLY. The committee have no au-
; thority, under the rules of this House, to niter the
law.
| Mr. BURT. Do I understand the Chair to say,
1 that the committee report a bill to change the ex-
: isting law ?
j The SPEAKER. That is the nature of the
report. . ,
Mr. BURT. And they ask authority to make
that report after the expiration of the morning
i! hour?
! The SPEAKER. Yes, and propositions to
1 change the law have been referred to the commit tee
■ bv the House. That is the ground upon which
, the Chair bases his decision _
I Mr HAVEN. Will the Chair allow me to
'! inquire, that it may he stated, whether the report
II embraces any of the subjects which have been
given in charge to the Committee on Printing by
ii the law, or whether it is confined solely to thesub-
jests which were referred to in these memorials
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very free to
answer that the law of the two Houses creatingf
the committee, does not confer the power upon
that committee to change the law, but it was com-
petent for the House to refer any matter ,they
chose. The House is to be the judge of that.
The question was then taken upon laying the
appeal upon the table, and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 108. nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—"\Ifssr*. Aiken. Averett, Haheoek, Thomas H.
Bayly, Bocoek, Brag;?, Albert G. Brown, Bueli, B.urt,Bus-
by, Joseph Uablft, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, (Jackie,
ChurehwHl, Cobb, Cuitis, Daniel, John C. Davi-, Daw-
son, Dean, Oiinmick, J)isncy, Doty, Dunham, Kdgerton,
EdmuiuKon, Faulkner, Fitch,Florence,Freeman, Thomas
J. I). Fuller,Gamble,Ga\l'Hci,GnhHng'-,(*ilrj.ore,Gorman,
Green, Il.umiton, Hammond, leham G. Harris, Sampson
VV. [lams, IIart, Henduek>, Ilenn, I-Jibbarrt, HoJhfday,
UotMon, liviersoll. Ives, Jackson. Jenkins, Andrew Jofin-
j-on, Jnme-i Johnson, John Johnson, Robert VV, Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,Pres-
ton Kimr, Kuuz, Letcher, Loekhart, Mann, Ma>on, Mc-
Corkh', iHcLauuhari, McYIuihn, McN.iir, MeQ,.ieen, Mill-
son, Morrison, Murphy, Muirav. Nahers, Olds, Andrew
Patkei, JPeaslee, Penn,'Phelps, Powell, Price, Rantoul,
Riddle, Robbing Robie, Itobiu&on, Ross, Savage, tfehool-
cmf't. ricuiry, Dftvw L. Seymour, Orijren S.- Seymour,
Skfllon, Sin'atr, Smith, Snow,Frederick P. Stanton, Rich-
ard 11. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin,
Stuart, Sweetser, Townshend, Wallace, Wilcox, and
Wildnek—108.
NAYS—Me«>.rs. Allison, Barreie, Bell, Bibighaus, John
H. Boyd, Brijfg* Biooks, George ii. Biovvn, Burrows,
E. Caruugton Cabell, Cartter, Chapman, Ch.wtam. Cul-
Jom, George T. Davi.-, Dockcry. Duncan, Dinkee, Evans,
Fowler, Goodenow, Goodncii, Grey, Harper. Haws, Ha-
ven, Horsfoid, John W. Howe. Thomas M. Howe, Thos.
Y. How, Hunter, Landry, Humphrey Marshall, Martin,
Miller, Miner, Moiom, Henry D. Moore, John Moore,
Morehead, S unur;! VV. Parker, Perkins, Potfr, iloed,
Saekett, Sohenneihoi n, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Thad-
deu-5 Stevens, Siiothei, Surheiiand, Tavloi, IValbudge,
IVaUh, Ward, Wa>hburn, Watkms, Welch, Alexander
White, arid Yates—bo.
So the appeal was laid upon the table, and the
decision of the Chair was sustained as the judg-
ment of the House.
Mr. GORMAN moved that the bill and report
be postponed until to-morrow, and that they be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
[A. message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury dickins,^sq., its Sec-
retary, informing the House that that body had
passed the following bills and resolutions, and
asking the concurrence of the House therein: ^
An"act to authorize the President of the United
States to designate the places for the ports of en-
try and delivery for the collection districts of
Puget's Sound and Umpqua* in the Tetritory of
Oregon, and to fix the compensation of the col-
lector at Astoria in said Territory;
An act to revive and continue in force for a lim-
ited time, the provisions of an act relative to sus-
pended entries of public lands;
A resolution for the relief of the Spanish consul
and other subjects of Spain, residing at New Or-
leans, and of subjects of Spain at Key West, by
indemnity for losses occasioned in the year 1851;
and
A joint resolution to supply the Washington
City Juventle Guards with arms.]
Mr. STUART called up a motion made by him
in January last to reconsider the vote by which
the House referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals the bill making appropriation for the
improvement of the navigation of the Illinois river.
He addressed the House an hour in f.ivor of the
Government making appropriations for the im-
provement of harbors and rivers, within the range
of the Constitution-, that is, on those waters where
the Federal Government h is jurisdiction, or into
which foreign commerce has access. [His re-
marks are published in the Appendix.]
M r. HOUSTON. The question now before the
House is the motion fur reconsideration, submitted
by the gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. I do notnow insist that a vote
be taken on that motion.
Mr 1IOUS I'ON. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. We have it up, and let
it be now disposed of.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
consider was laid upon the table.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON THE INDIAN BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call up the resolution sub-
mitted by me 011 yesterday, for the termination of
debate in committee 011 the Indian appropriation
bill. That bill has been discussed for two or three
weeks. 1 modify the resolution, so that it will
read that debate shall dose five minutes after tn®
