the congressional globe.
March 29,
who have been perhaps engaged in the slave trade
f.\ "Voice—or perchance in piracy]—yes, or per-
chance in piracy—men who require the strong hand
of power to be laid upon them continually. If only
a few of these insubordinate, mutinous, turbulent
spirits - enlist on board a ship, and the means of
quelling, subduing, and controlling them are taken
awaV, what scenes do we behold. what lack of
discipline! what disorder! what contempt of au-
thority. In that day your Navy will be m greater
danger from its own crew than from the enemy,
disastrous result! I beg, if your false and mis-
placed philanthrophy must be bruited abroad, let
ft be elsewhere; a ship is no place to preach liberty,
fraternity, and equality. On the contrary, the
' government of a man-of-war is a despotism, re-
strained and kept within just and legitimate bounds
by wiss and prudent enactments; enforcing its
rules by wholesome, and if necessary, severe dis-
ciple. Such.the Navy was, such it ever must be,
if you'wish to preserve it as the right arm of your
power. JVow they have in the Navy these for-
eigners, most of them non-naturalized foreigners,
who do not become citizens of your country, who
enlist for a cruise and perhaps take their discharges
in foreign ports. These men, some of*them good
seamen, and worthy, some bad, mutinous, inso-
lent, and unworthy, come aboard your men-of-
war. And for what purpose.' At home, in their
own country, a low rate of wages obtains in every
department. By the very limited demand which
there prevails for labor, and by the necessity which
men have of obtaining subsistence, by every pos-
sible method these persons are driven into their
Navy, and into their merchant service.
Sir, notwithstanding the wages are less in our
navy than in our mercantile marine, yet the wages
in our navy are higher than in that of any other
country. These men, then come aboard our
naval ships for no oilier purpose than to get their
pay, their rations, and their whiskey; and then
many of them utterly refuse to do any duty what-
ever. They use opprobrious and degrading lan-
guage to their officers, such as if used by any man
to another on shore, would meet with the speediest
punishment; and for this there is 110 remedy. 1
have been on board a man-of-war since the aboli-
tion of flogging in the Navy, and have been a
witness of the insubordination that has resulted
from it. Many persons were there confined for
refusal to perform the ordinary duties required 011
board ship, and were thus liberated from all labor,
and at the same time fed at our expense. They
cared little how long such punishment lasted. I
hope I may be forgiven by my country for voting
as I did, to abolish flogging in the Navy. I would
be happy to vote it back again were it in my
power, coupled with a provision that it should not
t>e hastily or unnecessarily inflicted, but only upon
the finding of a court-martial, certifying that such
punishment was necessaiy to good discipline.
Let gentlemen reflect that insubordinate men
who refuse to do their duty, increase insubordi-
nation; each mutinous mania a pestilent plague
spot, spreading his miasma until at length the
whole crew becomes corrupted; this terrible and
dangerous contagion is only to be controlled and
suppressed in its very inception, and this you
now have no means of doing. See, besides, what
injustice is worked by your present laxity of dis-
cipline. Those men who refuse to perform duty
throw the whole burden and labor upon good,
noble, honest sailors, who love theii duty, arid
are willing to perform it alike in storm or sun-
shine, in peace or danger. The result, then, is
that out of a ship's crew of six hundred or eight
hundred men, you may have but a hundred who
do anything. Now, suppose you come into action
with such a state of affairs, what, else can you
expect than ignominy, disgrace, and defeat?
Gentlemen, I tell you there has been a theory,
afloat here which ought for the good of the coun-
try to be now, at once, and forever ended.
It is taken for granted by many persons that a
naval officer is a man who takes pride and delight
in a refined cruelty; that he loves to exasperate
first, and then to torture his victims; that he is
never so happy as when Jack is at the gangway
lashed to a grating with his bloody back quiver-
ing under the " cat." I, for one, believe none of
this; I believe that our Navy is, 111 the main, com-
posed of high-minded, humane gentlemen, to
whom the very idea of cruelty is abhorrent, and
who shun punishment when it is not, indispensa-
bly necessary to the discipline and safety of all on
board. 1 admit that in the Navy there are always
some men of high temper and violent passions;
and such there must ever be, everywhere, while
human nature is what it is; and I would not un-
necessarily subject any citizen' to arbitrary and
hasty punishment at the hands of such a man.
Cruelty may easily be prevented by requiring that
punishment in this extreme degree be ordered
only by a court, and with that guard I would
have no objection even to flogging in the Navy.
And now, once for all, disbelieving all these high
wrought pictures which some gentlemen here de-
light to paint upon this and other subjects, of the
demoniac cruelty of our gallant officers, and our
worthy citizens, I contend that the theory that
our naval officers, or the officers in our Army, are
naturally cruel, or that any set of American citi-
zens are naturally disposed to do wrong to those
who are submitted to their charge, is erroneous.
Let us consider what we are about. All the na-
tions in the world are arming. For what? Is it
out of regard for us? Have we any mercy to
expect at their hands? May we not rather look
for war to the knife? Is this, then, a time to
break clown the discipline of your Navy, and make
the crews of your men-of-war mere mobs?
Standing armies are dangerous to our liberties;
these to any great extent we never will maintain;
but a Navy need excite no such distrust; to its pro-
tection we may safely trust without the appre-
hension that when it has overthrown our enemies,
its paricidal hands will be turned against its coun-
try. We must continue our Navy upon the sea,
and meet all attacks beyond the view of American
land. All Europe is close to our shores. There
is among European despots a universal feeling
of hatred ngamst us. Already almost the whole
continent is closed against the entrance of our citi-
zens. We are the only Republic maintaining its
liberties now upon the face of the globe. As such
we are the detestation of despots everywhere, and
they seek and desire merely a pretense to crush
those liberties which we have earned so dearly,
and which we so highly prize.
If we be thus attacked, we should meet our ene-
mies first upon the high seas; we should meet
the invading hosts upon the ocean, and bury them
amid its waters.
We should allow no foreign footstep upon our
soil, and it should be our proud boast, as it has
been that of England for the last eight centuries,
that our women have never seen the face of an
enemy. How are you to effect all this, unless
you maintain a stern and severe discipline in the
Navy? It is impossible. All victory, all success,
rests at its foundation, upon strict subordination,
and this subordination you must secure by some
enactment. It will not do in a reckless ana heed-
less way to reject propositions looking to this end.
I believe that the sublimated philanthropy which
is preached here, when repeated ill the service will,
of itself, work mischief.
Moreover, sir, upon this subject of punishment,
I have heard it asserted—but I do not assert it
upon my own knowledge—that those of our sail-
ors, who do their duty, who live honest and up-
right lives, who live manfully, and die manfully in
the service of their country, desire the restoration
of flogging; and they wish for it, because the
" cat" will never touch their backs, and the idle
will, by its restoration, be made to perform their
share of labor, and the mutinuous and insubordi-
nate be brought to order. I know that there are
a few persons going about the land to enlist that
sympathy which was always given to criminals
i in this country by a certain class; threatening
i members of Congress, and striving to prevent the
restoration of discipline by clamor, and the cry of
■unpopularity. None seek the abolition of punish-
ment so much as those who deserve it; for
££ No rogue e'er felt the halter draw.
With good opinion of the taw."
But this is not the course of the true American.
He does not commit the offense which merits the
punishment. There are enough instances of these
true American hearts, who have been in our ser-
vice until they have grown gray—who have
fought our battles 011 the seas, as gallantly as any
| men ever fought in any battle, and who have car-
ried our flag triumphantly over every wave, to
every clime, and every part of the globe, and
who have made our name honored snd respected.
They are the men who have never felt the lash,
and who d&sire to have it restored, in order that
the whole burden of service may not be put upon
them. Is it a sickly philanthropy, or a fear of
giving offense, or a desire for popularity, or what
is it, that animates this House, when it will not re-
store any discipline to the Navy?
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I wish to inquire
why such vagabonds as the gentleman has de-
scribed are continued in the naval service of the
country ? Why are real sailors, who are guilty of
insubordination, discharged from the service? If
sufficient pay is offered, can you not obtain sober
and orderly citizens in that as well as any other
business. And I wish further to inquire, whether
the vagabonds he describes are the persons that it
is proposed by this bill to be pensioners for life on
half-pay?
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. With the consent
of the gentleman from Maryland, I will state a
fact, which I had from a sailor myself. He said,
that, after one of the cruises of the ship to which
he belonged, and they were discharged and found
out that whipping was abolished, that every good
man on board the vessel refused to reenlist, and
said that they would not go to sea unless there
was a mode of punishment.
Mr. EVANS. I think thegentleman from Ohio
is sufficiently answered by what has been said by
the gentleman from Virginia. Such characters
are enlisted as come forward. It is possible for
the enlisting officer, when he sees a jack-tar, to
tell whether he is a sailor, or not; but it is not
possible to judge of his habits, his disposition, or
to know anything of the history of his previous
career. He takes him upon board of his vessel,
and then in the middle of the China sees, the
bosom of the Pacific, or the southern Atlantic
ocean, the man proves insubordinate, disorderly,
and mutinous; I will ask the gentleman how,
then, is his place to be supplied ?
Mr. STANTON. I do not understand why-
there cannot be obtained honest and sober men,
who need no such correction?
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman seems to think
that the sailors are a standing class; that they con-
sist of one hundred and fifty thousand or two
hundred thousand men; who do not die, and are
not replaced by others, and whose characters may
at all times be ascertained. There is not a more
variable and fluctuating class in the whole world.
You scarcely have the same man in the same ves-
sel in two consecutive years. I apprehend the
common sense of the House—for if there is any-
thing that marks the House of Representatives, it
is common sense—will see at once that it is not in
the power of the enlisting officer to get up such a
crew as he chooses. That is obvious.
Allow me to return to the bill now under con-
sideration. I will say that I think T would prefer
flogging, with the restrictions before reveited to,
to the provisions of this bill. I am bound to s&y
it. It is not that I am disposed to have corpora!
punishment inflicted upon any one, unless de-
served; and if we can get along without such pun-
ishment, I would never resort to it; never. But
our information is that we cannot. I must say,
then, that with this information, I would prefer the
repeal of the section of the naval appropriation
bill of last Congress abolishing discipline, (for it
was upon the motion of thegentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] that a provision was inserted
into the appropriation bill abolishing flogging 111
the Navy,) to the provisions of this bill, but I sec.
nothing greatly wrong in this bill. I think it
better, by far, than no discipline, and therefore I
voted for it. I do not see any great hardship to
any man in being confined thirty days for a grave
offence. In our State, we are in the habit of putting
a criminal in solitary confinement twenty years,
if he is deserving of it; and why solitary con-
finement for thirty days should be thought "by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mii.i.sox] to be so
great a punishment, I cannot conceive. If we
look at it in all of its lights, it appears to nie to
be a very lenient punishment for a grave class of
offenses.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman, perhaps,
misapprehended the direction of my remarks. My
purpose was to show that punishment by solitary
confinement in doubls-irons for thirty days upon
bread and water, was a very severe one. The
gentleman does not doubt that ? It ought only to
be inflicted for a very heinous offense. Now, I
wish to call the gentleman's attention to this
