THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1,
am not one of those who believe that we are thir-
ty-one sovereign States. I believe the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] does. I' do not be-
lieve in that magniloquent idea of State sover-
eignty. Still, I think there is some respect due to
the States, and that the courtesy with which the
Senators from the States are always treated on
presenting prima facie evidence, should govern the
Senate with respect to the honorable Senator from
Florida. It seems to me that he should take his
seat, and that the matter should then take the
course suggested by the honorable Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. SEWARD. I think there is no doubt
about the principle, that a person who presents
prima facie evidence of his election as a Senator
must be admitted. We all agree about that. The
question here in this case, however, is, whether
there are not two persons presenting such evidence
in support of conflicting claims.
The Senator from Florida, [Mr. Morton,] in
behalf of one candidate, presents the Governor's
certificate of election, or, what is to the same effect,
a commission founded on an election or appoint-
ment by the Legislature. Such evidence has been
received by the Senate as prima facie from the ear-
liest history of the Government, and therefore, if
unopposed, would be ample and adequate now.
But the same Senator presents, in behalf of an-
other candidate, certified proceedings of the Legis-
lature of Florida, which, he claims, show that he
was duly chosen or appointed by that body. This
form of evidence has always been accepted by the
Senate also. No Senator from the State of New
York ever brought a commission or certificate from
the Governor. All of them have brought here
credentials given by the Legislature, or certificates
by their officers, authenticating their action, and
nothing more.
Thus each candidate submits sufficient prima
facie evidence, and they are equal in position.
This is so, subject to one question. The legislative
certificate, after reciting what Mr. Yui.ee claims to
be an election, shows that the presiding officer de-
cided that there was no election, and the Legisla-
ture proceeded to a new election. JBut that in-
volves the question, whether what had already been
done constituted an election or not. It is under-
stood that fifty-eight members of the Legislature
attended: twenty-nine voted for Mr. Yulee, and
twenty-nine cast blank ballots. If these be counted
as adverse ballots, then Mr. YuEEEwas not elected.
If they be counted as no ballots, or as nothing, then
he was elected. Now, I have no judgment formed
on that question. The bias of my mind is adverse
to the latter view. Bat it is a question, a real
question, a grave question. I do not see how I
can vote for the admission of the candidate holding
the Governor's certificate, without deciding this
question, which I wish to hear discussed. In
order to do exact justice, therefore, I shall vote for
the motion of the Senator from Indiana, to refer
to a select committee.
I do not see that the precedent in the case of
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Shields] touches
this question. That Senator presented his cre-
dentials, and there was no adverse claimant. If I
recollect aright, there was alleged to be evidence
that he was not qualified to accept the place; but
there was no question as to his having been elected
or appointed to it by the Legislature of the State.
There was but one certificate, or one prima facie
case, made out. On these considerations, as at
present advised, I shall vote for the motion of the
honorable Senator from Indiana.
Mr. CLAY. Feeble as I am, I cannot refrain
from making a few additional observations. There
is no doubt of the duty and the right of this body
to determine all questions of elections of its mem-
bers. The question is ss to the method of doing
this, and that question has been settled, 1 believe
by every deliberative body upon earth. It is
this. It there is a contest, by two claiming the
same seat, the party having- the return takes
the seat, and the other party presents his peti-
tion claiming it; that petition is referred to a com-
mittee; it is reported upon by the committee and
acted upon by the body. Now, one very great
error committed, as I conceive, by the <*entleman
who last addressed you, was to treat that Journal
as an election—to consider it as a credential It
is no such thing. When you look into it, you
find twenty-nine votes given for one person, and
twenty-nine blanks. Upon that result having been
ascertained, the presiding officer considering that
there was no election, the Legislature proceeded
to elect, and the gentleman who now claims to
take the oath was elected. To call that first pro-
ceeding, therefore, an election, and to call that
election a credential, is, I think, a great abuse of
terms. The only evidence of any election which
we have, is the certificate of the Governor. And
here, allow m^ to say, with great deference to the
Senator from Geox-gia, [Mr. Berrien,] that I
think a great error in his argument was to assume
two classes of evidence, and then to bring before
the Senate prima facie evidence and plenary evi-
dence, and the plenary evidence overruling the
prima facie, that that prima facie evidence should be
deprived of any effect. Now, I deny, in the first
place, that plenary evidence is before us, legally
and formally, according to that usage which con-
stitutes a law of deliberative bodies. But let us
push this argument a little further. In the case,
so often mentioned, of the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Shields,] there was 'plenary evidence, ac-
cording to the argument of the Senator from Geor-
gia; there was the evidence before the Senate of
his being an alien at the time of his election, but
there was alsotheprimo/ocie evidenceof his having
been elected by the Legislature of his State. And
how did the Senate treat this description of evidence,
plenary and prima facie? Why, they did not look at
the plenary, as it has been called; they were gov-
erned solely by the prima facie. They admitted him
to his seat; and were not governed by the plenary,
because the time had not arrived for it to have any
effect. That time was after the Senator had re-
ceived the oath and taken his seat, and when the
question of the validity of his election should
come up before the Committee of Elections, or
some other mode of investigation. We might
push this a little further: Take the case of a
member of the House of Representatives. A pre-
sents his return of his election. B presents a rec-
ord of evidence—plenary, according to the argu-
ment of the Senatorfrom Georgia—showing that A
! had not been legally elected, butthat, if deprived of
certain illegal votes which had been given to him,
lie would be found to have obtained only a minor-
ity, while B, the contestant, had really a right to
the return, and therefore a right to his seat. Here
is the prima facie evidence, and here is the plenary
; evidence; but did you ever hear any instance of
that kind where a legislative body, upon the pre-
sentation of the return, would go into that which
is called the plenary evidence, and decide upon the
case as to who was entitled to his seat! Did you
ever hear of it, except perhaps in the memorable
I instance referred to, which arose from considera-
tions to which I shall not advert because they'are
unpleasant? But invariably the practice is to ad-
minister the oath t.o the man having m his pocket
the return, and let him who contests the seat come
forward, by petition or some other mode, and claim ,
it. Here, I say, if you go into the journal of the
Legislature of Florida, which 1 think is entirely ;
out of order and informal, it proves there was no '
election in the first, instance, and therefore no cre-
dentials. It proves, according to the legislative
sense, that there was no election. The Legisla-
ture afterwards proceeded to make an election;
and the Governor has given the certificate of it.
The only question which can arise at any stage
of this proceeding, even after it is referred to a
committee, is whether you will overrule the decis-
ion^ of the Legislature, and declare, contrary to
their judgment, that an election was made of Mr.
Yulee, when they declared that there was no elec-
tion, and proceeded to elect.
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not intend, by the mn-
| tion I made, to indicate an opinion as to the right
| of either party claiming the seat. My object was
! to expedite the business of the body. " I see,
{ however, from indications around me, that the
I motion I made will be calculated perhaps to em-
barrass Senators and prolong the debate. Believ-
ing that the contestant in this case will not be at
all prejudiced by permitting the gentleman having
the certificate to be sworn in, I shall withdraw
my motion. I do it somewhat at the instance of
the contestant himself. I have no objection to the
gentleman taking the oath.
Mr. CLAY. I move, then, that the gentleman j!
whose credentials have been presented,"be sworn |
Mjaccording to the usage of the Senate. Ij
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. Mallory then took the oath of office. i!
Mr. BRIGHT moved that the letter presented
by the contestant at the last executive session
of the Senate, together with the record and other
papers relative to the matter, be referred to a select
committee of five.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, the election of the
special committee was postponed until one o'clock
to-morrow.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS, it was
Ordered, That the daily hour of meeting of the Senate
be twelve o'clock meridian, until otherwise ordered.
NOTICE OF ORGANIZATION.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary acquaint the House of Rep-
resentatives that a quomm of the Senate has assembled,
and the Senate is ready to proceed to business.
NOTICES.
Mr. GWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce—
A bill to authorize and direct the payment of
certain moneys into the treasury of the State of
California which were collected in the ports of said
State as a revenue upon imports, since the ratifi-
cation of the treaty of peace between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico, and prior to
the admission of said State into the Union;
A bill to establish a branch mint of the United
States in the State of California;
A bill to provide for the location and construc-
tion of a central national railroad from the Missis-
sippi river to the Pacific ocean; <
A bill to reduce the rates of postage on news-
papers, and to establish a uniform rate of postage
on letters throughout the United States;
A bill to establish a line of ocean mail steamers
from San Francisco in California, via the Sand-
wich Islands, to Shanghai in China;
A bill to pay the expenses incurred for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities in California;
A bill granting the right of way for, and to aid
in the construction of, a line of telegraph from the
Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean;
A bill to create a Board of Commissioners for
; the settlement of claims for military services in the
; State of California;
i A bill to establish a navy-yard and naval depot
| in California;
i A bill to establish assay offices of the Mint of
1 the United States at Sacramento City and Stock-
ton, in California; and
A bill to provide for the survey of the public
lands in California, the granting of donation priv-
! ileges therein, and for other purposes.
] Mr. CHASE gave notice of his intention to ask
! leave to introduce a bill to grant to the State of
j Ohio the unsold and unappropriated public lands
| remaining in that State.
Mr. WALKER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce—
A bill to authorize the Governor of the State of
Wisconsin to select and locate other lands in lieu
of such as had been sold, in the tract granted to
aid in the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers, in Wisconsin;
A bill to grant to the State of Wisconsin a quan-
tity of land to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Mihvaukie m Wisconsin, by way of Water-
towfi, to Prairie La Corsse, on the Mississippi
river;
A bill to grant to the State of Wisconsin a quan-
tity of land to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Fond du Lac to Janesville in Wisconsin;
A bill to cede the public lands of the United
States to the States respectively in which they are
situated; and
A bill to increase the jurisdiction of the United
States district court for the district of Wisconsin.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Upper Mis-
sissippi river.
Mr. JONES gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to grant land to the State
of Iowa, to aid said State in the construction of a
railroad from Dubuque to Keokuk, and from Dav-
enport to the Missouri river.
He also presented the petition of Henry M.
Rice, praying for a grant of land for the construc-
tion of a railroad from the St. Louis river of Lake
Superior, via St. Paul, in Minnesota Territory, to
Dubuque, in the State of Iowa.
