1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91?
fact, that by the existing law, by the law as it
lias stood for more than fifty years, such offenses
could not be inquired of by any commanding
officer of his own authority. The law provi-
ded, if the offense deserved a higher punishment
than twelve lashes, that it must be inquired of by
a com i-martml, and therefore it was that I ob-
jected to the jurisdiction granted by this bill to a
single commanding officer—perhaps a lieutenant—
in a fate which might deserve such punishment as
that of solitary confinement for thirty days, with
the accompaniments stated in this bill.
Mr. EVANS. I understand the gentleman- I
would he willing that an offense of this kind
should be inquired of by a court-martial. I voted
for the nil, and took it as it is, because we have
no punishment, no discipline in the Navy at this
tune. Immediate discipline is wanted there. I
took the bill, because it is a beginning. If it is
found by practice to be onerous m any particular
provision, it will be altered. It will be amended,
you may depend upon it, because the current of
sentiment is iv> favor of leniency.
I very much fear, sir, that the days of our naval
glory nave passed away forever; sickly sentiment-
ality has usurped the place of true genuine feel-
ing, and discipline no longer will be inforced un-
der the stars and stripes. The conflicts in the
revolutionary war, when the American tars feared
to meet no enemy, and when the American offi-
cers knew who they commanded 
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man will allow me to make a suggestion, and that
is iii regard to one portion of" this bill, which
sc-ems to be lost sight of by those who oppose it;
that is, that the severity of these punishments are
counteracted by something that never existed in
the Navy before—a system of rewards of a very
important character.
Mr. EVANS. I am very much obliged to the
gentleman for directing my attention to that part of
the bill. I think it is an important portion, which
may obviate many of the objections made to other
portions. It is in most of its parts a just and proper
bill. If provisions were introduced, founded upon
the speeches I have heard here, we should have a
pretty state of affairs indeed. I do not wish to
misrepresent gentlemen in any way, but one gen-
tleman thinks that by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States our sailors are entitled to a trial by jury.
We!l,fc.i. while the gentleman was speaking, I sat
down and drew up, asnearly as I could, based upon
his remarks, an amendment which would give them
elTect. I will read it to the House:
lk if aiattcd. That the commander, lieutenants, midship-
men. and oilier officers ori board ship, shall be elected by
ballot by the whole ship's crew.
And be it fuither enacted. That all distinction of quar-
ter i-? hereby abolished.
~i:>J be it farther enacted, That every offense committed
on board ^hip, w bethei by officers or seamen, shall be tried
by a jury to be chosen by the whole crew, and such punish-
ment -iial! be inflicted as is prescribed for the like ofienses
on mors:, by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania.
.Mr. STANLY. If my friend will allow me to
sugge&t a correction, to strike out i( by ballot,''
and insert *' viva voce," and to add to the end of
the last section " punished, &c., according to the
resolutions of '98 and '99." You will then have
it just ne'ht. [Laughter.]
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman has perhaps im-
proved ir, but as I am not saying anything politi-
cal, I will leave out the resolutions of '98. What
i utter, I feel. I believe that the safety, the inde-
pendence, and the glory of our country are closely
connected with the discipline of the Navy. I be-
lieve, too, that our JNavy will be yet our right arm
of defense in the day of need and danger. I was
about io say, when I was interrupted, that I much
feared, unless we adopted some severe and stern
discipline above the sickly sympathies and senti-
:ic italitieb of the times, that we would never again
have the duvs of the Constitution and theGuerriere,
the Constitution and the Java, the Constitution
and the Crane and Levant, the Wasp and the
Kroli.;, the CJ mted States and the Macedonian, and
the days of those other glorious victories which
covercd the American lias: with immortal honor.
Those honors, were attained by a strict and rig- :
orous discipline, and not by riot and looseness :
on board of ship—not by questions of position of ;
ihe commander here, and the crew there, not by ;
anv sentiment that a man who had been guilty of
in.-'i'^ordmatiou, mutiny,and who was in the high- ■
est degree disorderly, should rather have the ten- ;
der sympathies and kindly feelings of everybody
m the community, than a good proper punishment.
I desire to see restored to the Navy its proper dis-
cipline. I believe that the members of this House
desire it, and if they will look into its condition—
if they will imagine for a moment the position of
a commander—I was about to say the deplorable
position, but, certainly, the great, tremendous and
overwhelming responsibility of the commander of
a ship in a distant sea, far away from his country
at the mercy of five hundred men, picked up at
random, many of whom may have been turned
loose from the prisons and jails of Europe, they
will have to admit that a strict discipline is indis-
pensably necessary in every Navy. I assert here
again, to those who would inflict no punishment,
except for crime-—and with them mutiny, insub-
ordination, disorder, and refusal to obey orders is
no crime—that those who, by their disorderly
conduct, jeopard the lives of all the crew are
guilty of a very great and heinous crime. Such
crimes are worse than those committed upon kind.
The midnight murderer is not more criminal
than are they who commit the offenses I have
mentioned, for these lead to wholesale death. Let
us see what has been the effect of the abolition of
flogging in our naval service. It is fresh in the
recollection of you all—and I state facts derived
from creditable sources, that m the port of Liver-
pool there was lately a deplorable mutiny on board
of an American ship, before she had proceeded
out of the jurisdiction of the British waters.
What was the result? If the lash had been re-
sorted to, it perhaps would not have occurred.
The result was, that the mutiny had to be quelled
by a resort to cutlasses; and the maimed and mu-
tilated bodies of the seamen engaged in it, bear
attestation to the wisdom of your anti-flogging
laws. This is but one single instance. There
have been others, I am told, that women fear to
to take passage in American vessels upon long
voyages. It is not because of fear of American
seamen, but of the foreign jail-birds, criminals,
and the abandoned of every land who congregate
and take refuge there; but your sickly sympathies,
and what I must call, with all respect to the
House—your sickly sentimentality—refuse all
remedy and prevent all redress. I will now, in
compliance with my promise, withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I do not in-
tend, Mr. Speaker, to prolong this debate, and
unless some gentleman desires particularly to dis-
cuss this matter, I will say a word in reference to
that portion of the bill to which I called the at-
tention of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans,] and that is the new system of rewards
which has been introduced for the benefit of the
sailor, and among those especially, that provision
by which, after twenty years of service, when his
conduct has been proved, by good conduct discharges,
at the termination of every term of his enlistment,
the sailor shall be permitted to go into the naval
asylum with half pay during life. Now, this is just
and fair to the sailor, and a very great advantage.
It is one which you will see can only be enjoyed
by the sailor, who has performed his duty con-
tinuously for twenty years, without serious com-
plaint by his commanding officers. It will be
confined necessarily to a small portion of the
Navy; and it will be for the benefit of the coun-
try, that this provision should be enjoyed by all.
It is suggested by the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] that this will be more than made up,
by tiiat very provision of the bill which makes a
forfeiture of pay not exeeedmg three months, one
of the punishments which may be inflicted for dis-
orders upon boaid of a ship. I confess there is
something singular in that objection.
Mr. HALL. I wish to ask the gentleman a
question. I only desire to ask the gentleman from
Tennessee, if he will be willing to give pensions to
all officers of the Army or Navy who have served
faithfully twenty years?
Mr. STANTON. I will say in regard to them,
that the committee of which 1 have the honor to
be chairman, has directed me to report a bill ror
the relief of aged and disabled officers, unfit for
service, or who may be put upon the retired list
by a board organized for that purpose. I say
that they have instructed me to report a billwhich
will have the effect of giving half-pay during jiie
to these disabled officers, placing them out of the
line,, to give place to young and more vigorous
officers, who will be prepared to perform the du-
ties of their position. I would not be willing to
turn these old officers out, without a dollar in their
old age, after they have worn themselves out in
the service of their country. Nor, upon the other
hand, would I be willing to turn the sailor adrift
in the same way, when he has performed his du-
ties well and without objection, continually for
twenty years.
I stated in the first remarks which I had the
honor to make here to-day, that this provision, in
all probability, would never be claimed by any
sailor who was able to go to sea. If there is a
man who is unwilling to confine himself to any
asylum, and who is unwillingto confine himself to
the shore, when he is able to do duty upon the sea,
that man is the sailor—the sailor m the American
Navy especially, so that the operation of this pro-
vision will be to exclude the undeserving man from
the naval asylum, though now your naval asylum
may be filled by men who are unworthy, and who
never faithfully performed their duties. This,
then, is a restriction, and at the same time, that it
is a bounty and advantage to the sailor, it is a re-
ward for good service.
In addition to that, there is another reward of
three months extra pay. Upon the second enlist-
ment of the sailor, provided that during the first
term of his enlistment he has acted well, he ob-
tains a good conductdischarge. Those gentlemen
who are particularly the friends of the sailor ob-
jected to these severe punishments for crimes com-
mitted by sailors upon board of vessels. I say
these are the gentlemen who most seriously object
to the provisions rewarding the sailor after he has
served his country twenty years faithfully, with
half pay during his life, and an asylum under the
patronage of the Government. It seems to me
that there is a great inconsistency in these two
objections.
Mr. EVANS. That sailor will have taken out
of his pay for hospital money more than that half-
pay will come to.
Mr. STANTON. The hospital money taken
out of his pay is for the purpose of affording him
medical assistance in time of sickness, and, when
he needs it, an asylum in the hospital. However,
the substance of what the gentleman says is true.
I admit that there is great force in the objection,
that these punishments are inflicted summarily by
the officer. 1 grant it, and hence it is, I have ad-
mitted, that these summary punishments—al-
though many gentlemen differ from me in that
respect—are not necessary on shore. I know there
is a great difference of opinion upon this point.
Why is it that these summary punishments have
been allowed in many cases? Because the disci-
pline of the navy could not be maintained upon
the sea, in the hour of danger, in the hour of bat-
tle, and in foreign countries, when we are not
within the reach of our laws. Take the case of
a vessel which may be detached from the squad-
ron at a time when it would be impossible to have
a court-martial, and when perhaps in the hour of
danger, during a storm, it may be necessary to in-
flict punishment at once; or it may be necessary
for the sailor to know that summary punishment
may be inflicted speedily, so as to operate upon
him as a terror, forcing him to do his duty.
Mr. JMILLSON. There is no one punishment
which can be inflicted at once.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
The sentence that the sailor may be confined for
thirty days in double-irons, and upon bread and
water, is known to him at once, and it produces
its effect upon him. The knowledge that the
punishment can be inflicted upon him is what
will produce a good effect. What was the objec-
tion to the lash ? The objection taken by the ma-
i jority of the House, and the weight of which I
i 'feel, and winch is felt by the whole country, or at
; least by a large majority of the people ©f the
country, is tins: that it is a degrading punishment.
■ If you put the question to any man, who has a
1 proper sense of las honor, whether he would sub-
! mit'to the punishment of confinement upon bread
anu water, in irons thirty days, or submit to a
dozen lashes; I am sure there would be no hes-
, nation in the answer that would be given. It was
> the degrading character of that punishment which
! was objected to. One of the strong arguments
upon all occasions has been, that the punishment
; by the lash has been abolished m almost every
ii State of the Union. It is against the public sen-
