918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
timent". But confinement in irons has not been
abolished. Solitary confinement has ^ not been
abolished, anywhere. In my. own State.
known men, upon the suspicion of citmes,
any trial had taken place, to be confined for
months in irons. In my judgment, you must give
the officer in command of a vessel, the power
inflicting summary punishment. See what a ves-
sel-of-war is. Take a village m the country, or a
town of ten thousand inhabitants. Select from
that ten thousand, one thousand vigorous men-
all the effective force of the whole ten thousand.
Place them in one vessel going to sea, and re-
maining there for, perhaps, three years, charged
with the honor and defense of the country. Every
one must see under these circumstances, that
you cannot possibly maintain or carry on that
important service by the same laws, by the same
Bysiem of punishment, and you cannot acknow-
ledge the same rights by which you are governed
on shore. The t£iing is impossible. Reflect that
in the absence of this bill, or something like
it, or something which may be substituted for it,
there is no power to punish. The lash cannot be
inflicted. There is nothing else but death, and
you must do it by a regular court-martial, and
the sentence must be approved by the Navy De-
partment and by the President of the United
States. What check is there upon the passions,
upon the insubordination or mutiny of the crews
of our vessels? Wliat power is there to control
them? I agree that the lash ought to beabolished.
I bow to the will of the people. I bow to my
own instincts, and I acknowledge their full force;
but crime must not go unpunished, and the neces-
sities of the servicc must not be neglected. You
must give this high and important power to the
commanding officer of a vessel, or else the service
will go to destruction. This is the feeling of the
whole Navy, and I think it is the conviction of
everybody, who is well acquainted with our naval
system. I have never understood that the objec-
tion to this system of punishment was anything,
but the disgraceful character and cruelty some-
times exercised by means of the lash. I have
already shown you, that this punishment which
requires time to carry out, will have the effect of
doing justice. If punishment has been unjustly
awarded, a little reflection and lapse of time will
correct it, and an unjust sentence of confinement
for fifteen or thirty days would never be carried
out against the sense of justice, of any consider-
able portion of the officers on board ship. It is
the continuance of these punishments that give to
them a milder character; in short, a character to-
tally different from that which existed under the
late law, by which the lash was inflicted. I am not
much disposed to close debate upon any proposi-
tion, but I am under the necessity of moving the
previous question.
Mr. OK. 11. I hope it may be voted down. The
House was attempted to be dragooned this morn-
ing 
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. ORR. Two years ago flogging was abol-
ished in the Navy by act of Congress, and just
about in as summary a manner as the effort made
this morning to pass this bill. I had the honor of
occupying a seat upon this floor, and upon turning
to the Journals, I find that there were but twenty-
nine gentlemen who voted against the proposition
■which was introduced into the naval appropri-
ation bill, abolishing flogging in the Navy. My
name is one of those recorded in the negative. I
thought then that I foresaw the evil consequences
and disorganization which would ensue m conse-
quence of that hasty and inconsiderate legislation.
Now you attempt to remedy the great evil you
have entailed on all the branches of the naval ser-
vice by bringing a bill into the House which has
not been even printed, and refuse time to the
members to read it in manuscript, to say nothing
of the time necessary to scrutinize its provisions,
to determine whether they are favorable to it or
not; but, under the force of the previous question,
it is attempted to be thrust down the throats of
members, nolens volcns. I trust such a case of
legislation has received such a rebuke as will not
allow it to be attempted again. I am as well
aware as any gentleman upon this floor that there
is a necessity, imperious and unavoidable, for
some additional legislation to prevent and suppress
insubordination in the Navy. It is impossible
that discipline in your Navy can be maintained
unless you give authority to the officers in com-
mand of vessels to inflict summary and exemplary
punishment upon evil doers. * But, sir, I am op-
posed to seeing other subjects having no legitimate
connection with proper punishment in the Navy,
incorporated in this bill, and passed through the
House under the force of a pressing necessity de-
manding our immediate action, to be m time to
meet the wants of the expedition soon to sail to or
against Japan, I know not which, when if left to
their own merits, I am reasonably assured, could
never get the sanction of a majority of this House,
It is urged by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Stanton,] who, be it remembered, voted to
abolish flogging in the Navy, without first pro- j
viding other punishment, that the last clause of the
bill, which provides that, after a sailor has served
twenty years creditably, when he has had good
marks all that time, he shall then be put upon the
retired list, with half pay, is a just and proper one.
He retires him, never requiring him to perform
any further service of any sort to the country, and
gives him half wages all the balance of his life for
doing nothing. Q,uite a comfortable berth, truly,
for a sailor can retire at forty, and be a pensioner
the balance of his days. Well, I have the same
Mr. VENABLE. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a few moments.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman can make his speech
on Monday next.
Mr. VENABLE. The gentleman surely does
not wish to choke me down ?
Mr. ORR. I have no sort of objection to the
o-entleman's proceeding now, but it is the usual
hour of adjournment. I will, however, withdraw
the motion to adjourn, if it will gratify my friend
from North Carolina.
Mr. VENABLE. I have only a remark ortwo
to make. I do not feel under any particular obli-
gation to help gentlemen out of the difficulty into
which they have got themselves. I voted for the
hill, because I thought it necessary to sustain the
discipline and glory of our Navy. The gentlemen
who voted against it, have my leave to get out of
their difficulties as soon as possible.
Mr. ORR. It is the friends of the bill who have
got themselves into difficulty. The majority here
are very able to take care of themselves. There
is no uneasiness at all in my mind, as one of that
majority.
Mr. VENABLE. 1 suppose so. But the gen-
tlemen must get out of the difficulties into which
objection to that as to a retired 'list in the Army they have plunged themselves I do not feel much
_ „ a in tiia nnHIip sprvirp : > inrli nation to helo them out of it (jentiernen teli
and Navy. Persons engaged in the public service
of the country are all the time they are thus en-
gaged receiving fair, adequate salaries or wages;
and if, by profligacy, wastefulness, extravagance,
dissipation, or from any other cause, they squan-
der their earnings, and have nothing to subsist !
upon when they become old, what obligation is
there devolved on this Government to pay them :
pensions, when they have been well paid during j
the time they have been occupied in the public !
service. Why should not the same rule apply to ;
the mechanic who has labored faithfully upon the j
public buildings for twenty years, and has become ■
disabled from age, or other causes' Why should i
not the Government pension him also? Why not ;
have a civil list, to include the statesmen and pol- :
iticians of the country who have spent their best
days in the public service, and when they become !
superannuated, let them feed from the public crib? ;
1 am opposed to the whole system, and hope it |
will never be saddled on to the people of the United 1
States. If the gentleman desires to originate any-
thing of that sort, let him introduce a separate bill,
and pass it, if pass it must, upon its own merits.
Now, I am in favor of a well digested bill, to pre-
scribe and regulate punishment for offenses against
the order and discipline of the naval service at sea
and on shore. 1 do not know but what the prin-
ciple features contained in the bill now before the
House may meet my sanction. But I cannot with-
out examination or consideration, aye, sir, without
even reading, be forced to vote for the bill under
present circumstances. I did hope that the propo-
sition made by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] to let his bill, by unanimous consent,
go over until Monday next, and be printed, would i
have prevailed. We should then have the bill
before us, and all the facts necessary to enable us
to legislate upon it judiciously and discreetly.
Hasty legislation, so pertinaciously pressed on the !
House to-day, will result just as it did two years \
ago, when you abolished flogging without provid-
ing a substitute. We have one evidence already
of the difficulties which await ill-digested legisla-
tion, and the dissatisfaction it is likely to lead to.
This bill, according to the statement of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, confers upon the officers
of the Navy more arbitrary power over the per-
sons of the sailors than did the old law, which
allowed flogging. Now, sir, if he is correct, how
long will the act stand upon your statute-book,
and what confusion will it not involve you in ? j
If you pass the bill as it now stands, in all prob-,
ability you will be forced to repeal it in a year, as |
being more revolting to humanity than floggir g. !
I hope, therefore, that the question will go over
until Monday next, when it can be considered,
and that, by the unanimous consent of the House,
the bill may be ordered to be printed.
I desire to inquire of the Speaker whether, if a
motion is now made to adjourn, and it prevails,
this business will not come up on Monday next,
as the first m order.
The SPEAKER. It will. It is a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. ORR. Then I move that the House do
now adjourn.
inclination to help them out <
us that they voted to abolish flogging, because it
was degrading to the sailors. Sir, with flogging
a part of the discipline of the Navy, the stars and
stripes have been borne in irresistible triumph upon
every ocean on which heaven has set breeze. De-
graded men, and men crushed down by the dis-
cipline of the Navy , would never have achieved
those triumphs which, from the days of Paul
Jones down to the present day, have been written
in letters of living light on the pages of our history.
The gentleman tells us that the old sailor ought
not to be pensioned after twenty years of hard ser-
vice, with marks in his favor all the time. They be-
grudge him retirement to the sailor's snug harbor.
I have no difficulty of that sort. You call a man
into an ephemeral war,and skirmish with Indians;
he goes into the field once, and is then discharged,
and you give him one hundred and sixty acres of
land. The militiaman, who never drew a trigger,
and never saw an enemy, gets one hundred and
sixty acres of land. But when a proposition was
made here to give one hundred and sixty acres to
the sailor, who has grown gray in the hard ser-
vice of his country, the' House voted it down.
Even those who did such tall walking at Bladens-
burg, got paid. But when the poor sailor, who,
hoary with the snows of winter and of age, who
has been for twenty consecutive years facing the
stormy winds and the enemies of his country,
comes and asks for retirement or for one hundred
and sixty acres of land, you refuse him, because
you say he is a mariner, and not a landsman.
Gentlemen say that it is creating the system of a re-
tired list in the Army and Navy. If it be so, let us
inquire, is it right and just ? The man who braves
the ocean waves, and the storm, and the battle on
the deck of a man-of-war, that man shall never be
refused a pension at my hands. I am never will-
ing to refuse such a man a harbor to retire into
after twenty years' consecutive honorable service.
1 have been pained, on looking over the yeas and
nays, to see how many gentlemen voted against
giving bounty lands to the poor sailors, whilst they
are votingthem away to railroads, and giving forty-
two millions of acres of lands called " swamp lands"
—which would include the top of Mount Ararat,
for the flood passed over that once. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I dislike to in-
terrupt the gentleman, but I cannotallow 
Mr. VENABLE. Sir, I will take back all
about Mount Ararat and the flood, to satisfy my
friend from Arkansas. [Laughter.J Sir, when
the Roman soldier had served for twenty years he
wascalledaveteran,and was honored by every one,
whether plebeian or patrician, and supported from
the public treasury. When he appeared m the
streets of Rome he was received with respect by
old and young; and in those days the young men
rose up before the old men. But, in these days,
when " Young America"is running against " Old
Fogyism," it is a disqualification for a man to
have been in the high and honorable service of his
country, and to have some of the signs of age
upon his temple, prophetic as it may be, of de-
cline. That is to say, that the man who has
