1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
contravention of the Constitution, that limitation
is void, and is mere surplusage, which does not
affect the Senator's right to the seat. But t think,
as it is a question that may never arise, it is better
that it should be passed over until the occasion
presents itself.
The PRESIDENT. There is no motion before
the Senate.
The conversation therefore dropped.
PETITION'S, ETC.
Mr. RUSK. I formerly presented a petition
from wail contractors for extra allowance. This
subject was presented to the House of Representa-
tives in 1844, where it was acted upon. - During
this session of Congress, the petition, with accom-
panying papers, was presented here, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. In the examination of these papers, I
found that the matter had been before Congress,
and been acted upon; therefore it became neces-
sary to obtain the papers which were presented
with the petition originally. These were in the
office of the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives. I applied for them, and he said that he
could not permit them to leave his office, without
an order of the House. I therefore procured the
order withdrawing them, for the purpose of pre-
senting them to the Senate; which I now do, and
move that they be referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
They were so referred.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Franklin county, Massachusetts, praying that
the homestead hill may become a law; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lauds.
Mr. SOULE presented a resolution of the Uni-
ted States Agricultural Society, praying to be in-
corporated; winch was referred to the Committee
on Agriculture.
Also, resolutions of the National Convention
for the promotion of Agriculture, asking the aid of
Congress in promoting theinterests of that blanch
of industry; which were referred to the Committee
on Agriculture.
Mr. COOPER. I have been requested to pre-
sent the memorial of William Beschke, it native
of Prussia, and a naturalized citizen of the United
States, praying Congress to examine an invention
which he denominates a "breech-loading steady
ship-gun," and also a model propeller. I will
merely state that I know the gentleman. He is
u man of education and scientific attainments.
His gun has been examined by a number of gen-
tlemen, and has been pronounced a very extraor-
dinary invention. This much I thought but just
to the memorialist to state before moving to refer
the memorial to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
which I now do.
It was so referred.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of George
J. Tehnbauer, praying additional compensation for
taking the Seventh Census in Florida; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GWIN presented a petition of citizens of
Nevada, California, praying; the establishment of
a branch Mint in that State; which was ordtred to
be laid on the table.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. WA LTvER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred the me-
morial of Anna Dp Neufviile, submitted a report,
accompanied by a joint resolution for the relief of
the heir of John De Neufviile and son; which was
read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
NOAH HANSON".
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Re$oirc<l} Tim the Secrctarv of the Senate be, and he
is hereby, directed to pay oat of the continuant fund of the
Senate, to Mrs. W. Mana Harmon, aclmini! trnfrK of the
estate of Noah Han-on, }au; a me^s^nger of the Senate, tiie
usual per diem compensation for Ins services fioin Maich
27, 3851, to June J. 1851,and fioin Octobei 3. to November
1, 18,31, the time of his decease, and a)>o to pav the funeral
expenses of said Hanson, as heretofore paid in ^miliar
eases.
derby's report.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That one thousand additional copies of the re-
port of the Secretary of War of the 15th of June, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, a i
reconnoissance of the Gulf of California, and the Colorado
river, by Lieutenant Derby, be printed for the use of th«
Senate.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAWSON, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of certain Mexicans living in territory acquired
by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
An act allowing exchanges of school lands, and
authorizing selections for deficiencies in certain
cases; and
An act to provide for the survey of the public
lands in California, the granting of donation priv-
ileges therein, and for other purposes.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HUNTER. Some time since a resolution
from the House, in relation to the adjournment of
Congress, was, upon my motion, ordered to lie
upon the table. I desire now to move to take it
up for consideration.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would ask the honorable
Senator from Virginia if he wishes to fix the day
of adjournment until we know something about
the appropriation bills?
Mr. HUNTER. I had intended to state, that
it was my purpose, if the resolution should be
taken up, to move to amend it by fixing the 30th
of August, which I think is the earliest day upon
which we can adjourn. It will be for the Senate,
however, to determine what day it will fix. My
; own opinion is, that, by the 30th day of August,
I we ought to be able to get through with the busi-
; ness of the session. If the Senate should take up
the resolution, it is my purpose to offer theamend-
i merit I have indicated. I should not be willing to
i vote to fix an earlier day, and I fear we cannot
; get through the necessary business if we fix an
! earlier day.
i The motion to take up the resolution was agreed
I to, and the Senate proceeded to consider it. It is
\ as follows:
"Revolver!, (with the concurrence of the Senate,) That
I the President of the Senate, and the Speaker of the House
! of ltepresentativcs, close the present .session of Congress
j by an adjournment of their respective Houses on Monday,
; the I61I1 day of August next, at the hour of twelve o'clock,
! lneiidian.'5
j Mr,,HUNTER. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out "sixteenth," and inserting
: " thirtieth," so as to fix the day of adjournment
| for the 30th of August.
j Mr. SHIELDS. I am as anxious as the hon-
i orable Senator from Virginia to adjourn at an early
! day; but, I confess, we have been treated in such
! a way by the House for two sessions past, that I
I dm very unwilling to close the door, by adopting
: such a resolution, before we receive the general
appropriation bills. The last session we sat here,
i we had a certain number of hours in which to
j accomplish our work, and we had to hurry through
i the most important bills which came before Con-
i gress. We all recollect the manner in which that
t matter was conducted, and the scenes which were
i transacted in this Chamber. I think it is the duty
! of the House to send us the appropriation bills in
due time; and when those bills come we will con-
cur with them in adjourning as promptly as pos-
| sible. But unless we do that; unless we make
I that understood, my impression is that those ap-
! propriation bills will be kept back as they have
j been heretofore, and we will be compelled to ac-
; cept them as they come from the House, without
! examining them, or to reject them intoto. I ani
! anxious for an early adjournment; but I should
! dislike very much to be placed in the position in
! which we have been placed for the two sessions
! past.
Mr. GWIN. I shall vote against fixing any
| day of adjournment until the amendment to the
i rules, suggested by the Senator from New Hamp-
i shire, [Mr. Norris,] is adopted. I am utterly
! opposed to fixing a day of adjournment, unless
j we have, ten days prior to that period, all the ap-
| propriation bills before us. 1 hope there will be
j no day fixed until that amendment to the rules is
j made. If we place ourselves in the power of the
) House, they may send us the whole of these ap-
propriation bills two or three days before the
J adjournment, and we shall be forced to pass them
without examination. I am opposed to fixing any
day until the amendment of the rules, proposed
by the Senator from New Hampshire, is adopted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If it be in order, I would
move a resolution that the Secretary of the Senate
be instructed to notify the House of Represent-
atives, that the Senate will be ready to adjourn in
ten days after we receive the appropriation bills
from the House. As things now stand, it is held
forth to the country that we are responsible for
protracting this session of Congress. I wish it to
be understood thaf tfee Senate are ready to ad-
journ, at any time, as soon as we can receive the
appropriation bills and have time to act upon them.
I suppose ten days' would be sufficient, and would
be the shortest time within which we could act
upon them, if we should be ready to enter upon
their consideration the moment they are received.
I think it is due to the country, I think it is due
to the other House, that they should know why
it is that we are waiting and not fixing a day of
adjournment. We are waiting simply for the
House to send us those bills; #and if the House
can understand officially that that is the reason
why the Senate is waiting, it will probably hasten
the reception of the bills, and will, at any rate, let
both the House and the country know the reason
for the delay.
The PRESIDENT. A proposition of the na-
ture suggested by the Senator from Illinois, will
not be in order.
. Mr. ADAMS. I shall vote against the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Virginia^
with the hope that this body will concur m the
resolution passed by the House, which has b^ln
on our table for the last month. It is suggested
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] that
the appropriation bills may be sent here at so late
a period, that this body will not have an opportu-
nity to act upon them; and the last session has
been referred to as an instance of that. I would
ask that Senator, or any other Senator, whether,
within the last twenty years, he has ever known
any session of Congress, or of any other deliber-
ative body, where the mass of business was not
thrown on the last days of the session ? It is so
every session; and shall we better the matter by
postponing the day of adjournment until the 30th
of August? I think not. I think that if we de-
termine to adjourn on the. 16th of August, the
House will send to the Senate the appropriation
bills as soon as possible. At all events, it'seems
to me the Senate should concur in the resolution
of the House, and then do the best we can. We
have already consumed a great deal of time; and
I think it is due to the Senate, it is due to the coun-
try, it is due to the character of the Congress of
the United States, that we should adjourn very
early. In my humble opinion, we shall make
more character, and do the country more good by
an early adjournment, than by any legislation.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am willing to vote for the
shortest time for adjournment that any Senator
will name; I am willing to vote for the resolution
of the House, which is now under consideration,
if we can first have a vote of the House upon
the resolution which has-been submitted by
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Norris.]
But until we can have that, I am not disposed to
vote for any particular day of adjournment.
There is a responsibility which rests upon this
body in relation to the annual appropriation bills.
When those bills are sent to us al the last week
of the session, we assume that responsibility with-
out being able to perfect those bills. We are
made responsible for acts for which we should not
be held responsible.
Mr. BUTLER. Reject them.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from South Car-
olina says, " reject them." Now, the Senator
from South Carolina knows very well, that, how-
ever obnoxious, however objectionable, or how-
ever wrong may be some of the provisions con-
tamed in an annual appropriation bill, it would be
utter folly to attempt to reject it. If we, there-
fore, proclaim to the House, that we sj>all be
ready to adjourn at any period of time within ten
days after they shall forward to us the appropria-
tion bills, it seems to me that we discharge our
whole duty.
I understood the suggestion made by the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] to be a distinct
motion. I suppose the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia will be first in order; but after the
