a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. I,
had been then confined to his bed so as to deprive
him of the power of leaving arecord in the Senate,
as he (Mr. B.) had left in the House. But it was
very remarkable that every Northern Democratic
Senator, save only the two Senators from Iowa,
was equally sick on that day, and was also con-
lined to his bed. The malady was general, and
only Iowa escaped the contagion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman says he
is sorry that he did not give that bill his support.
I have no doubt of it, sir. The soldier who de-
serts his flag is always sorry, after the victory is
won, that he was not there to help fight the battle.
The gentleman, by refusing to vote upon the bill,
placed himself in that condition (so desirable with
some politicians) to avail himself of advantage
either way, while he was unwilling to hazard any-
thing by the course he pursued. If the bill was
odious to his constituents, he could say, I could
not find it in my conscience to vote for It. If the
returning sense of justice made it acceptable, he
could tsay, I had not time to read what the bill
was.
The gentleman thus situated is selected to an-
nounce to us the fact, that the Whig party have
adopted by their caucus these measures as the
platform upon which alone they are willing to
stand; and m the execution of his mission he de-
nounces as abolitionists and secessionists the whole
Democratic party, because they have seen fit and
proper to defer all these questions to the appro-
priate tribunal, the National Convention, which is
soon to assemble, to be considered and acted upon.
As a Democrat, I have fought for these measures
when the gentleman from New York was enlisted
under the banner of Free-Soil, going quite as far
as him who went furthest.
His conversion has been sudden, and, like all
new converts, his zeal is very great. I ask the
gentleman if modesty should not moderate his de-
nunciations of those who were so lately fighting
side by side with him in the Abolition ranks?
Who, sir, first joined hands and forces in the
North with the Abolitionists ? The Whig party;
and by their votes and their aid they trampled
down and beat the Democrats in more than half
the northern States; and while it is true they forced
some of the Democrats to alliances with Aboli-
-tionists, the only men who at the North opposed
Abolitionism were Democrats. When I fust en-
tered Congress, not one Northern Whig Repre-
sentative could be found to place himself upon
record, except under the lead and side by side with
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings;] while
there were many Democrats from the same sec-
tion (fully half of them) who opposed here, and
before their constituents, Abolitionism and Free-
Soil in all its shapes and phases: I am one of the
number. Sir, it was but recently the whole Whig
press of the North, among whom was the gentle-
man, were in the habit of calling me doughface,
because I could not and would not bow to this
deity, once so supreme with the gentleman.
With the past before me, the gentleman will
pardon me—I beg his forgiveness—if I decline to
follow in his lead; and I hope he will indulge me
while I say to him, that he had better see that he
i  sound himself before he pronounces others so
unsound; that if he will be content to serve in
the ranks awhile, and does good service, by and
by we may promote him to command, as the re-
ward of skill, industry, arid zeal.
But, sir, the gentleman says the Whig party in
caucus have, with great unanimity, agreed to ac-
quiesce in the compromise measures; and he says
that caucus was made up of mostly Northern men.
He also says that Democrats are afraid to put
themselves upon record for these measures. The
fentleman's fancies arefme—his facts unfortunate,
le was a member of this House when those
measures passed, and he knows that they re-
ceived two Democratic votes to one Whi°\
Mr. HARRIS, ofTennessee, (Mr. Richardson
yielding the floor,) said, that during the progress of .
this discussion, he had analyzed the vote by which f
the fugitive slave law had passed the House of
Representatives, and found, upon examination of
the Journal, that eighty-two Democrats voted for
that bill, and only twenty-six Whigs; and this,
too, in a House composed of about an equal num-
ber ofWhigs and Democrats.
Out of seventy-six Whig Representatives from
the North, only three voted for the bill.
And out of only fifty Democratic Representatives
from the North, twenty-eight recorded their
votes for it.
The State of New York had, at that time, thirty-
two Whig Representatives upon this floor, and
not one of them voted for this bill; while the Hon.
Hiram Walden, the only Democratic Representa-
tive from the State, recorded his vote for it. '
In the Senate, there was not a Northern Whig
vote for the bill. And, sir, if gentlemen will take
the trouble to analyze the vote by which the other
bills composing the adjustment were passed, they
will find, as already stated by my honorable friend
from Illinois, that there were about two Democrats
to one Whig that voted for those bills. When
these facts have gone to the country, the people
will be enabled to determine from them to whom
they are indebted for the passage of these meas-
ures and the settlement of those vexed and agita-
ting questions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Are those three Whigs in
this House ? They were in the last House.
Mr. HARRIS. I meant the House of Repre-
sentatives when I used the term. But three '
Whigs of the last House voted for the fugitive j
slave bill. ;
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. How many j
of those Democrats who voted for it have got back !
to this House? j
Mr. HARRIS. There were more Democrats j
returned than Whigs. I see quite a number [
around me—I have not counted them—my friend i
Mr. Richardson, and a number of others. '
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will with pleasure re- j
ply to the inquiry of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] and I am under deep obligations
to him for affording me the opportunity of pla- |
cing this fact before the House and the country. I
Of the twenty-eight Democrats from the North i
who voted for the fugitive slave bill, twelve are !;
members of this House, viz; Messrs. Bissell, j
Dimmick, Dunham, Fuller, Gorman, Hibbard,
M 'Lanalian, Peaslee, Richardson, Robbins, Ross, 1
Wildrick. Mr. Buell, of Michigan, was beaten
by a Whig for the vote he gave for the bill, and it
may be that this Whig was one of those Northern j
Whigs who, in caucus this morning, adopted the :
compromise as the Whig platform. Of the twenty- !
eight Northern Democrats who voted for this bill, :
fifteen were randidates for reelection, twelve elect-
ed, two defeated by Whigs, and one by a Dem-
ocrat.
From all tlie districts in the North represented in
the last Congress by those who voted for the bill,
there are Representatives here as sound as their
predecessors, save it be from the districts where
Whigs have been returned. This is not all; a large
majority of the Democrats of this Congress from
the North are opposed to any and all disturbance
of these measures,but they are forafull and faith-
ful execution of all the laws of the land. But,
sir, where are the Whigs from the North who
| supported the fugitive bill? There were but three
| of them, it is true; only one of them has been
j spared. Are gentlemen candid when they say
] the Northern Whig party, either at home orhere,
j are sound upon these measures—Winthrop, Vin-
! ton, Johnson, bright shining lights, all true and
sound? In what but namedo they differ from the
rankest Abolitionists in the land? They have but
recently been the standard-bearers in their States
of this party that now are in such love with the
Compromise. When I am reduced to the alterna-
tive of selecting between them and Abolitionists,
I could not make a choice. If there are any per- '
sons in this country who are deceived by these |
I professions of Northern Whigs, except themselves,
' I am greatly mistaken. If any of our friends ]
anywhere are deceived by this specious resolution, j
it is because they are anxious to be duped. If any 1
portion of our Southern friends are disposed to !
unite their fortunes with those who are the real I
authors of all those difficulties that have agitated !
the country, they are more anxious to be duped
and deceived than I think they are. It is for them
to make their election.
I am unwilling that the recruit of yesterday shall
dragoon me, after twenty years of contest with
abolitionism. In all that I have done, I have been
actuated by a sense of duty, and a desire to over-
throw those whom I regarded as threatening the ex-
istence of our Government. And, in conclusion,
I have to say to the honorable gentleman from
New York and his Northern Whig friends, who
with so much unanimity adopted the Compro-
mise, that when they shall undo what they have
done, or when they bring their party North to ac-
quiesce in these measures in good faith, by acts
instead of promises that they cannot and will not
perform, the day of agitation is over here. I trust
they have seen the error of their way, and intend
in future to seek and follow in the path of duty.
Several Members. "Call the roll!" "Call
the roll
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I have but $ few
words to say in reply to what has fallen from the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] and from
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] has
said in the course of his remarks that it is the des-
tiny of the Southern Whigs to affiliate with the
Democrats of the North.
M. MEADE. And of the South.
Mr. CABELL. When I left my home in the
South, I did feel it was to be my destiny to affili-
ate with the Democracy of the North. I could
not afliiliate with the Democracy of the South.
The Southern Democracy were, in my opinion, as
wrong on many questions as the Northern Whigs.
They were seeking to tear up the foundations of
our Government, whilst the Abolitionists of the
North were seeking to produce excitement there
that would lead to the same result. I could not
affiliate with the Disunionists and Secessionists of
the South, or with the Abolitionists of the North—
Whig or Democratic.
I came here believing that it was my destiny
to affiliate with the Northern Democrats and
such Southern Democrats as will stand by the
Union and the Constitution as it is. For I
had observed, in the course of my Congres-
sional experience, that there were more sound
men in the Congress of the United States up-
on this question, n the Democratic party than
among the Whigs, and I had confidence in their
assurances for the future. I came here for the
purpose of taking those men by the hand, re-
garding them as brothers, who were willing to
stand with me by the Constitution of the United
State. I will not mention individuals, or 1 might
point to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gor-
man] who has been named by the gentleman from
Illinois, and to the gentleman himself, [Mr. Rich-
ardson.] It was my expectation that I should
act with those men. I was willing, and even ex-
pected, that I should cast my vote for the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] believing that
he would be the nominee of the Democratic party;
that that party, after all their professions on this
subject, would indorse the compromise measures,
which I feared the Whig party would not do.
We had been told all over the South that the
great Democratic party of the country was sound
upon that question.
Mr. POLK, (interposing.) I wish to state a
fact which has not been heretofore stated—that I
introduced that resolution into the Democratic cau-
cus, and that there was not a word uttered in that
caucus in contradiction of the principles embraced
in the resolution. The chief objection was as to
the question of time, and, as it was not a full cau-
cus^ the objection was also raised, that it would
not be right for a portion of the party to take ac-
tion on a great national question of this charac-
ter.
Mr. STANLY. How many were there in the
caucus ?
Mr. POLK. Eighty-nine were present, and I
say, that of those eighty-nine, not one member
gave utterance to a sentiment in contradiction of
the principles embraced in the resolution. We
have a right to ask for time, that we may have
a full expression of the opinion of the Demo-
cratic party.
Mr. HUNTER. Do I understand the gentle-
man as saying that all who were in attendance at
that caucus indorsed the compromise?
Mr. POLK. There was no expression of sen-
timent against it.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. No, not a senti-
ment was uttered against it; but they voted against
it. They voted to lay it on the table. I say,
then, that I came to Congress believing there was
truth in what we had heard, and with a determina-
tion to cut myself loose from all party affiliations;
to stand by those who stood by the rights of my
section of the Union, and by the Constitution of
these States. When I came to the city of Wash-
ington yesterday, I learned that a resolution ap-
