1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
REMOVAL OF SAND BAR. j
Mr. BROOKE submitted the following resolu- j
tion; which was agreed to: i
Resolved, ThatfhcOommitteeon Commerce be instructed 1
to inquire irno die expediency of removing the bar in the 1
Guli of .Mexico, opposite the mouth of East Pascagouia
river, m the State of Miswssippi, and to report the probable >
co>t of the same. i
CLERK OF COMMITTEE. '
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted the following res- ,
olution; which was read three several times and <
passed:
Resolved, That the clerk of the Committee of Claims be :
continued at the usual rate of compensation, and that he be
allowed his compensation Iron) the commencement to the 1
end of Die piesent session. ;
JUDGES OF DISTRICT COURTS. !
Mr. CHASE submitted the following resolution .
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in- '
structed to inquire into the expediency of making the sal-
ary of each judge of a district court of the fJmted States [
equal to mat ot any associate justice of the supreme court 1
ot the State in which the district may be established. '
EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso- !
lution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on PublicBuifdmgsbe in-
structed to inquire how far, and m what direction, the ;
irroundi around the Capitol will liave to be extended m con-
formity with the plan of extension of the building that ha* !
been begun ; how much private property would be included i
m such extension of the grounds; aiid what amount of ,
money wuuld probably be required to purchase said private i
property, and make the necessary improvements of the ,
grounds m ennsequencc of the extension.
STRYKER'S AiNNUAL REGISTER. :
♦The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Seward the 29th instant, rel- :
ative to Stryker's Annual Register; and if was
agreed to. :
MILEAGE OF DELEGATE FROM OREGON. ;
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the House bill !
to regulate the mileage of the Delegate from the '
Territory of Oregon was taken from the table, and ;
referred to the Committee on the Territories. j
GOLD AND SILVER COINAGE. ;
The following engrossed bill was read a third !
time, and passed: ** An act amendatory of exist- :
ing law;s relative to the half dollar, quarter dollar, !
dime, and half dime}" if having first been amended,
on the motion of Mr. Hunter, so as to take effect ;
from the first of June next, instead of the first of '
May.
COMFEInSATIOK OF DISTRICT JUDGES. i
The PRESIDENT announced the special order '
to be the unfinished business of yesterday, being j
the bill increasing the salary of toe district judge '
of the Uni'eu Stales for the district of New Hamp- j
shire. !
Mr. Cz"VV IN. I hope that will not be taken ud !
now. I supposed the California dry-dock bill was
the special order. :
The PRESIDENT. This is ihe unfinished !
business. :
Mr GVVIN. Then 1 move to postpone this '
bi'i m order to take up the California navy-yard I
djl. I Jo not make this motion from any feeling :
of opposition to this bill. ;
Mr. HALE. It will take but a moment to dis- ,
pose of this bil\ 1 think gentlemen talked as |
much about it yesterday as they intend to talk. \
Everybody but one Senator is in favor of t3xe bill. 1
The motion to postpone was not agreed to; and '
the Senate resumed the consideration of the bill as 1
m Committee of the Whole. 1
Mr. ATCHISON. Iunderstood yesterday, that [
the present salary of this judge is $1,000. I un- j
der loodfuTherfrom the Senator from New Hamp- '
shire that the chief justice of the court of appeals ;
of New Hampshire receives $1,400. I am op-
posed to increasing the pay of the judges, and for
this reason: these offices are more sought after;
than any other. The tenure of office is a matter
of vast importance. Judges of the United States
hold their office for hfe, o\ rather,during good be- ,
hn\io . and the very best lawyers in every State '
of this Union, greedily seek for the office of dis- ■
triet nuke <>f the United States, and that, too, at '■
the p\-es*e'nt rate of salary. If the business of the
United SinifK courts in the State of New Hamp- ;
shire, should increase, so as to require another :
judge, I should be perfectly willing to divide the :
State, and provide for the appointment of another
judge, with the same salary of $1,000.
Mr. President, you find that every office in this
Government, from the highest to the lowest, is
greedily sought after; and that, too, by men com-
; petent to fill them; and more particularly in the
-judicial branch of the Government. If a vacan-
, cy should happen in this office, you would find
, perhaps, half a dozen or a dozen applicants—the
, very best lawyers in the State of New Hamp-
1 shire—at the present salary. So it is in almost
; every State of this Union. So soon as an office
; is to be obtained, whether it be a judicial, an ex-
ecutive, or a ministerial office, in this Govern-
ment, crowds of candidates annoy everybody,
from the President of the United States down—
, particularly members of Congress—for their m-
' fiuence to obtain these appointments at the exist-
! mg salaries. So soon as the ofiice is obtained,
1 day after day, session after session, you find ap-
plicants from every department of this Govern-
! ment for increased compensation. The clerks of
, the new census bureau, the marshals, the deputy
marshals, whose pay was fixed mathematically,
by the cube oi square root, are all applying for
an increase of pay. The officers of the Senate,
and of the House of Representatives, also, are all
applying for an increase of pay; and they get it,
too.
Now, it is evidence, strong as holy writ, to me,
that when there are crowds of applicants for an
office, at the present rate of salary, (for this is the
first thing applicants look after,) and obtain it,
the compensation paid is a sufficientand adequate
one. Why, I should not be at all astonished
if, m the course of a very short time, there
was a clamor raised in both Houses of Congress
for an mciease of the pay of members. You
hear a low murmur now, particularly since the
extra mileage has been cut off, that there is an in-
sufficient and inadequate compensation for mem-
bers of Congress. I think that whenever we
shall have evidence that the salaries are insuffi-
cient, and when that evidence shall be furnished
by the fact, that competent men refuse to accept
these offices, it will be time enough to raise them.
When a man holds an ofiice, it is human nature
for him to clamor for an increase of pay. it i*
done m theanny; it is done in the mivy; it ih done
in every department of the Government. For
one. I am not disposed to gratify these persons.
Mr. HALE, i suppose that the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri, when he speaks of what took
place when there was a vacancy in the office of
district judge of New Hampshire, speaks rather
from his general impressions of what may have
been the case, than from any knowledge of what
did actually occur, if there was any such rush
for that place as he speaks of, I confess that it has
escaped my knowledge. I knew nothing of it.
But the argument that these offices, generally, are
sought after at the present compensation, and that
it is evidence that the compensation is high enough,
it seems to me, if it proves anything, it proves a
great deal too much. Let me suppose, for in-
stance, that the compensation of Senators, was
stricken down from eight dollars to six dollars a
day, would there be no rush then: Then, to carry
the argument further, suppose the pay of Senators
were reduced to four dollars a day, would these
places thpn be unsought? Or, if they were put
upon the same footing as seats in the British
House of Commons, and no compensation at all,
were p'o.d, would there be no gentlemen of ambi-
tion, and patriotism, and means enough, who
would be willing to fill these places ? The argu-
ment, if it proves anything, H seems fo me. proves
a great deal too much: and the honorable Senator,
mollis zeal to vindicate the pure democracy of the
question, has leaned over on the other side. I
sav that so far as the past experience of things
goes, the argument is not true. Jt is not true that
the compensation paid is evidence of the justness
and accuracy of it.' if it be, then the messengers
of the Senate, earn more, and are entitled to more
compensation than the judges of our courts.
Now, this question presents itself simply and
plainly here: is a thousand dollars such a sa'ary
as is adequate to the compensation of a man,
whom, by law, you debar from devoting his tal-
ents to any other occupation? If it is, say so. If
it is sufficient in New Hampshire, it is sufficient
in other places. I do not think that it is much
cheaper to live m New Hampshire than it is
in Illinois, as my friend from Illinois [Mr. Shields]
yesterday suggested. I suppose that -the materials
that are necessary for the comfortable support of
life costs quite as much in New Hampshire as in
any other place in the Union, excepting always
the large cities, such as Boston, New York, and
Philadelphia. It seems to me, that because the
gentleman who holds this office at present does not
resign and throw it up, you are not to infer that
he receives a sufficient compensation. Suppose he
was to resign, and Congress should issue propo-
sals to let the office of district judge for the dis-
trict of New Hampshire to the man that would
fill it for the lowest compensation, I do not doubt
that you could get men who would come forward
and contract to fill it for a dollar a day. I do not
doubt that there could be found men who would
come, even from the far West, who would leave
the fertile valleys of the great West, to discharge
these duties for a much less compensation. But
they would be of a character such as was described
by an honorable Senator from South Carolina,
some time ago, when speaking of this class of
men. They would be men who would resort to
refectories and oyster-shops for their entertain-
ment; they would be vulgar in their deportment,
and unqualified, by their education, tastes, and
habits, to discharge the duties of the situation to
which they aspired. The fact tfhat men can be
found who are willing to take this office for a low
compensation—less than what is actually paid—
is no evidence that the compensation is adequate.
We owe something to ourselves. We owe some-
thing to the character of the judiciary. We owe
something to the reputation of ourselves and the
men whom we call to these placed. And what
would comport with all these considerations, it
seems to me, is the salary we should pay. But
this matter was sufficiently discussed yesterday,
and I do not wish any longer to take up the time
of the Senate, but I hope we shall come to a vote.
Mr. ATCHISON. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the bill, it is to strike out $1,600, and
insert $1,400, which seems to be the compensation
fixed by the Legislature—the law-making power—■
of New Hampshire, for the chief justice of the
court of appeals in that State.
Mr. CLARKE. Allow me to say, that I think
mv fnend from Missouri is wrong in his estimate
of tlie salary which is required for this judicial offi-
cer of the United States. If the people of New
Hampshire only give their supreme judge $1,400,
we all know that the Government of the United
States selects its own officers from the highest ju-
dicial talent which there is in n State. Now, sh,
when the Government of the United States has
made this selection in New Hampshire, and has
appointed an individual, eminent for talent, capa-
city, and integrity, as district judge of that State,
it leaves only to "the people of New Hampshire
to take him who is second to that individual; and,
theiefore, I think that the discrimination made by
my friend from Missouri is wrong. We ought
to pay the man, who is selected as being the best
man m New Hampshire, a larger salnry titan the
good people of New Hampshire themselves would
pay to the individual whom they select, who is
under their control, and whom, v'hen he conducts
himself improperly, they can displace. Under
these circumstances, i think the Senator's position
is wrong; and we are bound to pay for the talent
we extract from New Hampshire, a larger salary
than the people of that State give to the judge of
their supreme court.
Mr. CHASE. By the resolution vvhich I laid
upon the tab!2 this morning, I indicated the gen-
eral principle that, would govern my vote in a case
of this kind. 1 am quite willing that the judges of
the coons of the United States shall be paid full
and adequate salaries 1 think  hat full and ade-
quate salaries are necessary to command the proper
talent for such stations. But,in forming my judg-
ment as to what is an adequate salary, I shall be
governed always, in some degree, by the action
of the State Legislature in whirh the district is
established. I learn from my friend from New
Hampshire, that the associate judges of the su-
preme court nf his State are paid $1,200 a year.
We all know perfectly well that the duties of the
associate judges of the supreme court of a State
are far more arduous than those of a district judge
can possibly be; and if seems to inethat, if we
place these salaries upon the footing, in all the
States, of those of the associate judges, we will do
