1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1785
question shall be taken upon his motion to amend,
I suppose it will be in order to move to amend the
resolution by striking out the whole of it, and
passing in its place a resolution that the Senate
will be ready to adjourn within ten days after the
appropriation bills shall be sent to it from the
House; or let the resolution lie upon the table
until the Senator from New Hampshire shall have
the opportunity of passing his amendment to the
joint rules, and send it to the House, and let them
concur 111 it. 1 will then vote to adjourn on the
ICth of August, or at any time after they shall
give us ten days to pass upon the appropriation
bills; and, in my judgment, that is a very limited
time.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, there are two
classes of objections to the amendment which I .
liave proposed. The Senator from Illinois [Mr. j
Shields] objects that it is unsafe to fix any day for
adjournment at all until we get the appropriation J
bills, and in that he is sustained by the Senator ,
from Maine. The Senator from Mississippi, and -I
some others, think we ought to adopt the resolu-
tion as it came from the House, and fix the time >
of adjournment for the 16th of August. I am ;
inclined to think that it would not be wise to wait
nnt'l the appropriation bills are sent from the ,
House, but that it would be more politic to fix '
some day, by which the business of the country
could be treflisacted, if the two Houses were dis-
posed to do so, not only because it is proper in :
itself, but because it is usual, and operates as a
sort of notice between the two Houses that the ses-
sion is to terminate at that time, and they apply
themselves more closely to business after the day '
of adjournment is fixed. Such has been our ex-
perience heretofore.
I doubt, if we were to fix no day, whether the
expropriation bills would be here by the end of
\neust. I think it probable that the House would
Mill continue to delay, and that we might have
that series of debates in which Congress has been
encased for some time past.
Neither do I think it would be altogether cour-
teous or proper to send to the House such a res-
olution as my friend from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
know that if we were to work diligently from now
until the 30th of August, it would be as much as
we could do to dispatch properly the business
connected with the appropriation bills, and certain
other bills relating to the business of the country,
some of which we have sent down to the House,
and some of which are yet to be considered—bills
of great importance. I do not think, therefore,
that it would be safe to fix any day earlier than
the 30th of August, and yet I think we ought to
fix on the first day we can, with safety, to operate
by way of notice to the House and to the coun-
try that we intend to get through, if possible, by ,
that day, and I think it would be an inducement
to the House th' mselves to do business more '
rapidly. i
Mr. BUTLER. I made a remark just now :
which, pet haps, I might as well explain. I in- 1
timated that it would be proper in some cases to
reject the appropriation bills. I say so again. If
the House give us notice that they will adjourn ;
on the 16th of August, and they fail to send us ,
the aporopriation bills within such time as they
themselves have indicated, I say, for one, on the
responsibility of a Senator, that I would not take
their bills blindly; but I would be willing to reject
the bad ones, and leave the responsibility with
them. I want no controversy between the two
Houses; and when the intimation is thrown out
. that the House has not transacted business with
i dispatch, 1 think we might as well look to some
' delays m this body, occasioned by such discus-
l sions as took place with regard to the Collins
i line. . , ,
i Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have no pro-
I fessions to make of my desire to go home, or of
i my willingness to adjourn. I will let that mattei
t take care of itself; but I want to call the attention
1 of the Senate to the fact, that two years ago we
; agreed, I do not know exactly when, to adjourn
i oil the 30th of September. On the 24th of Sep-
i teinbei', six days before that, we had an appropri-
' ation bill sent to us from the House, making an
'i appropriation of some §10,000,000 for the naval
I service of the United States. That was commit-
Olulluil my  L- —
proooses to send. He proposes to send our bee ^
reta'ry down to the House to say that   within ten ,
(lavs after von send us the appropriation bills we j
will be 1-endv to adjourn." It would be, in effect, ^
s'vi'v " nothing prevents us from adjourning but ,j
your nedect to discharge your appropriate func-
tions and duties." o
Mr. GWh\T. It is true. 'j
Mr HUNTER If it be true, it would scarcely ,
be'eourteous in us to say this to the other House.
It seems to me that it would be improper. 1
believe that if the appropriation bills were here, i
^ could perhaps JF through with them "ten
days, but it would be very hard work I tnink
thai would be hardly time enough to a low. Le-
bides. what would be the meaning of the pnrase?
Should we wait for ten days after ail the appro-
priation bil's set here, or ten days after the first
one : They have already sent us two appropria-
te-, bills—-verv small ones it is true—pension
bills, which have been acted on. If it means that
ut shall be ready to adjourn ten days aftei the
't umronr.otioJbill shall be sent to us, it.might .
be more time than would be necessary for the ■
consideration of any one bill. But I think u is ,
objectionable on the ground that it would be con-
sidered discourteous,-and would engage us m
depute, with the other House, whicn 1 wish to
a%0.i the Other hand, it is my opinion, from what
I cm learn, and I have endeavored to ascertain
for* I ,.m anxious to fix as early a day as the Sen-
ator from Mississippi or any other geinleman
that we cannot get through \vitn 'ie
business of the country by toe 16th o. A«=u >
even if the House and the Senate weie botn to
work as long and as much as could reasona,, y oe
^Y'-ifrtpd of them. We not only ha\e an ine
nvun -opropriation bills to act upon, except the
pension bills to which I have referred
but we have a vast mass of other business up
the Calendar which ought to be attended t.
I.,Id that the House has done very lit le m re
Za o ,'uva'e claims. It will probably be msist-
,'1>at it shall devote some two or thiee
*1 "■ t11 ■ <• Piivtte Calendar, before it adjourns;
aiid it is n"lK proi'er that it should do some-
thing for the relief of private claimants. We all
service oi uii um™ ,
ted to our anpropriate committee; and, Sunday
intervening on the 28th of September, when we
had to adjourn on the 30th, we had, fof the first
time, under consideration that bill making appro- ,
priations to the amount of 10,000,000. I had
o-iven some attention to the subject, and 1 asked
to have that hill read through once, and I remem-
ber that half a dozen or a dozen Senators got
around me immediately, begging, for God s sake,
that I would not be so factious, but that 1 would
withdraw the request to have read through once a
bill that was to appropriate about as mucn money
as it used to cost that " extravagant" administra-
tion of John Gtuincy Adams to get through the
year with. But I believe the bill was read through
. once, and on that day it was^passed. It was re-
marked by a Senator froin JNorth Carohna, [Mi.
Bidg"R,1 that it was within his knowledge tnat -
Senators then voted against their convictmns, be-
1 cau^e they said, there was no time to consider
amendments. He mentioned a fact which is
■ within the recollection of many Senators who now ,
hear me, that an honorable Senator from '^en- j
tu"kv, now deceased, was in his place, and voted
■ with'me on an amendment, merely because, he
1 said, there was not time to consider it; and his ^
1 vote was given against his judgment because theie ,
• was no time. ,,, . tX ,
• Now, I am not willing to put myself in .Ut .
: position. I Will not vote for any aay ,30th 01
40th that may be named, until I am sure tne busi
' uess'of the Senate is in such a position that I may
acquit myself of the responsibility which belongs
to me—and I conceive that I have some-as an
individual Senator, of exercising my deuoeiame
judgment upon the appropriation bihs vvmenn-a)
be sent here. . , ... ,
" I remember,too, one very important bill, a bill
linkin"- aporopriations for all the light-houses of
the United States—a matter of very great import-
ance to commerce—and the question was how fas
our clerks could run from here to the House, and
from the House to the President s, to get that
. ht-house bill signed. I believe it was estimated
hat if our clerks could run from here to the House
and from there back to the President s room, and
hen here a-am in five minutes, it might be passed.
Five imnutes was all the time « e had under the
posfdin in which we voluntarily put ourselves,
for the consideration of a bill making appropria-
tes for all the light-houses in the United States,
Now, sir, I am willing to take the responsibility
and the odium, if any odium comes with it, of
absolutely refusing to fix any day for adjournment
until we can be satisfied that we shall be in a situ-
ation in which we may discharge the responsibili-
ties which belong to us, by deliberately consider-
ing the propositions made to us to appropriate the
money of the people.
Mr. BORLAND. I am as anxious as any one
to adjourn, and I think the Senator from Missis-
sippi gave some good reasons'why we should ad-
journ atan early day. There was one other which _
-he might have added, which I confess has a good
deal of influence with me, in desiring to adjourn
at an early day; that is, that it would greatly pro-
mote the comfort of Senators and members of.the
other House, as well as the character of Congress.
But, sir, my constituents are too much interested
in important measures which are now pending be-
fore Congress, to permit me to vote foran adjourn-
ment at a day so early that it would almost inev-
itably prevent the passage of these bills by refus-
ing them time. I would adjourn next week if the
business which we have before us could be acted
upon by that time. I do not believe that can be
the case. I do not believe it can beacted upon by
the 16th of August. I doubt whether many im-
portant measures can be acted upon by the 30th
of August. But as that time seems to have met
the views of Senators, and there seems to be some
good reason why we might get through with the
important business by that time, 1 shall vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia,
i But, Mr. President, I think there is one consid-
! eration—and it seems to be the main one brought
! forward here against an early adjournment—which
has very little foundation in fact. It is the im-
portance of passing the appropriation bills. In
view of what has been the action of this Govern-
ment within the last year especially—I speak of
I the Executive Government—I do in all conscience,
! believe that it is a matter of comparatively little im-
j portance whether we pass the appropriation bills
! or not in advance for the public service. Ihe ben-
i ator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] as chairman
of the Committee on Finance, is ready this morning
to report the deficiency bill, which yesterday came
back from the House; which bill proves clearly
and conclusively, that whether we pass the appro-
priation bills or not, or whether we put items m
them or not of a particular character, the fcxfic-
utive finds no difficulty in carrying on the Gov-
ernment. If it be lawful, if it be right for that
Department of the Government to contract obli-
gations, incur expenses, and use the public tunas
in the administration of the Government with-
out an appropriation by law, then all this anx-
iety and solicitude which Senators manifest on
the subject of the appropriation bills has, jn my
1 opinion, very little to do with the merits of the
I question. Suppose we pass an appropriation bill,
i supnose, in our discretion, we appropriate only
1 half as much as the Executive Department of the
■ Government said would benecessaiy, does that
: make any difference as to the amount? Suppose
1 we leave out three, five, ten, or twenty millions
I from the fifty or sixty millions per annum winch
i I suppose we shall have to use for the expenses
• "of the Government under this Administration, will
i that lessen the expenses of the Government? If
' we may judge from the past, it will serve but as a
1 stimulant to expend more. I do not know but if
i we were to leave it to the discretion of the Exec-
i utive altogether, that we should gam sometmng
for the public interest; for when, last year, we re-
fused an appropriation asked for by the Executive.
1 that Department, in disregard of our refusal, went
on and not only expended what we refused but
1 made the amount a little larger, if I am capable of
making the calculation. ^
Mr SEW4RD. I shall vote tor the amend-
; ment proposed by the Senator from Virginia, be-
•' cause I am satisfied tnat it is the duty of the Sen-
ate to cooperate with the House in bringing this
' session to a close within a reasonable ume. 1
i have never known a legislative body to adjourn in
any other way, except by a prorogation power
i elsewhere, or by resolution similar to this. I nave
! never known any deliberative body that adjourned
itself in any other way than by a resolution mtro-
: duced in one House, passed, and sent to the other
to meat its approbation, fixing a day m auvance,
