1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
at which time it was supposed, upon consultation,
that both would probably get through the business
before them. I can see very well that we shall
not be prepared to adjourn on the day nara^ by
the House of Representatives, but if we extend
the time a fortnight, and give them notice now, if
they act as they have always acted, and as all
legislative bodies with which I have had< any
acquaintance have acted, they will then address
themselves to the business that devolves upon
them. The amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia strikes me as being reasonable and practica-
ble, and I am sure we shall never adjourn in any
other way but by the passage of a resolution.
Mr. MILLEft. I have been a member of this
body about ten years, and at the end of every
long session of Congress during that time, we have
had the same difficulty in fixing the time of ad-
journment. If gentlemen will turn their attention
to the debates which took place whenever a reso-,
lution of this kind came from the House, they will
find that what has been said to-day is nothing
more than a repetition of what has been said be-
fore—the difficulty of getting through the business
at the time fixed by the House; and yet experi-
ence has shown that we never commence really to
work up the business of the nation until the House
designates the time of adjournment. When the
period is once fixed, we go to work knowing the
time we have and the business likely to come be-
fore us, and prepare ourselves to adjourn at the
time fixed by the two Houses. With regard to
the general appropriation bills, I think there are
more difficulties suggested here than actually ex-
ist. The principal and most important matters
contained in those bills are national matters. We
all understand generally what they ought to be;
and it is not necessary for the body to wait until
the House sends them to us for the purpose of
calling our attention to them. All these matters
are thought of by honorable Senators. They
know generally the nature of the appropriation
bills, and are prepared to act upon them when
they come. The respective committees of the
Senate have already considered, I have no doubt,
many of the important matters contained in them.
When they have come here, the difficulty has not
been with regard to the important matters con-
tained in them, for want of a proper investigation,
but on account of some factious opposition fre-
quently made to certain appropriations. Now,
that opposition will be made, no matter how far
distant you may fix the day. If you fix as the
clay the 1st of October, you will find the same
difficulty when the time arrives. I also under-
stand that the other House is now prepared, and
intend to take up immediately the appropriation
bills. They have already changed their hour of
meeting from twelve to eleven o'clock, and I have
no doubt that the appropriation bills will be taken
up and acted upon by that body on or about the
1st of August. I think we might get through the
business at the time fixed by the House, but for
fear there may be some difficulty in that, I am
willing* to vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not intend to make a
speech upon the subject, but merely to state the
reasons why I shall vote for the original resolu-
tion. It is said by every Senator that we are anx-
ious to adjourn, and such I believe to be thefeeling
of all. It is stated by the Senator from Illinois,
that we can adjourn within ten days after the re-
ception of the appropriation bills; and that if we
do not adjourn the fault wfll be with the House of
Representatives. The House of Representatives
have announced to us by resolution, that they
will be ready to adjourn on the 16th of August.
Are they not the best judges of their own power
and capacity to discharge the duty incumbent on
them? And are we going to give an excuse for
the extension of this session of Congress, by add-
ing fifteen or sixteen days to the session, thereby
changing the onus before the public from the House
to the Senate? My own judgment is, that the
House of Representatives will send us the whole
of these bills, at least by the 4th or 5th of next
month—especially as they have said so; and that
we can take up the whole of the measures and
carry them through, and be prepared to adjourn
at the time designate^. What is to prevent us?
Is it not known to every Senator who has been
here during the sessions limited by the Constitu-
tion to ninety days, that no business is transacted
prior to the 1st day of January, ensuing our meet-
ing; and that scarcely ever is an appropriation
bill reported to the House of Representatives Be-
fore the 1st of February? .And yet we always
adjourn on the 4th of March, as required by the
Constitution. What, now, is the object of this
limitation ? To place upon us the same necessity
in the long session, which we have prolonged for
nine months, as the Constitution places upon us
for a shoit session. We shall then act more and
talk less, and debate no measure that it is not de-
sirable to pass. I therefore shall vote against the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia; and I
say to him, in doing so, that 1 have great confi-
dence in his judgment; but he ought not to seek to
be the judge of the House of Representatives; he
ought hot to take it upon himself to say that the
House of Representatives will not do what they
have proposed to do. They have said that they
will be ready to adjourn on the 16th of August.
Let us pass the resolution. If there should be
any failure, by our concurring in it, and we should
be driven to the inevitable necessity of passing
another resolution extending the time of the ad-
journment, the fault will not be burs, but will be
that of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to state a fact, which
is made necessary by the remarks of the Senator
from Georgia. I am not assuming to be the judge
of the other House. 1 have consulted with some
of the experienced members.of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and from what they tell me,it
will be unsafe to adjourn before the 30th of Au-
gust.
Mr. DAWSON. The Senator wiJl pardon me
for saying that we have their declaration in the
resolution. It is their public act before the coun-
try. By that we are to be judged; not by the
private conversation of some of their members.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to make a statement.
I think it may relieve us from embarrassment.
Perhaps we had better keep the resolution in our
own power. Let it lie on the table; and let us
adapt our action upon it to the action of the House.
I should dislike to send it back. -I would rather
have the original resolution in our power, and
await some further action of the House on the
business before them.
Mr. GW1N. No member of the Senate is
more anxious for an early adjournment than I am;
for unless we adjourn early, it will be impossible
for the Senators and Representatives from Cali-
fornia- to go home before the next session; but I
shall not vote for any day of adjournment until
we get the appropriation bills from the House of
Representatives. I had some little experience on
that subject during the last Congress. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] has al-
luded to what took place during the last long ses-
sion of Congress. The light-house bill passed
here without even being read. He might have
named that; and the bill at the last session was
passed also without being read; and it contained
provisions which makea perfectmass of nonsense,
so far as portions of my State are concerned. I
think this experience, which we have had so re-
cently, should induce us to withhold our assent
from any adjournment until we have an opportu-
nity of examining such important bills. I am
! therefore entirely opposed to fixing a day of ad-
j journment now. I think it is a matter of necessity
j that we should have some assurance of receiving
1 the appropriation bills from the House in a rea-
■ sonable time, before we come to a determination
I upon an adjournment. They have not taken bills
| from the Speaker's table which we passed months
, ago. Talk about the progress of business made
by that House! They have made no progress.
! We cannot judge of the future by the past; or, if
! we can, there will be no adjournment at all. We
■ should not put it out of our power to examine the
' appropriation bills when they send them to us. I
hope, therefore, there will be no action here on
this subject until we have some evidence that we
shall have time to examine those bills, or, at least,
until the passage of the amendment to the rules
proposed by the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Norris.] I hope that amendment may be
agreed to; and, in the mean time, I move to lay
'i the resolution on the table.
|i Mr. ADAMS asked for the yeas and nays on
i, the motion, and they were ordered; and being
I] taken resulted—yeas 12, nays 34; as follow:
!l YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Geyer,
Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Norris, Rusk, Shields, Sumner, and
Walker—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard. Bell, Bor-
land, Bright, Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, ChaiMon, Chase,
Clarke, Cooper, Dawson, De Saussure, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Feleh, Foot, Hunter, James, King, Mallory, Mason,
Meriwether, Miller, Pratt, S.ebasuan^ Seward, Smith,
Soul6, Spruance, Toucey, Upliain, and Wade—34.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I move to" postpone the further
consideration of the subject until to-morrow. If.
we go on with it now we shall inevitably consume
the whole day in debating-it. The chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs yesterday gave
notice that he would to-day call up a most import-
ant bill, which was reported from that committee
—one that is extremely important to the country,
as it is to the State I represent, for we are con-
stantly being murdered by the Indians there; and
I hope it will be taken up and considered.
Several Senators. We can vote on the res-
olution now.
Mr. RUSK. I withdrawthe motion, if we can
come to a vote.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 22, nays 22; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Borland, Bii?ht, Brod-
head, Brooke, Butler, Charlton, Dodge of Iowa, Felch,
Foot, Hunter, James, Mason, Miller, Sebastian, Seward,
Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Upham? and Wade—2-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Chase, Clarke, Cooper,
Davis, Dawson, De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Geyer,
Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, King, MaNory, Norris, Pratt, Rusk,
Shields, Soul6, Toucey, and Walker—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MERIWETHER, when his name was
called, said: I ask to be excused from voting.
The question is one on which I do not feel pre-
pared to vote, not being apprised of the state of
the business before Congress.
The PRESIDENT. If such is the pleasure of
the Senate the gentleman will be excused.
Mr. SHIELDS. If it be in order now, I will
move to lay the resolution on the table. My
reason for it is, that I think we are going to get
into some difficulty. I really apprehend, though
I am anxious to adjourn on the day designated
by the House, that the business is not in such a
way as to enable us to do so. I am anxious to
adjourn; but I should prefer to keep this resolu-
tion in our own power for the present. I suggest
to the Senator from Virginia, whether it will at all
retard the business, to keep it a week longer in
our power ? I am as anxious to adjourn as he is;
but there are so many important bills to be acted
upon, that 1 think if weadjourn on the 16th,from
the way the House transacts business, we shall
disappoint the country. If it be competent, I will
move to lay the resolution on the table, for the
purpose of taking it up again at a proper time, as
soon as we ascertain the state of things in the
House. I do not feel prepared to vote for it now
as it stands.
Several Senators. Move to postpone it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will change my motion,
and move to postpone the further consideration of
the resolution until this day week. By that time
I think the House will have taken some action,
which will enable us to act more intelligently.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that motion will prevail.
It is hardly worth while for me to go into the
reasons; but I really should be glad to know
whether we can accomplish the business which is
indispensably necessary before we fix upon the
day of adjournment. I think we have been put
to great inconvenience, and done injustice to our-
selves and to the country, by the hurried manner
in which we have heretofore been obliged, at the
close of the session, to vote upon important bills.
All the important bills of the session are in the
rear at this moment—more in the rear than at any
session which has occurred. I should be glad to
experiment a little before the resolution is disposed
of, to see what progress we can make. Whenever
we can see day-light in regard to an adjournment,
the earlier the better; but I should be loth to go
away without discharging our obligations to the
country, by passing the necessary appropriation
and other bills. By passing the resolution, we
may throw the opportunity of discharging our
duty out qf our hands. We came very near it,
at the session before the last. We were driven
within three or four hours of the last moments of
the session, to pass the most important business
