1851.
THE «ONGBB§§IONAL GLOBE.
•«r
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Forney—Messrs. Abercronibie, Aiken, Allen of
Illinois, Andrews, Aiipleton of Maine, Ashe, Averett, Bab-
cock, Bartlett, Bailey of Georgia. Bayly of Virginia, Bo-
cock, Sragg, Breckenndge, Buell, Busby, Cable of Ohio,
- Campbell of Illinois, Carlter, Caskie, Cbastain, 'Church-
well, Clark, Cleveland, CobbJ Curtis, Daniel, Davis of
Indiana, Dawson. Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Eastman, Edmnndson, Edgerton. FickJm,
Fitch, Florence, Floyd, Freeipan, Puller of Maine, Gam-
ble, Gaylord, Gorman, Green, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Hams of Tennessee, Harris of Alabama,- Hart,
Hendricks, Hetm, Hibbard, Hiliyer, Holladay, houston,
Haw ot New York, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins,
Johnson of Tennessee, Johnson of Georgia, Johnson of
Ohio, Johnson of Arkansas, Jones of New York. Jones of
Tennessee, Jones of Pennsylvania, King of New York,
Kuhns, Kurtz, Letcher, Loekhart, Mace, Marshall of
California, Mason, AfcCorkle, McDonald, McLanahan,
McMullen, McNair, Meade, Milison, Molony, Morrison,
Murphy, Murray, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Parker of Pennsylva-
mo, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Polk, Powell, Price, Rantoul,
Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Robie, Robinson, Ross, Rus-
sell, Savage, Scurry, Seymour of New York, Seymour of
Connecticut, Skelton, Smart, Smith, Snow, Stanton of
Tennessee, Stanton of Kentucky, Stratton, Stuart, Suth-
erland, Sweetser, Thompson of Virginia, Thurston, Ven-
ablc, Wilcox, and Wildnck.
For Mr. Walker—Messrs. Appleton of Massachusetts,
Barrere, Bell, Bennett, Bibigbaus, Bowie, Bowne, Bren-
ton, Briggs, Brooks, Brown of New Jersev, Burrows, Cab-
ell of Florida, Caldwell, Campbell of Ohio, Chandler,
Chapman, Clingman, Conger, Davis of Massachusetts,
Doclcery, Duncan, Evans, Ewing, Fowler, Goodenow,
Goodrich, Grey, Harper, Haw?, Hascall, Haven, Hebard,
Rorsford, John W. Howe, Hunter, King of Rhode Island
Mann, Marshall of Kentucky, Martin, Meacham, Miller,
Moore of Pennsylvania, Morehead, Newton, Outlaw, Par-
ker of rndiana, Penniman, Porter, Sackett, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scudder, Stanly, Stanton of
Ohio, Stevens of Pennsylvania, Strother, Tavlor, Thomp-
son of Massachusetts, Toombs, Tuck, Walbridge, Walsh,
Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, White of Ken-
tucky, Williams, and Yates.
For Mr. Stanshury—Messrs. Allen of Massachusetts,
Giddings, and Townshend.
Fcr Mr. Darcy—Messrs. Allison, and Thomas M. Howe.
For Mr. Young—Messrs. Colcock and Woodward.'
Mr. Forney having received a majority of the
whole number of votes cast for Clerk, was declared
to be duly elected; and he came forward to the
Speaker's-chair and was qualified by taking the
usual oath of office.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. FOWLER offered the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the daily hour to which this House shall
stand adjourned shall be twelve o'clock, until otherwise
ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, rose for the pur-
pose of saying, that if no gentleman on the other
side of the House objected, he would offer a reso-
lution to save time in regard to the election of
Sergeant-at-Arms. It was read as follows:
Resolved, That A. J. Glossbrenner be and he is hereby
declared Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Representa-
tives for the Thirty-second Congress.
Mr. MACE suggested that the name of Z. W.
McKnew be inserted for Doorkeeper, and that of
John M. Johnson for Postmaster for the Thirty/-
second Congress.
There being no objection, the resolution was $0
modified and unanimously agreed to.  
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote on the adoption of the resolution,
and to lay that motion on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
The above officers then presented themselves at'
the Speaker's table, and were severally sworn in.
seats of members.
Mr.HIBBARD offered a resolution; which was
read as follows, viz:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House immediately after
the passage of this resolution place in a box the name of
each member and delegate of the House of Represent-
atives on a separate piece of paper ; that he then proceed
in presence of the House to draw from said box, one at
a time, the said pieces of paper; and as each is drawn,
he shall announce the name of the member or delegate
upon it, who shall then choose his seat for the present
session, provided that before said drawing ?hall commence,
the Speaker shall cause every seat to be vacated, and shall
see that every seat continues vacant until it is selected
under this order.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON, the House
then adjourned.
the nght of way, and a portion of the public lands, to aid
In the construction" of a railroad from Hannibal to Saint
Joseph, in said State.
By Mr. 'PHELPS: A bill granting the right of way, and
making a grant of land to the State of Missouri in aid of
the construction of a railroad from St. Louis to the western
fine of said State.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
By Mr. SMART: A bill to regulate the publication of
the laws of the United States and the publication of the
advertisements.
Also, a bill to prohibit the prosecution of claims against
the United States by the heads of Departments, and Sena-
tors and Representatives in Congress.
By Mr. HALL: A bill granting to ths^State of Missouri
IN SjENATE.
Tuesday, December 2, 1851.
Prayer by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. Hunter, of Virginia, appeared in his seat
this morning.
ORGANIZATION OF THE TWO HOUSES.
The following message from the House of Rep-
resentatives was delivered by Mr. Forney, its
Clerk:
Mr. President: I am directed to inform the Senate that
a quorum of the House of Representatives has assembled;
that Linn Boyd, one of the Representatives from the State
of Kentucky, has been chosen Speaker; John W. For-
ney, of Pennsylvania, Clerk; and that the House is ready
to proceed to business.
I am also directed to inform the Senate, that the House of
Representatives has passed a resolution for the appoint-
ment of a committee jointly with such committee as may
be appointed on the part of the Senate, to wait on the Pres-
ident of the United States, and inform him that a quorum
of the two Houses lias assembled, and that Congress is
ready to receive any communication lie may be pleased to
make; and that Mr. Bayly of Virgfnia, Mr. Haven of
New York, and Mr. Jones of Tennessee, have been ap-
pointed the committee on the part of the House.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That a committee of two members be appointed,
jointly with the committee appointed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, to wait on the President of the United States
and inform him that a quorum of each House has assem-
bled, and that Congress are ready to receive any commu-
nication he may be pleased to make.
On motion of Mr. WHITCOMB, it was
Ordered, That the committee be appointed by the Pres-
ident pro tern..
The President appointed Mr. Bright and Mr.
Miller the committee.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON, it was
Resolved, That the Senate will proceed to the election of
a Chaplain to-morrow, at one o'clock.
IRISH PATRIOTS.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I beg to notify
the Senate that I shall to-morrow ask leave to
introduce a joint resolution expressive of the sym-
pathy of Congress with the exiled Irish patriots,
Wm. Smith O'Brien, Thomas F. Meagner, and
their associates.
The resolution is as follows:
Joint Resolution expressive of the sympathy of Congress
for the exiled Irish patriots, Smith O'Brien and Thomas
F. Meagher, and their associates:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Stales of JUmcricct in Congress assem-
bled, That in consideration of the general sympathy felt by
the people of the United States for Smith O'Brien, Thomas
F. Meagher, and their immediate associates, exiled Irish
patriots, and the warm sympathies felt by the countrymen
of these distingnished sufferers, who have become adopted
citizens of the United States, the President of the United
States be requested to authorize a correspondence to be
opened with the Government of her Majesty the Q.ueen of
Great Britain, appealing to the magnanimity of the Brit-
ish Government and people in their behalf, and respectfully
requesting the liberation of these personages from their pres-
ent confinement, with an offer to receive them upon the
hospitable shores of the United States.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I de-
sire to present the memorial of a convention of
294 delegates from the States of Wisconsin, Iowa,
Illinois, and Missouri, and the Territory of Min-
nesota, which assembled at Burlington, in the
State of Iowa, on the 23d and 24th days of Octo- .
ber, 1851, praying for an appropriation for the re-;
moval of obstructions to the navigation of the
Mississippi river. As the committees are not yet
organized, and the memorial is one of a large and
most respectable body, I ask that it be laid on the
table and printed.
The memorial was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of,
the present State registers and receivers of the ^
land office at Dubuque, Iowa, asking extra com- j
pensation for services in locating military land
warrants. ■ j
Ordered to lie on the table. |
NOTICES. i
Mr. ATCHISON gave notice of his intention to !
ask leave to introduce a bill granting the right of It
way and making a donation. of a portion of the
public lands to the State of Missouri, to aid.in tfte-
construction of a railroad from Hannibal to St.
Joseph's, in said State. . * , ■ i -
Mr. MORTON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill granting the right of1
way to the Florida, Atlantic, and Gulf Central
Railroad Company through public lands, and ap-
propriating lands to the State of Florida in aid of
the construction of said railroad and branches.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill granting land to the State of "loiva in aid of
the construction of a railroad in said State. It
was read a first time and ordered to a second read-
ing.
Mr. CHASE, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to grant to the
State of Ohio the unsold and unappropriated pub-
lic lands remaining in that State. And it was read
a first time and ordered to a second reading.
SPECIAL ELECTION COMMITTEE.
The hour of one o'clock having .arrived, the
Senate proceeded to ballot for the special com-
mittee agreed to be appointed yesterday to con-
sider and report on the Florida contested-election
case.
The PRESIDENT announced that the Secre-
tary had furnished him with the following result
of the balloting: Mr. Berrien had received 21
votes, Mr. Bright 21, Mr. Da vis 21, Mr Mason-
17, and Mr. Pearce 12. These five gentlemen
having received the highest votes, they were duly
elected the special committee.
The remainder of the votes were as follows:
Mr. Douglas 10 Mr. Norris 3
Mr. Pratt 6 Mr. Clarke 3
Mr. Hamlin 6 Mr. Shields 2
Mr. Underwood 5 Mr. Dodge, of Iowa. .2
Mr. Clay 4 Mr. Sumner 1
Mr. Cass 4 Mr. Cooper ....1
Mr. Walker 4 Mr. Foote, of Miss..1
Mr. Felch 4 Mr. Foot, of Vt .1
Mr. Bayard 4 Mr. Miller 1
Mr. Greyer 3 Mr. Jones, of Iowa. .1
Mr. Hunter 3 Mr. Badger 1
Mr. Atchison 3 Mr. Whitcomb 1
Mr. Clemens 3 Mr. Hale 1
Mr. BERRIEN. X would inquire what was
the whole number of Senators voting?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot tell.
It is not usual to require a majority of the whole
number to elect members of a select committee.
They are elected by a plurality.
Mr. BERRIEN. I was under the impression
that it required a majority to constitute any act of
the Senate. My impression is, that we have sev-
eral times balloted repeatedly for members" of
committees.
The PRESIDENT. The majority rule applies
to standing committees.
Mr. BERRIEN. So little desirous am I of the
position in which I seem to have been placed, that
if the rules of the Senate require a majority to elect,
I shall be very glad if those rules be adhered to.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I hope that
question will not be urged. The Senate is exceed-
ingly rejoiced at the composition of the committee.
I hear on all sides perfect satisfaction expressed.
The PRESIDENT. The rule on the subject,
after speaking of the standing committees, says:
" All other committees shall be appointed by ballot, and
a plurality of votes shall make a choice."
That settles the question.
president's message.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the committee appointed
to wait upon the President of the United States
and inform him that there was a quorum of each
of the two Houses in attendance, and that they
were ready to receive from him any communica-
tion he might be pleased to make, reported, that
the committee had discharged the duty intrusted
to it, and that the President of the United States
informed them that he would immediately com-
municate with the two Houses in writing.
Soon afterwards, M. P. Fillmore, Esq., the
President's Private Secretary, appeared below the
bar, and said:
Mr. President: I am directed by the President
