1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
say, Mr. President. It is true so far as my ex-
perience extends. Why do men accept office?
Why do they seek office? It must be for one of
two causes: it must either be because of the profit
attached to the office, or the iionor that the station
confers. Now, I am not one of those who readily
believe in the universality of patriotism, though I
have ^reat confidence in it, and know that men
possess it; but I cannot readily embrace the opin-
ion that (he candidate for the office of constable
or sheriff, seeks that office on account of the iionor
it confers on him. I think it is on account of the
profit attached to such offices that they are sought
after. It never entered iny mind that a candidate
would present himself,and would resort to all the
Mr. CHASE. It is so in the case of those re-
siding upon any navigable waters.
Mr. ATCHISON. And it is said, sir, that this
will greatly increase the business of the judges of
the district courts of the United States. I have
never heard a murmur myself in relation to this
matter prior to these decisions. The judges of the
State courts, in suits between citizens of different
States of the Union, have decided in nineteen cases
out of twenty of all cases brought in these States.
I know that that is the ease in the State of Mis-
souri. There are very few suits brought by citi-
zens of other States in the district courts m the
eastern and central parts of our State; but where a
debt is to be collected or a matter litigated by parties
usual means to obtain such an office as a matter |j from other States, it is almost uniformly decided
l-invo -no t >-] 11 o  V> f I'll rY1 a nijcira tr\ eoi-na fLi ! K ... il, , ^ ^  * _  T ,i 1
of pure patriotism—from a desire to serve the
people in his beat or township. I think the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, as well as the Senators
from New Hampshire and North Carolina, will
concur in this proposition.
Now, the office of President of the United
States—the patronage, the power, the station that
office gives; or, perhaps, of a Senator of the Uni-
ted States, or of a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives—many mightand do seek those offices
for the station or power attached to them, or from
the fame which they imagine they will acquire.
But there are hundreds—aye, there are thousands
of persons who have filled offices under this Gov-
ernment, that never would have had their names
enrolled as officers under it, but for the compensa-
tion connected with their official position; for it is
impossible that they could do so. A poor man
cannot discharge the duties of the office of the
President of the United States, or of a Senator, or
of a member of the House of Representatives,
without compensation; but there are many per-
sons possessing property who have acquired it, or
who have inherited it, who, for the honor, the sta-
tion, or the prospect of fame, would accept any of
these offices without compensation. And, sir, it
may be that gentlemen who have a peculiar kind
of taste might accept the office of a district judge
of the United States, or even a place on the bench
of the Supreme Court, if the salary were reduced.
I believe there are such men; but they are ex- j
ceptions to the general jrule; they are eccentric j
men. !
Now, in regard to this increase of salary of the
district judge of New Hampshire, I would ask, if
it were increased even to $5,000 a year, whether
it would add anything to his capacity, or his dig- i
nity, or learning, or to that of any other judge !
holding office in the United States court? I will j
readily admit that you can obtain a gentleman of j
a higher grade of talent, of more learning, and of |
as much integrity, on his retirement, if the salary
should be increased; but, sir, it is a solemn truth,
and is remarked by all connected with the Fede-
ral or State Governments, throughout the length
and breadth of the land, that a judge seldom re-
signs. Now, sir, F would ask the Senator from
South Carolina, if the gentlemen who have dis-
charged the duties of district judges of courts of
the United States, under the existing rate of sal-
ary, have not generally been men of dignity, learn-
ing, and integrity?—whether that is not his ex-
perience? I know that it is the case with us in
Missouri. Our district judge is considered one of
the best lawyers in the £>tate, and was so at the
time of his appointment. He is a man of integrity
and learning, and I believe that his salary, with
some additional duties that he has to discharge, as
commissioner for the settlement of private land
claims, amounts to but $1,500 a year.
Mr. President, I think the argument of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas yesterday deserves some at-
tention; and it has been reaffirmed by the Senator
from South Carolina to-day. It is: that the young
men of the country, all who have a solitary spark
of ambition in their bosoms, are seeking office
under the Federal Government; and we contend
(that Senator and myself, together with others,
contend) that the legislative branches of the Gov-
ernment are every day usurping the powers that
do not belong to them, and I have heard it whis-
pered that the Supreme Court of the United States
has done the same thing; that by a recent decision
of that court, it has given admiralty jurisdiction
to all the judges residing on the wateis of the
Mississippi. I have not seen the decisions. I do
not keep up with the decisions of the Supreme
Court; but so I understand it.
by the judges of the State courts, where they have
competent jurisdiction; and there are few cases
where they have not. I concur with the views
taken by the Senators from South Carolina and
North Carolina, that a very fair criterion as to the
pay the district judge should receivers the pay of
the judge performing similar duties in a State. But,
sir, even that will not operate equally. In some
of the States—in Louisiana, for instance—I am
told that the judges of the supreme court receive
from four to five, or even six thousand dollars.
Now, what does the judge of the district court re-
ceive? Twenty-five hundred dollars is the salary
of the district judge in Louisiana. Weil, I doubt
not that in some of the States of this Union the
salary of the State judges falls far below that of
the district judge. Then that rule would not ope-
rate equally. I am willing to pay a judge what his
services are worth; hut I think the better policy
would be, if the business is of such an extent, as
it is said to be in this case, as to make it neces-
sary to increase the salary on that account, to
divide the State into two districts, and give the
State another judge, because when overburdened,
he cannot discharge the duties of a judge well. An
increase of salary will not enable him to do more
than he can do. If that be the case in New Hamp-
shire, and the Senator from New Hampshire will
introduce a bill providing for another judge, I will
vote for it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will tell the Senator from Mis-
souri how his plan works. Wem Massachusetts
have had some little experience in this matter.
We have various courts there—a supreme court,
and a court of common pleas. The court of com-
mon pleas is a very respectable court, and we
pay the judges, I think, two thousand dollars a
year; and I believe that within the last ten years
that court has changed most of its members some
two or three times, although the judge has a
salary of two thousand dollars. The reason is
probably this: Gentlemen of some learning and
some reputation are esteemed to be necessary to sit
i upon the bench in that court; and, perhaps influ-
i enced by the considerations suggested by the Sen-
| atorfrom Missouri, [Mr. Atchison-,] they are in-
\ duced to accept an appointment of that description
upon that bench, and they go on there, as the
gentleman suggested, flattered with the honor and
dignity of the station. But they very soon find
that the salary which is paid does not compensate
i them—docs not give them the support which their
necessities demand, and they resign. The conse-
quence has been, I believe, that the members
upon the bench of that court have been for some
years constantly passing through a revolution.
In other words, you cannot command that high
grade of learning and talent which it is necessary
to have to discharge the duties of these offices,
j and which it is thought desirable to obtain; and
! you must descend until you can get a gentleman
i whose services are worth no more than two thou-
j sand dollars. That is the result to which you
| are brought in regard to the appointments in the
| district courts of the United States.
; We have always, I believe, in Massachusetts,
■ obtained good services at the sum which has been
[paid; men of high character; men of suitable
j learning; men in all respects qualified for the
stations which they have occupied. But it must
be borne in mind, that within the last fifteen or
twenty years there has been a very ^reat increase
of the business, a great increase of admiralty busi-
ness, occupying a very large portion of the time
I] of the judge. And then there is another consid-
:! oration, which is more important, to be considered
j! in connection with this. During that time there
I! has been a great increase, necessarily, of the ex-
; penses in supporting a family; and the gentleman
; who now holds that station under the same pay
which was granted ten or fifteen years ago, is not
j put upon the same footing of equality with a gen-
j tleman who then held it, as the expenses are neces-
| sarily greater. •
, That is the condition of things in Massachusetts;
I and we have long since learned that, although we
j command the services of gentlemen of talent at the
j bar, yet we cannot by any means, obtain in our
i higher courts, the services of the eminent men
| which we would be glad to secure. T.do not speak
; without some knowledge upon this subject. I
| have had the means of knowing that gentlemen of
I high character, and in lar«;e professional practice,
i go upon the bench of the highest courts in Massa-
; chusetts. 0
| The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Bradburt]
i says there are some elements to be taken into con-
j sideration, in determining the question as to the
I amount of compensation to be paid. I agree to
: that, but, certainly, with some pretty important
J qualifications. I know very well that in the dis-
; trict of New Hampshire, there is nothing like the
service performed that is performed in some of the
neighboring districts; but at the .same time, it is
1 quite apparent that if there be but.a few cases
thereto be settled, you should have a man with
the requisite learning, with the requisite talent,
j and suitable digmtyof character, and as wellqual-
i lfied to decide these few cases, as if he had many,
i The parties who are engaged in those suits, though
| their number be not great, are as much interested
j in the question, and have as good a right to have
I a suitable man upon the bench, as if their number
i were legion.
i There is another consideration which was ad-
j verted to by the Senator from North Carolina,
I [Mr. Badger,] the operation of which has fallen,
> to some extent, under my observation. I have
| seen Us effect; and that is where there is an ine-
! quality created ^etween the character of a court
I of the United States and a court of a State. The
honorable member from South Carolina [Mr.
Rhett] says that some cases of this description
have fallen under his observation. There was a
period when it was notorious that in any State of
; this Union there was a constant struggle all the
> time to get into a court of the United Slates. Par-
. ties moved out of one State to another, for the
purpose of gaining the requisite residence to enable
them to come into a court of the United States.
. Well, sir, that is the converse of the statement
made by the honorable Senator from South Car-
! olina, and it only proves to you that whichever
i way you go, if you create, in any way, any con-
'' siderable inequality between the State court and
that of the UniteS States, this principle imme-
; diately operates, and the parties will go into the
! better court, where justice is best administered—
' where they are convinced that the settled rules of
i law most prevail. That is the result of it.
; Then, it is not a safe rule to say, that because
| the business is small, the parties shall have small
I compensation; or, because the business is great,
| that the pay shall be extended in proportion.
! There are considerations which goto makeup the
{ character of a judge, and the elements which con-
! stitufe his right to a compensation. It is quite
; evident that since these rates of compensation were
j established, the expenditures in the larger towns
: have increased, and in many of them the business
has increased; and it seems to me that these con-
stitute a pretty fair claim for an increase of com-
pensation. I hope this bill will pass, and that the
other similar cases will be taken up and disposed
of.
Mr. BORLAND. So far as my own position is
concerned, in opposition to this hill, 1 will say
nothing upon the principle I conceive it involves,
in addition to what I said yesterday. I would re-
mark, however, that the extended and elaborate
arguments of the Senators who have advocated
the bill, to-day, have not, in my opinion, been di-
rected to the question before us for decision. The
opponents of the bill have not, for a moment, con-
troverted the position assumed by its friends that
a high order of talents, learning, and integrity, is
indispensable in a judge. So far from denying
that, we all admit it as readily, and insist upon
it as earnestly, as they do. It is not a point in
dispute. And yet, all their arguments have been
directed to that point—a point not in controversy—
a point conceded—a point upon which we are all
