12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 2,
of the United States to deliver to the Senate a |
message in writing.
[For the Message, see House proceedings.]
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the President's Message and accompany-
ing documents be printed, and that ten thousand copies
theieof, in addition to the usual number, be furnished for the
use of the Senate.
RECEPTION AND ENTERTAINMENT OF KOS-
SUTH.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi, in pursuance of
previous notice, asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a joint resolution to provide for the recep-
tion and entertainment of Louis Kossuth, Governor
of Hungary, in the United States.
It was read a first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to allow this resolution to
be considered at this time. The terms of the
resolution are exceedingly guarded, and can do
no harm any way. Unless it is adopted imme-
diately, I fear it can do no good. The action of
the other House will be requisite, and I learn that
the distinguished gentleman referred to in the res-
olution may be expected to arrive in New York
this evening. If a joint committee is to be raised
at all, it should be raised in time to deliberate on
the form of reception. I hope that no obstacle
will be thrown in the way of the early passage of
the resolution. This measure is not "brought for-
ward by me alone: it is the result of much con-
sultation with many persons on both sides of the
Chamber. It is introduced, as I said yesterday,
somewhat at the instance of the Secretary of State
and other members of the Administration, who
supposed it important that some resolution should
be adopted on the part of the Senate and House
of Representatives. In this matter I am the organ
- of those who, I suppose, entertain the common
American feeling in reference to that distinguished
stranger. I hope that the resolution will be passed
immediately by this body.
The PRESIDENT. Unanimous consent is
asked that this resolution may have a second
reading at this time. Is there any objection?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let it lie over until to-
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi, gave notice of his
intention at a future day to ask leave to introduce
a joint resolution declaring the measures of adjust-
ment, so called, a definitive settlement of the ques-
tions growing out of the system of domestic
slavery.
The resolution is in the following terms:
A resolution declaring the measures of adjustment to be a
definitive settlement of the questions growing out of
domestic slavery.
Be it resolved, That the series of measures? embraced in
the acts entitled " An act proposing- to the ritate of Texas
the establishment of het Noirhern and 'Western bounda-
ries, the lelinquishmcnt, by the «aid Stale, of all teiri-
tory claimed by her extenorto said boundaries, and of all
her claims upon the United States, and to establish a ter-
ritorial government for New Mexico," approved Septem-
ber 9, 1850; " An act for the admission of the State of
California into the Union," approved September 9, 1850 ;
"An act to establish a territorial government for Utah,"
approved September 9,1850; " An act to amend and-sup-
plementaiyto the act entitled ' An act respecting fugitives
from justice, and persons c&capingfrom the seivice of their
masters, approved February V2, 1793,'" approved Septem-
ber^, 3 850; and "An act to suppress the slave trade in
the Dtetnct of Columbia," approved September 20, 1850,
commonly known as the <( Compromise Acts," are, in the
judgment of this borly, entitled to be recognized as a defini-
tive'adjustment and settlement of the detracting questions
growing out of the sj^tem of domestic shivery, and as
such, that said measures 5-hould be acquiesced m and re-
spected by all good citizens.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 2, 1851.
The House met at 12 o'clock, m.
Mr. Gentry of Tennessee, and Mr. Stone
of Kentucky, appeared to-day, and were quali-
fied by taking the usual oath to support the Con-
stitution.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE objected, as there was
an error in the Journal, which should be cor-
rected.
The Journal was then read.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE said that he had voted i
yesterday m the election for Speaker, but found i
that his name was not recorded. He had voted :
for Mr. Bayly, of Virginia. He moved that the ;
Journal be so corrected. j
There being no objection, the Journal was cor- j
rected accordingly. j
Mr. WELCtl said that there was an error in !
recording his vote. He was recorded as having |
voted for Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania. He
had voted for Mr. Chandler. He hoped the
Journal would be so corrected.
There being- no objection, the Journal was cor-
rected accordingly.
Mr. DURKEE1 said that he was recorded on
the Journal as having voted for Mr. Forney for
Clerk. He was not present, and did not vote.
He moved that the Journal be so corrected; which
motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAWS said that he had been informed by
the Clerk that his name was not recorded among
the votes for Speaker. He had voted for Mr.
Stanly, and hoped the Journal would be cor-
rected in that particular.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
NOTICE OP BILLS.
Mr. COBB said: I desire to give notice of cer-
tain bills which I intend to introduce.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to know of the Speaker, if the
resolution offered yesterday by the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] does not come
up of necessity this morning, as the first business
in order?
The SPEAKER. That is the first business in
order; but if there be no objection, the gentleman
from Alabama can give the notices he desires.
Mr. COBB. I give notice, then, that I shall
to-morrow, or on the earliest day practicable, ask
leave to introduce a bill to graduate and reduce the
price of the public lands;
A bill to grant the right of way and alternate
sections of the public lands to the Selma and Gun-
ter's Landing Railroad in the State of Alabama;
A bill to grant the right of way and alternate
sections of the public land to the Memphis and
Charleston Railroad, in the States of Tennessee,
Mississippi, and Alabama;
A bill to grant a quarter section of land to each
actual settler upon the public land within the
United States; and
A bill to authorize the transfer of land warrants
issued under the act of 28th of September, 1850;
or, in other words, to require the Secretary of the
Interior to give such construction to the law as its
makers in the House of Representatives intended,
and as said law expresses on its face.
SEATS OF MEMBERS.
The resolution introduced yesterday by Mr.
Hibbard was then read as follows, viz:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House immediately after
the passage of this resolution place in a box the name of
each member and delegate of ^he House of Represent-
atives oti a separate piece of papei ; that he then pioeeed
m presence of the House to draw from said box, one at a
time, the said pieces of paper; and as each is drawn, he
shall announce the name of the member or delegate upon
it, who shall then choose his seat for the present session,
provided that before said drawing shall commence, the
Speaker shall cause every seat to be vacated, and shall see
that every seat continues vacant until it is selected under
this order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would suggest to the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibkard,]
who introduced the resolution in reference to the
selection of seats, that he should so modify it as
to make the drawing of seats come off to-morrow,
say at half-past twelve o'clock, so that gentlemen
who are now absent may have an opportunity of
being present to select their seats.
Mr. HIBBARD. So far as I am concerned, I
should have no objection to adopt the modification
suggested by my friend from Illinois, but it is sug-
gested by other gentlemen around me that the
difficulty, which is certainly worthy of being con-
sidered, would be obviated if the House would
allow other gentlemen to select seats for members
who are unavoidably absent.
[Cries of " Agreed! " and " No, no ! '"]
There are several gentlemen absent by the order
of the House, and it would certainly be unfair to
proceed with the drawing in their absence.
[A message was received from the Senate, in-
forming the House that that body had concurred
in the resolution of the House for the appointment
of a committee to wait on the President of the
United States and inform him that a quorum of
the two Houses had assembled, and were ready to
receive any communication from him; and that
Mr. Bright and Mr. Miller had been appointed,
on the part of the Senate.]
Mr. TOOMBS. It seems that there is a good
deal of disagreement about this matter. Now, J
think that a majority of the House have got bet-
ter seats than they are likely to get in the lottery,
and I therefore move to lay the resolution on the
table, so that we may remain as we are. [Laugh-
ter.] *
Mr. RICHARDSON called for tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Richardson and
Meacham were appointed.
The question being taken, it was decided in the
negative—ayes 34; noes not counted.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
say to the House, that Mr. Darby, of Missouri,
is in the city, and has been here since last week,
but has been confined to his bed since Monday
morning by sickness. I move, therefore, the fol-
lowing as an amendment, to come in at the end
of the resolution :
11 And inasmuch as Mr. Darby, of Missouri, is confined
at his lodgings m this city by reason of sickness, one of his
colleagues is authonzed to select a seat for him when Ins
name is drawn."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The committee
of the Senate appointed to wait on the President
is now waiting for us, but the gentlemen who with
me are upon the committee of the House, are
not willing to be deprived of a choice of seats by
absence upon official business, and by order of
-the House. I hope, therefore, that it will be the
pleasure of the House to delay the balloting for
seats until half past one o'clock, by which time
we shall have returned.
A Member. Some one can choose for you.
Mr. BAYLY. No one can tell what seats we
should choose.
Mr. HIBBARD then modified his resolution by
striking out the words " immediately after the
passage of this resolution, " and inserting in lieu
thereof, the words " at half past one o'clock this
day."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The members of
the committee would be perfectly willing to make
their choice of seats before they discharge the
duties of the committee.
The question was then taken on Mr. Moore's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution as amended.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It seems to
me that it would be much better to postpone the
drawing until to-morrow, than to fix it for half-
past one o'clock to-day. "We may be engaged at
that time in hearing the President's message, and
I suggest, therefore, to the gentleman from New
Hampshire, that it would be better to postpone
the drawing until to-morrow.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Permit me to make a
single suggestion. It is very desirable that the
Speaker of the House should have as much oppor-
tunity as possible to make up the Committees, and
that we should meet as seldom as possible until
that is done.
Mr. STEPHENS. Very well, then, we can
draw for seats after the reading of the President's
message to-day. Let the resolution be modified
in that way.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would suggest, that if
the Executive message is being read when the hour
of half-past one arrives, the drawing of seats will
come up as the next business.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have no objection to that
arrangement, and I therefore move to amend the
resolution by striking out the words, "at half-past
one o 'clock,'' and inserting, *(immediately after the
reading of the Executive message this day."
The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
tion as amended was adopted.
SEATS FOR REPORTERS.
Mr. RICHARDSON proposed the following
resolution, viz:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of thif House be author-
ized to provide seats for the Reporters of the full debates
and proceedings, in front of the Clerk's table, if it can be
done without incommoding the House.
Mr. R. said: I desire to say only one word in
