1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1789
we have a law on that subject he will be bound to
execute it. I am unwilling, at present, to assume
that we nr« under any such obligations. When
the question comes up fairiy I am ready to con-
sider it. i wish to reserve my opinion until that
time, as I do not wish to prejudge it. I therefore
desiie to have the words put in which were putin
by the Senate, for the purpose of excluding the
idea that we are under obligation to remove them.
Mr. RUSK. I do not think that a solitary ap-
propriation has ever passed this body, extending
the hand of this Government to afford protection
against Indian depredations in Texas, without
undergoing the strictest and most searching in-
vestigation—depredations not committed by the
Indians belonging to Texas, but by Indians who,
sir, I apprehend that we would find it an embar-
rassing question, if we were to attach to the United
States the sole responsibility of managing all the
Indians n^Texas. They may, indeed, undertake
it at some period or other; but, as I before re-
marked, that is a question upon which I do not
now wish to pass judgment—one on which it is
not now necessary to pass judgment. The prin-
cipal evil of which he complains is the intrusion
of the United States Indians upon Texas. For
that evil I am willing to provide a remedy. This
amendment, as it was passed by the Senate, pro-
vides that remedy, but I am unwilling to go fur-
ther.
Sir, the Senator from Texas objected that meta-
physical arguments have been used against the
by the policy of this Government, and in the teeth 11 claims of Texas. If the claim of Texas is re-
of their solemn treaties, have been forced upon
them. I assert the fact, that this Government has
violated the obligations of its treaty, and has forced
upon Texas, from the frontier of the territory
lately purchased from that State, a tribe of Indians
the most dangerous, and from which the people
of Texas suffer more than from all other tribes
together. The Government not only did this, but
it furnished to thera $10,000 a year, furnished in
arms and ammunition, which they used upon our
defenseless women and children; and now, when
the pitiful sum of §25,000 is asked to be placed at
the "discretion of the Executive officers of this :
Government, for the purpose of removing these j
Indians from Texas, metaphysical arguments are !
brought forward to show that it would be incurring
an obligation on the part of the United States to j
remove all the Indians from Texas. We ask for i
an appropriation of $25,000 for the accomplish- :
ment of this desirable end—the removal of those j
Indians which have been forced upon us by the •
policy of the United States Government.
And, sir, the honorable Senator from Virginia ,
chooses to say that the Indians belong to Texas!
Sir, they belong as much to the United States as ;
to Texas, even'the Indians in regard to whom he
entertains so much alarm lest the Government
should be compelled to remove the whole of them—
I mean the Camanches. More of their home, if j
they have any home at all, is in the territory ac-
quired by the United States from Texas. Their
principal range is in the territory; and the Senator
stricted to what is asserted in the amendment, I
have used no argument against it. I have admit-
ted a willingness to provide for it. Neither have
I argued that other question; but I apprehend,
whenever it does come up, let the Senator take
which side he may, he will use metaphysical ar-
guments, if he argues the question at all.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from Virginia charges
me with having raised this question, when he has
raised it himself, by saying that the amendment of
the House assumes the right of the Government of
the United States to remove all the Indians from
Texas. The Senator himself raises the question,
and then objects to my answering him. Now, 1
say that, if this amendment pass, as proposed by
the House, no such obligation as the Senator
speaks of is incurred, not in the slightest degree.
The amendment now appropriates a certain sum ;j
for the removal of the Indians—nothing more. ;!
I will state my position again: Texas ceded to |j
the United States a large quantity of territory, .
over which these Camanches roam twice as much
as over the State of Texas. Suppose that, in the ,
expenditure of this money, the President of the :
United States should see fit'to say to these Caman-
ches—and such a policy has been recommended
by the officers who have had counsel with them—
suppose that theGovernmentshould say," We will
locate you here, and will furnish you with the im-
plements of husbandry, and will furnish you with ;
provisions;" suppose that were done by the Gov- !
ernment, m the territory belonging to the Caman-
manches to quit their robbing and murdering
habits. However, I do not expect that to take ;
place, nor to see such a treaty made. The Sena-
tor, m his place here, will not allow anything bear- ,
ing such a construction to pass; and,m his desire
to avoid any responsibility on the subject, frames :
the appropriation in such a way as to preclude
any idea of obligation resting on the United States
from Virginia, it seems to me bj his course o"f;| ches, still that territory belongs to the United
reasoning, is not only desirous of driving these • States, and the Senator would, m fact, preclude
Camanches, and Caddoes, and Cherokees, and; the attempt from being made to induce-the Ca-
> 7 n  1  ^ rnhKmo1 arm mnWtPrins
Shawnee Indiana into our territory, but hp is un-
•willing to assume the responsibility of keeping
out these Camanches. It seems to me that his
objection to the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentative^ involves a suspicion which the words
of that amendment will not bear, and for winch
they do not appear to me to furnish the slightest
foundation.
Mr. Hi:
introduced
me, donotu..^«    ,
is the treatment of the State of Texas by the ]
United States Government. I was not aware be-
fore, sir, that the Government of the United States i
had dealt hardly or unkindly with that State:_but -
if that question should ever come up, and if the
Senator is determined to maintain that opinion, 1 .
hope he will do it on some other occasion—that it
mav be discussed in connection with some other ;
bill'- for I have no doubt that if he enters into
1 est obligation on the part of the United States.
' Words'are generally used in incurring an obliga-
tion, and I ask him to read, and plainly construe,
this amendment, and show me where there are
three words which imply the slightest obligation
on the part of the United States to remove all the
Indians. ,
There is an obligation on the part of the United
States which the Government has not been very
that is, the defense of the
lhat inquiryrhe will find that he has not quite so mean t„ enter into * discus
much «««•* M c?mplrShetrs-, - ■ ;h m The Senator says that I
t-avs i sui unv. ilhnL — --
tVnm the pressure of the Indians, whom we have .
foi-f-d upon tlienJ. Why does he say so; I say ,
[ <im Miilins to adopt anamenameut providing tor
he Withdrawal from Texasofall the Indians over j
whom the United States has control and lorwaoro !-
they .ire responsible. I did not say that the United
States might net at some future day to provide a
place of refuge for the Indians in Iexas. All 1 •
slid was that I was not willing to prejudge that
uuestinrt, and to give such a shape to the amend-
ment as would cause us to assume that obligation;
for 1 am not convinced that it is an obligation
restaur upon the United States to provide for the -
removal of these Indians. He has said, what I ,
•ulmit to be true enough and what would be pro- (
tided for in the amendment if it retained its on- ;; the Senate.
belong to the territories of the United State?. But,
shall have some little difficulty in showing that
these Indians entered Texas from the territory of
the United States'. Sir, I should find none. I
court that issue at any time. I stood by, myself,
and was a witness of the instrusion. I stood oy,
and saw the arms and ammunition, taken from
these Indians. If that was not dealing hardly
W'tli Texas, I do not understand the English
laii°ua°-e. If furnishing these savages with arms
and ammunition for the slaughter of women and
children is not dealing hardly, I donotknow what
could be so termed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tne question
is on concurring m the amendment made by the
House of Representatives to the amendment m
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
con
amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That disposes
of all the amendments made to the bill.
PROTECTION OF THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. SHIELDS. If there is no other business
now before the Senate, I move to postpone all
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up House
bill No. 259. It is "An act to provide for the
protection of the Territories of New Mexico and .
Oregon, and the States of Texas and Califor-
nia; "which lias been reported back from the'
Committee on MilJitary Affairs, with an amend-
ment.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill, as it came from the House, provides
that the President be authorized to cause arms to
be distributed among such portions of the inhab-
itants of New Mexico and Oregon, and the States
of Texas and California, as he may deem advis-
able, and under such regulations and precautions
as may be considered necessary to insure the
preservation of said arms, and the application
thereof to the defense of the said Territories; and
that so much of the two hundred thousand dollars
annually appropriated by the act of 23d of April,
1808, for arming the whole body of the militia of
the United States, as may be necessary, shall be
used for that purpose, anything in said act to the
contrary notwithstanding; and that the President
be authorized, whenever he may deem it neces-
sary for theprotection of said Territories, or either
of them, to call out all, or any portion of the
militia thereof, or to accept the services of one or
more volunteer companies which may be raised
therein; and that the volunteers and militia so
called into service shall be entitled to the same or-
dinary monthly pay and allowances as were pro-
vided by law fdr volunteers while in the service of
the United States under the set entitled "An act
< providing for the prosecution of the existing war
' between the United States and the Republic of
' Mexico," approved May 13th, 1846.
The committee proposed to amend the bill by
adding thereto the following sections:
Sec. 3. Jlni be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States is hereby authorized, to accept the ser-
vice* of a-i many companies of mounted Texan rangers as
lie in his judgment may deem necessary for the protection
of the Texan frontier: Provided, That the whole force thus
raised and employed in Texas, shall in no case exceed the
number of five hundred men.
Sec. 4. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That each of the said
companies of rangers shall consist of one captain, one first,
one second, and one third lieutenant, five sergeants, five
corporals, and one hundred privates,, who sljall engage to
serve the Government for one year, at least, fiom the date
of their muster into the service of theUmted States, unless
otherwise oidered and directed by The President.
Sec. 5. leitfuitherenaUei, That the said mount-
ed rangers shall provide then own horses, clothing, and
equipment*, with the eveeption of arms and ammunition,
which amis and ammunition are to be supplied by theGov-
ernineiit; but if any member of any of said companies
1 shall fail, during ins term of service, to provide himself as
above mentioned, the tinned States may furnish him With
the same, and retain the amount out of his pay.
1 Sec. 6. -And he it further matted, Tnat the coimms-
' sioned officers shall receive the same pay and emoluments
as officers of the same giaiie in the Army of the united
I States and the offleeis shall be allowed uiage for their
1 horses, and be entitled to the same rations a  those of the
i sSme guide respectively ill the Aimy of the United States;
: and the seigeants shall be allowed $*28 pei month, the eor-
I povals ^*25 per month, and the privates $2-2 00 per month
! respectively-. ar.d shall be entitled to the t-ame rations and
! the same forage for their hordes, winch are now allowed to
■ d&gnons m the regular t-ervicc- of the United States.
' Skv . 7. Ami he itfarchei auicled, Thattheoflicei^,r,on-
■ commissioned officers, and privates, raised pursuant totris
act, shall be entitled to the like compensation 311 case ot (li-
ability In" wounds or otherwise, incurred m the fccmeo, as
' }ja-i h'ercio.ore boot! allowed to ofheer<, non commissioned
officers, and privates, in the mihtai v ef-tatiii-hmeut o. the
Cm ted Statp*, but «hal! 211 no case be entitled to compen-
sation lor the lo-"-> Of hoi^e& oi private lvop^iv, anjfehatt
be snbicet to the rules and articles ot \\ ar, and *ucii regula-
tion as have been or shall be e^abli-hcd according to law
for the government of the Army of thy United State?.
Seo. 8. Jlnd be it further evaded. That when the yres-
i ident shall deem it necessary to employ an;; portion oi said
■ force *bi thcpiotectmnof the Texan tiontier, he shah eau>e
the Governor of Texas to be notified of hi 3 intention, deeig-
' natuv the number of companies that will be required, and
the place or piaccs of muster: and such company or com-
! names as the Governoi may >elect for saul service, not ex
1 ceedmff the number de-nyn.ited by the President, and who
'' shall present themselves regularly organized and equipped,
, in accordance with the roquuements of this act, snail be
mustered into the sen ice of the United States, and shall
continue in «uci' service, subject to the rules and regulations
•' aforesaid, foi the term ot one year, unless otherwise ordered
and directed hv the President. .
Sec. 9. jlndbe it further enactcd, That the President 1%
>! also authorized to call upon the Governor of California for
