1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
relation to this resolution. There is no gentleman,
I apprehend, who has served ijere for two sessions,
but has often been misreported. He has been
made to say exactly those things in the report
which he did not say in the House, and it often
puts us to a great deal of trouble and inconveni-
ence. It is very important, if we are to be re-
ported at all, that we should be reported correctly;
out that cannot be done unless we can adopt some
means by which the reporters shall be situated in
a better position for hearing than they now oc-
cupy. I think it very desirable that this should be
done, and therefore I offer this resolution.
Mr. EVANS. I desire only to add a few words
to what has been said by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, and to express my entire assent to his reso-
lution. Experience has demonstrated the neces-
sity of it. No person has ever spoken in this
House who has been fully heard by the reporters
at those desks. Unless we provide seats for the
reporters within the bar—as gentlemen will re-
member is done in. the Senate—gentlemen cannot
be better reported than they have been heretofore.
It can occasion no inconvenience to the House,
but will be a great benefit to us. I hope, there-
fore, that the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. KING, of New York. It seems to me
that the Hall should be arranged for the accom-
modation of members, and there is evidently not
space enough in the centre of the Hall when we
are occupied in taking a count by tellers, for seats i
for the reporters. A resolution of this kind was '
passed during the last Congress, and after efforts
had been made to provide seats in the manner pro-
posed, it was found to be impossible, and the res-
olution was reconsidered. I hope, therefore, that
the resolution will not be adopted.
Mr. CARTTER. I would merely suggest, in
reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
King,] that on each side of the Speaker's chair, in
the most convenient place for hearing, and out of
the range r\f the tellers, there are spaces that might
be occupied by the reporters, without at all in-
commoding the members of the House. By pro-
viding seats for the reporters in those spaces, we
might afford them a better opportunity for hearing
than they now enjoy.
- Mr. KING. If seats can be provided else-
where than in front of the Clerk's desk without
interfering with the House, I have no objection
to it; but the resolution provides that they shall be
placed in front of the desk.
Mr. CARTTER. To obviate that objection, I
move to strike out the words "in front of the
Clerk's desk," and insert "within the Hall."
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will accept that amend-
ment. I desire only to attain the end which the
gentleman from Ohio has m view.
Mr. HOUSTON. It occurs-to me that that
resolution is entirely too indefinite. In the first
place, it authorizes the Doorkeeper to make a very
material change in the construction of the Hall,
and to cause an obstruction of the area around the
Clerk's desk. There seems to be no restriction at
all—no limit to control the Doorkeeper.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I believe there are only
two reporters engaged in reporting the debates
fully, and it is for those two only that provision is
to be made. I am willing that the resolution shall
be limited to providing seats for those two.
Mr. HOUSTON. It seems to me that there are
other objections to the resolution.^ If we propose
to make a change in the construction of our Hall,
and especially if we attempt to make an encroach-
ment upon our area, that is already, in my view,
small enough, it seems to me that a committee of
this House ought to examine into the manner in
which it can be done. I do not think we ought to
authorize the Doorkeeper to provide these seats
without directing the manner in which he shall do
it, and saying where the seats shall be, of what
construction they shall be, and what number of
them there shall 'be. It does seem to me that we
ought not to adopt the resolution in its present
indefinite form, but that we ought to place some
sort of restriction upon the action of the Door-
keeper. In its present form, I shall vote against
the resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will modify my reso-
lution to provide for two seats only. It is quite
unnecessary, in my opinion, that a committee
should be raised for this purpose. If the improve-
ment is made at all, it will be made under the su-
pervision of the Presiding Officer; and I have enure
confidence that he will do nothing that would
incommode the members of the House. The
resolution provides that if, in his opinion, it will
incommode the members, the arrangement shall
not be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Illinois,
I understand, replies to my suggestion by saying,
that if the change is made at all, it will be made
under the direction of the Presiding Officer. Now,
as I understand the terms of that resolution—I may
be mistaken—it takes it out of the hands of the
Speaker, and leaves it entirely to the discretion of
the Doorkeeper, to make the arrangement accord-
ing to his views; it leaves the matter to him, and
to him alone. That is my understanding of the
resolution.
Mr. McMullen. Mr. Speaker, I concur
fully in the views and objects of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.] It strikes me
that the gentleman ought to accept the suggestion
of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
I think we had better throw the responsibility upon
a committee of this House. The Doorkeeper is a
mere officer of this House, and I care not how he
decides the question, he will by a portion of the
members, probably, be censured for his decision.
I prefer to let the committee of the House be ap-
pointed to report the facts of the case to the House.
If it is ascertained that we can furnish seats for the
reporters in the House, let it be done, but throw
the responsibility where it ought to be, upon the
members of the House. I hope, therefore, that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] will ac-
cept the proposition of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston.] If he does not, I desire
that we shall take a vote upon it, and throw the re-
sponsibility, -wheig.it should rest, upon ourselves.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved the pre-
vious question; which was seconded.
Mr. RICHARDSON called for tellers on the
adoption of the resolution; and they were ordered;
and Mr. Richardson and Mr. Houston were ap-
pointed.
The question then being taken, the tellers re-
ported—ayes 62, noes 72.
So the resolution was rejected. ,
NEWSPAPERS FOR MEMBERS. \
Mr. ROBBINS presented the following resolu|
tion: I
Resolved, That the Clerk cause to be furnished to the6
membeis of this House, during the present session, such
papers a* they may respectively direct, the expense theieof
not to exceed the "i ate of $30 per annum to each member,
from the commencement of the session.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the resolution by striking out the word
"thirty, "and inserting in its stead the word "fifty."
Thirty dollars enables us to receive but three daily
papers. There is more than that number published
- in this city which it is useful for members to take.
] "We desire to take papers from abroad, and thirty
dollars is too small to supply us.
Mr. FOWLER, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the amendment by substituting "forty"for
"fifty."
The SPEAKER. The question will be put upon
the largest number first.
Mr. FOWLER. Is not the amendment amend-
able? .
The SPEAKER. It is; but the question will
first b'e taken upon the largest number proposed.
The question was then taken on the motion to
strike out $30 and insert $50, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution as amended.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to call the attention of
the House to what they have, perhaps, not consid-
ered with respect to the taking of these newspa-
pers. Members are charged §10 for a daily paper,
and are therefore entitled to receive it for a whole
!! year, yet they only receive it until the end of the
j session, and thus the $30 is speedily exhausted,
j Now, last session the Senate, on account of this
! very difficulty, adopted a resolution by which
j every Senator receives his papers during the
! whole year. That is now the rule,of the Senate,
i The members of the House of Representatives are
entitled to the same privileges as Senators are;
and I therefore move to amend the resolution by
striking out the words " during the present ses-
sion," and inserting in lieu thereof, for one
y<Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, accepted the
amendment
Mr. -SWEETSER. I would fuggest, that it
would meet the views of all parties if the words
"during the Thirty-second Congress" were in-
serted instead of " for one year." i "•-r
Mr. BOWIE. Is it in order, Mr. Speaker, to.
make remarks in opposition to the amendment aft
amended. . - - ; -
The SPEAKER said that it was. -
Mr. BOWIE. I regret very much to differ'
from my colleague and the honorable gentleman
who has offered the resolution. I really think the
time has come to raise the voiee of this House in -'
behalf of economy. I have no disposition to carp
at small things, but when example after example
of extravagance has been exhibited by the test
Congress, I think at the threshold of this is the
proper opportunity to set our face against it.
There is an old adage to this effect: Economy is
a good thing—good in the subject, better in the
King. Economy is, if commendable in the citi-
zen, infinitely more commendable in the repre-
sentative of the people. Gentlemen who have a
knowledge of what passed in the last Congress,
know that we voted' for ourselves from $50,000 to
$100,000 worth of books, and that done only in
accordance to precedent. Now, we are again pro-
posing to give ourselves personal donations; for
this resolution does nothing more nor less than
contribute to our personal benefit. No one can
contend that any member of this House requires
five daily papers in order to enlighten him as to his
duty to his country. Our time, if properly devo-
ted , is absorbed by perusing the documents having
an immediate connection with our duties as Rep-
resentatives. "We have not time to gather news
from the four quarters. For what purpose is it
we are now proposing to increase, in this single
item the expenditure, of this House to the amount
of $4,000? I hope gentlemen will consider the end
proposed by the resolution, and look upon it as the
shadow of what is to come. If we commence in
small things, we shall continue to increase in
every item of expenditure in the same ratio, until
the contingent expenses of this House must receive
the rebuke of our constituents. There are many
members around me infinitely better acquainted
with the dozen sources of expenditure than my*
self, and which are multiplying every day, and" I
hope some one of them will raise his voice in op-
position to this decided indication of a disposition
to waste the people's money.
Mr. HAJX. Mr. Speaker, I am exceedingly
gratified to hear the remarks made by the gentle-
man upon the other side of the Chamber, and I
trust they will be responded to by all the gentle-
men upon the other side. I suppose, sir, the Dem-
ocratic party, and I hope the Representatives in
Congress, are determined to make war upou the
extravagance of the Government. ^ I think it
would place us in rather a queer position, in doing
our duty with respect to the extravagance of this
Government, to commence increasing our own ex-
penditures,and most unnecessarily, as I think, too.
I have been here two Congresses, and I must con-
fess, so far as I am concerned, the number of pa-
pers furnished under the old resolution were as
many as I had a need for. I could not use any
more with any profit, and I do not believe any
gentleman could use any more with any profit.^ If
it, therefore, be in order, I will move, m substitu-
tion for that resolution, the resolution of the last
Congress.
The SPEAKER. It is not m order.
Mr. BOWIE. Whenever it is m order, I will
move to substitute it for that resolution. It is, 1
believe, sufficient for the members of the House.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said: I desire
to express, with my honorable friend from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Hall,] my gratitude for the noble
and manly expression of sentiments favorable to
economy, which I have just heard from the other
side of the Hall. It is to me, sir, an indication of
a returning sense of reason upon the part of hit
Whig friends, and I am happy to have heard it
here to-dav from one of the leading and influen-
tial men of that party, [Mr. Bowie,] a gentleman
whom I esteem highly, and who, having thrown
himself into the breach, will battle manfully for
the principles of economy, which he has just in-
culcated. . _
I feel assured, sir, that his economy is not oi
that two-penny, picayune order which has so often
been exhibited in this House, and that when we
come to make appropriations for the support of
