18,51.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
PRESIDENT S MESSAGE.
A message was then received from the President
of the United States, by the hands of his Private
Secretary, Millard P. Fillmore; which was read
by Mr. Forney, Clerk of the House, as follows:
Fellow-citizens of the Senate
and of the Hotise qf Representatives:
I congratulate you and our common constitu-
ency upon the favorable auspices under which you
meet for your first session. Our country is at
peace with all the world. The agitation which,
for a time, threatened to disturb the fraternal rela-
tions which make us one people, is fast subsiding;
and a year of general prosperity and health .has
crowned the nation with unusual blessings. None
can look back to the dangers which are passed,
or forward to the bright prospect before us, with-
out feeling a thrill of gratification, at the same
time that he must be impressed with a grateful
sense of our profound obligations to a beneficent
Providence, whose paternal care is so manifest in
the happiness of this highly-favored land.
Since the close of the last Congress, certain
Cubans and other foreigners resident in the United
States, who were more or less concerned in the
previous invasion of Cuba, instead of being dis-
couraged by its failure, have again abused the
hospitality of this country by making it the scene
of the equipment of another military expedition
against that possession of her Catholic Majesty,
in which they were countenanced, aided, and
joined by citizens of the United States. On receiv-
ing intelligence that such designs were entertained,
I lost no time in issuing such instructions to the
proper officers of the United States as seemed to
be called for by the occasion. By the proclama-
tion, a copy of which is herewith submitted, I
also warned those who might be in danger of be-
ing inveigled into this scheme of its unlawful char-
acter, and of the penalties which they would in-
cur. For some time there was reason to hope
that these measures had sufficed to prevent any
such attempt. This hope, however, proved to be
delusive, very early in the morning of the third
of August, a steamer called the Pampero departed
from New Orleans for Cuba, having on board
upwards of four hundred armed men, with evi-
dent intentions to make war upon the authorities
of the Island. This expedition was set on foot in
palpable violation of the laws of the United States.
Its leader was a Spaniard, and several of the chief
officers, and some others engaged in it, were for-
eigners. The persons composing it, however,
were mostly citizens of the United States.
Before the expedition set out, and probably
before it was organized, a slight insurrectionary
movement, which appears to have been soon sup-
pressed, had taken place in the eastern quarter of
Cuba. The importance of this movement was ,
unfortunately so much exaggerated in the accounts j
of it published in this country, that these adven-
turers seem to have been led to believe that the
Creole population of the Island not only desired
to throw off the authority of the mother country,
but had resolved upon that step, and had begun a
well-concerted enterprise for effecting it. The
persons engaged in the expedition were generally
young and ill-informed. The steamer in which
they embarked left New Orleans stealthily and
without a clearance. After touching at Key West,
she proceeded to the coast of Cuba, and, on the
night between the 13 th and 12th of August, landed
the persons on board at Playtas, within about
twenty leagues of Havana.
The main body of them proceeded to, and took
possession of, an inland village six leagues distant,
leaving others to follow in charge ef the baggage,
as soon as the means of transportation could be
obtained. The latter, having taken up their line
of march to connect themselves with the main
body, and having proceeded about four leagues
into the country, were attacked on the morning of
the 13th by a body of Spanish troops, and a
bloody conflict ensued; after which they retreated
to the place of disembarkation, where about fifty
of them obtained boats and reembarked therein.
They were, however, intercepted among the keys
near the shore by a Spanish steamer cruising on
the coast, captured, and carried to Havana, and,
after being examined before a mditary court, were
sentenced to be publicly executed, and the sentence
was carried into effect on the 16th of August.
On receiving-information of what had occurred,
Commodore Foxhall A. Parker was instructed to
proceed in the steam frigate Saranac to Havana,
and inquire into the charges against the persons
executed, the circumstances under which they
were taken, and whatsoever referred to their trial
and sentence. Copies of the instructions from the
Department of State to him, and of his letters to
that Department, are herewith submitted.
According to the record of the examination, the
prisoners all admitted the offences charged against
them, of being hostile invaders of the Island. At
the time of their trial and execution the main body
of the invaders were still in the field, making war
upon the Spanish authorities and Spanish subjects.
After the lapse of some days, being overcome by
the Spanish troops, they dispersed on the 24th of
August; Lopez, their leader, wets captured some
days after, and executed on the 1st of September.
Many of his remaining followers were killed, or
died of hunger and fatigue, and the rest were made
prisoners. Of these, none appear to have been
tried or executed. Several of them were pardoned
upon application of their friends and others, and
the rest, about one hundred and sixty in number,
were sent to Spain. Of the final disposition made
of these we have no official information.
Such is the melancholy result of this illegal and
ill-fated expedition. Thus, thoughtless young
men have been induced, by false„and fraudulent
representations, to violate the law of their country,
through rash and unfounded expectations of assist-
ing to accomplish political revolutions in' other
States, and have lost their lives in the undertaking.
Too severe a judgment can hardly be passed, by
the indignant sense of the community, upon those
who, being better informed themselves, have yet
led away the ardor of youth and an ill-directed
love of political liberty. The correspondence be-
tween this Government and that of Spain relating
to this transaction is herewith communicated.
Although these offenders against the laws have
forfeited the protection of their country, yet the
Government may, so far as is consistent with its
obligations to other countries, and its fixed pur-
pose to maintain and enforce the laws, entertain
sympathy for their unoffending families and friends,
as well as a feeling of compassion for themselves.
Accordingly no proper effort has been spared, and
none will he spared, to procure the release of such
citizens of the United States, engaged in this un-
lawful enterprise, as are now in confinement in
Spain; but it is to be hoped that such interposition
with the Government of that country may not be
considered as affording any ground of expectation
that the Government of the United States will,
hereafter, feel itself under any obligation of duty
to interfere for the liberation or pardon of such
persons as are flagrant offenders against the law
of nations and the laws of the United States.
Those laws must be executed. If we desire to
maintain our respectability among the nations of
the earth, it behooves us to enforce steadily and
sternly the Neutrality acts passed by Congress,
and to follow, as far as may be, the violation of
those acts with condign punishment.
But what gives a peculiar criminality to this in-
vasion of Cuba is, that, under the lead of Spanish
subjects and with the aid of citizens of the United
States, it had its origin, with many, in motives of
cupidity. Money was advanced by individuals,
probably in considerable amounts, to purchase
Cuban bonds, as they have been called, issued by
Lopez, sold, doubtless, at a very large discount,
and for the payment of which the public lands and
public property of Cuba, of whatever kind, and
the fiscal resources of the people and government
of that Island, from whatever source to be derived,
were pledged, as well as the good faith of the gov-
ernment expected to be established. All these means
of payment, it is evident, were only to be obtained
by a process of bloodshed, war, and revolution.
None will deny that those who set on foot, military
expeditions against foreign States by means like
these, are far more culpable than the ignorant and
the necessitous whom they induce to go forth as
the ostensible parties in the proceeding. These
originators of the invasion of Cuba seem to have
determined, with coolness and system, upon an
undertaking which should disgrace their country,
violate its laws, and put to hazard the Jives of ill-
informed and deluded men. You will consider
whether further legislation be necessary to prevent
the perpetration of such offences in future.
No individuals have the right to hazard the
peace of the country, er to violate its laws, upon
vague notions-of altering or reforming governments
in other States. This principle is not only reason-
able^ itself, and in accordance with public law,
but is ingrafted into the codes of other nations.as
well as our own. But while such are the senti-
ments of this Government, it may be. added .that
every independent nation must be presumed
to be able to defend its possessions against unau-
thorized individuals banded together to attack
them. The Government of the United States, #
all times since its establishment, has abstained,
and has sought to restrain the citizens of the coun-
try , from entering into controveraies between other
Powers, and to observe all the duties of neutrality..
At an early period of the Government—in tHe. ad-
ministration of Washington—several laws -were
passed for this purpose. The main provisions of
these laws were reenacted by the act of April,
1818, by which, amongst other things, it was der
clared, that if any person shall, within the territory
or jurisdiction of the United States, begin, or set
on foot, or provide, or prepare the means for any
military expedition or enterprise to be carried on
from thence against the territory or dominion of
any foreign prince or State, or of any colony, dis-
trict, or people with whom the United States ar«
at peace, every person so offending shall be deemed
guilty of a high misdemeanor, and shall be fined
not exceeding three thousand dollars, and impris-
oned not more than three years; and this law has
been executed and enforced, to the full extent of
the power of the Government, from that day to
this.
In proclaiming and adhering to the doctrine of
neutrality and non-intervention, the United States
have not followed the lead of other civilized na-
tions; they have taken the lead themselves, and
have been followed by others. This was admit-
ted by one of the most eminent of modern British
statesmen, who said in Parliament, while a min-
ister of the Crown, "that if he wished for a
' guide in a system of neutrality, he should take
' that laid down by America in the days of Wash-
' ington and the Secretaryship of Jefferson;"-and
we see, in fact, that the act of Congress of 1818
"was followed the succeeding year by an act of the
Parliament of England, substantially the same in
its general provisions. Up to that time there had
been no similar law in England, except certain
highly penal statutes passed in the'reign of George
II., prohibiting English subjects from enlisting in
foreign service, the avowed object of which stat-
utes was, that foreign armies, raised for the pur-
pose of restoring the house of Stuart to the throne,
should not be strengthened by recruits from Eng-
land herself.
All must see that difficulties may arise in carry-
ing the laws referred to into execution in a coun-
try now having three or four thousand miles of
sea-coast, with an infinite number of ports and
harbors and small inlets, from some of which un-
lawful expeditions may suddenly set forth, with-
out the knowledge of Government, against the
possessions of foreign States.
Friendly relations with all, but entangling alli-
ances with none, has long been a maxim w<jth us.
Our true mission is not to propagate our opinions,
or impose upon other countries our form of gov-
ernment, by artifice or force; but to teach by ex-
ample, and show by our success, moderation,and
justice, the blessings of self-government and the
advantages of free institutions. Let every people
choose for itself, and make and alter its political
institutions to suit its own condition and conve-
nience. But, while we .avow and maintain this
neutral poliey ourselves, we are anxious to see
the same forbearance on the part of other nations,
whose forms of government are different from our
own. The deep interest which we feel in the
spread of liberal principles and the establishment
of free governments, and the sympathy with which
we witness every struggle against oppression, for-
bid that we should be indifferent to those in which
the strong arm of a foreign power is invoked to
stifle public sentiment, and repress the spirit of
freedom in any country.
The Governments of Great Britain and France
have issued orders to their naval commanders o«
the West India station to prevent by force, if
necessary, the landing of adventurers from any
j nation on the Island of Cuba with hostile intent.
| The copy of a memorandum of a conversation on
] this subject between the Charge d 'Affaires of her
i Britannic Majesty and the Actipg Secretary of
