16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 2.
State, and of a subsequent note of the former to
the Department of State, are herewith submitted,
together with a copy of a note of the Acting Sec-
retary of State to the Minister of the French Re-
public, and of the reply of the latter, on the same
subject. These papers will acquaint you with
the'grounds of this interposition of the two lead-
ing commercial Powers of Europe, and with the
apprehensions, which this Government could not
fail to entertain, that such interposition, if carried
into effect, might lead to abuses in derogation of
the maritime rights of the United States. The i
maritime rights of the United Spates are founded
on a firm, secure, and well-defined basis; they
stand upon the ground of national independence
and public law, and will be maintained in all their
full and just extent.
The principle which this Government has here-
tofore solemnly announced it still adheres to, and
will maintain under all circumstances and at all
hazards. That principle is, that in every regu-
larly documented merchant vessel, the crew who
navigate it, and those on board of it, will find their
protection in the flag which is over them. No
American ship can be allowed to be visited or
searched for the purpose of ascertaining the char-
acter of individuals on board, nor can there be
allowed any watch by the vessels of any foreign
nation over American vessels on the coasts of the
United States, or the seas adjacent thereto. It
will be seen by the last communication from the
British Charge d'affaires to the Department of.
State, that he is authorized to assure the Secre- ■
tary of State that every care will be taken that,
in executing the preventive measures against the
expeditions, which the United States Government
itself has denounced as not being entitled to the
protection of any Government, no interference
shall take place with the lawful commerce of any
nation.
In addition to the correspondence on this sub-
ject, herewith submitted, official information has
been received at the Department of State, of as-
surances by the French Government that, in the
orders given to the French naval forces, they were
expressly instructed, in any operations they might
engage in, to respect the flag of the United States,
wherever it might appear, and to commit no act
of hostility upon any vessel or armament under
its protection.
Ministers and consuls of foreign nations are the
means and agents of communication between us
and those nations, and it is of the utmost import-
ance that, while residing in the country, they
should feel a perfect security so long as they
faithfully discharge their respective duties, and
are guilty of no violation of our laws. This is
the admitted law of nations, and no country has a
deeper interest in maintaining it than the United
States. Our commerce spreads over every sea,
and visits every clime, and our ministers and con-
suls arc appointed to protect the interests of that
commerce, as well as to guard the pcace of the
country, and maintain the honor of its flag. But
how can they discharge these duties unless they
be themselves protected? and, if protected, it must
be by the laws of the country in which they reside.
And what is due to our own public functionaries
residing m foreign nations is exactly the measure
of what is due to the functionaries of other Govern-
ments residing here. As in war, the bearers of
flags of truce are sacred, or else wars would be
interminable, so in peace, embassadors, public
ministers, and consuls, charged with friendly na-
tional intercourse, are objects of especial respect
and protection, each according to the rights be-
longing to his rank and station. In view of these
important principles, it is with deep mortification
and regret I announce to you that, during the ex-
citement growing out of the executions at Havana,
the office of her Catholic Majesty's consul at New
Orleans was assailed by a mob, his property de-
stroyed, the Spanish flag found in the office car-
ried off and torn in pieces, and he himself induced
to flee for his personal safety, which he supposed
to be in danger. On receiving intelligence of these
events, I forthwith directed the attorney of the
United States, residing at New Orleans, to inquire
into the facts, and the extent of the pecuniary loss
sustained by the consul, with the intention of lay-
ing them before you, that you might make provis-
ion for such indemnity to him as a just regard
for the honor of the nation and the respect which
is due to a friendly power, might, in your judg-
ment, seem to require. The correspondence upon
this subject between the Secretary of State and
her Catholic Majesty's Minister Plenipotentiary is
herewith transmitted.
The occurrence at New Orleans has led me to
give my attention to the state of our laws in re-
gard to foreign embassadors, ministers, and con-
suls. I think the legislation of the country is
deficient in not providing sufficiently either for the
protection or the punishment of consuls. ^ I there-
fore recommend the subject to the' consideration
of Congress.
Your attention is again invited to the question
of reciprocal trade between the United States and
Canada, and other British possessions near our
frontier. Overtures for a convention upon this
subject have been received from her Britannic Ma-
jesty's Minister Plenipotentiary, but it seems to
be in many respects preferable that the matter
should be regulated by reciprocal legislation. Doc-
uments are laid before you, showing the terms
which the British Government is willing to offer,
and the measures which it may adopt, if some
arrangement upon this subject shall not be made.
From the accompanying copy of a note from
the British legation at Washington, and the reply
of the Department of State thereto, it will appear
that her Britannic Majesty's Government is desi-
rous that a part of the boundary line between Or-
egon and the British possessions should be author-
itatively marked out, and that an intention was
expressed to apply to Congress for an appropria-
tion to defray the expense thereof on the part of
the United States. Your attention to this subject
is accordingly invited, and a proper appropriation
recommended.
A convention for the adjustment of claims of
citizens of the United States against Portugal has
been concluded, and the ratifications have been ex-
changed. The first installment of the amount to
be paid by Portugal fell due on the 30th of Sep-
tember last, and has been paid.
The President of the French Republic, accord-
ing to the provisions of the convention, has been
selected as arbiter in the case of the General Arm-
strong, and has signified that he accepts the trust,
and the high satisfaction he feels in acting as the
common friend of two nations with which France
is united by sentiments of sincere and lasting
amity.
The Turkish Government has expressed its
thanks for the kind reception given to the Sultan's
agent, Amm Bey, on the occasion of his recent
visit to the United States. On the 28th of Febru-
ary last, a dispatch was addressed by the Secre-
tary of State to Mr. Marsh, the American Minis-
ter at Constantinople, instructing him to ask of
the Turkish Government permission for the Hun-
garians, then imprisoned within the dominions of
the Sublime Porte, to remove to this country. On
the 3d of March last, both Houses of Congress
passed a resolution requesting the President to
authorize the employment of a public vessel to
convey to this country Louis Kossuth and his as-
sociates in captivity.
The instruction above referred to was complied
with, and the Turkish Government having released
Governor Kossuth and his companions from
prison, on the 30th of September last they em-
barked on board of the United States steam-frigate
Mississippi, which was selected to carry into
effect the resolution of Congress. Governor Kos-
suth left the Mississippi at Gibraltar, for the pur-
j pose of making a vist to England, and may shortly
j be expected in New York. By communications
I to the Department of State he has expressed his
| grateful acknowledgments for the interposition of
this Government in behalf of himself andhisasso-
i ciates. This country has been justly regarded as
| a safe asylum for those whom political events have
; exiled from their own homes in Europe; and it is
! recommended to Congress to consider in what
I manner Governor Kossuth and his companions,
; brought hither by its authority, shall be received
I and treated.
I It is earnestly to be hoped that the differences
; which have for some time past been pending be-
tween the Government of the French Republic and
that of the Sandwich Islands, may be peaceably
and durably adjusted, so as to secure the inde-
pendence of those Islands. Long before the events
which have of late imparted so much importance
to the possessions of the United States on the Pa-
cific, we acknowledged the independence of the
Hawaiian Government. This Government was
first in taking that step, and several of the leading
Powers of Europe immediately followed. ^ We
were influenced in this measure by the existing
and prospective importance of the Islands as a
place of refuge and refreshment" for our vessels
engaged in the whale fishery, and by the consid-
eration that they lie in the course of the great
trade which must, at no distant day, be carried on
between the western coast of North America and
Eastern Asia.
We were also influenced by a desire that those
Islands should not pass under the control of any
other great maritime State, but should remain in
an independent condition, and so be accessible and
useful to the commerce of all nations. I need not
say that the importance of these considerations
had been greatly enhanced by the sudden and vast
development wnich the interests of the United States
have attained in California and Oregon; and the
policy heretofore adopted in regard to those Islands
will be steadily pursued.
It is gratifying, not only to those who consider
the commercial interests of nations, but also to all
who favor the progress of knowledge and the dif-
fusion of religion, to see a community emerge
from a savage state and attain such a degree of
civilization m those distant seas.
It is much to be deplored that the internal tran-
quillity of the Mexican Republic should again be
seriously disturbed; for, since the peace between
that Republic and the United States, it had en-
joyed such comparative repose that the most
favorable anticipations for the future might, with
a degree of confidence, have been indulged. These,
however, have been thwarted by the recent out-
break in the State of Tamaulipas, on the ri^ht
bank of the Rio Bravo. Having received informa-
tion that persons from the United States had taken
part in the insurrection, and apprehending that
their example might be followed by others, I
caused orders to be issued for the purpose of pre-
venting any hostile expeditions against Mexico
from being set on foot in violation of the laws of
the United States. I likewise issued a proclama-
tion upon the subject, a copy of which is herewith
laid before you. This appeared to be rendered
imperative.by the obligations of treaties and the
general duties of good neighborhood.
In my last annual message I informed Congress
that citizens of the United States had undertaken,
the connection of the two oceans by means of a
railroad across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, under
a grant of the Mexican Government to a citizen
of that Republic; and that this enterprise would
probably be prosecuted with energy whenever
Mexico should consent to such stipulations with
the Government of the United States as should
import a feeling of security to those who should
invest their property in the enterprise.
A convention between the two Governments for
the accomplishment of that end has been ratified
by this Government, and only awaits the decision
of the Congress and the Executive of that Repub-
lic.
Some unexpected difficulties and delays have
arisen in the ratification of that convention by
Mexico, but it is to be presumed that her decision
will be governed by just and enlightened views, as
well of the general importance of the object, as of
her own interests and obligations.
In negotiating upon this important subject, this
Government has had in view one, and only one,
object. That object has been, and is, the con-
struction or attainment of a passage from ocean to
ocean, the shortest and the best for travelers and
!j merchandise, and equally open to all the world,
'j It has sought to attain no territorial acquisition,
!i nor any advantages peculiar to itself;and it would
|| see, with the greatest regret, that Mexico should
ji oppose any obstacle to the accomplishment of an
enterprise which promises so much convenience to
the whole commercial world, and such eminent
advantages to Mexico herself. Impressed with
these sentiments and these convictions, the Gov-
ernment will continue to exert all proper efforts to
biing about the necessary arrangement with the
Republic of Mexico for the speedy completion of
the work.
For some months past the Republic of Nicara-
gua has been the threatre of one of those civil con-
vulsions, from which the cause of free institutions,
and the general prosperityand social progress of
the States of Central America, have so often and
