.928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30.
are willing to pay for the land. They have paid
as much, and perhaps more, money in the same
length of time as any other community, of equal
numbers, in the United States. It seems to me
that it would be a gratification to the Congress of
the United States to pass this law for the benefit
of these people.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FELCH gave notice of his intention to in-
troduce a bill to grant preemption rights to cer-
tain settlers on an island called the Grand Chen-
iSre, in the southwestern land district in Louisiana,
and for other purposes.
EXPEDITION TO JAPAN.
Mr. BORLAND. Lsubmit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to the Senate the object of the naval expedi-
tion recently ordered into the Indian ocean, and paiticu-
larly to the coast of Japan, and copies? of any instructions
that liave been given to the commander of that expedition.
I ask the unanimous,consent of the Senate to
consider this resolution at this time.
Objection was made.
Mr. BORLAND. I would state as a reason
why it should be considered now, that the naval
expedition to which it refers, it is said, is about to
sail. I saw it stated in a debate in the House of
Representatives which occurred day before yester-
day, that it was expected that the expedition
would sail to-day. The object of the resolution is
to ascertain, and I think it is important to the Sen-
ate, and to the country, to know the objects of
that expedition, for I think it very certain, judging
from other circumstances in other branches of the
public service, that we shall be called upon to make
an appropriation to pay the expenses of the ex-
pedition. Therefore, before the expedition leaves
the country, 1 think it is important that it should
be known what are its objects, in order that this
branch of the Government may pasa upon its pro-
priety.
Mr. GWIN objected to the consideration of the
resolution, and it lies over under the rule.
IMPORT DUTIES.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was read, and ordered to be printed;
Resolved, That the paramount interests of the country
require that the duties prescribed by th^ act entitled "An
act reducing the duty on imports, and (or other purposes,"
passed July 30, 1816, should be altered and modified so that
while they may rai^e sufficient revenue to meet the want*
of the Government, they may al- o give proper encourage-
ment and protection to American labor, enterprise, and cap-
ital ; aud also to guard the Government ugamst known
abuses and fraud in the collection of its revenue.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOUGLAS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill, sup-
plemental to tlie act eulilled " An act extending
the jurisdiction of the district courts to certain
cases uj 10p. the lakes and the navigable waters con-
necting the same," approved February 26, 1848;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CHANCE OF NAME.
Mr. DOUGLAS, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill,
to change the name of Joseph Lewis Breese, a
midshipman in the Navy of the United States;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BADGER. That is a bill to which I be-
lieve there will be no objection. I therefore ask
that it may have its second reading now, by unan-
imous consent, and he put upon its passage.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
change the name of Joseph Lewis Breese'to Sam-
uel Livingston Breese, by which name he shall be
known and rated on the books of the Navy De-
partment, the Navy Register, and elsewhere, from
ar.d after the passage of the act.
Mr. HALE. I want to know whether this in-
dividual is a resident of the District of Columbia'
Mr. CADGER. He is not.
Mr. HALE. Then what authority have we to
change his name? I do not remember that any-
thing of the sort has ever been done but once, and
that was in tiie case of a foreigner, who came to
reside in this District. If this individual were a
resident of the District, there could be no objection
to it. But it seems to me that if he lives In one
of the States, this is a power which expressly be-
longs to the State Legislature.
Mr. BADGER. I think the honorable Senator
is under a mistake. Whatever was the residence
of the officer at the time he was appointed into
the Navy of the United States, he lost that resi-
dence, of course.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no.
Mr. CHASE. Not at all.
Mr. BADGER. Of course he did. The Sen-
ator is also mistaken in regard to the exercise of
this power. It has been exercised many times
since 1 have been in Congress, in regard to officers
in the Navy of the United States, whose names
are on the 'books of the Navy Department; and
Congress, in repeated instances, when applied to,
has changed their names. There was the case of
a man named Photius Kavasales, whose name was
changed to Photius Fisk. It was a very singular
taste, to be sure, to change his name from Kava-
sales to Fisk; but he desired it, and it was done— i
Congress taking the responsibility to grant his re- [
quest. This case stands on the same foundation, j
Mr. GEYER. Does the individual ask this? !
Mr. BADGER. He does. j
Mr. PRATT. It seems to me that this is a :
power exclusively to be exercised by the local |
Legislatures, in reference to citizens living within j
the limits of their jurisdiction. Certainly the Sen- i
ator from North Carolina must be wrong, when j
he says that a citizen of a particular State, by !
being appointed an officer in the Army or Navy ;
of the United States, loses his citizenship in the j
State from which he is appointed. I
There is another objection to which I ask the '
attention of the Senate. I do not know that the '
States have hitherto exercised the power to change !
the christian name of an individual. It has never i
been done within my knowledge. That might I
depend, perhaps, upon the religion of the individ-
ual. It depends on the church in which he is |
christened. I do not know that the State Legis-
latures have ever exercised the power to change ;
the christian name of an individual. 1 have known
the surname of an individual to be changed by an
act of the Legislature of a State; but, within my
knowledge, I am not aware of a single instance I
in which a State Legislature has undertaken to
change the christian name of a person. The ob-
ject of this bill is to change the christian name
alone, and not the surname of this individual. j
Mr. DOUGLAS. The person whose name is |
proposed to be changed, is the son of ex-Senator
Breese, who is known to us all. The reason why {
the application is made here, instead of being made i
to the local Legislature, is simply this: He is a
midshipman in the Navy, and if the Illinois Legis-
lature should make the change of the name, still
the record here would not be thereby changed.
Congress is the only power that can change a i
name on the records of the Department. We
only ask for an act of Congress so as to authorize
a change of name on the Naval Register, and have .
that conformed to the change which the family '
have made among themselves. It is only pro-!
posed to change the recoid. I understand thatthe:
precedents are in favor of this application. Sen-
ator Breese, in requesting me to make the appli-
cation, referred to the case cited by the Senator
from North Carolina as n precedent for this bill,
and as showing the reason why the application
was made to Congress.
Mr. BADGER. When I said that a person :
appointed to the Army or the Navy of the United
States lost his citizenship in the State from which
he was appointed, I did not mean to use the term i
in the sense implying that he lost any of those j
ordinary rights that belong to the citizens of the
State in which he resided: but what I meant was,
that he ceased to be under the jurisdiction of the ,
local Legislature. And I believe I used the term
residence, and not the term citizenship. When
an individual is appointed to the Army or Navy,
he is under the control of the United States. He
is, and remains, where he is ordered to be. He
is no longer the governor and director of his own
j residence. That is all I meant to convey.
| In regard to the distinction in the surname, we
| know that every man may change his name as he
1 pleases, and acquire a new name by reputation.
But this young gentleman being in the service of
the United States, his object is to have his name
changed by an act of authority, by which the old 1
name may be removed from the Register and the '
new name inserted. That is ail. ° 1
Mr. BAYARD. Is there any pecedent, of any 1
similar law, on the statute-book ?
Mr. BADGER. Yes, sir. There is the case
I have mentioned. An individual, by the name
of Photius Kavasales, had his name changed, by
act of Congress, to Photius Fisk.
Mr. BAYARD. If it were done by act of
Congress in that case, then I see no objection to
this bill.
Mr. BADGER. It was done by act of Con-
gress in that case; and 1 believe the individual
was a chaplain in the Navy.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. "I am against this bill,
as at present advised; and I wish to make a few
suggestions why I think it ought not to pass.
This bill assumes a power which, it seems to me,
cannot necessarily be exercised, in the execution
of any of the grants of the Constitution; and it
seems to me also, that it is interfering in a matter
which belongs exclusively to the States. Although
I am not generally charged with being very much
of a State-Rights man, I do believe that I am'as
much a stickler for the proper division of powers
between the General Government and the State
governments, and the strict construction in refer-
ence to the grants of power to the General Govern-
ment, as anybody else. If we begin to exercise
a jurisdiction over a midshipman in the Navy,
where is this to end? Will it not embrace all the
postmasters in the country, all the army officers,
as well as the naval officers, and every employee
of the Government, who wants his name to be
changed5 I am against this, because I see no
limit to the exercise of the power, if we once be-
gin to assume it.
I am told that the case which is relied on as a
precedent, was that of a citizen resident in the
District of Columbia, and one who was not a res-
ident of any of the States.
j Now, I deny that an individual, by entering the
1 service of the country, as an officer in the Army,
| or in the Navy, thereby changes his citizenship.
I think that he continues a citizen of the State from
which he was appointed, notwithstanding his en-
; tering into the service of the United States, as
much so as a minister or consul, who is sent
i abroad, continues a citizen of the State in which
he resided at the time of his appointment, although
he exercises functions in a foreign country.
For these reasons, although it may seem to be
a little matter, I am not willing to introduce a pre-
cedent which may thus enlarge the jurisdiction of
Congress over a subject not connected, it seems to
me, with our constitutional duties, and which may-
hereafter consume a great deal of time. If we save
only time, it will be something gained by refusing
to pass this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot perceive that this bill
involves questions of citizenship. Some persons
change their names to avail themselves of a be-
quest; others change their names at pleasure. I
take it that every man has the right to go by what
name he pleases; but sometimes it is desirable to
have a record of the fact of a change of name, that a
man may seem to have done it for an honest and
proper purpose. All that this individual wants, all
he desires, is, to appear consistent with himself, and
to have an expression of opinion here which shall
; be matter of public record and go down to pos-
terity, to show that when he assumed a new name
he did it properly. He wishes to be able to iden-
tify his person, and go behind that change and
show who he was. Now, inasmuch as he is an
officer of this Government, it seems to me to he
very appropriate, indeed, that this law should pass
in order to enable him to maintain his own iden-
tity.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Thepointof my friend's
argument is, that we should make records to grat-
ify individual wishes, and theieby to perpetuate a
fact in which the country has no manner of inter-
est, merely for the gratification of a single indi-
vidual. Why, if our time is to be taken up on
business of this sort, for every individual of the
country, we may have nothing on earth to do but
to make these private records. I cannot consent
to it for the very reason that my friend urges, that
our time is to be taken up in making private rec-
ords for individuals. If this individual gets his
j name changed by an act of Assembly, it will not
change his commission. If that commission was
granted to him under the name of A B, if he can
get an act of Assembly changing his name to C D,
he will still hold the office under the commission
granted to A B. The act does not change his per-
