1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
unless the House be equally divided, or unless his vote, if
given to the minority, will make the division equal ; and in
case of such equal division the question shall be lost-
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
inquire whether there was an error in the state-
ment of the vote?
The SPEAKER, There was an error in the
statement of the vote. The Chair thought it was
his duty to state that error to the House, that it
might be corrected; and he was under the impres-
sion that it was his duty, also, under the rule, to
cast his vote. It will be for the House to deter-
mine what disposition it will make of the matter.
Mr. STANTON. I think the Speaker is per-
fectly right.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Suppose the error
had not been discovered until after the House ad-
journed to-day, the Speaker would have brought
it to the consideration of the House to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Journal must have been
corrected in the morning, at a(l events.
Mr. JONES. The error would have been dis-
covered, and the Speaker would have given his
vote then.
Mr. STUART. When I raised my question
of order, I did not understand the fact now stated,
that an error existed in the vote, which was sub-
sequently corrected.
The SPEAKER. There was a miscount of one
vote.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING AGAIN.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 certainly will not inflict a
speech upon this House upon the printing ques- ;j all, I assureyou. Neither the interests of the Whig
tion. I shall not attempt to debate it in any man- | party or any other party have been attended to.
ner. I simply want to make a statement to the !j We have tried to do what we thought right, and
House, as perhaps some gentlemen did not hear ' that is about all. We expect to elect a Democrat,
the bill read distinctly. Perhaps from where I j! however, if we can, my friend.
Mr. GIDDINGS. One further inquiry. Ts this
bill in accordance with the direction of the Dem-
ocratic caucus5
Mr. GORMAN. Well, sir, I have no kind of
objection to reply to that question. The Demo-
cratic party had a caucus; the Democratic party
did agiee that the public printing had not been ex-
ecuted according to contract; they did agree that
the public service was suffering from that failure;
they did agree that there must be some remedy;
they did agree to adopt a remedy, and they did
agree that this was the best remedy. These are
the matters upon which they agreed.
Mr. MASON. Let me correct the gentleman
in Ins last remark.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have one further question
to ask the gentleman, if he will allow me, but 1
will yield to the gentleman from Kentucky, if he
wishes it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I wish to ask the gentle-
' Armstrong (now Armstrong) to do the printing
I of the House.
J Mr. STANLY. Now I should be glad to
j know what will become of these two contracts if
; this bill becomes a law?
| Mr. GORMAN. I will state to the gentleman
. from North Carolina—and perhaps it is proper
' for me to state it—that if this law goes into eftect,
! Messrs. Gideon and Armstrong have given me in
;! writing power to relinquish their contracts to the
|! Government at any time. I have that writing be-
j; fore me at this moment. I am not at liberty,
!! however, to read it, and have it published in the
j papers, but it has been shown to some of the gen-
j tleman's friends, and I am authorized to relinquish
this contract for Mr. Gideon whenever I say so.
; The present law will have to be repealed before 1
,; ever will say so.
!i Mr. SMART. I have understood—I do not
I know how true it is—that that writing which the
!i gentleman has, is not very explicit, and I think
II it is material that we should see the writing.
j' Mr. GORMAN. I have it here, and if the gen-
ii tleman will come and sit by me, 1 will show it him;
, but I have no authority to let it go into the papers,
, because it was an authority given to me by a gen-
ii tleman in private life.
!: Mr. GIDD1NGS. I want to inquire of the gen-
ii tleman from Indiana if, in this arrangement, the
j1 interests of the Whig party are as well attended
■ i to as those of the Democratic party.
! Mr. GORMAN. They are not attended to at
stand my voice can be heard by every member m
the House, and I will briefly state what this bill is.
The first section provides that the act approved
the 3d August, 1846, shall be repealed. The
second section provides for the election of a pub-
lic printer, and the third section establishes the
prices; and 1 will here state, that the prices are the
same as those which were reported to the House
upon a former occasion. The prices are what
were called Towers's estimate.
Mr. STANLY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. GORMAN. Certainly.
Mr. STANLY. I understand that the gentle-
man does not, propose to debnte this subject, and
I desire, therefore, to ask him m relation to cer-
tain mattei s of fact as he goes along. I under-
stand the gentleman from Indiana to have said
that the prices are neaily the same as those fixed
by the committee for the performance of the work
in case Hamilton's contract was pronounced null
and void. 1 ask th<  gentleman from Indiana if in
that contract there was not more charged because
only the balance of the work had to be done?—be-
cause if the public printer had done all the work
for the whole Congress, he could have done it for
less, (having time to prepare himself,) than it could
be done for by a person who mi«ht undertake to
finish a contract which Boyd Hamilton had left
unfinished :
Mr. GO'I.vIA;: I will answer the gentleman.
T do not know tint tint entered at all into the con-
sideration of the i^iima'e made by Towers. I am
not at all advised that jt did. We did not so state
to him, nor do I know what considerations in-
duced him to fix upon tlu^e prices.
Mr. STANLY. I have been informed that
that consideration did enter into the estimate.
Can the gentleman inform me who fixed those
prices?
Mr. GORMAN. The prices in this bill were
fixed by Mr. Towers, in an estimate sent to the
Printing Committee, I believe three months ago,
or perhaps not more than two months ae;o.
Mr. STANLY. One moie question. Ts not
the contract with Boyd Hamilton pronounced null
and void, ond set aside by the committee?
Mr. GORMAN. The resolution passed by trie
Committee on Printing declared that the contract
was not void, and not forfeited, but that A. Boyd
Hamilton had not complied with his contract.
Mr. STANLY. Was not another contract en-
tered into with other persons to execute the print-
ing?
Mr. GORMAN. A contract was entered into
by the Committee on Printing with Gideon & Co.
to do the printing of the Senate, and Donelson &
man a question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will yield to my friend
from Virginia, as I want to get at these interrog-
atories.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know how the
prices reported by the committee will compare with
the prices of 1819?
Mr. GORMAN. I cannot exactly tell myself,
not being a practical printer; but I understand
printers to say that they are about thirty-five to
thii ty-nine per cent, lower than the prices of 1819.
Mr. PHELPS. An inquiry has been made by
the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Ciddings,] as to
what was done in the Democratic caucus. That
matter has been published, and perhaps, not agree-
ing in everything with what has been said by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman-.] though
i may have misunderstood him, I have no objec-
tion myself to proclaim what was done in that cau-
cus. It was determined that it was expedient that
each House of Congress should elect a public
printer. It was also declared to be expedient to
regulate the price—to pay a reasonable price for
composition, press-woik, binding, and stitching
the documents ordered to be printed for each
branch of Congress. It was furthermore declared
to be expedient,so as to obtain proper paper upon
which the public printing was to be executed,
that Congress should procure the paper for such
printing, and incoming to such a result, I am sat-
isfied that it is the same result to which every gen-
tleman must come, when he takes into considera-
tion the manner in which the public printing has
been executed for the last three Congresses, this
included.
Mr. GORMAN. I said I was not going to
make a speech. The gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps] has detailed precisely what the
Democratic caucus did agree to in a resolution
offered by him. Let me state further, that it was
not determined by that caucus who was to be the
public printer. No nomination was made. The
only thing that was agreed to by that caucus was
what has been stated by the gentleman from
Missouri.
This bill is not presented in obedience to that
caucus. It was drawn long before that caucus
was called—a month before that caucus was
heard of, or thought of. It was drawn immedi-
ately after the nomination for President by the
Democratic party, without consultation, except
with the members of the Committee on Printing,
and with the select committee appointed by this
House, of which the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] is the chairman—the provisions
of this bill being substantially the same as the
provisions of the bill agreed upon by that com-
mittee.
There are some details in this bill in which some
of our friends, and some gentlemen of the oppo-
sition, cannot altogether concur. In the conflict-
ing opinions upon all questions of this complicated
character, there will always be some difference of
opinion in regard to the particular items in a bill;
but the main and'substantial features of this bill
have been submitted to every gentleman by whom
this question of printing has been considered 
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a few questions?
Mr. GORMAN. I will, with pleasure.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have looked over the
sections of this bill, but, of course, I cannot tell
what the rate of compensation is—whether it is
fair or not. I will ask the gentleman how it will
compare with Towers's bid, and with John C.
Rives's bid ?
Mr. GORMAN. I stated to the House before
that this is Towers's estimate; it is substantially
the same as Towers's bid, varying only in one
class. I believe I am within the bounds of truth
when I say that it is critically and actually the
same as Towers's estimate, except in the fourth
class, and that is a little higher.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, if I understand it,
this is about the rate at which it was agreed that
the printing should belet to the Union and the Re-
public.
Mr. GORMAN. This is the precise scale of
prices at which it was agreed that it should be let
to the Union and the Republic.
Mr. CARTTER. T understand that the chair-
man of the committee designs calling the previous
question, but before he does so, I desire to make
an inquiry of him in regard to the precise applica-
tion of the fourth section if the bill. The fourth
section provides—
"That the Clerk of the House of Representatives and the
Secretary of the Senate t-hall purchase of the lowest and
best bidder all the paper to be used lor the public printing;
said paper to be of a fine and smooth texture, weighing at
least fifty pounds to the learn, not calender; the price or
co^t of said paper to be deducted from the puces of printing
hereinbefore fixed."
I wish the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing would explain that provision. It appears to
be that the amount paid for the paper shall be de-
ducted, but no reference is made to the price or
1 quality of the paper.
Mr. GORMAN. I will endeavor to explain
it. Member's upon both sides of the House will
remember that these bids were made with a view
to the public printer being required to find the
paper; this estimate of Towers was made with that
view. Gentlemen will also remember that after
the discussion in this House, there seemed to be
a decided impression that the Government should
buy the paper, that the public printer should not
speculate upon it, and that it would then be of
the style, and texture, and weight that the Gov-
ernment desires Us printing to be done upon. With
that view, my friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Venable] suggested an amendment almost m the
precise words that are employed in this fourth sec-
tion. After examination, I thought it proper that
we should put in that provision; and it was put
in. It simply provides that the price of the paper
is to be deducted from the price of the composi-
tion and press-work,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him what is to be done
with the contract with the present public printer?
Is there any provision for that?
