930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
I do.not know, therefore, how far it is necessary ; i Though the bill names a contractor with whom
that I should again state what, on a former occa- : the postmaster general may contract, it imposes
sion, I deemed it my duty to urge on its considera-upon that officer no absolute obligation to treat
tiftn ill order to show thejustice and the expediency ! J with him; he is left to decide under his own re-
of the measure;for which it provides. It will not, Jj sponsibility, who is to have the contract, not al>
however, tie out, of place, I imagine, that I should
refer to some of the considerations which secured
its passage- when it first came before us.
The Senate will bear in mind that, while vast
and numerous appropriations have been made for
steam-ships plyingbetweensome port on this side
of Mason and Dixon's line and foreign ports, not
one has as yet been made for any communication
solutely the person named in the bill, but on the
contrary, whoever may tender better propositions,
and offer as complete and sure guarantees thai the
contract will be faithfully executed. The sugges-
tion of the measure came into this house through
the memorial of the individual mentioned in the
bill, and with the escort of the recommendation
made of the same to the attention of Congress, by
that might immediately benefit a port south of that the able officer, who holds the chair m the Post
line. Yet, sir, the act which made provision for
the transportation of United States mails between
the United States and foreign countries had clearly
in contemplation that a line would be established
between the points which this bill proposes to
supply with one. Through some mis-wording
jn the bill, however, the provision to which I
allude was deemed obscure, and remained a dead
letter. The consequence has been that our inter-
course with Mexico has gradually diminished, and
a commerce which, in 1835, amounted in imports
to upwards of $9,000,000, is now reduced to some-
thing less than §2,000,000; while our exports, which
were then of more than $8,000,000, had fallen, in
1850, to something over $1,500,000. Thus have
the relations, which secured to us a valuable share
in the interchange of commodities with our sister
Republic, been so utterly annihilated, that our Gov-
ernment has been obliged to resort to one of its
own steamers to carry dispatches from one country
to theother. Thus has the bullion, which Mexico
was in the habit of exchanging with our own pro-
ductions, been diverted to other channels than
those in which it had a natural tendency to flow.
The British steamers now monopolize what there
is of commerce in Mexico, and substract from it
what of the precious metal would have come to our
ports had a proper communication been kept up
between the two Republics, and had the provis-
ions of the act of 1845 been complied with as their
spirit clearly required. What we have lost m
consequence of so glaring a neglect on our part to
attend exigencies which pressed themselves upon
us so urgingly could hardly be believed if I were
to:evidence it to figures. Sir, let us hasten to re-
dress the past, ana do something to restore our
relations with that country to a more natural and
healthy condition. Norare the advantages which
our commerce may derive from a closer and more
friendly connection with Mexico the only consid-
eration that should prompt us to the adoption of
the measure proposed. There are other interests
of no less grade and importance that will be
subserved by it. Our intercourse with neighbors
will and must unavoidably awaken them to a con-
sciousness of the immense resources by which
they are surrounded, and of their ability, by
proper application and industry, to turn them to
the improvement of their physical, social, and
political condition. It will has e, also, a tendency
to strengthen those kind and friendly relations
which it should be our wish, as it is our interest,
that we should cultivate and extend. Our postal
department will not be the last to receive benefit
from the contemplated mail arrangement. Tlie 1
quantity of mailable matter which is being trans- !
ferrcd every month from Mexico to the other paits '•
of the world will, through the facilities afforded, |
soon increase, and seek the nearest and the cheap- !
est channel through which it can be distributed
throughout the globe, and in less than a year, per-
haps, amply compensate the expenditure author-
ized by the bill. Sir, compared with the allowance
made to other lines, it will be iound that while the
line from New York to Liverpool is paid at the
rate of three dollars and ten cents per mile, that
proposed by this bill requires but an expenditure
of one dollar thirty-two and a half cents per
mile. 1
Office Department, your committee to whom the
whole was referred, could not but imbody m its
bill the memorial on whose occasion the measure
which it provided for, had been referred to its con-
sideration. The committee was aware of the op-
position which the insertion in it of a named con-
tractor would excite, and it was with a view tons
avoidance that the bill leaves it facultative with
the Postmaster General, to treat with him, orwith
such other persons as may present equal respon-
sibility and equal ability to perform its require-
ments. Thus, sir, the main difficulty which might
have arisen out of this specification of the individ-
ual with whom the contract should be entered into,
being removed, the bill remains without any of
those objectionable features thatmight have endan-
gered its success. I hope, therefore, that it will
pass.
Mr. CASS. I wish to say one word. I fully
! concur in the considerations urged by the Senator
from Louisiana. I am entirely in favor of the
measure, but I desire to have the name of the party
with whom the contract is to be made struck out.
! I want to haie Congress legislate,and not admin-
istrate in making contracts. I wish to have the
matter left so that the Postmaster General may be
authorized to enter into a contract with any indi-
vidual on due notice, not exceeding the given
amount, and then hold him to the responsibility.
In that way I will vote for it.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have prepared an amend-
ment in accordance with the view of the Senator
from Michigan, which will obviate his objection,
which I beg leave to offer.
In lines six and seven, strike out the words
" W. C. Templeton, or, in his default, with such
other person,5' and insert the words 46 with such
person or persons;" and in the eighth line, after
the word " security," insert the words " after due
public notice;" and in the ninth line, insert after
words "UnitedStates,"thewords " uponthebest
terms for the United States." The bill will then
read thus:
"That the Postmastor General be, and he is hereby au-
tlioiwci ami duccted to enter into a eontiact for a term of
five years, and f'nr a sum not f>\«>eeding $100,000 a year,
with such person or persons as may offer sufficient and sat-
lslactoiy secunty, alter due publicnoticp,foi the transpoit-
| ation oi the ni<uh of the (Tinted States, upon the best terms
for the United States, tiuee times a month from New Oi-
lcan*, via Tampico, to Veia Ciuz and back in steam-ves-
sels," &c.
Mr. DAVIS. I will suggest another modifi-
cation. I am m favor of the general plan of the
Senator from Louisiana. I would like, however,
if it meets his approbation, to leave this an open
question for contract. I would suggest not only
that the names should be stricken "out, so as to
iea\e the matter open in that respect, but I would
inquire of him whether there is any particular ad-
vantage in requiring that these vessels should be
fitted for purposes of war, or that they should be
of a certain tonnage. The question is, will it not
be as well to leave the matter open and free to
anybody and everybody who can furnish suitable
and proper means; and suitable and proper vessels
foi the tiansportation of themails. I say again 
and the Senator knows it very well—that I am
fdvoiably inclined to his general plan, but I do not
see the necessity of requiring these steamers to be
In whatever light, therefore, you consider the !| fitted for war purposes', or that they should be of
measure proposed, it realizes but advantages to the ; j a cei tain tonnage as the bill indicates.
country, while it demands but a comparatively | Mr. SOULE I had two objects in view in re-
a"10". S1 ^ e 1 re®sll)7 to enable it to go | quiring that the steam-ships should be of a certain
into operation I hope, therefore, that the hill I tonnage. The first was to make it certain thatthe
wiU not encounter opposition, and that it will be Jj mad would be carried in such vessels as^ would
suffeied to pass m the foim in which it has been !| afford the best possible accommodation topassen-
presented. You will remark Mr. President, that \\ gers; and it was considered that, unless thelon
no assistance is demanded of the Government to I nage specified in the bill were as required we
huild the steam-ships, their construction will re- mi|htbe exposed to have the line served bv suTh
.pain entirely m the charge of the contractors, vessels as wLld neither afford secur y no/com
fort to those who might wish to take passage on
board of them.
The next consideration wns, that we should also
have an eye to possible contingencies when it
might become desirable to transform the mail-ves-
sels into war-steamers. The apprehension of that
contingency was awakened in my mind by the
occurrence which took place some time ago when
two foreign squadrons made their appearance in
the waters of the Gulf under circumstances well
calculated to create our susceptibilities. Our pres-
ent commerce in the Guff is such that it requires
constant, active protection. It may he, sir—-and I
am among those who confidently entertain the
hope—that we may not see the day when dark
forebodings may cloud the horizon, and give us
occasion to apprehend difficulties, and perhaps col-
lisions with any foreign Power. But still, au, is it
; not the province of statesmen to provide for such
; contingencies? While we are not required to sac-
; rifice anything by imposing such requirements
' upon those who may undertake to run this line,
should we forego the advantage of being able, if
circumstances should demand it, to employ these
vessels as a means of protection and defense ?
I Such were the considerations which prompted me
| to require that the vessels should be of the burden
i mentioned in the bill, and so constructed as to
! allow their being applied in case of necessity to
| war purposes.
i Mr. RUSK. If the suggestion of the honor-
! able Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. DAvib] is
j to be adopted—that is, that this matter shall be
: put into the hands of the lowest bidder, irrespect-
! ive of the vessels in which the mails are to be car-
ried—it will not receive my support; nor, indeed,
would any of these steam lines under a proposition
of that sort. Such a proposition, I am sorry to
say, is entirely in character with a great deal of
the legislation of this country, and in which it
differs from all other countries since the discovery
and use of steam. In money matters, we are
economical to the last dime; but where human life
is concerned > we are as lavish as we well can be.
So it would appear, at least, if we put these con-
tracts down at the lowest rate; and we thus offer
a premium to reckless speculators to accept them
and bring into the service vessels with rotten hulls,
and in all other respects unworthy and unsafe, the
result of which will be accidents similar to that
which occurred at the mouth of the Columbia river
a short time ago. Down would go'the vessels,
and the lives of the" passengers and the crews
! would be sacrificed. That, sir, it appears to me,
| is one of the chief characteristics of this system;
I for we have comparatively no security for human
life, so far as steam is concerned. It is true that
we have a law ujjonthe statute-book in relation to
this subject; but it amounts to nothing. It is just
the same as if that Jaw were not there. Very dif-
ferent is the course pursued by the English Gov-
ernment in this respect. They have adopted every
; possible safeguard that science has thus far been
| enabled to suggest, and are yet adopting them;
; and no oneis permitted to use steam withoutgiving
all possible security to prevent the destruction
of human life. And what is the difference, Mr.
1 President, between the bill as it is proposed and,
: the amendment which has been suggested > The
only difference is—and the only benefit which the
bill proposes, and which is to compensate for the
increased expenditure—m the fact, that we shall
have afloat on the ocean vessels in which men may
venture themselves with perfect safety. I believe
that m no case where contracts have thus been
made has an accident happened by which human
life has been lost: and the reason is, that the con-
tractors were obliged to build vessels of sufficient
strength. If, then, we are to carry on this sys-
tem, let us at least be careful that we do not lead
individuals into a policy, the result of which may
be the reckless destruction of human life.
With regard to the main proposition embraced
in the bill, it should be remembered that we are in
the immediate vicinity of Mexico—a nation num-
1 benng eight millions of people, and they, too, a
consuming people; and yet such has been our neg-
ligence and carelesxsness that, as the honorable
Senator from Louisiana says, we have a com-
merce with them now not exceeding $2,500,000—
a commerce, I believe, not so great as that which
results from our intercourse with China. This
bill asks a communication with one of the ports of
Mexico and one of the ports of our own country
