18
TIfE CONGRESSIONAL '0LOBE.
Dec. 2,
referred to, I caused the stock to be prepared, and
the five millions which are to be issued uncondi-
tionally, bearing an interest of five per cent., from
the 1st day of January, 1851, have been for some
time ready to be delivered to the State of Texas.
The authorities of Texas, up to the present time,
have not authorized any one to receive this stock,
and it remains in the Treasury Department, sub-
ject to the order of Texas.
The releases, requited by law to be deposited in
the Treasury, not having been filed there, the re-
maining five millions have not been issued. This
last amount ofHhe stock will be withheld from
Texas until the conditions upon which it is to be
delivered shall be complied with by the creditors of
that State, unless Congress shall otherwise direct
by a modification of the law.
In my last annual message, to which I respect-
fully refer, I stated briefly the reasons which in-
duced me to recommend a modification of the
present tariff, by converting the ad valorem into a
specific duty, wherever the article imported was
of such a character as to permit it, and that such
a discrimination should be made in favor of the
industrial pursuits of our own country as to en-
cnuragehome production, without excluding for-
eign competition.
The numerous frauds which continue to be
practised upon the revenue, by false invoices and
undervaluations, constitute an unanswerable rea-
son for adopting specific instead of ad valorem*
duties in all cases where the nature of the com-
modity does not forbid it. A striking illustration
of these frauds will be exhibited in the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, showing the cus-
tom-house valuation of articles imported under a
former law subject to specific duties, when there
was no inducement to undervaluation, and the
custom-house valuations of the same articles, un-
der the present system of ad valorem duties, so
greatly reduced as to leave no doubt of the exist-
ence of the most flagrant abuses under the exist-
ing laws. This practical evasion ot the pre,sent
law, combined with the languishing condition of
some of the great interests of the country, caused
by over-importations rmd consequent depressed
prices, and with the failure m obtaining a foreign
market for our increasing surplus of bread^tufis
and provisions, has induced me again to recom-
mend a modification of the exist his tariff.
The report of the Secretary of the Interior,
which accompanies this communication, will pre-
sent a condensed statement of the operations of
that important department of the Government.
[t will be seen that the cash sales of the public
lands exceed those of the preceding year, and that
there is reason to anticipate a still further increase,
notwithstanding the large donations which have
been made to many of the States, and the liberal
grants to individuals as a reward for military ser-
vices. This fact furnishes very gratifying evi-
dence of the growing wealth and prosperity of our
country.
Suitable measures have been adopted for com-
mencing the survey of the public lands m Califor-
nia and Oregon. Surveying parties have been
organized, and some progress has been made in
establishing the principal base and meridian lines.
Hut further legislation and additional appropria-
tions will be necessary before the proper sub-
divisions can he made, and the general land system
extended over those remote parts of our territory.
On the 3d of A [arch last an act was passed pro-
viding for the appointmentof three commissioners
to settle private land claims in California. Three
persons were immediately appointed, all of whom,
however, declined accepting the office, in conse-
quence of the inadequacy of the compensation.
Others were promptly selected, who, for the same
xvison,also declined; and it was not until late in
the season that the services of suitable persons
could be secured. A majority of the commis-
sioners convened in this city on the lOih of Sep-
tember last, when detailed instructions were given
to them in regard to their duties. Their first
meeting for the transaction of business will be held
in San Fi ancisco on the 8th day ot the present
month.
I have thought it proper to refer to these facts,
not only to explain the causes'of the delay in filling
the commission, but to call your attention to the
propriety of increasing the compensation of the
commissioners. The office is one of great labor
and responsibility, and the compensation should
be such as to comrriand men of a high order of
talents and the most unquestionable integrity.
' The proper disposal of the mineral lands of
California is a subject surrounded by great diffi-
culties. In my last annual message I recommended
the survey and sale'of them in small parcels, under
stich restrictions as-would effectually guard against
monopoly and speculation. But upon further
information, and in deference to the opinions of
persons familiar with the subject, I am inclined to
change that recommendation, and to advise that
they be permitted to remain, as at present, a com-
mon field, open to the enterprise and industry of
ail our citizens, until further experience shall have
developed the best policy to be ultimately adopted
in regard to them. It is safer to suffer the incon-
venience that now exists, for a short period, than,
by premature legislation, to fasten on the country
a system founded in error, which may place the
whole subject beyond the future control of Con-
gress.
The agricultural lands should, however, be sur-
veyed and brought into market with as little delay
as possible, that the titles may become settled.,
and the inhabitants stimulated to make perma-
nent improvements, and enter on the ordinary
pursuits of life. To effect these objects it is desir-
able that the necessary provision be made by law
for the establishment of land offices in California
and Oregon, and for the efficient prosecution of the
surveys at an early day.
Some difficulties have occurred in organizing the
territorial governments of New Mexico and Utah;
and, when more accurate information shall be ob-
tained of the causes, a further communication will
be made on that subject.
In my last annual communication to Congress,
I recommended the establishment of an Agricul-
tural Bureau, and I take this occasion again to in-
voke your favorableconsideration of the subject.
Agriculture may justly be regarded as the great
interest of our people. Four fifths of our active
population are employed in the cultivation of the
soil, and the rapid expansion of our settlements
over new territory is daily adding to the number
of those engaged in that vocation. Justice and
sound policy, therefore, alike require that the Gov-
ernment should use all the means authorized by
the Constitution to promote the interests and wel-
fare of that important class of our fellow-citizens.
And yet it is a singular fact, that whilst the man-
ufacturing and commercial interests have engaged
the attention of Congress during a large portion of
every session, and our statutes abound in provisions
for their protection and encouragement, little has
yet been done directly for the advancement of agri-
rulture. It is time that this reproach to our legis-
lation should be removed; and I sincerely hope
that the present Congress will not close their labors
without adopting efficient means to supply the
omissions of those who have preceded them.
An agricultural bureau, charged with the duty
of collecting and disseminating correct information
as to the best modes of cultivation, and of the most
effectual means of preserving and restoring the
fertility of the soil, and of procuring arrd distribu-
ting seeds, and plants, and other vegetable produc-
tions, with instructions in regard to the soil, cli-
mate, and treatment best adapted to their growth,
could not fail to be, in the language of Washing-
ton, in his last annual message to Congress, a
" very cheap instrument of immense national ben-
efit."
Regarding the act of Congress, approved 28th
September, 1850, granting bounty lands to persons
who had been engaged in the military service of
the country, as a great measure of national justice
and munificence, an anxious desire has been felt,
by the officers intrusted with its immediate execu-
tion, to give prompt effect to its provisions. All
the means within their control were, therefore,
brought into requisition to expedite the adjudica-
tion of claims; and I am gratified to be able to
state, that near one hundred thousand applications
have been considered, and about seventy thousand
warrants issued, within the short space of nine
months. If adequate provision be made by law
to carry into effect the recommendations of the
Department, it is confidently expected that, before
the close of the next fiscal year, all who are enti-
tled to the benefits of the act will have received
their warrants.
The Secretary of the Interior has suggested in
his report various amendments of the laws relating
to pensions and bounty lands, for the purpose of
more*effectually guarding against abuses and frauds
on the Government: to all of which I invite ypur
particular attention.
The large accessions to our Indian population
consequent upon the acquisition of New Mexico
attd;Oalifornia, and the extension of our settle-
ments into Utah and Oregon, have given increased
interest and importance to our relations with the
aboriginal race.
No material change has taken place within the
last year in the condition and prospects of the In-
dian tribes who reside in the Northwestern Terri-
tory and west of the Mississippi river. We are
at peace with all of them; and it will be a source
of pleasure to you to learn that they are gradually
advancing in civilization and the pursuits of social
life.
Along the Mexican frontier, and in California
and Oregon, there have been occasional manifest-
ations of unfriendly feeling, and some depredations
committed. I am satisfied, however, that they
resulted more from the destitute and starving con-
dition of the Indians than from any settled hostil-
ity toward the whites. As the settlements of our
citizens progress towards them, the game upon
which they mainly rely for subsistence is driven
off or destroyed, and the only alternative left to
them is starvation or plunder. It becomes us to
consider, in view of this condition of things,
whether justice and humanity, as well as an en-
lightened econoihy, do not require that, instead of
seeking to punish them for offences which are the
result of our own policy towards them, we should
not provide for their immediate wants, and en-
courage them to engage in agriculture, and to rely
on their labor, instead of the chase, for the means
of support.
Various important treaties have been negotiated
with different tribes during the year, by which
their title to large and valuable tracts of country
has been extinguished: all of which will, at the
proper time, be submitted to the Senate for ratifi-
cation.
The joint commission under the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo has been actively engaged in run-
ning and marking the boundary line between the
United States and Mexico. It was stated in the
last annual report of the Secretary of* the Interior
that the initial point on the Pacific arid the point
of junction of the Gila with the Colorada river
had been determined, and the intervening line,
about one hundred and fifty miles in length, run
and marked'by temporary monument. Since that
time a monument of marble has been erected at
the initial point, and permanent landmarks of iron
have been placed at suitable distances along the
line.
The initial point on the Rio Grande has also
been fixed by the commissioners at latitude 32°
22', and at the date of the last communication the
survey of the line had been made thence west-
ward about one hundred and fifty miles, to the
neighborhood of the copper mines.
The commission on our part was at first organ-
ized on a scale which experience proved to be^ un-
wieldy and attended with unnecessary expense.
Orders have, therefore, been issued for the reduc-
tion of the number of persons employed within
the smallest limits consistent with the safety of
those engaged in the service and the prompt and
efficient execution of their important duties.
Returns have been received from all the officers
engaged in taking the census in the States and
Territories, except California. The superintend-
ent employed to make the enumeration in that
State has not yet made his full report, from causes,
as he alleges, beyond his control. This failure is
much to be-r"egre!ted?-as~it has-prevented the Sec-
retary of the Interior from making the decennial
apportionment of representatives among the States,
as required by the act approved May 23, 3850. It
is hoped, however, the returns will soon be re-
ceived, and no time will then be lost in making
the necessary apportionment, and in transmitting
the certificates required by law.
The Superintendent of the Seventh Census is
diligently employed, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, in classifying and ar-
ranging, in tabular form, all the statistical inform-
ation derived from the returns of the marshals,
and it is believed that when the work shall be
completed it will exhibit a more perfect view of
the population, wealth, occupations, and social
