1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
which furnishes one half of the pioducts which
you export; and all that is asked for that purpose
is an appropriation of $100,000. Who does not
see that the whole country would be benefited
much more than that? I have no doubt, sir, that
what was said by the Senator from Louisiana in
regard to it would be realized in less than a year—
that the mail matter alone would more than pay
the expense, independently of the increased facili-
ties which would thereby be given to commerce.
Is New Orleans, then, the only place which is to
be benefited? Not at all. The people of that
city would be benefited but very little compara-
tively with the benefit which will accrue to the
country at large. Mexico will consume the manu-
factures of the Northern and Eastern portions of
the country, and give us their silver in return.
Who, then, is to be chiefly benefited ? I know
very well that it is said that particular localities in
one section of the country can procure accommo-
dations for the transportation of the mails, and
other commercial advantages, which other por-
tions of the country cannot obtain. And in view
of that, I shall regard the vote on this bill as
giving me an insight as to whether it is the disposi-
tion of Congress to encourage those most who are
in circumstances of the greatest prosperity and
leave the rest to contend with their difficulties. I
hold, sir, that the benefits of the Government
should be extended over the whole country, and
not confined to any particular spot. Sir, I repeat
again, that New Orleans furnishes about one half
of your exports; and where have you a dollar of
the money of this country invested to encouiage
that commerce which brings you the means that
enables you to meet the balance of trade against
you with other countries? It seems to me that
there can be no question of the propriety of the
adoption of this measure.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think the Senator from
Texas quite understands the view which I have
of this question. In the first place, I believe the
honorable member himself will hardly question
that there may be other suitable means for the
transportation of the mail besides in a war-steamer.
He will hardly question that other and suitable
means of transportation may be obtained in this
country, answering all the purposes for the trans-
portation of passengers and the mail that can be
had in a war-steamer. 1 think we have some ex-
perience on that point, enough to justify the con-
clusion that it may be done. Far be it from me
to desire that the Post Office establishment should
place the mail in an unsuitable vessel; unsuitable
m any respect, in dimensions, tonnage, strength,
or in any other particular. I should wish that if
the Department is clothed with the power to make
a contract, they may be vested with authority to
look into all the matters connected with the sub-
ject, and that they should make a contract with
no one unless he should furnish a suitable and
safe means for the transportation of the mail.
Nov have I any unfriendly feeling toward tins
bill. It is a new idea to nie, that the transporta-
tion of the mail is a sectional question, l had
supposed that New York had as much occasion
to send letters to Vera Cruz as New Orleans, and
that other places of trade and business in the
country have as much interest in the establish-
ment of a mail line between the ports of this coun-
try and the ports of other countries as New Orleans,
or any other section of the country; and it would
be rather extraordinary where these interests exist
so extensively as they do in the portion of the
country that 1 represent, if there should be any
hostility shown to this line because the track lies
through a certain section of the country. Sir, 1
repudiate all such thoughts on this subject. The
mail is fo) the whole country; it is for the common
benefit of all. It was for that reason that I have
heretofore gi\en my support to this measure, and
I shall now give it for the same reason. I have
felr no disposition to make any objection, and I
only rise to make a single suggestion; I was in-
fluenced to make that foY the reason which I have
given, and I think my friend from Texas [Mr.
Rusk] will agree^with me after all. He does not
wish any impediment thrown in the way of car-
rying this line into execution. I entertain the
same opinion. I was forcibly impressed with that
provision in the bill which requires the vessels
to be made suitable for war purposes; because I
think that by that, you throw an impediment
in the way. The very terms employed to de-
scribe the vessel, imply that some extraordinary !-
expense is to be laid out upon these vessels, and i
that, therefore, the expenses of the Government I'
will be increased, and made greater than they jj
otherwise need be. That is an impediment. r
Then, how is it to be known that a vessel is
suitable for a war-steamer? I will tell you how.
In the case of all the lines for which you have legis-
lated, you have reserved the right of placing over
the builder a superintendent, an agent, to look
into the manner in which the vessel is constructed,
in behalf of the Government, to see that they are
built in a manner satisfactory to the Government,
as war-vessels.
Now, 1 apprehend this scheme contemplates no
such thing as that, it does not propose to say of
what particular construction the vessel shall be.
The satisfaction which the Government require.*?
is to be obtained in some other way. The De-
partment is to be satisfied that it is a war-vessel.
I think, as I said, that the honorable Senatoisfroni
Texas and from Louisiana will be satisfied that
this provision is an obstruction to the bill. I will
not move to strike it out. But I think it is an ob-
stacle to the carrying out of the contract; and that
it would be better for him, and for all concerned,
to strike it out.
Mr. SOULE. I am quite willing to strike out
that part of the bill which requires the vessel to be
suitable to war purposes; but I must insist on the
tonnage, for unless the tonnage be specified by the
bill, we shall have no security that the vessel will
possess those accommodations which are needed,
or afford the requisite confidence in its safety.
Mr. DAY1S. It is no part of my purpose. If
the Senator from Louisiana thought it worth his
while to persist in this, I did not mean to uigeits
being striken out. I think, however, that the in-
terest of his bill requires that it should be done; ji
and, with these remarks, I will merely observe, |;
that it is a matter for his consideration. Jj
Mr. BORLAND. I agree with the Senator jl
from Louisiana [Mr. Soujle] in all he has said j
of the moral and commercial advantages to be jj
derived from such a communication as this bill |f
proposes to establish. And I apprehend there is jj
no difference of opinion in the minds of Senators ,i
m that regard. But niy objection to the bill hes \\
mainly to the system of making by Congress, or i;
under the immediate direction of Congress, con- [;
tracts with individuals for the performance of any jj
portion of the public service. There lies the jj
foundation of my objection. jj
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator understands i:
that this contract is to be made like any other j!
mail contract. j:
Mr. BORLAND. As it is proposed to be
amended, such is the case; but as the bill stands, j]
it is not. The amendment pioposed by the Sena-
tor from Alabama [Mr. Clemens] is, to throw)''
the service open to competition, that the contract \\
may he made in the usual manner, not as a con- ji
tract by Congress, or under the immediate direc- ji
tion of Congress, specifying the individual with ;;
whom it shall be made, and all the conditions re- ;j
specting it, but leaving the subject to the manage- j
ment under the general law and regulations of the j|
Post Office Department, so that the Department i
may advertise for contracts, and enter into them,
as it now does with all our interior mails through- i
out the country. The bill, if thus amended, will jj
mec-t my views and receive my vote. But if it I
remain "in its present form, all, or almost all, of j!
the evils I find in the system of ocean mails, oi ;f
which it must be regardf\l as a part, will require
me to vote against it. ;
Mr. President, before the system of ocean mail ,
steamers, of which we have now had some expe- ,
nence, was begun, great advantages, great bene- ;
fits, great superiority over all other plans, were pre-
dieted of it, and promised for it. Sir, I was not
able, in advance, to see that these promises would
be realized. I did not then believe they would be. ;
The result, after several years experience and >
observation, has not removed my doubts has not \
changed my belief. But I have seen, mainly, wliat^
I expected, and that is, large expenditures of
money by the Government for the benefit of null-
viduals, and associations of individuals, who have j
been favored with a monopoly of the contracts,
and a bonus to take them, without even the chance j
of that benefit to the Government in the way of j.
saving money which might have been derived from j
competition. And have these mails been carried i,
any better, more expeditiously, or more regularly
than it is fair to suppose they would have been
under contracts let out and entered into in the
usual way? Look, sir, at our mail system upon
the land, and upon our inland waters. Ail-the
sendee under that system is performed by con-
tract, entered into after regular periodical adver-
tisement, and open to unrestricted competition.
Engaging in that competition we find almost num-
berless individuals, competent to an efficient per-
formance of the undertaking, and prepared with
ample security for their fidelity. To the Jowest
and best bidders these contracts areawarded. And
we find that the service thus undertaken, (where-
ever the supervising authority exercises due vigi-
lance,) is well performed; and that too, although
under the influence of this free competition, the
prices paid for the service grows less and Jess in
amount every succeeding year. I apprehend, in-
deed I am sure, that an inspection of the bids of
every annual lettingof the mail service, will show
that the prices paid are reduced every year. And
there is a reason for it. The establishment of a
regular and well-conducted mail line is a source
of profit to the contractor, not to the amount of
the compensation from the Government alone,
but also from travel, if on the land, and from both
travel and freight, if on the water. Multiplying
his sources of profit, he is enabled, and an enlight-
ened self-interest induces him, to reduce the rate
of charging from each. In this way, while the
increase of travel and transportation of freight is
almost incalculable upon a well-conducted mail
line, we find the reduction in the rate of bids for
mail contracts both certain and decided every
year. Why, then, shall we not have the advan-
tages, on the score of economy, in our system of
mail service upon the sea, as well as upon the land
and our rivers? Sir, I repeat, I have been, and am,
unable to see the advantages of this system over
the other I have described. lam in favor of ad-
hering to the one that works well at home, (or
would, with some slight modifications of detail,)
unless those who advocate a different one for our
foreign mail service can show its superiority.
This they have not yet done. Until they do, I
shall vote against it, m whatever bill it may come
up.
The considerations presented by the Senator
from Louisiana, in favor of this line of communi-
cation, commend themselves to my favor most
strongly, not only from the general advantages in
a commercial point of view to the whole country,
but his remarks appealed, and with little force, to
that sectional feeling from which no man is en-
tirely free, and of which I, perhaps, have as much
as any one. He pointed out the advantages which
would accrue from it directly to the Southern por-
tion of this Confederacy, of which lam one of the
representatives. I know but too well, and have
cause to feel but too strongly, how well-founded is
all he said oo that subject; and, also, of all the
Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] said of the ine-
quality, so far, of the operation of this system.
But, sir, the fault is in the system itself. Such a
system must necessarily be unequal in its opera-
tion; and in that lies the main point and force of
my objection to this bill; for there is no disguising
the fact, that it is a part, essentially, as it will
certainly be in practical operation, of the system
I oppose.
Senators express great solicitude for the protec-
tion of the lives of passengers on these ocean
steamers that carry our mails, anu think it neces-
sary to adopt such a system as this, in which the
size and kind of vessels shall be prescribed as
indispensable to great and desirable objects. The
sentiment is a good one: it commends itself alike,
and with equal"force, to our feelings and to oik in-
terest. But, sir, why should their eyes, and their
sympathies, and their solicitude, all be turned in
one direction, and all towards the ocean? Are not
the millions of our people who travel by steam,
and along our mail lines, upon our great rivers,
and screat lakes, equally deserving of sympathy,
and solicitude, and the protecting care of this Gov-
ernment,when it er>a;-\2:es m legislation, and heavy
appropriations of moi^y for the protection of
human life5 Sir, I join them in the sentiments of
sympathy and solicitude, on.this subject, theyso
strongly 'manifest; hut if they expect me to give
them ""material aid" in its practical manifestation,
they must join me, also, in extending it to my
people, as well as their own, by a system of legis-
