1851.
THE - COMGBESSIONAL GtOBE.
condition of a great country than, has ever been
presented, to the -world. The value of such a
work, as the basis of enlightened legislation, can
hardly be overestimated; and I earnestly hope that
Congress will lose no time in making the appro-
priations necessary to complete the classifications,
and to publish the.results in a style worthy of the
subject and of our national character.
■The want of a uniform fee bill, prescribing the
compensation to be allowed district attorneys,
clSrks, marshals, and commissioners in civil and
criminal cases, is the cause of much vexation, in-
justice, and complaint. I would recommend a
thorough revision of the laws on the whole subject,
•and the adoption of a tariff of fees which, as far as
practicable, should be uniform, and prescribe a
specific compensation for every service which the
officer mny be required to perform. This subject
will be fully presented in the report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior?
In my last annual message I gave briefly my
reasons for believing that you possessed the con-
stitutional power to improve the harbors of our
great lakes and sea-coast, and the navigation of our
principal rivers, and recommended that appropria-
tions should be made for completing such works
as had already been commenced, and for com-
mencing such others as might seem to the wisdom
of Cottgressto be of public and general importance.
Without repeating the reasons then urged, I deem
it my duty again to call your attention to thisim-
portant subject. The works on many of the har-
bors were left in an unfinished state, and, conse-
quently, exposed to the action of the elements,
which is fast destroying them. Great numbers of
lives and vast amounts of property are annually
iost for want of safe and convenient harbors on the
Jakes. None but those who have been exposed
to that dangerous navigation can fully appreciate
the importance of this subject. The whole North-
west appeals to you for relief, and I trust their
appeal will receive due consideration at your
hands.
The same is in a measure true in regard to some
of the harbors and inlets ori the sea-coast.
The unobstructed navigation of our large rivers
is of equal importance. Our settlements are now
extending to the sources of the great rivers which
empty into, and form a part of the Mississippi,
and the value of the public lands in those regions
would be greatly enhanced by freeing the naviga-
tion of those waters from obstructions. In view,
therefore, of this great interest, I deem it my duty
again to urge upon Congress to make such appro-
priations foi these improvements as they may
deem necessary.
The survey of the Delta of the Mississippi, with
a view to the prevention of the overflows that have
proved so disastrous to that region of country,
Slave been nearly completed, and the reports thereof
are now in course of preparation, and will shortly
be laid before you.
The protection of our southwestern frontier, and
of the adjacent Mexican States, against the Indian
tribes within our border, has claimed my earnest
and constant attention. Congress having failed,
at the last session, to adopt my recommendation
that an additional regiment of mounted men spe-
cially adapted to that service should be raised, all
that remained to be done was to make the best
use of the means at my disposal. Accordingly,
all the troops adapted "to that service that could
properly be spared from other quarters have been
concentrated on that frontier, and officers of high
reputation selected to command them. A new
arrangement of the military posts has also been
made, whereby the troops are brought nearer to
the Mexican frontier ana to the tribes they are in-
tended to overawe.
Sufficient time has not yet elapsed to realize all
the benefits that are expected to result from these
arrangements, but I have every reason to hope
that they will effectually check their marauding
expeditions. The nature of the country, which
furnishes little for the support of an army, and
abounds ill places of refuge and concealment, is
remarkably well "adapted to this predatory war-
fare; and we can scarcely hope that any military
force, combined with the greatest vigilance, can
entirely suppress it.
By the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo we are
bound to protect the territory of Mexico against
the' incursions of the savage tribes within our
border " with equal diligence and energy" as if
the same were made within our territory or against
our citizens. I have endeavored to comply, as
far as possible, with this provision of the treaty.
Orders have been given to the officers command-
ing on that frontier to consider the Mexican terri-
tory and its inhabitants as equally with our own
entitled to their protection; and to make all their
p'ans and arrangements with a view to the attain-
ment of this object. Instructions have also been
given to the Indian commissioners and agents
among these tribes, in all treaties, to make the
clauses designed for the protection of our own
citizens apply also to those qf Mexico. I have
no reason to doubt that these instructions have
been fully carried into effect. Nevertheless, it is
probable that, in spite of all our efforts, some of
the neighboring States of Mexico may have suf-
fered, as our own have, from depredations by the
Indians.
To the difficulties of defending our own terri-
tory, as above mentioned, are superadded, in de- 
fending that of Mexico, those that arise from its
remoteness, from the fact that we have no right to
station our troops within her limits, and that there
is no efficient military force on the Mexican side
to cooperate with our own. So long as this shall
continue to be the case, the number and activity of
our troops will rather increase -than diminish the
evil, as the Indians will naturally turn towards
that country where they encounter the least re-
sistance. Yet. these troops are necessary to sub-
due them, and to compel them to make and ob-
serve treaties. Until this shall have been done,
neither country will enjoy any security from their
attacks.
The Indians in California, who had previously
appeared of a peaceable character, and disposed
t  cultivate the friendship of the whites, have re-
cently committed several acts of hostility. As a
large portion of the reinforcements sent to the
Mexican frontier were drawn from the Pacific,,
the military force now stationed there is consid-
ered entirely inadequate to its defence. It cannot
be increased, however, without an increase of the
Army; and I again recommend that measure as
indispensable to the protection of the frontier.
I invite your attention to the suggestions on this
subject, and on others connected with his Depart-
ment, in the report of the Secretary of War.
The appropriations for the support of the Army
during the current fiscal year ending 30th June
next, were reduced far below the estimate submit-
ted by the Department. The consequence of this
reduction is a considerable deficiency, to which I
invite your early attention.
The expenditures of that Department, for the
year ending 30th June last, were $9,060,268 58.
The estimates for the year commencing 1st July
next and ending June 30,1853, are $7,898,775 83;
showing a reduction of $1,161,492 75.
The Board of Commissioners, to whom the
management of the affairs of the Military Asylum
created by the act of 3d March last was intrusted,
have selected a site for the establishment of an
asylum in the vicinity of this city, which has
been approved by me, subject to the production
of a satisfactory title.
The report o'f the Secretary of the Navy will
exhibit the condition of the public service under
the suoervision of that Department. Our naval
force afloat during the present year has been
actively and usefully employed in givins protec-
tion to our widely-extended and increasing com-
merce and interests in the various quarters of the
globe, and our flag has everywhere afforded the
security and received the respect inspired by the
justice and liberality of our intercourse, and the
dignity and power of the nation.
The expedition commanded by Lieutenant De
Haven, dispatched in search of the British com-
mander, Sir John Franklin, and his companions
in the Arctic Seas, returned to New York in the
month of October, after having undergone grsat
peril and suffering from an unknown and dangerous
navigation and the rigors of a northern climate,
without any satisfactory information of the objects
of their search, but with new contributions to
science and navigation from the unfrequented
polar regions. The officers and men of the expe-
dition, having been all volunteers for this service,
and having so conducted it as to meet the entire
approbation of the Government, it is suggested,
as an act of grace and generosity, that the same
allowances of extra pay and emoluments be ex-
tended to them that were made to the officers anil
men of like rating in the late Exploring Expedition
to the South Sea's. ' .
I earnestly recommend to ydur attention the
necessity of reorganizing the naval establishment,
apportioning and fixing the number of officers 'in
each grade, providing some mode of promotion to
the higher grades of the Navy, having reference to
merit and capacity, rather than seniority or {late
of entry into the service, and" for retiring from the
effective list upon reduced pay those who may -Be
incompetent to the performance of active <3uty.
As a measure of economy, as well as of efficiency
in this arm of the service, the provision last men-
tioned is eminently worthy of your consitJera>
tion.
The determination of the questions of relative
rank between the sea officers and civil officers of
the Navy, and between officers of the Army and
Navy, in the various grades of each, will also
merit your attention. The failure to provide any
substitute, when corporal punishment was abol-
ished for offences in the Navy, has occasioned the
convening of numerous courts-martial upon the
arrival of vessels in port, and is believed to have
had an injurious effect upon the discipline and effi-
ciency of the service. To moderate punishment
from one grade to another is among the humane
reforms of the age; but to abolish one of severity,
which applied so generally to offences on ship-
board, and provide nothing in its stead, is to sup-
pose a progress of improvement in every individual
among seamen which is not assumed by the legis-
lature in respect to any other class of men. It is
hoped that Congress, in the ample opportunity
afforded by the present session,apill thoroughly
investigate this important subject, and establish
such modes of determining guilt, and such grada-
tions of punishment, as are"consistent with human-
ity and the personal rights of individuals, &nd at
the same time shall insure the most energetic and
efficient performance of duty and the suppression
of crime in our ships of war.
The stone dock in the navy-yard at New York,
which was ten years in process of construction,
has been so far finished as to be surrendered up to
the authorities of the yard. The dry-dock at
Philadelphia is reported as completed, and is ex-
pected soon to be tested and delivered over to the
egents of the Government. That atPortsmouth, .
New Hampshire, is also nearly ready for delivery;
and a contract has been concluded, agreeably to the
act of Congress at its last session, for a floating
section dock on the bay of San Francisco.. I in-
vite your attention to the recommendation of the
Department touching the establishment of a navy-
vara in conjunction with this dock on the Pacific.
Such a station is highly necessary to the conveni-
ence and effectiveness of our fleet m that ocean,
which must be expected to increase with the growth
of commerce and the rapid extension of our whale
fisheries over its waters.
The "Naval Academy at Annapolis, under a re-
vised and improved system of regulations, now
affords opportunities of education and instruction
to the pupils quite equal, it is believed, for pro-
fessional improvement, to those enjoyed by the
cadets in the Military Academy. A large class
of acting midshipmen was received at the com-
mencement of the last academic term, and a piac-
tice-ship has been attached to the institution* to
afford the amplest meons for regular instruction
in seamanship, as well as for cruises during the
vacations of three or four months in each year.
The advantages of science m nautical aftairs
have rarely been more strikingly illustrated than
in the fact stated in the report of the N avy De-
partment, that, by-means of the wind and current
charts, projected and prepared by Lieutenant
Maury, the Superintendent of the Naval Ooserya-
tory, the passage from the Atlantic to tne Pacific
ports of our country has been shortened by about
forty days.
The estimates for the support of the Navy apd
Marine Corps the ensuing fiscal year will be found
to be $5,856,472 19, the estimates for the current
year being $5,900,621.
The estimates for special objects under theconr
trol of this Department amount to 02,684,220 89,
against $2,210,980 for the presem year, the in-
crease belie- occasioned by the additional mail ser-
vice on the Pacific coast and the construction of
the dock in California, authorized at the last ses-
sion of Congress, and some slight additions natter
