m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
lation which shall be general in its principles,
and equal in its operation, over all.
Now, sir, as to the importance of the proposed
line, of "Which the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
SoulE) has,so well spoken, and in respect to which
I so fully agree with him, I undertaken say,and
no one can successfully controvert, that the line
of mail communication along the Mississippi valley
is far more important, I care not in what relation
you estimate it—whether in length of route, in
amount of travel, or in value of commerce. In-
deed, in all these respects, the importance and in-
terest of the great valley, very far exceed our
whole Atlantic commerce. But on the Atlantic,
for fewer people, and for a smaller commerce, we
are expending millions, by a system of monopo-
lies, from which wealthy capitalists are deriving
the chief benefit; while on the greatest of rivers,
greater for us even" than the ocean, for more people,
and greater commerce, we are giving no care, no
attention, no protection, no facilities, and scarcely
a recognition, m the matter of either mails, or
commerce, or navigation. Through this whole
valley—at any rate, from Louisville, on the Ohio,
and from St. Louis, on the Mississippi, to New
Orleans, there is not a single mail line—not one—
not even by the ordinary system of contract. Both
those streams, wherever navigable, are, by the
general law, " mail routes;" but, from Louisville,
and St/ Louis, downwards, to the ocean, there is.
not a single " mail line"—no, sir, not one! This
may strike some Senators with surprise, for, in-
deed , it is a surprising state of things; but it is true.
Instead of giving us a " line, "as other parts of the
country have,thetransportation of ourroails,along
that great thoroughfare, upwards and downwards,
over thousands of miles, is made a weekly, or a
daily jobbing out by agents at the seveial towns
along the river, and on boats of any kind that
may chance to offer. Such is the system with
winch we are put off, and have been forced to put
up with for years; a system, or rather a want of
system, from which no sensible man could expect
anything better than irregularity and disappoint-
ments, and which proves even worse in its results
than the least sanguine could have anticipated. In
consequence of this wretched state of things, we
have complaints from all quai ters of the "YV est, for
all are interested in the business of the great thor-
oughfare, and all are aggrieved at its embarrass-
ment. On our tables, now, are the resolutions of
the Legislature of Tennessee, pointing out the
evils under which we all suffer, protesting against
their continuance, and asking for that relief which
it is our duty to grant. And what, sir, is the kind
and amount of relief thus asked for? Not that
we shall engage m any new system of legislation
—not that we shall make any special Congres-
sional contracts—not that we shall build up any
ricl; monopolies—nor that we should prescribe the
size or kind of vessels in which our mails may be
can ied, or engage to pay extravagant specific sums
of money for the service. No, sir, none of this.
The request is simply that you will place us on
the same footing with other interior sections of the
country, under "the general law, for transportation
of the mails, upon every other route of even ten
miles length, whether 011 horseback, in stage-
coaches, by railroads, or on steam-boats. Is not
this request a proper arid a reasonable one? Then,
why should it be disregarded—why not complied
with' Sir, wheal first came here as a Senator,
now four years ago, among the first matters of
duty which claimed my attention, was the very
Kutiject of which I am speaking. I had not only
heard, but I knew and felt, from personal observa-
tion arid experience, all about the evils of irregular
and insufficient mails m the Mississippi valley,
the very root of which was this want of a "line"
upon the Mississippi. Looking to the general
law, I found that it was competent for the Post-
master General to extend to us all the relief
we required, by simply advertising and lcttni"
the service out to the lowest and best bidder, {
called upon him, and insisted that this should
be done. But what was the result? Sir, my
single voice, though it fairly represented the
rights and necessities of five hundred millions of
commerce, m these respects, and faithfully ex-
pressed the wishes of eight millions of American
citizens, was disregarded—the request was refused.
And upon what giound do you suppose, sir?
Not that it was unreasonable—not that the evils
complained of did not exist, and ought to bo
remedied. No, sir, none of that. But because
the service required would cost one hundred thou-
sand dollars! that having been the year before the !
lowest bid, when proposals for a contract had
been advertised for. A vast sum, truly! for carry-
ing the largest mail in the United States daily
through the most important region of our whole
country, and over a route at least fifteen hundred
miles in length! To my repeated appeal, he re-
sponded that the revenue of the Department from
the mails on the proposed route did not equal in
amount the sum demanded for the proposed change
of service. This I explained by facts—well-ascer-
tained by competent persons, merchants, traders,
and postmasters on the route—which were all in
favor of the change. These facts were, that under
the plan then and still pursued, the transportation
of the mails were so irregular and uncertain, and
often so slow, that private conveyances were in
most instances resorted to, and, in consequence,
not more than one tenth part of the mailable matter
that passed up and down the route, was carried in
the mails. Let the plan be butchanged, however,
as I proposed; let a regular line be established,
and the mails be regularly and expeditiously car-
ried, and all this would cease; the mailable matter
would seek its proper channel, and the fegithnate
revenue of the Department from that source would
be increased in a corresponding ratio. Besides
this, I represented, what every one knows to be
true, that the facilitiesfor travel, and the transpor-
tation of light freight, which a regular and expe-
ditious line of steamers, such as a mail contract
(properly enforced) would require, would make
the enterprise exceedingly profitable to the con-
tractor, as a general business transaction, independ-
ent of the mail; and that, as a consequence, com-
petition would become active, and that, although
the first contract might be at a high price—even
as high as a hundred thousand dollars—yet the bids
at the next lettings would very certainly be reduced
to a much lower sum, probably to one half—per-
haps to one third, or even one fourth of the first.
But, sir, this was all in vain. The refusal was
persisted in. The head of the rostOfiice Depart-
ment at that time, from considerations of an econ-
omy not, I fear, peculiarly his own, (and which
may be not unaptly characterized as "penny wise
and pound foolish,") and of a fear expressed by
him at the time, that he might seem to be extrav-
agant, was proof against all facts, and insensible
to all appeals. Then, sir, finding the Execu-
tive branch of the Government impracticable, or
rather incorrigible, although under the law, fully
competent to extend the relief so needed, and
desned, and admitted by himself to be so, I
brought the subject before this body. I proposed
here that the Postmaster General should be re-
quired to do what was so obviously proper, and
what he expressed himself very willing- to do} if
Congress wuuld take the responsibility of or-
dering it—that is, to advertise for a contract to
carry the mail upon the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers upon the same plan then, and now, in oper-
ation everywhere else in the Union. But, sir, I
was equally unsuccessful here. Hardly a vote
could I get, m addition to my own, for a propo-
sition against which no man can make a reason-
able, or even a plausible objection. Then, as now,
sir, no objection was urged to the proposition it-
self—no one questioned its justice or propriety.
Some said leave it with the Postmaster General,
it is his province and his duty. Others said, as I
am told to-day, this is not the right time, nor the
right bill 011 which to pass it. Sir, I have heard
this so often that I should despair of ever finding
either the right time, or the right place, if it were
in my nature to dispair of success when I know
and feel that I have truth and justice with me.
But, sir, at the very tune the Senate was reject-
ing this measure, hundreds of thousands were
voted away, almost without question, for an ocean
mail line from a single Atlantic port to some point
in Europe. Mr. President, why was this? Why
is it now? An answer—a stirring, and a startling
answer may, at no distant day, be given, even
upon this floor, from other lips than mine, whose
words will be more regarded, from hps which shall
be moved by a power, coming up from a distance,
which even tins Senate will not be able to resist.
In the meantime, let it be said here, and let it go
beyond the country, that while the whole Mis-
sissippi valley, with its twenty thousand miles of
river coast, its thousand steam-boats, its five hun-
dred millions of commerce, and its eight millions
of people, asks a single mail line, which is indis-
pensable to its ordinary business, which will not
cost $100,000, and which will more than pay back
the money directly in revenue, and asks in vain:
yet a single port on the Atlantic coast has but to
ask for millions, and they are granted for the ask-
ing!
Mr. President, Senators make an appeal in be-
half of the line this bill proposes to establish,
upon the ground of equalizing the operation of the
system of ocean mail-steamers. They say that
the system, so far, operated uneqttafiy upon dif-
ferent sections of the Union; and this proposition
is to make it equal. Sir, I know it operates un-
equally, and that is a main ground of my opposi-
tion to it. But when they talk of equalizing its
operation, I think it would be well for them to
extend their observations and regards somewhat
more widely and generally over the country. I
am as tired as they can be of the partial and
unequal operation of this system; and for this
reason, in ail its bearings, I wilt give no vote here
which shall contribute, in any degree, to its con-
tinuance. No vote of mine shall be given which
shall not help to its discontinuance; which shall
not insist that all parts of the country, whether
near to this capital, or remote from it; whether
on the Atlantic coast, or on our " inland seas,"
shall be placed upon an equal footing in the eye of
the law, and be equally cared and respected under
its operation. Now, sir, to accomplish an object
which all of us must acknowledge to be just, and
proper, and necessary, is no difficult task in the
important matter of our mails. It is to adopt one
uniform rule, such as we find already in operation
by our general law and regulations for the post
office system, which, with some slight modifica-
tions in matters of detail, mostly of administra-
tion, is, perhaps, as good as we shall be able to
adopt m this generation. It is to require the Post-
master General to place all routes which Congress
shall have established, upon the same footing, and
in procuring mail-service upon them, to advertise
for contracts,, to be given to the lowest and best
bidders, with ample security for a faithful per-
formance of duty. Let these contracts be made
at stated periods, and under an open and unre-
stricted competition. -
Senators seem to think that in this instance, as
in other cases, of ocean mail steamers, it is im-
portant that we shall prescribe the size and char-
acter of the vessel. Why, sir, should this be re-
quired in respect to ocean mails, and not in respect
to the means of transporting our land and river
mails in the interior of the country? know
that in former years this requirement was made
in regard to all our mail transportation, whether
on land or water. But this has all been aban-
doned—doubtless for good and sufficient reasons—
at any rate abandoned in regard to all interior
mails; and now, the advertisements call for pro-
posals to carry the mails, and are silent as to the
means of transportation. Without pausing here
to inquire into the propriety of this change, I
would, however, ask if there be not an equal ne-
cessity and propriety in making this prescription,
as to capacity and the kind of means of trans-
portation , for our river and land mails, as for those
011 the ocean ? Why not? If the convenience and
safety of one portion of the people of the Union
demand this prescription at our hands in one case,
I hold that its advantages should be extended to
all. If not required for all, I cannot understand
the propriety, and do not recognize the duty, to
give it to any, as a special favor, by special pro-
vision.
I think the whole system, which recognizes in-
equality and discrimination between different sec-
tions of the country, and different portions of our
people, as this does, is essentially vicious, and
ought to be repudiated and rejected in our legisla-
tion, no matter in what form it may present itself.
I am against it in all shapes and all times, now
and forever. I am for the amendment, but against
the bill.
Mr. President, I did not expect this question
would come up to-day, and, therefore, came here
unprepared to discuss it. Sprung upon me as
it nas been, I could not avoid an expression of
my views in opposition to it; though, for want of
preparation, I have had to confine myself within
narrow hunts, and state very briefly and in gen-
eral terms the reasons of my opposition. I regret
