1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
this, on my own account, as I have some facts
and views growing out of them in regard to the
working of this system of mail steamers, which
I would have been pleased to present to the Sen-
ate and to the country in a more regular and- bet-
tpr arranged course of remark. Much, therefore,
that I would have said, if I had anticipated this
discussion, must now be omitted; and I will
trouble the Senate no more at present,
Mr. UNDER WOOD. I rise for the purpose
•of obtaining information from gentlemen, if they
will be kind enough to hear my difficulties, and
solve them for me, particularly the gentleman at
the head of the Post Office Committee, [Mr.
Rusk.,] and the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Soule.] I want very much to facilitate the com-
munication from the valley of the Mississippi to
California and Oregon by water, and the mails in
that direction. I want to furnish facilities both
for travel and communication by means of corre-
spondence. These objects are very desirable to
my people and to the whole valley from which I
come. I believe a large portion of the inhabitants,
both of Oregon and California, have gone from
the Mississippi valley. It is important that they
should have ready access by means of corre-
spondence, and also by travel, with their friends at
home. I do not know (and this is what I wish
to ascertain) whether the line from New York to
Chogres, or the line from New York to the mouth
of the San Juan Nicaragua, touches at New Or-
leans at all.
Mr. RUSK. The Chagres mail line of steamers
do touch at New Orleans, but the Nicaragua line
do not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am glad to receive the
information, because I had some impression that
that was the case. Now, if this line can be ex-
fended without much expense, so as to give us
additional communication to the mouth of the San
Juan or to Chagres, it would meet my wishes, and,
I think, promote the interests of our people in a
very great degree. If, however, the expense, in
the opinion of those who have examined the sub-
ject more than I have, is too great, why, 1 will
not make any effort at all to accomplish anything
of the kind. Or, if the communication already
■existing, by means of the New York and Chagres
line, touching at New Orleans, is sufficient to meet
the wants of our people, I ask no amendment. I
should like to know how often these trips are, and
whether they are semi-monthly or monthly?
Mr. RUSH. Semi-monthly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hardly think that semi-
monthly trips are sufficient to meet the wishes of
the people of the valley of the Mississippi.
Mr. SOULE. I can satisfy the gentleman upon
one of his queries. By granting this line you will
actually create new facilities for the communication
between the Pacific and the Atlantic. There is
now in progress of construction a route through
Mexico, which is confided to the enterprising m
dustry of a gentleman who was once a citizen of
the United States, but who has now become a
citizen of the Republic of Mexico, and who ex-
pects before long to be enabled to carry mails from
San Francisco to New Orleans in less than four-
teen days. So that whatever facilities of commu-
nication we give between this country and any
port of the Republic of Mexico, will actually afford
new means of establishing speedier relations be-
tween the Pacific and the Atlantic coast. To ex-
tend this line to the places mentioned by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, would so consid-
erably increase the expenditure that it might beget
one of those insuperable difficulties which would
defeat the prospects of the bill and make its ulti-
mate passage imposible.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My object is accom-
plished.
Mr. GWIN. In addition to what the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Soule] has said, I have in-
formation upon this subject, having in my posses-
sion some facts in regard to it. I look upon this
bill as one of the greatest importance in the view
which the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Under-
wood] has taken ofit. It will cause a vast increase
of intercourse between the western country and
California, not only in carrying the mails, but in
transporting passengers. I did not expect this bill
would come up to-day, and have not before me
some facts which I would like to bring to the no-
tice of the Senate; but I have certain statements
made by persons who are conversant with the sub-
ject which demonstrates that this will be a great .
emigrating route; one of the most important we ;
can establish, over which the families of the west- !
ern emigrants will go to their new homes. The !
men crossed the plains. The women and children ;
will go by this route, to join fathers, husbands,
and brothers. A sail vessel can go from the Bahze
to Vera Cruz in three days, and a steam-ship in
two. From Vera Cruz there is arailroad through
the drift sand and swamp land to Santa Fe, over
which stages and team-wagons are carried on
trucks. Stages make the journey from Vera Cruz
to the City of Mexico, in two days. From the
city of Mexico to Gtuarnavace, (fifty-four miles,)
on the road to Acapulco, there is a daily stage line.
The road is completed for carriages fifty-four miles
further to Ponta-de-Istia, with the exception of
two unimportant bridges. The remainder of the
road to Acapulco, through the cities of Equala and
Chilpausingo, is only a mule path; but great efforts
are making by Alvarado, the present popular Gov-
ernor of the State of Guerraro, of the South, to
complete the road to the Pacific ocean. This is
what is called the southern road. There is a due
western carriage road passing through the impor-
tant city of Guadalajara, on which~a daily stage
runs to Tepjc, a distance of about eighteen leagues
from San Bias, on the Pacific ocean. And it is
expected that in a few months the road will be
opened to San Bias for stages. The distance from
Vera Cruz to the Pacific by Acapulco, is six hun-
dred miles, while the route by San Bias is twelve
hundred.
So energetic have the State authorities shown
themselves since the adoption of the new consti-
tution, that important public improvements are
every wheie resumed, and the country is compara-
tively free from robbers—so much so that unarmed
Cahfurmans travel along through thecountry with-
out apprehension and without risk.
During the Mexican war the British Minister
ran an express regularly from Vera Cruz to Maz-
atlan, in eight days, and is running the same ex- j
press now. At that rate we can get from New j
Orleans to Vera Cruz in three days; from Vera .
Cruz to Mazatlan, nine days, and from Mazatlan
to San Diego, four days; making in all from New ,
Orleans to San Diego, sixteen days. The tri-1
monthly route to be established by this bill will;
connect on the Pacific side, at Acapulco, or San !
Bias, with the tri-monthly route preparing to start '
from Panama to San Francisco, so that there will
be a constant communication three times a month,
not only to New York, but to New Orleans; and
the latter certainly will be one of the most desira-,
ble emigrating routes, as well as an important mail
route. A company has been formed to establish '
a telegraphic line from Acapulco to Vera Cruz,'
j which is encouraged and patronized by the Mexi- !
- can Government. When established, thecommu-
; nication between California and New Orleans will
! be as follows: From San Francisco to Acapulco,
. six days; telegiaph to Vera Cruz at once, and ;
: thence to New Orleans, three days, thus making
: the time of communication fromei^bt to ten days.
! Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am really very happy _
! to hear all these facts. I had not turned my at-J
j tendon to the investigation of the subject, but it
i occurred to me that the people whom i represent ,
! had a vast interest in some more direct communi-
; cation, both for travel and correspondence, than
' that now existing. It was this cmsideicition '
i which induced me to make the inquiries which I .
I have made, and which have been so satisfactorily ;
i answered by my friends from Louisiana and Call- ,
1 forma. It seems to me that we ought to adopt the
amendment, and then pass the bill. It you intend
to provide for Western inteiests—which I hope
will receive the consideration of Eastern gentle- ;
men—give us home opportunity to have soeeuy
communication with our friends on the Pacmc. 'I
I am very happy to find that this route will ]
afford greater facilities than I had supposed. ;
When I first rose, my object was to inqune from i
my friend fiom Louisiana whether additional facil- j
ities could not be obtained, by extending his route ;
either to Chagres or to the San Juan; but under j
the suggestions he has made, I am satisfied to j
take it as it is. !.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I suppose
that this may be looked upon as the commence- ,!
ment of drafts upon theTreasuryin favor of steam j
lines. Our expenditures under that head now ex- ']
ceed §1,400,000. If we grant the requests that i:
are legitimately before us, contemplated by the
committee, and favorably considered by them,  
they will in the course of a few days amount to
about $2,000,000.
I was, a short time since, opposed to this very
bill; but I understand now that the two principal
objections have been, or will be, removed. The
names of special contractors, I believe, will be
stricken out, and the whole matter will be left
open to fair competition, I also understand that
the clause with regard to war steamers will be
withdrawn. The objection to that is manifest.
Most of the contracts which we have formed.for
ocean steamers have contained this iden tical clause,
that vessels constructed under them should be ca-
pable of being used for war purposes; yet I believe
that it is notorious to every man in the country,
familiar with the subject, that there has not been
constructed one vessel in accordance with the con-
tract—that there has not yet been one vessel con-
structed which would be fit for war purposes
to-morrow, if she should be called into service;
that there is not one already constructed upon
which the country would not have to expend
$350,000 at least, Before a battery could be put on
board of her. I agree, m the main, with the re-
marks of the honorable Senators from Louisiana
and Texas, as to the expenditure of this money
in certain sections; and without wishing to com-
mit my vote m support of steam lines generally, I
may say that these two objections being with-
drawn, I feel prepared to vote for this bill.
Mr. SOULE, I agree to the amendments pro-
posed by the Senator from Alabama; and as soon
as they are acted upon, I shall myself propose
one or two other amendments.
Mr. PRATT called for a division of the ques-
tion on agreeing to the amendments.
The first amendment, to strike out the words,
"W. C. Templeton, or in his default, to such
other persons," and to insert, *' such person or
persons," was agreed to.
The next amendment, to add, after the word
" security," the wocds, <( after due public no-
tice," was agreed to.
The next amendment, to insert after the words
" United States,5' the words, " upon the best
terms for the United States," was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The bill as it was originally
proposed required that these steameis should be
suitable for war purposes, and I was v.nder the
impression that there was an amendment striking
out that provision.
The PRESIDENT. There has been no propo-
sition to strike it out.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I move to strike out
the words to war purposes," so as to leave the
bill to read, {£ the best form of construction adapted
to the navigation of the southern seas."
Mr. CHASE. 1 shall vote for the adaption of
this amendment, and after it shall have been adopt-
ed, I shall vote very cheeifully* for the bill. It
seems to me to be a measure eminently required
by the wants of the commerce of the Gulf. Other
gentlemen have said that they intend to vote for it
from sectional considerations. I shall vote for it,
because 1 desire those measures to be adopted
which will benefit every section of the country.
Mr. BORLAND. As I am the only Senator,
I believe, who suggested anything about sectional
feeling or consideration, the Senator must, of
course, allude to my remarks. I desire now to
conect the mistake into which he has evidently
fallen. I did not say that in any advocacy which
I gave this bill, I vas influenced solely by any
sectional feeling. I said that in addition to the
geneiai views presented by the Senator from Loui-
siana, one of the considerations which would in-
fluence my vote, \\ould be that sectional feeling
from which no man was entirely free.
Mr. CHASE. I referred, undoubtedly, to the
Senator from Arkansas, and also to other Sena-
tors, who assigned somewhat the same reason for
voting for this bill. I have only to say that T
think those honorable Senators themselves, on
former occasions, have shown by their liberality,
when their own sections of the country were not
concerned, that they are not governed by that con-
sideration in their own action. My friend from
Texas, in the course of his remarks, adverted to
the circumstance that the steam lines which have
been hitherto established by Congress, plied on
Northern waters, and that the benefits of such a
system accrued generally to the North. I repre-
