22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Dec. 3,
would be as well to meet'the question at once upon
the proposition to fill these blanks. I am not. pre-
pared myself, as a representative of one of the
Stales of this Union, to adopt this resolution. As
an individual, as a citizen of the TJnited States, I
am willing to show to Kossuth that respect which
my judgment and my feelings may dictate; but in
my capacity as a Senator I cannot consent to what
is here proposed. I know of no precedent in the
history of our legislation which would justify the
adoption of this resolution. I have never known
stich marked distinction shown to any distinguished1
citizen of our own country, whether a military man
oracivilian. I see nothing in the character of this
distinguished individual which should make the
Government of the United States get up a great
pageant on his account, and distinguish him from
all other men who have ever lived. Has he ever
been connected with our institutions? Has he
ever rendered any particular service to this country
to entitle him to this mark of distinction? Not at
all. It is true he is a great man, but he is not
greater than many men who now live, and who
have lived. His position is such as to call into
exercise our sympathies for him and his associates
as men. That sympathy this Government has
already shown to an extent almost unparalleled by
sending one of the national vessels to receive him
and his associates, if they were willing to come
to this country. Have we not done enough to
show our sympathies and our good feelings ? I
think we have. Against the man's character and
course I utter not a word. The American heart is
open for bis reception. It is the people who will
receive him. It is the people and not the Govern-
ment that ought to receive him. Lafayette, when
lie came to this country, was received 111 a manner
which was justifiable on the part of the Govern-
ment of that day, because he was connected with
the Revolution which gave us the liberties which
we enjoy.
But. sir, I did not intend to discuss this ques-
tion. j do not, however, wish the Senate or the
eoun try to understand that my sympathies towards
I Kossuth are not as strong as the sympathies of the
I Senator from Mississippi. 1 only object to the
J manner in which it is proposed to receive him.
i Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the Senator
from Georgia, that he withdraw all opposition to
this resolution in its present stage, and let it be
amended to suit its friends; as I believe the most
usual course is to allow the friends of a measure
first to perfect it before a discussion ensues on its
merits. After the amendments proposed by the
Senator from Mississippi shall have been adopted
or rejected, I have an amendment which I propose
to offer, and which I hope will meet the concur-
rence of the Senate, and which may possibly make
the resolution more acceptable to the Senator from
close of the resolution these words:
"Andal«o to a^Miro linn and Ins associates m evile of
the sympathy of Hie Congress and people of the United
Stater- with the victims of oppression everywhere, and that
their earnest done 1* that the time mav speedily arrive
when the of man shall be universally recognized and
respected by every people and Government of the woild."
If tin-* be added to the resolution, I think it will
obviate the objection of the Senator from Georgia;
because then, instead of being personal to Kos-
suth, ii would apply to the victims of oppression
evoiywheie, without ony distinction.
Mr. FOOTK, of Mississippi. I shall not at-
tempt nt the present time to discuss this resolution
at!a:ve; but I for* 1 bound to express the deep grief
and the profound surprise which 1 must necessa-
rily feel at such opposition arising in such a quar-
ter. The Senator from Georgia says that such i
honors as are proposed to be rendered by this reso- i
lution have never been heretofore rendered to any
distinguished foreigner, excepting Lafayette. That,]
is probably true; but whether true or not, it seems ,
to me to be a matter of the utmost unimportance. !
The gentleman says, by way of assigning a rea- j
son for his course on this occasion, that he sees !
nothing that distinguishes this individual from '
many other illustrious persons connected with the i
affairs of nations. In that respect I differ from
him very much, and I have the very signal advan-
tage of being sustained by the uniied public senti-
ment of the civilized world.
1 did not expect that any intelligent member of
this body would undertake to say, in view of the
striking facts now presented in all parts of the
civilized world—in view of that universal outbreak
of sympathy, of respect, of profound admiration,
and deep gratitude almost universally presented
throughout Christendom towards this individual—
that he could see no difference between him and
many others. There has beenbut one Washington,
and there is but one Kossuth. And so the whole
civilized world determines. Is the gentleman fa-
niiliar—he ought to be—he doubtless must be—
with the illustrious history of this distinguished
person in his own country ? Does he know that he
is equally distinguished in war as in peace—dis-
tinguised in legislation, distinguished in tlje per-
formance of high executive functions ?
Mr. DAWSON. I would ask the gentleman
to name the battle in which he was ever distin-
guished.
Mr. FOOTE. If the gentleman will take his
time I might, in due season, give a biographical
sketch of Kossuth for his benefit. But there has
been a book published recently which he can pur-
chase at a small price, and which will give him
full information on the subject. While I should
be willing to instruct that gentleman, and all other
members of the Senate, according to my ability,
if I had leisure, and to accompany the bestowal of
this instruction with the pronunciation of a well-
known couplet, which runs thus:
" Delightful tusk, to I car the tender thought,
And teach the young idea how to shoot"—
on the subject of human freedom; yet I do not con-
sider the present opportunity the best one which
could be desired, either for the bestowal of in-
struction , or the reception of information with re-
gard to the historic point in question.
I was proceeding to say, that the Senator from
Georgia was bound to know that Governor Kos-
suth was distinguished in war; distinguished in
peace; distinguished as a public speaker, perhaps
above nil others now living; distinguished as a
profound statesman; distinguished also in the man-
agement of the fiscal concerns of his country; dis-
tinguished for his noble disinterestedness evinced
under all the circumstances of a varied public ca-
reer; distinguished for his thorough devotion to
civil and religious liberty; distinguished for the
extraordinary sacrifices he has made in the cause
of human freedom; distinguished for the noble
stand he has taken for the liberties of his coun-
trymen against the tyrannical Government of Aus-
tria, aided and sustained by the still more tyran-
nical and unprincipled Government of the Czar of
Russia.
Sir, this man has performed acts, he is the
author of achievements that must hand him down
to future ages as f/tfi man of the present age—more
illustrious in all r&pects, in my judgment, than
any other' man that the present generation has
produced in any quarter of the world. Of a pure
and unblemished character, amiable in disposition;
a stern, unbending republican, though utterly
■ opposed to the accursed doctrines of socialism;
; possessed of a moral courage whicl} enabled him
! to declare, even in the midst of a monarchical
| people, his unqualified respect and admiration for
republican institutions,—such is Kossuth. We
have invited him hither. Why? Because we
i understood his merits; because we appreciated
I his sufferings; because we sympathized thor-
oughly with him, as an illustrious public charac-
ter; because we knew that the American people
sympathized with him most profoundly. What
we did at the last session on this subject has been
approved of by our constituents. I do not believe
that there has been the least censure bestowed
upon the Senate of the United States for the pas-
sage of the resolution of the last session, in any
quarter of this broad Republic,. Having had some
hand in the passage of that resolution—having in
fact brought it forward here for adoption, I have
felt a natural inclination to scrutinize the state of
public feeling in reference to it; and I feel author-
ized to declare, that I have not yet heard the lan-
guage of condemnation applied to us anywhere,
or by any person whatsoever. What now do we
propose to do ? Having invited Governor Kossuth
to this country—having, by our kind offices, ac-
complished the deliverance of this illustrious indi-
vidual and his associates from captivity,—having
secured to him and to them the means of coming to
this country, where, if he chooses to remain he
can permanently enjoy the blessings of civil and
religious freedom;—having thus established in
behalf of this glorious Republic, by our interposi-
tion in this case of unmerited suffering, the ad-
miration artd respect of the whole civilized world,
we find him now ready to land upon our shores,
as the invited guest of the nation. The Administra-
tion at Washington—(the President)—recollecting
that it was at the instance of Congress that one
of/ our ships of war was sent forth to bring Kos-
suth "and his associates to this country as the
guest of the Republic, being unwilling to exhibit
even the appearance of desiring to monopolize the
glory appertaining to this imposing transaction,
in his solemn annual message, read m our hearing
yesterday, invites, in the most formal manner, the
attention of Congress to this interesting subject,
and recommends, in strong and emphatic lan-
guage, the adoption of some suitable plan for the
exercise of such hospitalities as he judges to be
proper on this occasion. In other words, he calls
upon us to accord an appropriate reception to the
noble personage whom we have deliberately invited
to come within our borders. I have already stated
that I have not intruded this resolution upon the
Senate without due consultation; indeed, from
certain personal considerations, I should rather
have desired some other gentleman to have moved
in the matter, had not the worthy Secretary of
State (Mr. Webster) some days ago called my
attention specially to the subject, informing me in
advance what would be the recommendation of
the President in regard to the point under con-
sideration, and desiring me, as the mover of the
original resolution of the last session, to offer to
the Senate a resolution substantially corresponding
to the one now under consideration. It is under
such promptings from a high Whig source, that a
Democrat, inflexibly devoted to the principles of
his party, conceived it proper that he should, to
some extent, rise above mere party considera-
tions, and cooperate with the Administration of
the country for the time being in this generous
undertaking.
I must say that I am surprised that, under the
circumstances mentioned, gentlemen who are the
peculiar friends, avowedly, of this same Adminis-
tration, should rise up and present the stern and
unbending opposition which it has been my fate
to experience, to a simple and unavoidable act of
national courtesy. Yet I am not so much sur-
prised as I might have been a few days ago, had
the same development been then made; for I dis-
cover in certain quarters that hints have been al-
ready given, that it would be a dangerous thing
for Kossuth to be allowed to come to this country
and deliver such bold and soul-stirring harangues
in favor of the great principles of which he is the
champion, from the fear that his eloquence might
have the effect of unduly liberalizing the minds of
the people of America, and might impart a still
more republican cast to the minds of the thinking
millions of this country. I know very well that
political bigotry in several noted quarters has al-
ready undertaken to sneer at all attempts even to
do simple jnstice to the character of this distin-
guished man. I know that base and unprincipled
calumniators, (who will, I trust, be very soon ex-
posed to the umtiitigated indignation and scorn of
the civilized world,) in advance of the landing of
Governor Kossuth upon our shores, have under-
taken to calumniate him seriously in regard to cer-
tain delicate circumstances connected with his leav-
ing the steamer Mississippi at Gibraltar. I have
looked into the charges which have been brought,
and the evidence adduced in support of them, and
I thank God that I have seen already, in advance
of his coming into our midst, a triumphant vindi-
cation of all these heartless allegatious. I beg
leave to declare here, that the attempt which has
been made to poison the public mind of America
towards this excellent personage—to instil undue
prejudice into the minds of the enlightened people
of this country in regard to this illustrious victim
of oppression—is, in my judgment, altogether the
most disgraceful act of the kind that has yet
marked our annals as a nation. When I first saw
the insidious and fiendish epistle which was sent
across the briny deep for the purpose of awaken-
ing prejudice in the American mind in regard to
this long-suffering patriot and true republican, I
was full of grief, of disgust, and of indignation;
and I rejoice that this opportunity has been unex-
pectedly afforded to me of pouring forth the deep,
and, I might almost say,inexpressible indignation
which I feel at the concerted, cold-blooded injus-
tice done to this noble personage by the corrupt
and mercenary scribblers of faction. Ihad hoped,
