1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
The question was put on the motion to lay upon
the table; and, upon a division, there were—ayes
56 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I demand
t^ll 01*3
Mr. STANTON. I will, with the consent of
the House, withdraw my motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I renew it.
Tellers were demanded, and ordered; and
Messrs. Stephens, of Georgia, and Molony were
appointed.
The question was again put, and the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table was
agreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes 63,
noes 54.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the :
Union. !
Mr. CONGER. I would inquire whether it [
be in order to move that the House proceed to the i
consideration of the business upon the Speaker's
table? ;
The SPEAKER. Not pending the motion of j
the gentleman from Alabama. i
The question was taken, and the motion was ,
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Disney in die chair.)
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The business first in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 43, making
appropriations for the expenses of the Indian De-
partment for the year ending 30th of June, 1853;
upon which the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Johnson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. My colleague
on the Committee on Indian Affairs [Mr. Fitch]
requests from me a few minutes of my time for
the purpose of stating a few facts; I therefore yield
to him.
Mr. FITCH. I have made the request, Mr.
Chairman, of my colleague m consequence of hav-
ing lost some considerable portion of my time yes-
terday by yielding to another gentleman. I shall
speak directly to the amendment which it is my
intention, and of which I now give notice, to oiler
fit the proper time. I alluded yesterday to the
disagreeable nature of thedufy sornetimesimposed
upon members of committees of advocating claims,
if matters of this character, however, are refeired
to me, as a member of the committee under the
ordinary rules of the House, and, after a rigid
investigation, I find nothing in them upon which
to hang a doubt of their justice and validity, or
anything that would justify me in opposing them,
I should esteem myself as forfeiting any confi-
dence winch the House and my constituents might
be disposed to repose in me if 1 sought to create
doubts and raise objections not justified by the
evidence m the case.
It is true, sir, that pettifogging objections can he
urged to the payment of any claim, however just;
but there is nothing in the character of such ob-
jections recommending them to gentlemen m their
private relations, and ceitamly nothing appealing i
in fa\or of a resort to them by a ffrave legislative ,
body, for whose acts an entire nation is account- t
able. An individual weighing character and credit ■
at nothing might refuse to pay a just debt, unless .
upon the condition precedent of the relinquishment
to him by his creditor of another'debt, perhaps .
equally as just; but such compounding-of debts—
such a principle, I apprehend, this nation and this j
Congress would hesitate to declare as their guide ;
of action in their intercourse with other nations,
or their own people. It is, however, the princi-
ple which, I am sorry to say, is recognized by the ,
amendment offered by my friend from Virginia 1
[Air. Meade] on yesterday to my amendment, i
for the benefit of the friendly Creeks. It is a
principle which I hope will not be adopted. I |
have but little further to say with reference to the :
chum of the Creeks. By the treaty of 1821 we 1
competed them to indemnify certain citizens of |
George for depredations committed upon those '
cjtiZvans by the Indians, in doing so, we exercised
a i'Thf incumbent upon us; for while, as the gov-
erii'iiesi! of the people and their servants, we"are
bound 'o [xotect them from injury—as guardians |
of the ludians, justice demands our protection to j]
be extended over them. In the protection of our \
people—citizens of Georgia—we compelled the In-
diansto compensateindividuals for damages inflict-
ed upon them; and shall we refuse to mete the
same measure of justice to others we demanded
for our citizens, especially when those others look
to us for protection, and when the damages for
which they ask restitution were inflicted upon
them because of their friendship and alliance with
us?
I now desire, sir, to address myself to the
amendment to which, m the first portion of my
remarks, I made reference. It is an amendment
relating to theMenomonee Indians of Wisconsin,
and providing for additional compensation to them
for certain lands that were purchased from them
by the Government. The amendment reads:
"For additional compensation foi tho >ale of then lamls
in the State ot' VVwoons.ni, by treaty or' October 18th. 1848,
%^2l,840, the same to be paid in s-ueh manner, with the
approbation of said nation, as the Picvidcnt may think
most advisable to then pro-peuty and happiness.
Mr. Chairman, I presume no gentleman of the
committee desires to vote upon a. proposition in-
volving the expenditure of almost a quarter of a
million of dollars, without knowing something
about it. Hence, I hope to have the attention of
the committee while I briefly explain that amend-
ment. The Menomonees of Wisconsin were
possessed of a large and valuable tract of land,
surrounded and encroached upon by whites, which
it was very desirable should be purchased by the
Government for the purpose of being brought into
market and cultivated. There were obstacles to
a treaty, which had prevented one being made
until 1848. In October, 1848—E will not be pre-
cise, though I have the date before mo—-a treaty
was made. 1 desire to call the attention of mem-
beis from Ohio to my subsequent remaiks upon
this subject, because, m pursuing its history, as
detailed in the report of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, dated April 53d, 1851, I shall neces-
sarily be compelled to say some hard things, and
allude to charges of a grave character asamst a
gentleman of that State, and desire to avoid even
the seeming of a disposition to prevent his friends
here, in his absence, from making such defense of
him as they may think is required. The gentle-
man to whom I allude is Mr. Medill. He was
Commissioner of Indian Affairs in 1848, and was
detailed as a special commissioner to negotiate a
treaty with the Menomonees. We find by the
record that, "As preliminary to the making of
4 this treaty, the question was submitted to the A t-
4 torney Geneial of the United States to determine
' the extent and quantity of the lands owned by
4these Indians. He gave an opinion on the 13th
' of September, ly43, in which he examined the
4 several treaties previously made with the Meno-
'monees, and the agreement between them and
4 other tribes m relation to their boundaries "
"After this opinion of the Attorney General
4 was given, the Secretary of War issued his in-
4 structions to the commissioner who wasappoint-
' ed to negotiate the treaty. These instructions
4 were dated September 14th, 1843." These in-
structions told Mr, Med ill, " The Presidents dis-
posed to treat the Indians with kindness and lib-
erality;" and, "if a treaty can be effected at a
4 cost per acre of the estimated quantity of land
4 within the limits suggested by the Attorney Gen-
4 era), not exceeding that paid by the United Stutes
4 urider the treaty with the JV7hiomawres of Spptpmhpr,
4 3, 183G, provide in the treaty for the purchase of
4 all their claims to lands m Wisconsin, and stip-
' ulate for the payment of a sum not exceeding the
i same ratable price as in, the same treaty above re-
ferred to; the quantity of land estimated to be
4 within these limits, and to form the basis of cal-
4 dilation of price, is three millions twenty three
4 thousand and eight hunched acres. *'
We are told by the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, (report April 23d, 1851,) that 44 Accompa-
4 nying these instructions there was a map, pre-
4 pared at the Topographical Bureau under the di-
4 rection of this office, in accordance with the fore-
4 going opinion of the Attorney Geneial. The
4 area marked out on the map as the Menomonee
4 tract was estimated to contain the number of
4 acres mentioned in the instructions, to wit, three
4 million twenty-three thousand eight hundred
4 acres."
We first, then, have refcrcncc to the treaty of
1836, to ascertain the pri^e which he was au-
thorized to pay, and we find it was a fraction more
than eighteen cents an acre. With these instruc-
tions, with this knowledge that the amount of land
was three millions twenty-three thousand eight
hundred acres, and this map, he proceeded to
Wisconsin. I desire to call the attention of the
committee to another fact connected with this mat-
ter. Upon the map was laid down u a small lake
that determined the course of one of the boundary
lines " of the Menomonee lands. I call attention
particularly to this " small lake/' because it will
figure again in the further history of the transac-
tion. He convened the Indians, and asked them
to sign a treaty—not ceding to the United States
an 44 estimated quantity of land," at a certain
44 cost per acre"—but stating that, "The said Me-
4 nomonee tribe of Indians agree to cede, and do
4 hereby agree to cede, sell, and to relinquish to
4 the United States all the lands in the State of
4 Wisconsin, wherever situated." In considera-
tion of which sweeping cession they were to re-
ceive $350,000.
We have seen that he went to Wisconsin with
a knowledge that he was to treat for at least ihiee
millions twenty-three thousand eight hundred
acres. We will now procecd to prove, that by his
own admission, he discovered while there the pos-
session of the Menomonees to be four million acres.
In hks report to the Secretary of War, dated De-
cember 12, 1848, he says:
44 J?ut I ascertained, while m the country, that then? was
an euor in the map which was before the Attorney Gen-
eral, m i elation to the location of a small lake that deter-
mined the course of one of the boundarv lines, and which,
if so conected as to conform to the representations there
made, would piobably increase the numbei of acres* u hicli
I \v<\< uulhouzed to lecogmzc as belonging to the Indians
to about four millions."
And in his report for 1848-'49, to Congress as
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, he speaks of the
treaty as one by which the Menomonees 44 cede
all their lands in Wisconsin, containing about four
millions of acres."
With these instructions, and this knowledge of
the amount of land he was about to purchase, let
us next see what it is in proof he told the Indians,
He 4" repeatedly told said Indians that their tract
4 of land contained only about sixteen hundred thou-
4 sand ocrcs; that he was offering them more for the
4 same than he was instructed by their great father
4 to pay therefor." And that 44 the speeches of
' said Medill in said councils were filled with
4 threats and menaces towards said Indians, by
' which means (m part) he was able to obtain fas
'he did) a signed treaty." And further, that
" He told the nation he would not give them more
' than the §350,000 for said land, and threatened
4 them with the authority of the United State.", and
4 its power to remove them at its pleasure, if they
4 did not sign the said treaty."
44 He threatened to degrade those of their chiefs
4 who opposed the treaty, if they did not consent
4 to the terms which he proposed; and declared
4 that if they persisted in refusing to sign it, he
4 would remove them, and appoint other chiefs who
4 would sign it. Thus he induced some of their
4 chiefs to sign said treaty from /eur, and because
4 they supposed that the United States would force
4 them oil their lands if they did not willingly sell
4 and cede them."
And of the Indians, it is in proof that they
(i signed the treaty of October 18, 1848, under the
4 belief that, should they refuse, the Government
' of the United States would violate their repeated
4 pledges of protection, and send troops to force
4 them to leave their homes."
And that 44 Osh Kosh, the head chief, said to his
, fellow-chiefs then m council: * My friends, we can-
not do otherwise; we are forced into it.' "
Mr. SWEETSEU. I hope the gentleman will
' permit me to put a question to him. I desire to
, know upon what authority the gentleman makes
■ this statement.
I Mr. FITCH. Upon official authority from the
| Indian Bureau, made up in part of a record left
j by Mr. Medill when he left the Bureau. I quote
! mostly from such authority.
} Mr. SWEETSER. I am not acquainted with
1 the facts. I only ask that question.
I Mr. FITCH. Desiring not to consume too
much of the time of my friend from Arkansas,
1 [Mr. Johnson,] I have condensed the history of
, this matter as much as possible; but have official
authority for all the statements I have made rel-
ative to it—authority based upon Mr. Medill's
i record, the affidavits of fourteen witnesses, the
