1851.
the con■ nmm.
sir, that in the American Senate—a body hereto-'
fore noted for its courtesy, respected for its liber-
ality, and which was once distinguished above all
other legislative assemblies in the world for its
true and inflexible devotion to the great principles
of civil and religious liberty—no such ungenerous
opposition would have been presented as that
which it has been fated to encounter; which oppo-
sition, I must say, derives all its importance from
the fact tluu it has originated in a quarter of un-
equivocal respectability.
Sir, the gentleman from p-eorgia seems to over-
look the fact, that there is a great struggle going
on at this moment in all parts of the civilized world
between the principles of freedom and the princi-
ples of slavery. The tyrants of the earth have
combined for the overthrow of liberty. In some
instances open attempts are made to break down
political and religious freedom. In others, the
means employed by the enemies of freedom are
more disguised and insidious, but not at all less
dangerous. At such a moment does it behoove the
American people to join the side of despotism, or
to stand by the cause of freedom? We must d6
one or the other. We cannot avoid the solemn
alternative presented. Those who are not for us
are against us. Those who are not for freedom
are for slavery.
Mr. HALE. Exactly.
Mr. FOOTE. The gentleman says " exactly."
I shall deal with him very exactly, presently. I
am using such language as I deem suited to the
ears of statesmen. I am employing such phrase-
ology as has received an acceptation perfectly un-
derstood amongst real statesmen—among men of
a genuine elevation of character—who are capable
of breathing elsewhere than in the impure atmos-
phere of faction; who are something more than
the wretched demagogues of the hour; who are
able, when a great question like this is under con-
sideration, to elevate themselves somewhat above
the behests of an-unreasoning fanaticism. I say,
sir, I am using language which, amongst such
men—the statesmen, the true'philanthropists, the
enlightened philosophers of the world—is perfectly
comprehended and appreciated. Yet, my simple
words seem not to be comprehended in a certain
quarter. I am asserting such views as have con-
stantly been misunderstood in the same quarter
ever since I have had the honor of holding a seat
in this body, and I trust that the apparently
unconquerable blindness which has constantly
marked the course of certain inflated demagogues
whom I could easily specify—(not here, of course,
or who should not be here, certainly)—will con-
tinue undiminished, until Jehovah himself shall
determine that the fitting time has come for pour-
ing out upon theirheads that deluge of fiery indig-
nation which their manifold offences are calling
forth.
I have nothing of a special character to say in
regard to the gentleman's amendment at present.
It would not now be seasonable to speak of it upon
its merits. Every one understands why that
amendment has been suggested; and if it shall be
hereafter brought forward in a regular and formal
manner, I will undertake to suggest the motives
in which it has originated. I shall express the
regret which I feel that every attempt which we
make here to do our duty as Senators is either
impeded or counteracted by persons who, with the
most high-flown professions of philanthropy and
disinterestedness ever upon their lips, are never so
well satisfied with themselves as when they acquire
a little contemptible notoriety by the perpetration
of acts which look alone to the production of some
social mischief, either temporary or permanent,
and which may perchance serve to call into re-
newed action those elements of domestic excite-
ment and discord, which I must suppose every
good man in the land hoped might terminate for-
ever.
Sir, I wish to make one more remark before I
take my seat. The eminent personage whose
claims upon our respect and sympathy I have en-
deavored to make manifest, has commended him-
self especially to my regard by the delicate and
discreet forbearance which he has elsewhere exer-
cised in avoiding all indecent interference with the
domestic institutions of othef countries than his
own Whilst in monarchical England, he did not
hesitate to avow his decided partiality for republi-
can institutions, yet no one can accuse him of
uttering a word upon any occasion which was in
the least degree calculated to awaken popular dis-
content or to foment civil discord; and 1 venture
to predict, sir, that if the vicious and contriving
facfionists who have so fiercely struggled for sev-
eral years past to disturb the domestic quiet of the
Republic should attempt to enlist him in their un-
holy designs, they will incur such a withering
rebuke from his lips as will make them wish, for a
moment at least, that the Almighty in his provi-
dence had never permitted such miscreants to pol-
lute the pure air of heaven with their pestilential
breath.
Mr. HALE. I did not expect that the brief
notice which I gave of the amendment which I
propose to offer to this resolution, would call forth
exactly the course of remark to which it has been
subjected; and still less did I conceive that it
was to, lay up in store such a further castigation
as is threatened when the honorable Senator from
Mississippi shall disclose the motives of the mover
of the amendment. I had supposed that it was
in order for a man to declare his own motives,
because he was supposed to be advised what they
were; but when he goes further than that, and un-
dertakes to disclose the motives of other persons,
if he does not transgress the rules of good taste
and Christian charity, he does transgress those of
the Senate; and it is not competent for him within
the rules of the Senate to undertake to assign to
a Senator motives different from those which lie
himself proclaims, and which appear upon the face
of the proposition which he makes. Whenever
the Senator shall und ertake to en ter into the mo-
tives which have impelled me to action, I will
endeavor to meet him either by argument or by
calling him to order.
I have but a word to say to the honorable Sen-
ator. He says there are some minds, " not here,
of course," that is, I suppose, not in his seat, that
cannot understand language as statesmen use it.
Why cannot they? Now, if there ever was a
man that delivered illustrated lectures, and demon-
strated the truth of his propositions as he went
along, it was that honorable Senator. What is
this amendment? Why, that we shall assure to
this illustrious man, as dear to my affections as
to his—dear to my affections for the principles
which he has advocated, and for the maintenance
and advocacy of which he is now an exile—that
we shall assure him and his associates in exile of
the sympathy of the Congress and the people of
the United States not only with them but with
the victims of oppression everywhere. This, sir,
is evidence that somebody does not understand
the English language as statesmen use it. We
sympathize with the victims of oppression every-
where, and that is evidence that there is a faction
in the country that wants to arouse those sec-
tional feelings which have been so happily buried.
What more is there that shows a want of appre-
hension and comprehension, and understanding of
statesman-like language? Why, that it is our
earnest desife that the time may speedily come
when the rights of man shall be universally recog-
nized and respected by every people and govern-
ment of the world. Is there any intimation there
that the honorable Senator means to find fault
with ? Does he mean to intimate that in this land
there is a place where the rights of man are not
respected and recognized ? If he does, he utters a
fouler slander upon the country and upon some of
the States of the Confederacy,"than I would allow
myself to utter in this place. It seems to me that
he is wanting in an apprehension and comprehen-
sion of the fair meaning of language when he sees
anything sinister or covert in that. What is the
color of these words? What is the complexion?
What is the odor of them that has waked up such
a tornado in the Senator's breast, and stirred up
such a magazine of wrath as is to be poured out
on the motives I had in suggesting this poor amend-
ment?
The honorable Senator accuses me of putting
myself forward to seek notoriety. No, sir, I have
only attempted in an humble way to be bobtail to
the kite he has set flying. That is all. As to this
little amendment to the resolution which he has in-
troduced, I can assure him that there is nothing
sinister, nothing covert, nothing agitating or in-
tended for agitation in it. I had hoped that agi-
tation was dead, and that the agitators would be
stilled. I had hoped that this subject of slavery
was, as we have been told so many times, quietly
and peaceably settled—that the Wilmot proviso
was dead, andthat those few whd have stood here ;
who used to advocate' it, were- oiily the.tomb-
stones to jjoSftt out where it was buried-.- But
when I catrie into, the Senate thtt rrtorning/I-ffouni-
upon my table a resolution which the pnhlii jour-
nals tell us the Senator from Mississippi gave nd^
tice that he should offer. Thai resolution; which"
is to be introduced at a future day, is orfe declar-
ing that the measures of adjustment, so caHed^
naming them every one, one after another, sen-
atim—are to be considered as a final and definitive1
settlement of the questions growing But of .the
system of domestic slavery. That1 brings, up the
whole subject again. It brings up all those acts,
the fugitive slave law included. It opens the
whole_ door of discussion, and introduces all these
agitating questions which we had all hoped were
so quietly buried long ago. Now, let no gentle-
nmn retort upon me that I am in favor of agi-
tation. I used to be in favor of it, but I got
sick of it, and J am still sicker of it when I see
the gentlemen who have been so long declaiming
against it are the very gentlemen to introduce
these matters to the Senate. I am tired of agita-
tion here, because I am satisfied that no good can
be produced here—not the least. I had. hoped
that here the whole subject was quieted. But
what does it mean ? Is there a monopoly of sym-
pathy and admiration for the distinguished patriots
of the Old World? Cannot those of us who are
so unfortunate as to live in Northern climes under
the influence of the cold winds and the freezing
atmosphere of our Northern latitude—if our hearts
do sometimes get warm and melted by the glow
of enthusiasm and sympathy, that is waked up
and roused by the manly, noble, generous, self-
sacrificing' patriots of other lands—in Heaven's
name, if the blood begins to flow in our cold
hearts, can we not spealc? Must we still the
throbbing pulses of humanity, and suffer gentle-
men from another latitude to monopolize all the
sympathy, and all the admiration,and all the zeal
that is to be displayed for great deeds of great
men in behalf of great causes ?
The honorable Senator says that the despots of
the world are linked together, and that there is a
conflict between liberty and slavery. Well, I want,
according to my poor understanding of the terms,
to enroll myself"under the banners of those who are
fighting the battles of liberty. I do not want to
be found amid the hosts of those that are sustain-
ing the cause of slavery, and driving the Kossuths
of the Old World to seek refuge here. And may I
not, although 1 am not gifted with such keen per-
ceptions, such flowing thoughts, and such elo-
quent diction as the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi, in my own poor way speak what I feel
moving in my own heart, without subjecting myself
to such a reproach'
Sir, I do not want to be a leader. I do not want
to go ahead. I am content to follow. Two years
ago, when an honorable Senator from Michigan,
now in my eye, [Mr. Cass,] gave utterance to
some sentiments which T thought did honor to
him, honor to the age, and honor to the Senate,
on a proposition to suspend diplomatic intercourse
with Austria on account of the course which she
pursued, I then proposed an amendment to put
Russia into the same category, ltook occasion at
that time to be not a leader but a follower of the
great and distinguished men of the Senate who
had taken the lead in giving dhection to public
sentiment and expressing the sympathies of Con-
gress and of the people with the victims of op-
pression that were seekingour shores for an asylum
for protection. It seems to mo that a man who
can find fault with this expression—with an ex-
pression of sympathy with the victims of oppres-
sion the world over—a man that can find fault
with the utterance of a prayer that that day may
arrive which the prophets of old have predicted
shall be the day when the principles of humanity
and Christianity shall influence all nations and all
people,—the man that can find fault with the ex-
pression of such a sentiment, must poorly under-
stand the principles of civil liberty, the principles
of humanity, or those which should guide enlight-
ened and humane statesmen.
If there is anything that is exceptionable and
objectionable in the amendment which I have sug-
gested, it is not on the face of the paper; and I
deny the right of the Senator from Mississippi, or
anybody else, to look beyond the paper—to look
beyond" what appears patent upon its face and
