1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1799
written statement of one reverend gentleman, and
of "two members of the Society of Fnends."
The correctness of the authority can scarcely be
doubted—the credibility of the witnesses appears
to be unimpeachable, and the facts as related appear
to be incontrovertible, though there is a denial of
the charges against Mr. Medill. This denial con-
sists of statements, not affidavits, of five persons.
To this denial I may again refer, time permitting.
The testimony to sustain the facts which I have
briefly mentioned and the statements I have
quoted, is, in the language of the present Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, "full and explicit
upon all the alleged points of wrong and griev-
ance," of which the Menomonees complain.
What is exhibited by the state of facts thus
officially disclosed ? Successful efforts upon the
part of a Government functionary to procure by
threats and fraudulent misrepresentations, from a
feeble and friendly people, who have never shed
the blood of all American citizen—who have never
raised a tomahawk against us—a cession of what
he knew to be near 2,500,000 acres of land, with-
out any compensation!
The cession which Mr. Medill supposed to be
4,000,000 acres, was afterwards ascertained to
contain 5,000,000 acres. The Indians, therefore,
lost 3,500,000 acres, for which they have received
no consideration. Was this treating them with
the "kindness and liberality" contemplated in
President Polk's instructions?
It is not to be wondered—no, it should have
been expected, that the Indians would appeal from
the terms of such a treaty, forced upon them in
such manner. They accordingly did appeal. A
deputation of their chiefs came to this city, and
appealed to the President from the wrong and out-
rage perpetrated upon them. They asked that
the treaty of the 18th of October, 1848, should be
construed to cede, on their part, only 3,023,800
acres to the United States, or that a new treaty
should be made. They desired something approx-
imating to the value of their lands. The Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs does not deem it ex-
pedient to grant either request, for reasons which,
injustice to my friend from Arkansas, [Mr. John-
son,] I cannot enumerate, as it would encroach
too much upon his time, but which will be found
in the report of the Commissioner, to which I have
before alluded, of April 23, 1851. He recom-
mends compensating them for the amount of land
which Mr. Medill was expected, under his in-
structions, to purchase of them at the price of
1836, the price he was expected to pay. Strict
justice, it appears to me, would require us to pay
that price per acre for the 5,000,000 acres; but the
Department having the matter under charge, and
presumed to have a more full and correct under-
standing of it than we can, think and recommend
otherwise, and the committee of which I am a
member acquiesces in that recommendation.
We therefore propose, by the amendment I shall
offer, to pay $221,840, that being the balance due
for 3,023,800 acres at the price of 1836—18 99-100
cents per acre. With this amount the Commis-
sioner believes the Indians will be content; and it is
the least a decent regard for honor and justice will
permit us to pay. Its payment is recommended not
only by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, but
the recommendation is repeated by the Secretary
of the Interior, with the sanction of the President,
all of them having examined the matter. It there-
fore stands upon a footing upon which scarcely
ever a claim of that extent and character was be-
fore placed; for whatever we on this side of the
House may say of Mr. Fillmore's political opin- i
ions—however heterodox we may and do esteem ,
them, and whatever political sins may result from |
them—we have yet to hear his personal honesty ]
questioned. If there beany one disposed to do it,
he has yet to speak, and even then candor compels
me to say, that I should very probably question
the veracity of the witness. The claim, then,
comes before us after full investigation by these
parties. Their recommendation has been submit-
ted to the committee of which I am a member, and
that committee instructed me to offer the amend-
ment which 1 will offer at the proper place.
Mr. OLDS. With the consent of the gentle-
man from Indiana, I desire to remark, that I am
not a personal friend of Colonel Medill, and
should not feel called upon to notice this seeming
attack upon his official conduct, were it not that
he is a constituent of mine. The gentleman
speaks, as he says, from the record of the Indian
Bureau. I ask him to state if the same record
does not show that Colonel Medill, at the time of
his negotiation with the Wisconsin Indians, had
no knowledge of there being a greater quantity
than the 1,600,000 acres paid for by his treaty
with them?
Mr. FITCH. Gluite the contrary. The record
shows that he had full knowledge of the owner-
ship by the Menomonees of at least 3,023,800
acres, and that he subsequently learned on the
spot where and when he was negotiating the treaty,
that the amount was 4,000,000 acres.
Mr. SWEETSER. I understand the gentle-
man to say, in the beginning of his remarks, that
the Attorney General had his attention called to
the state ot the Territory, and had made an esti-
mate, with which Mr. Medill proceeded to Wis-
consin, and upon which he acted. I understand
the gentleman to say distinctly, that that statement
disclosed the amount of vacant unsold land be-
longing to the Ivlenomonees, and upon that he
makes the charge upon Mr. Medill, that he could
not be ignorant of the fact. Now, I wish to put
the further question, whether there is disclosed in
the Department, or anywhere, any conceivable
motive, on the part of Mr. Medill, to deceive these
Indians ? if so, let it go to the country.
Mr. FITCH. I have said nothing of hjs mo-
tives. 1 know nothing of them. Motives are not
what the committee referred to me to investigate.
It was acts and their result. Motives can only
color the act, they cannot change the result.
Mr. CHAND1 ,ER. I ask the gentleman wheth-
er he is satisfied that we have received more land
than we have paid for, without regard to the fraud
or mistake on the part of the commissioner?
Mr. FITCH. We have; and the committee
place the application for additional compensation
upon that ground. The Indians consented to the
treaty, which ceded more laud than they were told
they possessed. They were not deceived by be-
ing so told in regard to the amount of land which
they possessed. -They knew it was more than
was represented; but threats, and fear of losing all
their land without any compensation, unless they
assented to the treaty, induced them to do so.
We paid them by the treaty for less than two mil-
lion acres, and received 5,000,000 or more.
Mr. CHAN'DLER. Then, as the guardians of
the Indians, and as honest men, we have nothing
to do but to pay for what we actually got.
Mr. FREEMAN. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana one question. I understood
him to say that the Indians were fully aware, at
the time they signed the treaty, that they owned
this additional quantity of land. By what power
did Medill force these Indians to sign that treaty?
Mr. FITCH. He told the chiefs, in the first
place, that if they would not sign the treaty, he
would degrade them and appoint others in their
stead. The chiefs knew his power and position,
for these Indians are intelligent men. He like-
wise told them that if the tribe prevented the per-
fection of the treaty, he would employ military
force to drive them out of the country. It was
the power of threats, then, by which they were
made to sign the treaty.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Allow me to
ask whether Colonel Medill denies having made
use of these threats?
Mr. FITCH. 1 do not know. No denial by
him is before the Indian Committee, or referred to
by the Bureau.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is a de-
nial by certain witnesses, to which the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] has previously referred.
Mr. FITCH. Certainly; and 1 thank thegen- j
tleman from Arkansas for calling my attention to
those witnesses again, or in my anxiety to en-
croach no further upon his time, I should have
omitted any further allusion to their evidence.
The denial, to which thegen tleman from Arkansas
refers, consists of written statements (not sworn
to) of five individuals. Two of these, I believe,
were Indian sub-agents. Certainly one was, and
he appears to be the principal one—William H.
Bruce. The name is one with which the House
is probably familiar. He figured in the recent de-
ficiency bill as a defaulter to the amount of some
|33,000, and under circumstances which should
destroy his credibility, even if he was a man of
veracity before. It appears to have been through
him that the statements of the other four persons |
| were obtained, at Ieftst they were forwarded to the
, Indian Bureau by him. With a reiteration of
what I have before said, that the application for
additional compensation is based not upon charges
.against Mr. Medill, or any motive which may
have governed his acts, but upon their result, upon
the fact that by his treaty the Indians Were paid
for less than two million acres while they were
made to cede five millions, I surrender the floor
to the gentleman from Arkansas, with thanks for
his courtesy.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is no
statement of Mr. Medill, whether he denies
having made use of the threats or not, but we must
presume he does.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chand-
ler] asked whether or not we have got land which
we did not pay for; and he came to the conclusion
that if we have, and from Indians that were at our
mercy, it ought to be paid fen'. Every one will
agree to that proposition. Well, the object of
this amendment is to pay for what we got, over
and above what we have paid for. We are called
upon to come to a conclusion, whether it is true
that we did get more than we paid for, from the
facts of the case.
Mr. FITCH. Will my friend from Arkansas
allow me to state that there is an Executive rec-
ommendation to pay the Indians the difference?
The amount of land estimated by the Attorney
General at the time Medill went out, was three
million and odd thousand acres; but it was subse-
quently ascertained, and Medill knew it, that it
was four millions of acres.
Mr. JOHNSON. That we got more land than
we paid for, cannot be said legally. It is not
correct legally, because the treaty defines in the de-
scription of theland sold, all the land that they possess.
But what is the fact, in truth and justice, with
reference to this transaction between these Menom-
onees and the Government of the United States?
Sir, it was difficult to determine what land these
Indians were entitled to, and what were the bound-
aries of their territory. All the facts were ac-
cordingly collected from various previous treaties
with the tribe, and the whole matter was referred
to the Attorney General of the United States to
settle the law points involved, and to determine
carefully what in truth were their boundaries.
The decision of the Attorney General exposed an
amount of land in their possession, and belonging
to them, of 3,023,000 acres. Armed with these
documents and this decision, Mr. Medill started
for the Indian territory, as a special commissioner,
to make a treaty with this tribe. Well, sir, when
he got there, he discovered that there was an error,
and that theland which the Indians had amounted
to 4,000,000 of acres, as he stated in his own re-
port, instead of3,023,000. He reported this when
he came back, and spoke of it with pride, that in
the transaction with the Indians, he had got the
whole 4,000,000 of acres for §350,000. Well,
sir, it turns out, on surveying the land, and on
putting it into our surveyor general's land office,
in plats marked out fey the chain and compass,
that we got 5,000,000 of acres from the Indians.
Now, sir, what were the instructions given to
this commissioner when he was sent out to make
this treaty ? Those instructions from President
Polk were, that he should give to these Indians for
their lauds not exceeding what had been paid to
them for another portion of their land, under a
treaty of 1836. The rate which was paid then,
if paid for 3,023,000 acres which the Attorney
General estimated the Indians to possess, would
have amounted to upwards of $571,000. Well,
sir, Mr. Medill goes out and buys the whole of
the land owned by the Indians, and ill conformity
with those instructions, he makes a treaty and
gives them $350,000. For what ? For 3,023,000
acres' No, sir; but for all the land they had,
which turns out to have been 5,000,000 acres. But
that is not all. It is charged by the Indians, that
Mr. Medill exhibited maps to them, and repre-
sented to them that they had not more than
1,600,000 acres. What is therein this transac-
tion, aside from all the oral testimony, which goes
to prove that that representation was made?
There is this, (and if it be not the evidence of truth,
it is one of the most remarkable coincidences that
ever occurred, or, as some might consider it, a
piece of circumstantial testimony more conclusive
than direct proof of the fact, and it is this,) that
taking the instruction to pay a given sum—say
