1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
about nineteen cents per acre—for the 3,023,000
acreswhichitwas estimated ihelruHans possessed,
it would have amounted to upwards of $573,000;
but if you estimate it, you will find that §350,000,
which" he agreed to pay, was precisely, leaving
off about $40,000, what he was authorized to pay
if the quantity of land had been 1,600,000 acres
instead of 3,023,800 acres; and the $40,000, which
makes up about the $350,000, is expressly set
apart for the half-breeds, whose aid was essential
to him.
Now, I mean to convince you that it was rep-
resented to the Indians that they had only one
million six hundred thousand acres, and that they
made the treaty on that representation. I do not
speak of it as a point of dishonor to Mr. Medill.
Indeed, it may be regarded by many as a skillful
piece of diplomacy for the service of this Govern-
ment, and that it was faithful service; but was it
honorable for a powerful nation ? Certainly, it is
a most singular coincidence that the amount
agreed to be paid would almost precisely come up
to the amount authorized by the instructions, if
the amount of land had been one million six hun-
dred thousand acres. Is it not, then, reasonable
to suppose that the land was bought from the In-
dians as one million six hundred thousand acres ?
It all may be ri^ht, or it all may be wrong. This
amendment is for the purpose of paying for the
whole amount of land supposed at the tune to be
theirs. If we take the five million acres from
these Indians for *$50,000, they may indeed say
that their great father has certainly driven a very
hard bargain with them.
Mr. SWEETSER. With the permission of
the gentleman from Arkansas, I desire to ask
whether these Indians, prior to the ratification of
this treaty by the Senate, sent in any protest
against the ratification, showing- the fraud now-
represented to have been perpetrated upon them
by the commissioner''
Mr. JOHNSON. I know that the Chrisrian
part of this same tribe represented these things
here, but how soon after this treaty I am unable
now to say.
Mr. OLDS. As I stated before, my relations
with Colonel Medill are not friendly; but as his
representative, I feel authorized to put in a dis-
claimer against these charges. Colonel Medill is
regarded by those who know him as an honor-
able man. I have known him often accused by
his political enemies, but never before by his po-
litical friends. Allow me to say that the evidence
now adduced against him  although introduced
here by the political friends of Colonel Medill,
nevertheless is furnished by his political enemies.
I am not myself familiar enough'with the aifairs
of the Indian Bureau to attempt his justification.
This, however, is not the first attempt that has
been made by the political enemies of Colonel
Medill to assail his administration of Indian af-
fairs. He triumphantly vindicated himself before,
and I think I may venture to pledge him to do so
again. I trust I may ask the indulgence of this
House and the public to suspend any condem-
nation of Colonel Medill until they have heard his
version of this tiansaction. I am confident that,
after hearing his statement, they will acquit him
of any dishonorable motives.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to say, that to make
up a judgment against Mr. Medill, when there is
evidence furnished on the record to prove that he
was not guilty of this fraud, without a hearing,
would be doin^ him total and entire injustice. I
say that there is testimony on the record that
gops to repel all these charges.
Mr. PHELPS. There is the evidence of Mor-
gan L. Martin.
Mr. JOHNSON. Monran L. Martin is one,
and there are three or four others. I will not
charge Mr. Medill with having done these tilings
and with having defrauded the Indians; but I will
at the same time say, that it is plain we have got
five millions of acres of land for $350,000. If,
sir, we got 5,000,000 of acres of the land of this
tribe of Indians for $350,000, it is an outrage in
the sight of God and man. We will not give up
the hind, but hang to it like grim death, and rob
the Indians of all their land.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, I only desire
to say, that from a personal acquaintance with
Colonel Medill for a longtime,! believe him to be
totally incapable of perpetrating a fraud such as
that lepreaented; but at the same time we all
know that he ia a gentleman who from the best
of motives would endeavor to drive the best bar-
: gain he could, it seems to me that without im-
puting any fraud to Colonel Medill,, it is perfectly
! clear from the statements whiph have been made
j here, and which I presume to be correct, that a
; great mistake v/as made on both sides.
I Mr. JOHNSON. That is exactly the conclu-
1 sion I come to. In order to obtain relief in this
matter, it is not necessary to prove that there
must have been absolutely fraud and misrepre-
i sentatiou committed.
| Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
| man permit me to interrupt him ?
| Mr. JOHNSON. Not till I have finished my
< sentence. I want to get out this idea, for I deal
| m ideas, one at a time, and do not wish them
I confounded. [Laughter.] I say it-is not neces-
. sary for any man to suppose that there must have
been fraud or misrepresentation m the matter,
such as to dishonor a man in the slightest degree.
I have not made these charges myself, nor will I
do so, because I should want to see most conclu-
sive proof befoie I would charge a man with such
a crime. But the bill states the facts of the case,
and they are ample enough 10 satisfy us that those
Indians have been dealt most harshi}7- by upon our
part—that they have got nothing, and that we
have robbed them of what we in Congress are all
daily fighting over, as the greatest boon and rich-
est blessing man can have.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As Colonel Medill is a res-
ident of the State which I in part represent, I will
state that these disclosuies have somewhat sur-
prised me, and I would suggest, as a way of getting
along with this business, that my colleague from
the Circleville district [Mr. Olds] should embrace
this inquiry in the resolution which he has been
trying to get before the House for a long time in
refeience to the Gardiner claim. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. Oh, I cannot
give way for these little disputes—gentlemen can
never come that game upon me.
Mr. OLDS. 1 ask the gentleman to allow me
to say one word ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot tolerate this. It
will not do. [Laughter.]
Mr. OLDS. When I made the charge against
Mr. Corwin, my colleague, as tho immediate rep-
resentative of Mr. Corwin, pledged him to call
for an investigation; since which nothing has been
heaid from him. I have pledged Colonel Medill
to make a full vindication of his administration of
the Indian Bureau. We shall now see winch will
come up to the scratch.
Mr. JOHNSON, I have every disposition to
be courteous, but I cannot stand this at all.
[Laughter.]
I wiil leave that proposition, and I beg the at-
tention of the House to another somewhat remark-
able case.
1 am come to a case in relation to which I pro-
cured all the facts and statements from the De-
partment of Indian Ati'airs. It is from that De-
partment that we have derived the facts m refer-
ence to all these cases. We have demanded of
them, m every case where there has been a mat-
ter before us fur inquiry, to investigate the niatttr
fully fiorn their own tiles, at the expense of the
Government, and present us with all the facts, so
that the Committee on Indian Affairs, and the
House of Representatives, may have the fullest
and fairest chance possible to judge in the case. I
will now present a case where we have all the
facts before us. I have a bundle of papers con-
nected with U, large enough, m all conscience, and
which I have made the basis of an amendment
which I will send to the Clerk, and ask to have
read. [A copy of the amendment was not pro-
cured.]
That the committee may understand more clear-
ly, I will state a proposition, which has to be de-
monstrated, and the facta will demonstrate it. It
is this: The United States made a treaty with one
portion of a tribe, of Indians, by which they sold
them a certain portion of territory, defined by lines
and bounds, and received a consideration in full
for it, pledging ourselves to give them a title and
patent in fee for all of it. Six years after that, the
united States sold one hundred thousand acres of
the same land to another portion of the same
tribe, and received a consideration for it, for which
we were to give to that portion of the tribe, also, a
fee simple title, and give them, too, a patent for it.
Nov/, there are two questions which arise: Are
not the United States bound to return the consid-
eration which they received from the last sale, to
the latter part of the tribe, and which portion of
the tribe should it be paid over to? Both portions
of the tribe occupy all the land first sold, and they
live together like a band of brothers. They are
the Shawnee Indians, and the best civilized por-
tion of the Indians. I repeat, the question which
now arises is, are not the United States bound to
refund the money she received from the second
sale of the same land I Now, in view of these
facts, can any man rise in this House and contend
that it is not right that the Government of the
United States should return the consideration
which she thus obtained of the ignorant Indian
under false pretenses?
There is one proposition. There is another which
originates m it, and it is this: As the first portion
of the tribe purchased all of the land upon which
the whole tribe are now located, and as they have-
received the second portion of the tribe with them
upon that land, whether it is not right that the
consideration to be refunded by the United States-
should not be paid to the first portion ? We have
brought in this amendment so as to provide that
the entire fund obtained b}^ the Government on
the second sale of the same land, should be re-
funded to the Indians, and should be paid over in
money; and the Committee on Indian Affairs
have determined that it shall not be paid to either
portion of the tribe separately, but mat it shall be
; paid to the whole tribe. This is a succinct state-
ment of the whole case. I be<r leave to read to
the House this document which I hold in my
hand, with some commentary upon it. m order to
make it more plain. It is short, and if this House
is disposed to do justice, there will be interest
enough manifested to hear it read.
With some parts of this report I do not concur.
I think they are not consistent with a just con-
clusion from the facts of the case, but I will point
them out as I go on. It is fiom the Secretary of
the Interior. It is dated the 6th of July, 1852*
only a few days ago. It was completed first in
April last; but some errors were discovered in it,,
and I returned it for correction, and it now comes
dated only a few days ago. It says:
I have the honoi to transmit to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs of the House of Representatives the accom-
panying papers, relating to a claim oi the Shawnees of
Ohio. >n winch I find the facts to be as follow?-:
" On the 4th of January. I7i.'3, Baron Carondalet, in be-
half of the Spanish Government, gave permission l>yc«ant
to .Lewi? "Laramier to settle with the J)elaurarrs andShaw-
nccs with j ti the province of Louwana, upon the
banks of the Mississippi nvei. fiom the Missouri to the
Aikansa^. with the undorstandms *hat the land? selected
were to 1/e conquered as vacated imun their removal there-
from."
They were to have the lands so long rs they
lived upon them, but it was to be considered va-
cant as soon as they removed fiom it.
u Rv virtue of tins Kmnt, a ti act of land noar Csdo Cfi-
laideau, twenty five miles square, was taken po^sei'ion of
by the two tribe?, who, for a time, occupied it jotntlv, mi4
in the year 1315 the Belaw.u es abandoned it, leaving the
Slmwnees the solo occupants.
" In the sixth section o-t the tieaty made by the United
States with France on the o'Otli of April, IS03, by which the
Piovince of Louisiana was added to the United States, it
was stipulated that such treaties and ait'oles- as cxivted be-
tween sfyam and any Indian tube should be ob-ei\ed by
the United States."
Now we come directly to that portion which
relates to the matter of dispute>and I ask your
especial attention:
" On the 7th of ISiovember, 1820, the United States ere-
cted into a treaty with thc.sc Indians by the name of the
Khawnees of >lis&oun, by which the lattm ceded and 10-
hnqmshed to the former the lands abovementioned, in
consideration of a sift t® them, and ThoM_> of the s-mne name
in Ohio, who rnnjht thereafter emigrate tn the west of the
Mississippi of a tract equal m extent to fifty rm!e-< square,
situated west of the Mississippi, and designated brim-tea
and bounds , wnh the prov^o, that if, upon expioi ation?
said land-* «honld not, by a delegation of the tribe, be
deemed suitable, an equal extent of territory should be as-
signed them on the Kansas river, we^t of tfle boundary of
the i\Ii>souri.
" It was finally determined to settle them on the Kama*,
and the Missouri Shawnee* were removed there m 1828."
It will be perceived at once that fifty miles
square on the Kansas river was bought and paid
for by the Missouri Shawn ees, and the United
States got the lands which the Missouri Indians
had occupied, between the Missouri and Arkansas
rivers, near Cape Girardeau.
"There is no evidence to show that this tribe was, until
this time, associated in any manner with the Shawneea of
