1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21?
cessfully assailed in character or conduct. A
leader in stormy times, a governor in a state of
anarchy, misfortune has overwhelmed him; but
the love of his country and the respect and ad-
miration of mankind attach to him.
We have asked him to come here. We have
invited him to our shores. The question now is,
Are we going to turn our backs on him now?
Shall we not sympathize with those movements ?
May we not, as public and as private men, express
our own feelings and the feelings of our constitu-
ents in relation to him ?
For my part, I see no reason, public, private,
or political, why an expression of this feeling
should not be made by the American people and
Government: none whatever. The exiled Gov-
ernor of Hungary does not come here merely as
the champion of his country's independence,
though in that character he is entitled to the sym-
pathy and regard of every lover of liberty. But
he comes here as the representative of a sacred
cause—of a great and glorious cause, involving
human rights in every nation of the globe. He
comes here as that representative; and may we
not, under these circumstances, receive him as
such ?
The insurrection of Hungary was no ordinary
case. Had Hungary made her effort against the
Austrian Government, and been put down by
that Government, however much we might have
regretted the result, we could have had nothing to
say on the subject. But she had defeated Aus-
tria. The Austrian capital was taken, and the
Emperor of Austria was compelled to fly from
the seat of his power. Hungary would have
maintained her independence, so far as we are able
to judge, but for the interposition of Russia. What
does Russia do ? In a struggle in a portion of a
country to maintain independence, she imports
her armies there and puts down the efforts of the
Hungarian people. She intervenes by the
" armed hand;" and the American people and
Government are to have 110 right to say that they
are sorry for Hungary ! Russia may spread her
Cossacks over Europe, and restore the iron yoke
of Austria and despotism, and yet we on this side
of the Atlantic, are to have no right to express
sympathy with the millions who are undergoing
the trial there which we have undergone here!
Providence conducted us to a happy'issue, and I
believe that the same Providence will eventually
conduct them to the same issue.
The Senator from Georgia talks about "pre-
cedents." You cannot start a single proposition
here but some one must turn to the Journals and
see what has been done before. Some chimera—
some imaginary evil that may happen a thousand
years hence suggests itself. You are told to stop,
for there is no "precedent" for your course. I
came here to think for myself. They say this is
an age of progress. I am rather an old man my-
self, and I have found it to be an age of progress.
I, for one, have progressed pretty well, and 1 hope
to live long enough to see still further progress.
I am for expressing our opinions on this subject.
I am for receiving Kossuth as the guest of the
nation. I am for giving to him an imposing and
solemn reception—one that will redound to our
own credit, and be useful to the struggling mil-
lions of the globe.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
is a most adroit parliamentary tactician. That we
all know. We all know perfectly well that many
times when propositions came up he seemingly
supported them, while he had the adroitness to
tack a little tail to it, something or other which he
knew perfectly well would defeat the original
proposition, of which he seemed to be the friend.
Two years ago this whole subject was before the
Senate. I then expressed sentiments in rela-
tion to suspending diplomatic intercourse with
some of the nations of the Old World. I did not
believe that when a nation by its character and
conduct placed itself out of the pale of Christian
feelino-, we should hold political intercourse with
it. I°would not sit down to count the cost of such
suspension. I would not go in to any arithmeti-
cal calculation of its effect in dollars and cents;
but I would cut the strings of political mtercouise
at once. This matter was all gone over two years
ago—1 need not renew it at this time. When that
proposition for suspending diplomatic intercourse
with Austria was before us, the^ honorable Sena-
tor from New Hampshire said, in his strong and
flowing language, that he was in favor of it, and
allthat kind of thing, and then moved an amend-
ment to include Russia. He knew perfectly well
that that would defeat the proposition. I will not
say what lyas his motive, though we all know it
perfectly well. If the gentleman had succeeded
m having Russia included, other nations would
,hav"e been brought in, and thus the original reso-
lution would have been certainly defeated. The
honorable gentleman then spoke in most eloquent
terms of the terrible condition of those, two Gov-
ernments, and the necessity of cutting off inter-
course with them; and yet his amendment was
precisely calculated to defeat the whole object.
Now, what has the gentleman done here? We
have got another practical proposition before us—
a proposition to receive a guest of the nation
whom we have invited here. What does the gen-
tleman do? He proposes to tack to that an
abstract declaration of no practical effect, and per-
haps it was not intended to have any. There is
not a man within these walls that does not know
what the gentleman means perfectly well., He
means to bring up the old question of slavery,
and he means by this declaration to defeat the
present resolution, for he knows it cannot pass
with such an amendment.-
I am, therefore, opposed to this abstract decla-
ration as to the rights of man, though I believe in
my soul I am just as good a friend to them as the
gentleman from New Hampshire. But he knows,
and we all know, that such a declaration as this is
intended to be a pronunciamiento of the American
Government against the institution of slavery, se-
cured by the Constitution. He knows it cannot
pass. He knows it should not pass. He knows
we have no power to pass such a thing with such
a view. When a proposition comes up of any
practical description, in which the rights of man
are concerned, I will go as far as any gentleman.
But a proposition—I will not say intended, for
that is un-Senatorial, otherwise I should—evidently
having only the effect of throwing the firebrand of
slavery into this Hall, renewing the agitating dis-
cussions which have subsisted for years, and
which have now in some measure been happily
quelled, should meet with the reprobation of every
Senator. There is no excuse for it. It does no
good to the original proposition, of which the hon-
orable gentleman professes to be a supporter; for,
if adopted.it would defeat that proposition. He
knows that as well as I do. While I shall vote
for the proposition of the honorable gentleman
from Mississippi, I shall vote against the amend-
ment suggested by the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, for the reasons I have stated,
because it would be regarded as a declaration on
the part of the Government against the institution
of slavery in the Southern States.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would remind
gentlemen that the amendment which has been dis-
cussed for some time has not been offered, and is
not before the Senate. The amendment pending
is to fill the blanks with "three" and "five,"
respectively.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am opposed to this
resolution, Mr. President, and I want to assign
the reasons which induce me to give the vote
which I intend to give. In the first place, it seems
to me to be the introduction of a subject into the
Congress of the United States, which does not
properly belong to the functions of the body.
And in addition to that, it seems to me to be the
introduction of a proposition upon which we are
necessarily destitute of the proper information to
enable us to come to a correct conclusion. Now,
sir, what practical effect can our decision, the one
way or the other, in regard to this resolution have,
in a legislative sense, upon the interests of our
constituents? None whatever. But how, in the
other aspect of the question in which I have pre-
sented it, are you qualified to decide upon the
merits and actions of all foreigners within their
own countries in reference to pending revolutions
there, and to come to an accurate conclusion as to
whether they ought to be complimented or not ?
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I would ask my
friend whether lie did or did net formerly vote for
the resolution expressive of sympathy for Kos-
suth r He was very well informed at that time it
seems.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Perhaps I might retort
on my friend, and ask why he did not answer the
question of my friend behind me, before putting
one to me, and point out the battle-field where,
Kossuth distinguished himself. But I shall pre-
sent it all in due time. The aspect of the case which,
I now suggest, is, that if this is to bs a precedent,
to operate-in all time to come to justify the Qoft-
gress of the United States in taking up the matters!
of every distinguished foreigner, and m going into
their respective claims to be complimented by.it,'
it is a subject upon which, in its very nature, we
perhaps are little qualified to decide. Some, with
the great reading of my friend froih Mississippi,
[Mr. Foote,] maybe thoroughly acquainted with
all the political and military movements of the
country m which the revolution may, be pending,.
But there may be others of us who are less in-
formed, who have less acquaintance with the
books to which he has referred us; and thus we
may not have that accurate information upon
which to decide whether the compliment ought to
be given or not. But every Senator must perceive,
that if we commence the system of complimenting
foreigners for distinguished services in their own
country in behalf of human liberty, there is no
end; there is no limit to the exercise of this power,.
from this time forth forever And that,brings up.
a matter of the highest importance to tie Ameri-
can people. The Senator from Michigan (Mr.
Cass] foresaw the bearing of this whole subject
two years ago, at the time he introduced a cele-
brated resolution, for which I proposed to substi-
tute an amendment.
If you set this example, my word for it, you ;
legitimate that intervention in the affairs of other i,
nations which has been hostile to the genius of(
our Government and to the practiceof every Ad- !
ministration from Washington down to this day. \
You run counter in that to the very recommenda-'
tion of the message which we heard read yester-
day, and thus an example is to be for the first
time set in the history of our Government by
which the doctrine of intervention in the affairs of
all the nations of the earth is to be tolerated and
legitimated. You give aid and assistance by
countenance and by commendation. How long
is it, after you begin your aid and assistance by
words, before you must carry it out by deeds?
•How long are you to talk without acting? Howl
long are you to express sentiments, fold your)
arms, gnd not carry those sentiments into prac-i
tice ? It is idle on the part of the American Con-
gress to talk', to sympathize, to express abstract
sentiments, unless m the progress of things they
intend to execute their declarations. I have the •
authority of the distinguished Hungarian himself '•
for all this. I have not been an inattentive ob-
server to the progress of things. I have looked
whenever I could into the declarations of all dis-
tinguished men. I see that Kossuth, in a recent
speech which he has made, says your sympathies,
your idle declarations in words amount to nothing'
unless you can act. True, he says " I do hot
call upon you to go to war, but I want you to
intervene against in terrell ti®n; I want you to say
to thosewho will intervene, 'Hands off;' and when
you make that declaration I want you to act in
reference to it."
Now, Mr. President, I say, simple and insignifi-
cant as a mere compliment generally seems to be,
although it is very grateful to the heart, the
amount of dollars and cents in paying the bill of a
distinguished foreigner you have already legiti-
mated in the case of the Turkish envoy. True, I
did not vote for it. I thought it a bad example
and voted against it. But so far as the mere dol-
lars and cents are concerned, we have aprecedent;
we have what the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Dawson] seemed to call for. But you have never
yet interfered in the affairs of nations by the de-
claration of a sentiment which might ultimately
call for action. I ask the American Congress he-
fore they take this step, to consider well what
may be its ultimate consequences. If I apprehend
aright the nature of our institutions, they were
not formed for any such purpose. If I know the
Constitution of the United States, under which
we happily live, it contains an imbodiment of
general powers for national purposes; and if we
confine ourselves legitimately and strictly to the
execution of those powers, we shall follow out the
system, the example, the practice of our fathers,
and not intervene by word or deed in the affairs
of any nation in the world. It is utterly impossi-
ble that the nations of the earth are so ignorant as
not to know the sentiments that actuate every
