03$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Mr. E: I move to reconsider the vote on the
adoption of the resolution. I do not propose to
discuss it, as the gentleman from Kentucky is pot
now in his seat. I make the motion to reconsider,
because the form of the lesolution is unusual. No-
officer ever has been called upon to certify,on oath,
ah official document to this House. 1 will not dis-
cuss the motion now, because the mover of the
resolution is not in his seat. I only make the
motion because! may have no other opportunity.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, at a subse-
quent part of the day, said: I rise to a privileged
question. During my absence this morning, the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans] moved to
reconsider the resolution passed at my instance on
yesterday; and at his suggestion I desire to strike
out the"words "under oath."
Mr. ElfcANS. I withdraw my motion to re-
consider.
There was no objection, and the words indicated
were stricken from the resolution.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. COBB, ordered that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands be discharged from the
further consideration of the following memorials
and petitions, and that they do lie upon the table,
viz:
A joint resolution of the General Assembly of
the State of Alabama, asking for an appropriation
of public lands, to aid in the establishment of an
hospital for insane persons, &c.;
The petition of citizens of Wyandott county,
Ohio, relative to lot No. 7, section 29, township
2, range 14 east, in the Wyandott reservation;
The petition of citizens of Georgia, praying for
a grant of land to the Alabama and Georgia rail-
road;
The joint memorial of the General Assembly of
the State of Alabama, asking for a graduation of
the price of public lands in said State;
The petition of William J. Ross, of William
Gantny, of the trustees of the East Alabama Fe-
male College, and of John Ashburn Ragan;
The petition of Illinois, asking for an extension
of the time for which preemptions are granted*,
and
The petition of William Nelson, of Morgan
county, Alabama.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers jn tnc case of the said
William Nelson, for the purpose of reference to one of the
Executive Departments.
On motion by Mr. COBB, it was
Ordered, That the Committee an Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
Frederick Dent, and that the game be referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of citi-
zens of Wyandott county, Ohio, reported a bill
to amend an act entitled " An act providing for
4 the sale of certain lands in the States of Ohio
* and Michigan, ceded by the Wyandott tribe of
4 Indians, and for other purposes;" approved 3d
of March, 1843.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. COBB. In accordance with the petition
of citizens of Wyandott county, asking that the
unsold lands in the Wyandott reservation he
brought into market, the Committee on Public
Lands have reported this bill. I desire to call the
attention of the Houfse for a moment to a few facts.
When this reservation was made, the General
Government required the property of the Indians
in this reservation to be valued. The valuation,
I am prepared to say, was excessively high, and
the General Government authorized a sale of that
tract of land at a less priee than the valuation.
A number of persons in that section of country
petition that the land be sold at $2 50 per acre.
The committee have had the matter under consid-
eration, and directed this bill for the sale of the
lands to be reported. The representative from
that section of the country told me that the tim-
ber has been cut off those lands and sold, and that
they are thereby much depreciated in value. Why
not have this bill put upon its passage, and brill"
these lands into market? The condition in which
these lands now are make them a great nuisance
to the citizens of that section of the country. If
the lands were sold at public auction, they would
probably bring §10 or $15 per acre. The bill I
have just reported, was prepared by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, to effect that
object. If the House will pass it, these lands
will be brought into market at once. The bill is
a short one, and I desire to have it read through,
with the view of putting it upon its passage. The
committee were unanimous in recommending the
passage of the bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have no ob-
jection at all to this bill being put upon its pas-
sage, more than any other. But I see it is inevit-
able that if the Committee on Public Lands are
allowed to put all their bills upon their passage,
as the gentleman from Alabama now proposes to
do with this one, the balance of the committees
will not be called during this Congress, and I
therefore move to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
it be printed.
Mr. EDGERTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Kentucky to withdraw that motion. There
is no real necessity for the reference. It is a very
simple bill, authorizing the sale of certain lands
in the State of Ohio. There can be no possible
objection to it on the part of anybody.
Mr. STANTON. The Committee on Public
Lands is the only committee that has reported for
several weeks, and the reason is, that they en-
deavor to put all the bills they report upon their
passage.
Mr. STANLY. Is not this discussion contrary
to order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is laboring
under a mistake.
Mr. STANLY. Is it not out of order, under
the order adopted by the House?
The SPEAKER. The only order taken by
the House was to pass, informally, the other busi-
ness, and to call the committees in their regular
order.
Mr. STANLY. I had not so understood it.
Mr. EDGERTON. If there could be any ob-
jection to this bill, I would not urge its passage
now, but there can possibly be no objection to it.
The question was then-taken on referring the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and, on a division, there were—
ayes 64, noes 37; no quorum voting.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers, which were ordered;
and Messrs. Orr and Watkins appointed.
Mr. COBB. I have no particular interest in
this matter, but I am certain, and the committee
are satisfied, that it is for the interest of the Gov-
ernment that this land should be brought into the
market.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Alabama how much of this land remains
unsold ?
Mr. COBB. One thousand and sixty-three
acres.
Mr. TAYLOR. I think there can be no objec-
tion to the passage of the bill.
Mr. COBB. It is the wish of the delegate from
that district, that these lands should be brought
into the market.
Mr. EVANS. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands whether there js any report
accompanying this bill ?
Mr. COBB. No, sir; there is no report, but it
is accompanied by a letter from the Commissioner
of Public Lands.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to' know where this land
is ?
Mr. COBB. It is the AVyandott reservation, in
the State of Ohio.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will state, for the inform-
ation of the gentleman from Maryland, and also
for the information of the House, that this land is
in Wyandott county, Ohio, and was ceded to the
United States by the treaty with the Wyandotts,
in 1843. There were improvements upon the
land, which were appraised, and sold to the United
States at the appraised value. The lands were
offered for sale at public auction,but the improve-
ments had been appraised so high that they were
not sold, neither have they been sold since, except
in limited quantities. Since the treaty of cession
to the United States, the improved lands have been
occupied by squatters. The fences and the tim-
ber have been taken off, and yet the lands will not
sell, neither will they sell at the appraised value.
The Commissioner of Public Lands being ap-
prised of the whole circumstances recommends
the sale as a matter of interest to the country, and
it is now proposed to offer the lands for sale at
public auction, like any other property, provided
that they shall not be sold for less than §2 50 an
acre.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would beg the gentle-
man from Ohio, when he has done, to move the
previous question, and let us decide this question
one way or the other.
Mr. EDGliRTON. If the gentleman from
Maryland will yield me the floor for that purpose,
I will do it.
Mr. EVANS. I never wish to throw difficul-
ties m the way of any bill, but I have seen so many
instances in this House where wrong has been
done, and where private rights have been inter-
fered with, by this hasty action, that I must object
to it. There has not been enough said as yet to
satisfy me that I ought to vote for the bill. I will,
however, call the previous question, and then other
gentlemen can vote for the bill if they please, but
1 shall certainly vote against it.
Mr. SWEETSER. I wish to say a word or
two in reference to these lands.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit that debate is
not in order after the previous question lias been
moved.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the previous question to have been moved.
Mr. EVANS. I moved it, but I will now with-
draw the demand.
Mr. SWEETSER. I desire to say that these
lands, to which my colleague refers, are within the
range of my professional practice. I have known the
country for more than thirty years, and am famil-
iar with all the facts which my colleague states.
I was among the persons who attended the sale of
these Wyandott lands soon after they were ceded
by treaty to the United States. They were with-
drawn at that time for some reason which I did
not understand. I am perfectly familiar with the
present condition of the improvements which have
been made upon those lands; and it seems to me
that the interests of the Government, as well as
the interests of the country where these lands are
located, all conspire to make this measure expedi-
ent and necessary. I have no hesitation in say-
ing, that if these lands were put up at auction,
after reasonable notice had been given,"they would
bring their full value. They are in the very best
part of Ohio, and are now in a condition to com-
mand as high a price as they probably will com-
mand for twenty years to come. I now move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to be now put; and the
question being put on referring the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, the
tellers (Messrs. Orr and Watkins) reported—
ayes 55, noes 70.
So the House refused to refer the bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and, having been engrossed, it
was read the third time.
The question now being, Shall the bill pass?—
Mr. RR1GGS demanded the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
Lands, then reported the following bills; which
were severally read a firstand second time by their
titles, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed,
viz:
A bill to authorize the school commissioner of
fractional township No. 1, range 10 east, in Ala-
bama, to locate one section of land for school pur-
poses, in lieu of lands to be relinquished; and
A bill to authorize the States in which the six-
teenth sections granted for school purposes lie, to
relinquish such of those lands as may be compara-
tively valueless, or unfit for cultivation, and to se-
lect other lands in lieu thereof.
