26
TlfE CONGRESSIONAL
Dee. 3,
American bosom. They know full well that we
are all Democrats; that we are all Whigs; and
that we are all Republicans. They know full
well that in the bosom of every American there is
a deep-seated principle in favor of the right of
popular representation and self-government. They
know full well that this lies at the foundation of
all our institutions, and that we will never give it
up for any consideration on earth. It is the prin-
ciple on which .our Government is based. It is
the principle on which our lives will at any
moment be staked. The nations of the earth
know that full well. They want no information
in regard to it. Your declarations here or else-
where will give them no new light in reference
to it.
Now when they know that, does it become us,
upon every revolution in every part of the world,
to manifest by an open declaration that we are
glad that Kossuth in Hungary has led a reform-
ing band and attempted to revolutionize the gov-
ernment under which he before lived? that we
will be glad when some revolutionary Cromwell
shall again rise in England and declare a Republic ?
that we will be glad when some Napoleon shall
put down n' French despot, and declare a Repub-
lic founded on the principle of the right of univer-
sal suffrage, after a while repealing it and getting
clear of it? Do all these declarations, as revolu-
tion after revolution happens on the face of the
earth, strengthen the great principle upon which
American institutions are based—the right of self-
government? In truth, sir, I do not conceive it
to be our mission. I am a nlan of progress, as
much so as the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass.] But the difference between him and me
is as to the mode of action by which to propel the
great, the magnificent, and the liberal governments
of the world. If I understand his progress, it is
to do it by war and conquest. He can swallow
Mexico without being injured. I have no faith in
that kind of progress. My system is to try and
enlighten the substratum of society; to make all
the nations of the world—the little boys and girls
of the world'—learn and understand their rights—
civil, political, and religious. When you can in-
doctrinate mankind by teaching them what their
rights are, and show them that the physical power
belongs to the multitude, you have the foundation
upon which to erect a pyramid of Republican gov-
ernment to enlighten the whole earth, just as ours
is doing. But you might as well attempt to make
a pyramid stand by inverting it, as to attempt by
war and conquest to establish a government. It
cannot be done. My idea of progress—and my
idea of the destiny of this Republic in reference
to the other nations of the world—is this: let us
evince that we can govern ourselves upon princi-
ples of justice; that we administer justice without
sale, denial, or delay, to every human being; and
by this course of conduct constantly hold up be-
fore mankind the broad example of Republican
government. If you can thus diffuse knowledge;
if you can thus enlighten the people—the subjects
of the other nations of the world—they will do
just what Kossuth and his companions have been
doing-—they will abolish the exemption of taxa-
tion in reference to the nobles; they will abolish
the privilege of the nobles to be exempt, except by
their own consent, to the judicial tribunals of the
country; thev will extend the right of suffrage;
and they will ultimately, from the knowledge
which they have, adopt their institutions accord-
ing to the circumstances by which they are sur-
rounded, and make them what they ought to be.
We have an example of the attempting to make
Republican or Democratic governments where the
people are not prepared for them, in South Amer-
ica, where there is little else than one military
despot after another. Now, who can say how
far Louis Kossuth is identified with the true
American principle ? No one.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. If the Senator
will allow me, I will answer the question from the
President's message.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I heard that read yes-
terday. It does not answer what I am after.
Who can tell me that Louis Kossuth in any speech,
in any vote, in any action of his life, has identified
himself with the true American, Democratic rep-
resentative principle, or with the Declaration of
American Independence—that to the masses be-
longs all political power; that the government is
formed for their use, for their benefit, and for their
happiness, and that theyhave at all times the
riglit to alter, modify, change, or repeal it?
Mr. 'FOOTE. I will state that Governor Kos-
suth said, in at least thrie speeches in England,
that he was a republican after the American model,
and that Washington was the great object of his
admiration and imitation. He hits said that
before all Christendom.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. He Has then an addi-
tional title to my admiration. But surely if
he has made that declaration in England, it was a
deelaration after the fact. I want to see the Dec-
laration of Independence at the time the war was
in progress. I want to see what they were fight-
ing for at the time. When he is in exile, when he
is m a country—England—where I admit human
liberty is sustained to a very great extent, and
when he is coming to a country like America, he'
would be very green indeed—if he intends to se-
lect it as his asylum and home, as I hope hemay—
he would be very green indeed, when making pub-
lic speeches, if he did not assert his love, his ad-
miration, his respect for the great men, and for
the institutions of the country in which he is abaut
to locate himself.
Mr. FOOTE. Governor Kossuth never said
that he intended to locate himself in America. He
said quite the contrary.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That does not change
the fact one iota. We have a declaration from
Kossuth after the fact. What I have said I re-
peat: If any gentleman can show me a Hungarian
Declaration of Independence—something upon
which that revolution was based, like the Ameri-
can Government, and point me to the page and
contents of it, I will receive the information with
a great deal of thankfulness. No such document
exists. I admit thesa reforms. They were great
reforms. They were getting clear of the effect of
feudal institutions like our own ancestors got clear
of them. They were great and glorious changes
for the people of Hungary. They helped to elevate
the masses; and I am glad of it. But that gov-
erraent, if I understand it correctly, had been a
government independent in its organization, gov-
erned by the Emperors of Austria as Kings of
Hungary connected with the Hungarian Diet.
The revolution broke out to sustain that state of
things, with the reforms which the Diet had made.
That is a short history of the matter, so far as I
understand it. It was not connected with any of
those democratic doctrines which are so dear to
the American heart; at least if it was, it was not
promulgated in any official shape to the world at
the time. The very fact that I present this view
of the subject, the very fact that other Senators
present other views of the subject, which views
conflict, show the utter impropriety of introducing
a resolution of this sort into the American Con-
gress. If this thing is to be tolerated as a prece-
dent, if this is a beginning without end, when-
ever anything of this sort comes before us, we
shall have to array ourselves in regard to the his-
tories of the day; we shall have to ascertain
whether the man performed his part in this battle,
or in this council chamber, to enable us to come
to a conclusion. Must we do all this?
One remark more. I believe there was a meeting
in Tammany Hall not long ago. That hall some-
times puts balls in motion, not "solitary and
alone," but in masses, that have a portentous
influence, and seem to me to be ominous of the
fate of my country. If I am correctly informed,
the very idea suggested by the Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Cass] two years ago, of interfering by
word, not yet by act 
Mr. CASS. 'Will the Senator allow me to set
him right? I said that cutting the strings of com-
munication with Austria was not an interference.
I do not claim the right to interfere. But I do not
say that I would not at the proper time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is ominous. He
did not say that he would interfere; but he will
not disclaim that he will at the proper time. That
is the Tammany notion, according to my idea.
Now, I say that if I should tell you, as a neigh-
bor of mine, I will not hold any further intercourse
with you for your conduct, that would be pretty
direct interference. I have attempted to show that
there may be interference by words. I come into
your family. I undertake to say, You have lec-
j tured this boy improperly, you have spoken a
! harsh word to your wife, you are acting very im-
' properly as a father and as a husband. That is
ah interference by word of mouth; it is an inter-
ference in domestic,, family matters. I have en-
deavored to show that this is an interference with
the nations of the world so far as. words are con-
cerned. This resolution expressly declares that
we are to compliment Kossuth. It makes it the
duty of the Committee " to communicate to him
assurances of the profound respect entertained for
him by the people of the United States, and to
tender to him, on the part of Congress, and in the
name of the people of the United States, the hos-
pitalities of the metropolis of the. Union." And
why all that? Because of his past actions? Inas-
much as you compliment him, you throw reproach
upon those with whom he was warring. The
question is, whether it is not interference by
words ?
And now to advert to this Tammany matter.
They have, as I understand, intimated that it be-
comes necessary to change the well-settled policy
of the country from the days of W ashington down,
that this doctrine of intervention is to supersede
that of non-intervention, which has subsisted from
the foundation of the Government to this time, and
for which doctrine, reiterated in his present mes-
sage, I compliment the President. I am opposed
to that change. I think the world and the Govern-
ment is not yet prepared for anything of the kind.
I am not for making idle declarations which we
are not to carry out. If we do intervene by word,
I am for intervening by action also. But I am not
for intervening in any way. I think the soundest
poiicy for any man, family, or nation, is to mind
its own business and let the business of other peo-
ple alone. If we can intervene in this sense of the
term in regard to Austria or England—and my
friend from Mississippi has given notice of his
resolution in regard to Smith O'Brien and his com-
patriots—we can perhaps take up the affairs of
Napoleon.
Mr. FOOTE. Do I understand the gentleman
as presenting any opposition to my O'Brien reso-
lution ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir. I do not know
how it will be presented. I hope when it comes
up it will be in such a shape that I can swallow it
like my friend [Mr. Cass] can swallow Mexico.
I think the doctrine which I have advanced
shows that if you can travel out of the United
States and go into Europe, much more can the
General Government go into the affairs of the
States. I have said from the beginning, that our
system divided the powers of government between
the National and State Governments. I have said
that certain subjects were local and domestic, that
certain others were foreign and national, and that
each government so managed its own affairs, and
were just as separate and distinct in regard to the
different powers under the National and State Con-
stitutions, as are this Government and the other
Governments of the world. Now, let this exam-
ple be set; let us go into the affairs of Europe,
and by expressing our opinions about European
systems, European men,and European measures,
and what reason is there that the American Con-
gress could not get up and say, we express our
opinions about State systems and State measures?
And if you can look at tyranny, as you denomi-
nate it, m any part of the world, do you not tol-
erate the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] whom I regard, in point of social inter-
course, with a good deal of affection and esteem,
although differing from him as to his political
views—do you not tolerate and encourage him to
get up and say, "I want to intervene a little; I
think Kentucky has acted rather tyrannically; I
think Georgia has rather a despotic system, and I
want to express my sympathy with the op-
pressed?"
Sir, I am against this whole measure. Have
we nothing to do but to talk away all our time on
resolutions of this sort? Can we say to the Amer-
ican people that we have nothing that we can
properly and usefully employ our time about, but
that we must be ranging over the world to hunt
up Kossuths, and O'Briens, and Napoleons, whom
we must either compliment or condemn? Look
at the Executive message! Look at the business
to which you can turn your attention, and that
profitably for the American people! Legislate!
We have plenty of subjects of much more im-
portance on which we can employ our time;
and it does seem to me that we ought not to
tolerate the introduction of resolutions compli-
