28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 3,
lution. It must go to the Committee of the Whole
under the rule of the House in reference to bills
appropriating morfey.
Mr. MEADE. This is a mere motion to make
an amendment to the resolution. That can be
done, and then it may be committed. I wish only
that my amendment be accepted by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,} which I am sure
he is willing to do, so as to make all warrants
assignable.
Mr. STEPHENS. The rule of the House is,
that there shall be no discussion of a bill making
appropriations until it shall have been referred to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to accept my amendment as a part of his
resolution.
The SPEAKER. I understand the resolution
contains an appropriation of money. Under the
rule it must go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand
the resolution, it does not make an appropriation
at all, and consequently the rule does not apply.
Mr. STEPHENS. Let the Clerk read it.
The resolution was then rend.
Mr. COBB. I think we can obviate the diffi-
culty in relation to this resolution by striking out
all except the first and fifth sections.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee- To avoid the
difficulty, I propose to stiike out all except the
first section: that simply construes the law so as
to make the warrants assignable; and I have no
objection to receive the amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] the object of
which is to make a different class of warrants as-
signable. Upon the resolution thus modified, I
demand the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
. question of order. I understand the gentleman
from Tennessee proposes now to modify this joint
resolution. The resolution, according to my un-
derstanding, is now the property of the House,
and it is not competent for him, on his own mere
motion, to modify or change it, any more than it
would be for me to do so. The resolution has
been offered and received by the House; passed
from his hands; read, I believe, a first and second
time, and is now upon its engrossment, or pro-
posed to be engrossed, or proposed to be passed.
You must come to the conclusion, that I have just
as much power over this resolution as the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,] and that it
is not competent for him to strike out, or add any-
thing to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is right; but
the Chair had supposed that there was a general
acquiescence.
Mr. JONES. I wish to call the attention of
the Chair and the House to the 45th rule. After
a motion js stated by the Speaker and read by the
Clerk, it shall be deemed to be in possession of
the House, but may be withdrawn at any time
before a decision or amendment. Now, sir, I
conceive my colleague has a right to withdraw his
proposition.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] will see that the rule referred
to contemplates that the mover of a proposition
shall have control over it until the House passes
upon it at some of its various stages. The reso-
lution has been read the first and second time,
and is now as much m the power of myself to
modify it as the mover; but it is not in the power
of either. It is as much my property as that of
the mover of the resolution; and as such, there
being a section in the bill that is material, as I
conceive, to my constituents, I object to the modi-
fication unless it is done in due form. It proposes
to strike out a section which I wish- to retain.
Mr. JONES called for the reading of the 45th
rule: and it was read, as follows:
" Aftct a motion is stated by the Speaker, or read by the
Clerk, it shall be deemed to be in possession of the House
but may be withdrawn at any time betore a decision "or
amendment."
Mr. JONES. When this proposition of my
colleague [Mr. Harris] was stated by the
Speaker, and read by the Cierk, it was m the
possession of the House. There has been no de-
cision upon this proposition—there have been no
amendments made to it by the House; therefore it
has not passed from under the control of my col-
jeague, the mover of it; and I hold that he now
has a right to withdraw it. He could withdraw
.it, then modify and introduce it under the notice
which he has heretofore given. I think there can
be no difficulty about it at all.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. My object is to
make these warrants assignable, and I am not par-
ticular as to the form or mode in which it may be
done. If it is competent for me to do so, I will
withdraw the resolution that I have offered,
change its form so as to retain the first section,
and move it again in the House. I would then
modify it accordingly.
Mr. JONES. With the permission of my col-
leaguej I will say he cannot propose to amend it if
it is a question of appropriation. Under the rules,
it must be first considered in Committee of the
Whole on the state of $ie Union. My colleague
has a right to withdraw it and present it in a
modified form.
Mr. OLDS. I ask for the execution of the order
! in respect to the drawing of seats.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to withdraw the reso-
lution I have offered.
Mr. BURT. I object to any further debate at
this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too
late for the gentleman to withdraw his proposition
and submit it in a modified form.
drawing for seats.
The SPEAKER. The order made yesterday
in relation to the drawing of seats was postponed
until half past twelve o'clock this day. The time
has now arrived for the execution of the order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to state to the
House that my colleague, [Mr. Gilmore,] a mem-
ber from Pennsylvania, has been detained in the
: State of Maine by the serious illness of his wife.
Under these circumstances, I wish to submit a
proposition that one of his colleagues may be per-
mitted to draw for him.
Mr. BOCOCK. I object to that proposition.
Mr. FLORENCE. My suggestion is, that one
of his colleagues from the State of Pennsylvania
be permitted to draw for him.
Mr. BOCOCK. One of my colleagues is also
absent. If we go into that matter at all, we should
include every.absentee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit that this is a very
peculiar case, on account of the serious illness of
Mr. Gilmore's wife.
Mr. BOCOCK. There are several other gen-
tlemen similarly situated.
The CHAIR. The execution of the order will
be proceeded with.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Almost every seat
here has the name of a member upon it; unless
members will vacate the"seats, and remain out of
them until their names are drawn and a selection
made, it will be almost impossible for them to
know the seats that are chosen, or those which are
vacant.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest, in j
execution of the order, that when a member draws !
his seat, he shall take a piece of paper, paste his j
name upon it, and keep the seat until the whole !
number of seats are drawn. The Chair earnestly
desires that each and every gentleman will feel it
his duty to observe the rule, in regard to draw-
ing of seats; otherwise we shall have inexplicable
confusion.
The order directing the process was then read.
It provided as follows:
" That the Cleik of the House place in a box the name of
each member and delegate of the House of Representatives |
on a s-cpai.itc piece of papei; that he then procuert in pres- j
price or the House to draw fiom paid bov,o p at a time, the ;
said pieces of paper; and as each is drawn, he shall an- I
i nounee the name of the membet or delegate upon it, who j
i shall then choose his seat for the present session, provided I
| that foefoie said drawing shall commence, the Speaker shall j
i came everv seat to be vacated, and shall see that every 1
J seat continues vacant until it is selected under this order. •
; And inasmuch as Mr. Darby, of Missouri, is confined at !
1 his lodgings m this city by reason of sickness, one of his ,
colleagues is authorized to select a seat for him when his j
name is drawn."'
The House then proceeded in the execution of !
the order. The members left their seats, and re- !
paired to the area in front of the Speaker's table, i
The names of the members, which had been
placed in the box, were drawn out, consecutively,
by one of the pages, until the process was thus
completed and seats chosen by all the members
present.
assignability of land warrants.
The SPEAKER stated that the resolution of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Harris] was
now in order.
APPOINTMENT OF STANDING COMMITTEES,
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a privileged
question, connected with the organization of the
House—if the House deem it necessary. I find
that it has been usual to authorize the Speaker,
by resolution, to appoint the standing commit-
tees of the House. I have examined the rules
with a view to determine the propriety of this
course, and while I have some doubts myself as
to the necessity of it, I propose to follow the in-
variable custom of the'House, and offer for adop-
tion the usual resolution, which is in these words :
Resolved, That the Speaker be authorized to appoint the
standing committees of the House.
Mr. WETGHTMAN. I ask the gentleman
from Illinois, before that resolution is acted on, to
allow me to offer a resolution in reference to the
printing of the President's Message.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state to the gen-
tleman from New Mexico, that that resolution will
probably lead to a discussion. The longest dis-
cussions we have had in the House have been in
relation to these very questions; sometimes they
have arisen upon one resolution, and sometimes
on another. The resolution I have offered is the
usual one, ahd will doubtless be disposed of in a
few moments.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must first ascer-
tain the character of the proposition submitted by
the gentleman from New Mexico.
Mr. HOUSTON. But it matters not what the
proposition is. The question I desire to present
is, whether it is not now the duty of the House
to recur to the joint resolution of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,] that being the
unfinished business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already an-
nounced that that is the first business in order, and
nothing can interfere with it, unless it be a ques-
tion of privilege.
assignability^f land warrants.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I understood
the Chair as deciding that it was not within my
power to modify the resolution which I offered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decided.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Then I move
to commit the resolution to the Committee of the
W hole on the state of the Union; and if the House
will indulge me, I will move immediately after-
wards that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then taken on the motion to
commit the resolution, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the resolution was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
newspapers for members.
The SPEAKER. The unfinished business of
yesterday is now in order, being the question
on the adoption of the following resolution as
amended:
Resolved, That the Clerk cause to be furnished to the
members of this House, during the present session, such
papers as they may direct, the expense thereof not to ex-
ceed the price of three daily papers to each member, from
the commencement of the session.
On this question the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution of Mr. Robbins as amended.
Mr. TUCK. Would a motion to amend that
resolution by substituting "$50" for "$30" be now
m order?
The SPEAKER. No amendment would now
be in order, as the resolution is under the opera-
tion of the previous question.
Mr. TUCK. Then I hope the resolution will
not be adopted.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution as amended, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 63, nays 139; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, W. Appleton, Averett,
