r1 —r
040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Mr, JOHNSON. I will yield to the gentleman
to make an explanation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I merely desire to say,
that if my vote upon this bill i_s to be considered
as a vote upon all the bills of this character which
are to be presented to this House, notwithstanding
Lam favorable to it, and to the principle which it
asserts, I must vote against this bill. I desire that
every bill of that character shall stand upon iis
own merits; and I am opposed to any combination
being formed in this House which will pass a bill
that has no merits in it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot let my friend make
a speech on this bill. He must pardon me. He
knows I would accommodate him as far, if not
further than anybody else.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I merely wish to explain
my own action upon this bill; but if the gentle-
man will not allow me, of course I will not press
the matter.
Mr. JOHNSON. Go ahead.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I said, sir, that I was in
favor of this system of making grants, which is
fast settling down into a policy of this Govern-
ment. But there are local objections to grants
which are asked for by certain bills which will be
presented to this House, and which I desire to
explain when they comeup; and if I am prevented
from making such explanation, by a combination
of votes that is to sustain the previous question
upon me, I must be excused if I resist it with all
the power and ability I possess.
Mr. JOHNSON, (resuming.) Now, I give
notice that 1 cannot yield any more.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman allow me
one moment for a question or two. I know he
will.
Mr. JOHNSON. How can I refuse that rev-
erend gentleman ? [Laughter.]
Mr, FOWLER. The gentleman from Arkansas
[Mr. Johnson] asks my friend here [Mr. Evans]
if he ever voted for one of these bills? Now, I
wish to put a question to the gentleman: Has he
ever voted for a bill to parcel out a portion of the
public lands to the old States?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; and never will.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FOWLER. Another question. It is well
known that the old States are willing to give lib-
erally to the new States. I am willing to vote for
these bills, provided we can have something like
reciprocity upon the part of the gentlemen from
the new States. [Laughter.]
Another question I wish to ask. Will the gen-
tleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] go for some
of these propositions to give to the old States, for
internal improvements, a portion of the public
Sands ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, I have seen one
proposition, in the hands of gentlemen, that I
would support; but I do not believe that it can ever
get into this House under favorable circumstances.
But this is irrelevant, and I do not know that I
should speak of it at all.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman tell u?
which proposition that is ?
Mr. JOHNSON. It is one, the paternity of
which is not claimed by any member of this
House, but it goes on and provides for a given
amount to each State, m proportion to her Repre-
sentatives and Senators.
Mr. FOWLER. I say in reply, that I am not
tenacious in legald to any one of these bills in
rarticular, but I am tenacious of the principle, and
would vote for these bills 011 the ground that we
should have what belongs to the whole country.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, the course I propose
to take is entirely an inoffensive one. We wish
to know if the House has settled, in their own
mind, whether they will pass this class of bills or
not; at least, to hear whether they will pass them
now or not. If they refuse to sustain the previ-
ous question, which I shall call for in conclusion,
upon the motion to put the bill upon its passage,
then it is plain that this bill must take the course
of others, and go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and thus lead to debate,
to continue, it is impossible to tell how long.
It would seem to indicate, if that course is ad-
mitted after so much debate has already been had,
that it is merely the old-fashioned method of ac-
complishing the defeat of a measure.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. One word.
When the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. John-
son] speaks of the debate which bills of this char-
acter have had in this House, I would ask him it
we have ever been in Committee of the Whole
upon any one of these bills ? or whether we have
had anything like a free and full discussion on the
merits of a bill of this character? And I say this
because the gentleman intimates that he shall re-
gard the vote which may be given upon the mo-
tion which he is aboutto make, as a test vote upon
this subject. For my part, I have feit that there
are merits in some of these bills, and I have been
willing to go into an examination of them in the
Committee of the Whole, where we examine all
bills of an important character, and wheie we
ought to examine this one.
Mr. JOHNSON. I must get through with the
few remarks I want to make. This bill is of the
same class with all the others that are before this
House, and which originated in this House. They
have debated the subject of the public lands, as
every gentleman is fully aware; they have deba-
ted one fixed system, and ill one fixed set of
words, such as compose these bills. If there is a
gentleman in this Hall who is not well acquainted
with these bills, it is solely because he has not
given to the subject any particular attention, and
could not have felt any interest in it. His vote is
fixed, and his mind is made up.
Mr. MEACHAM, (interrupting.) You have
declared that you are about to call the previous
question, to close debate, and now you cast reflec-
tions 
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not cast reflections
upon my friend from Vermont, [Mr. Meacham,]
or anybody else.
Mr. MEACHAM, (interrupting.) You say
we never examined these bills, because we would
not, and you know that they have not been print-
ed. We have not had any chance to do it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would be glad to accom-
modatemyfriend from Vermont, [Mr. Meacham.]
I have not cast any reflections. I disclaim any
such intention; and if the House considers that I
did, the gentleman will take from me a most
humble apology m the lace of the nation. [Laugh-
ter.]
1 want a vote upon the motion, and if it is not
agreed to, I shall not regard it as the death of the
bill, but as an indisposition of the House to pass
it. If the House will not sustain the previous
question, I take it for granted that they intend to
refer it, and therefore we will have to refer all of
this class that come up hereafter.
The Missouri bill, as I understand, was dis-
cussed nearly a month. The minds of the House
ought to be made up, if they are not. I therefore
move to put this bill upon its passage, and call for
the previous question; and I call upon the friends
of railroad bills to sustain it.
Mr. POLK." I believe the morning hour has
expired.
The SPEAKER. It has not quite expired.
Mr. POLK. Whether it has expired or not, I
move that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB. In the event that the House de-
termine to go into the Committee of the Whole,
where will this bill go ?
Mr. BISSELL. To the tomb of the Capulets.
The SPEAKER. It will go upon theSpeaker's
table, to come up in the fifth class of cases.
Mr. COBB. I would ask, if it is the pleasure of
the House to go into the Committee of the Whole,
i whether 
1 Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Is that question
debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
' Mr. COBB. A gentleman has a right to appeal
! to the House for unanimous consent. I would
j say to the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. John-
j son,] as this bill will go upon the Speaker's table,
! provided the House determine to go into the Com-
1 mittee of the Whole, if he will move to refer it,
; so that it may come up to-morrow, I will be much
! obliged to him.
| Mr. JOHNSON. With the consent of the
r House, I will withdraw the motion for the previ-
i ous question, and move to refer the bill to the
I Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. POLK. I wish the gentleman to move to
| recommit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
| on the state of the Union; and I will, therefore,
withdraw my motion for the purpose of allowing
1 him to do so.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw the call for the
previous question, and move to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let the bill be also printed.
Mr. ORR I renew the motion that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to make
an inquiry. Did either the gentlemen from Ala-
bama, or A rkansas move to commit the bill ? The
Chair heard no such motion, but the Clerk has
made the question to the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I made that
motion. I withdrew my call for the previous
question, and moved that the bill be committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
that motion without the consent, of the House.
The motion of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina supersedes it.
Mr. JOHNSON. My motion was made prior
to the motion of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear it.
The motion was then entered.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
The question was then taken 011 the motion of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,]
that the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and it was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole oh the state of the Union
upon the special order, the homestead bill, (Mr.
Hibbard in the chair.)
Mr. WILLIAMS being entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee during an hour in regard
to the earlier history of the slavery agitation, in
which he showed that he had uniformly voted with
General W. 0. Butler against the reception of
abolition petitions. He traced the history of the
agitation down to the present time, and maintained
that whatever might have been charged against
Mr. Fillmore's legislative course on this question,
he has been conservative in regard to it since his
advancement to the Executive chair. He touched
upon the subject of the Presidency and presiden-
tial candidates, and declared his intention to vote
1 for no man for that office who was not sound on
the slavery question—who was not in favor of the
compromise measures passed by the last Congress.
He did not believe that General Scott had yet
given any expression in favor of those measures;
and however that might be, he did not believe that
if he were nominated for the Presidency, that he
could possibly carry the State of Tennessee.
Mr. INGERSOLL next obtained the floor, and
spoke an hour in defining the position of the Dem-
ocratic party in Connecticut on the slavery ques-
tion; maintaining that it occupied the conserva-
tive and constitutional ground. He criticised and
commented, with some severity, upon the course of
the representative from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ran-
toiil,] upon that question. He touched upon the
question of slavery in States and Territories of the
Union, and denied that Congress had any power,
| under the Constitution, to interfere with it. He
alluded to the doctrine of secession, and viewed
it—whether as a constitutional or revolutionary
right—as a mere abstraction, and as such, woulS
not discuss it; but in a practical view, he ques-
tioned the power of the Federal Government to
force a State to submission when once determined
upon secession. He examined the question of
slavery as it came up in the debates of the con-
vention which formed the Federal Constitution,
and showed that the New England States voted
for the continuation of the slave trade, while Vir-
ginia voted in the negative. He argued that the
course of the Abolitionists of the North had
brought the Union on the verge of dissolution. He
alluded to the conduct of England, in connection
with the abolition question, and showed that her
policy had been, after slavery had become unprofit-
able to her in the West Indies, to abolish it there,
and to stimulate the agitation of the question here,
to compass her designs against the peace and pros-
| perity of this country. To strengthen his position,
he called attention to the course of Thompson, the
member of Parliament, who recently traversed the
East, making abolition speeches. He alluded to
