1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
the condition of the poor of England, and particu- I
larly in the district, which Thompson represented |
in Parliament, and in Ireland; ana showed, by way 1
of contrast, that their condition was more wretched
than any portion of the negro population in the
United States. He concluded oy expressing the
belief that the people of Connecticut were sound
on the compromise question; and read the resolu-
tions of a public meeting held in his own district,
in favor of sustaining the compromise measures,
and against the agitation of the slavery question
in any form.
Mr. FOWLER then occupied the floor an hour
in defining the position of Massachusetts on the
slavery question, contending that the great mass
of the people there were opposed to the extension
of slavery; and that they would at the proper
time make it apparent. He commented upon the
nature of the Federal Government, maintaining that
its ultimate purpose was the enfranchisement of
man. He discussed the policy of making grants
from the public domain. He was in favor of
making generous grants to the new States for the
purposes of education and internal improvements;
but upon a principle of reciprocity, he should in-
sist that like grants be made to the old States in
proportion to their representative population. He
believed that it would be a wise policy also to
make grants to actual settlers, for purposes of
cultivation. In such form, he would support the
bill. He touched upon the tariff question, and
advocated the doctrine of protection to the labor
of this country. In conclusion, he touched upon
the subject of our foreign policy in regard to the
doctrine of intervention, and saw no reason why
we should change it. He also alluded to the rumor
that a fleet had been sent to Japan to force her into
commercial relations with this country. To such
a policy he was opposed. He would be gratified
at the extension of our commerce, but not by com-
pulsory process; and should vote against all ap-
propriations for naval purposes, until he was satis-
fied that this rumor was unfounded.
[See Appendix for these speeches.]
Mr. PORTER next obtained the floor, but
yielded to j
Mr. EVANS, who moved that the committee |
rise; which motion was agreed to. [
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the ;
state of the Union generally under consideration, 1
and particularly House bill No. 7, for the promo- ;
tion of agriculture, and for other purposes, and '
had come to no conclusion thereon. '
Mr. MILLSON moved thattheHouse adjourn;
which motion was agreed to. i
So the House adjourned to meet to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
NOTICE OF RILLS. 1
Mr. STRATTON gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief ofJohn L. Cooper.
Mr. BARCOCK gave notice of his intention to ask leave
to introduce a bill to provide for the erection ol a marine
hospital at Oswego, New York. 1
PETITIONS, &c. |
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented !
under the rulp, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. MINER: The memorial of Lewis Wlntlock, ,
asking remuneration fiom Congress for having discovered
a remedy for the "potato rot."
Also, the memorial of Benjamin Nixon and 54 othei cit-
izens of Pittsford, Vermont, piaymg that the public lands
may be <ri anted to actual settlers.
By Mr. MOREIIEAD : The memorial of I^aac Thacker
and 'other*, citizens of North Carolina, protesting against
an extension of the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The petition of H. C. !
Holman and others, citizens ol' Lincoln county, for the ,
establishment of a post route from Fayetteville, Lincoln
county, Tennessee, to Tullahoma, in Coffee county, of
said State.
By Mi GORMAN : The memorial of J. T. Moffatt and
others, praying Cor a In-weekly post route between Tei re
Haute, Indiana, and lUoonnngton.
Al-o, the memorial ot R. L. Laekridge, assistant marshal
of Sullivan county, Indiana, praying additional compensa-
tion for taking the census.
By Mr F1TCII: The pi'tmon of Henry John,-on, asking
Congress to take into eoiwdoiation a machine ofiminven- ;
tion tor recording the \ea* and na\s.
Bv Mr. KING, of Rhode Ifland : The memorial ofGeorae ,
W. Greene, asking the arista.ice of Congress tor the pub
Jicati )n of the coiu'-piuidenei'nnd papers of Majoi General •
Nathaniel Gieene, by subseubing for a limited number of
CO pie*- theieof.
Mr ANDRRWeJ: The peutimt of Thoma* Frazer,
praying foi a pension on account of injunes received while
in the nnlitai v semce m the war of 1812.
Also, the petition ofJohn Glidden and others, praying for
the passage of an act prohibiting the carriage of freight and
passengers for hire, by Government steam-vessels.
By Mr. FITCH : The remonstrance of John Kistler, John
Reynold*, and other citizens of White county, Indiana,
against a renewal of the Wood worth patent.
By Mr. FOWLER: The remonstrance of Rufu* Clapp,
James S. Brigtrs, and 110 others, citizens of Plymouth
county, Massachusetts, against the ree tablishment of flog-
ging in the Navy.
By Mr. SIBLEY : The petition of J. W. North, Isaac At-
water, and63 others, citizens of Minnesota Territory, pray-
ing for a reduction and modification in the rates of postage
on newspapers and periodicals, so as to facilitate the diffu-
| t &ion of knowledge throughout the Union.
' j By Mr. COTTMAN : The petition of George Handy, John
j; Dennis, Robert E. Wiikins, Levin Woolford, and 90 others,
: citizens of Somerset county, Maryland, praying Congress to
pa*s an act to establish a port of entry for licensing vessels,
at Deal's Island, in said county and State.
By Mr. MACE: The petition of J. S. M'Clelland, John
Brown, and others, asking for a post route from Michigan-
town, Clinton county, Indiana, to La Fayette, via Frankfort,
Jefferson, Wmship's Mills, and Dayton.
By Mr. FENNIMAN: The memorial of David Smartand
128 others, citizens of Michigan, a&kmg a giant of land to
aid m the construction of the Oakland and Ottawa Raii-
i road.
j By Mr. ROBBINS : The petition of A. M. Nixon, Pat-
I rick M. Ghnehey, and 106 others, citizens of Manayunk,
j Philadelphia county, showing that the present depressed
I condition of their manufacturing and mechanical interest is
| caused by the operation of the present tariff laws, and they
; earnestly recommend a modification of said laws, so as to
| promote the general interests of the country at large. They
I state that, in the present tariff of duties, in many instances,
': the raw material pays a higher duty than articles lndnufac-
-1 tured from the same matenal. They also recommend that
, i dye stuffs be admitted duty free.
| By Mr. HENN: The petition of James A. Cunningham
11 and 52 others, citizens of Iowa, asking a grant of land to
; I aid in the construction of a lailroad from Burlington to the
! | Missouri nver.
11 Also, the petition of A. R. Sparks and 16 others, upon the
, j same subject.
; | Also, the petition of John Linden and 27 others, upon the
;! same subject.
Also, the petition of William J. Cooper and 9 others, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of C. C. Tinsleyand 7 others, for alike
object.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 1, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate calling for
information in relation to the expediency of re-
I pealing or modifying the act of June 30,1834, con-
' cernmg tonnage duty on Spanish vessels trading
' between the United States and the islands of Cuba
j and Porto Rico; which was referred to the Commit-
! tee on Commerce, and ordered tobeprinted.
i PETITIONS, ETC.
j Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
■ Hillsborough county, New Hampshire, remon-
! strating against the extension of "Woodworth's
| patent for a planing machine; which was referred
j to the Committee on Patenfsand the Patent Office.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the remonstrance of
j A. Sehartz and other citizens of Illinois against
I the extension of "Woodworth's patent for a plan-
1 mg machine; which was referred to the Committee
l on Patents and the Patent Office.
| Also, a petition of citizens of Illinois, remon-
; strating against the extension of the patent of A.
| and Z. Parker for improvements in water-wheels;
\ which was referred to the Committee on Patents
; and the Patent Office.
' Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of John W.
Phillips, praying indemnity for a vessel destroyed
by the United States troops during the late war
With Mexico; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Mr. FELCH presented documents in relation
to the claim of Christopher Knowlton to a pension
for services during the last war with Great Britain;
which were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAWSON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the Territory of New Mexico, in-
structing their Delegate in Congress to procure the
passage of a law authorizing two regiments to be
raised for the defense of said Territory, and the
establishment of arsenals therein; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented three petitions of citizens
of Buffalo, asking Congress u> pass laws securing
a reciprocity of trade between this country and
Canada; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, a petition of citizens of Buffalo, New York,
praying the extension of Woodworth's patent for
aplaning machine; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Offiee.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented the me-
morial of D. M. Smith, praying to be allowed the
privilege of selecting pine timber lands for educa-
tional purposes on certain conditions; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
Charles G. Merchant, an officer of the Army,
praying the settlement of his accounts in the Com-
missary Department on just ami equitable prin-
ciples; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SOULE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Louisiana, in favor of the construction
of harbors, and the placing of buoys, &c.> on the
mail route from Mobile to New Orleans; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Lee county, Iowa, praying the appoint-
ment of a commissioner, to settle claims to land
in the Sac and Fox Half-breed reservation in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES'.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize the sale of the
reserved cedar lands in Clarke county, Alabama;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Thomas J. Page, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was read and passed
to the second reading.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Eliza Ann
Ellison, only child and heir of David Lund, pray-
ing a pension for the services of her father'in the
last war with Great Britain, submitted an adverse
report thereon.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads, to which was referred the
memorial of Asa Whitney,asking a grant of land
to enable him to construct a railroad to the Pacific
• ocean, have had the same under consideration,
and a majority of the committee have instructed
: me to report a bill. Although I do not fully con-
, cur in the bill which I am instructed to report—
the principal objection which J have to it is, that
I believe a bill more likely to receive the sanction
1 of Congress, and effect the object of building the
' road, could be framed—after the bill is printed it
; is my purpose to ask the attention of the Senate to
• it at an early day, as a matter of vast importance
I to the whole country, and more especially to the
i frontier section located upon the Pacific ocean, at
; which time it is possible I may offer some amend-
; ments.
The bill was read a first time by its title and or-
i dered to a second reading. Tt is a hill to set apart
■ and sell to Asa Whitney, of New York, a portion
of the public lands, to enable him to construct a
I railroad from Lake Michigan or the Mississippi
1 river to the Pacific ocean; also, to set apart and
■ sell to Samuel L. Selden, Robert T. Scott, and
\ their associates, a portion of the public lands, to
! enable them to construct a railroad from a point
on the west bank of the Mississippi river, not
north of the neighborhood of Memphis, Tennes-
see; to run thence to the Rio del Norte and the
Pacific ocean, at Santiago or San Francisco, or
other point suitable for the purpose.
Mr. GWIN. I give notice that when that bill
comes up for consideration, I shall move to strike
out the name of Asa Whitney, and of every other
individual named in it.
Mr. RUSK. There is an error in the title of
the bill. The latter part of the bill provides for a,
route south, and has no names in it at all.
ADDITIONAL MEMBER OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire, if it is in accord-
ance with the rules of the Senate, to ask that an
additional member be appointed to the Committee
of Claims, in consequence of the protracted ill-
ness and consequent absence of the Senator from
: Indiana, [Mr. Whitcomb,] who is a member ^of
! that committee. I do not know what tie practice
i or usage of the Senate, in a case of this kind, has
