942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
E
been; but there is a great deal of business before
the "committee, and the illness of the honorable
Senator from Indiana—which we all so much re-
gret—prevents him from serving upon it. If it is
in accordance with the practice of the Senate, and
it can be done with propriety, I wojuld be greatly
pleased; and -1 .am directed by the committee to
express their desire for it, if the Senate would
give us an additional 'member. If in order,.there-
fore, I- move that an additional member be ap-
pointed for the Committee of "Claims.
The PRESIDENT. It is in the power of the
Senate, at any time, to increase the number of
which a committee is composed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRGDHEAD. I move that the Chairap-
point the additional member.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent.
No objection being: made, Mr. Adams was ap-
pointed by the Chair.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. HALE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution for the relief
of those mechanics who have come to the city of
Washington for the purpose of building the ex-
tension to the Capitol on invitation of the officers
of the Government of the United States, and who
have been for a long time out of work by the neg-
lect of Congress to make appropriations therefor.
Mr. MALLORY gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to grant preemption
rights to lands on the Florida Keys.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FELCH, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
grant preemption rights to certain settlers on an
island called the Grand Cheniere, in the south-
western land district in Louisiana, and for other
urposes; which was read a first and second time
y its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SHIELDS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for
the relief of Thomas Flanagan; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Qommittee on Pensions.
USE OF CONGRESSIONAL LIBRARY BY DIS-
TRICT JUDGES.
Mr. RHETT asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution authorizing the President of the Senate
and Speaker of the House of Representatives to
grant the use of the books in the Library of Con-
gress to the justices of the circuit court and crim-
inal courts of the United States'for the District of
Columbia.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time. It provides that the President of the Sen-
ate and Speaker of the House of Representatives,
for the time being, be authorized to grant the use
of the books in the Library of Congress to said
justices on the same terms, conditions, and re-
strictions that members of Congress are allowed to
use them.
Mr. RHETT. I would merely say that I have
consulted with several gentlemen, members both
of this and the other House, and I think there is
no objection to imparting to the justices of the
circuit and criminal courts of this District the
privilege of our Library. It is now extended to
the judges who are here, as well as to the Soli-
citor of the Treasury, to the heads of departments
and bureaus. If there is no objection, I hope the
resolution will now be read a third time and
passed.
The Senate proceeded to consider the joint reso-
lution as in Committee of the "Whole.
Mr. HALE, i want to suggest to the Senator
that, as the resolution stands, it will have to be
renewed every Congress by the President and
Speaker; whereas the privilege might be granted
permanently.
Mr. RHETT. The Senator will find by exam-
ining the resolution that it is intended to be per-
manent; the leave is to be granted from time to
time,
Mr. HALE. That is my objection. I wanted
to know why we should not make it permanent.
The PRESIDENT. It does provide for the
privilege being permanent.
Mr. CHASiS. It seems to me that this resolu-
tion ought to go to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and receive their consideration.
xYlr. Committee on the Library.
Mr. CHASE. Weil, I have no objection to
that reference. I move to refer it to tue Commit-
tee on the Library.
- The motion was agreed to.
SALARIES OF DISTRICT JUDGES.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, which was submitted by Mr. Chase,
on March 3U:
Jtesolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency 01' making the sal-
ary ot each jud^e ol a district court ol the United States
equal to that 01 any asbOeiatejUfctice ot the supreme court
Oi the fcJtate m which the district cout t may be established.
Mr. FISH. I would suggest to the honorable
Senator from Ohio to strike out the word "asso-
ciate." In the State of JNew York we have no
associate justice of the supreme court; they are
all justices. Our superior court is one ot iocai
jurisdiction. 1 presume the Senator intends the
highest court in the State.
Mr. CHASE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is also the case in sev-
eral of the States. In my State, the oldest judge
acts as elnei justice, and I believe it is so in sev-
eral of the States. X would suggest that the alter-
ation which is named should be made.
Mr. ilHETT. it is the same thing in South
Carolina. Judges below sometimes actin a higher
court. They are judges of appeal as well as of
circuits. Thereioie me resolution of the Senator
from Ohio would not touch our State at all.
iUr. BORLAiVD. X do not think it makes a
great deal of difference as to the wording of the
resolution now. It will be a matter for tiie Judi-
ciary Committee to consider. They aj;e instructed
to inquire into the expediency ot doing what is
named in the resolution. States differ very much
cis to their judges. hi my State we have three
judges of the supreme court; one is called the chief
justice, the other associates; yet the salary of all
is alike. You will find hardly any two States
agreeing in that respect. This will be a matter
for the consideration of the Judiciary Committee;
and I do riot see that it will make much difference
as to how the resolution.is worded.
Mr. BADGER. We have nearly the same case
in North Carolina. Our supreme court has three
judges, who are elected by the Legislature. They
are elected as judges of the supreme court; and
they select from among themselves the one who is
to be called the chief justice.
Mr. CHASE. 1 attach no especial consequence
to the precise wording of the resolution. It is
merely one of inquiry, and of course was worded
with no special design but to refer the subject to
the Committee on the Judiciary. That committee
will undoubtedly take into consideration all the
circumstances which have been presented by dif-
ferent Senators, and will probably, as the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] who is a member
of the committee, suggested the other day, adopt
some general rule. The object of the resolution
is to direct their attention to the establishment of
a general rule. That may be the consequence, or
it may not be the consequence. The resolution
can do no harm, as it is simply one of inquiry.
I trust it will pass; it merely gives the subject to
the committee.
The resolution was adopted.
ADDITIONAL COMMITTEE CLERK-
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following resolu- j
tion for consideration: j
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be author- 1
ized to appoint a clei k. j
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. |
A message from the House of Representatives j
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a bill entitled "An act to 1
amend an act entitled 4 An act providing for the
* sale of certain lands in the States of Ohio and
'Michigan, ceded by the Wyandott tribe of In-
' duir.s, and for other purposes,' approved March !
3, 1843;" which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred. to the Committee on :
Public Lands. j
BILLS PASSED. I
The following engrossed bills were read a third !
time and passed: I
An act to provide for a tri-monthly mail from ]
New Orleans to Vera Cruz, via Tampico, and
back, in steam-vessels; and
An act to change the name of Joseph Lewis
Breese, a midshipman in the Navy of the United
States.
EXPEDITION TO JAPAN.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, offered by Mr. Borland
on the'previous day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to the Senate the object of the naval expedi-
tion recently ordered into the Indian ocean, and particu-
larly to the coast of Japan, and copies of any instructions
that have been given to the commander of that expedition.
Mr. BORLAND. At the suggestion of Sena-
tors, I desire to amend the resolution in one or two
respects. In the first place, I propose to amend it
by striking out the words " Secretary of the Navy
be directed," and insert " President of the United
States be requested;" and at the conclusion, to add
the words " if not incompatible with the public
service." The resolution, as I propose to amend
t, will then read;
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to the Senate tiie object of the
naval expedition recently ordered into the Indian ocean,
and particularly to the coast of Japan, and copies of any of
the instructionsthatmayhave been given to the commander
of the expedition, if not incompatible with the public ser-
vice.
The amendments were agreed to,
Mr. MANGGM. 1 very much question the
policy of adopting this resolution at all. As to
the latter portion of it, including the amendment
which has just been adopted, I think it tends to
make it more exceptionable. Suppose the Navy
Department should be called upon for all these in-
structions, and the answer should be, that to fur-
nish them was thought, by the President, to be
incompatible with the public service, would it not
produce the impression on the public mind that
the expedition is a hostile one? I think so. I
apprehend that we all perfectly understand it, and
what may be its object. I suppose the great lead-
ing object is to extend the commercial relations of
the United States. It is perfectly well known to
every gentleman who has kept his eye upon this
subject, that when we have had a vessel wrecked
on the coast of Japan, the sailors and officers have
been treated in a most extraordinary and barbarous
manner. Now, sir, if conciliatory measures shall
not change this course of practice, I will say that
I would like to see ten times the force sent there,
and then a few of what are called " American re-
monstrances."
Sir, you have to deal with barbarians as barba-
rians. These people, who are isolated from the
world, not only socially but politically, arenot ex-
pected to be regulated by the motives that govern
the civilized portion of mankind. I think it a
very laudable object to endeavor to extend our
commercial intercourse so far as we can; and in
doing so, I think the exhibition of our power there
will command respect, and that is what I think
this resolution will not do. I think it will require
no great stretch of confidence to leave this matter
to the proper Department—the Executive portion
of our Government.
To be sure, we may gratify an idle curiosity by
getting some report, and having a very well-writ-
ten document from the Department displayed here
before the Senate, and published to the world; but
i do not see how it will advance the interests of
the Government at all. As surely as the Execu-
tive shall reply that it is supposed to be incompat-
ible with the public interests to give the informa-
tion that is asked for, so surely it will be set down
by every antagonistic paper in the country as an
open act of war, as a design to make wailike ag-
gressions upon an innocent people. I doubt very
much the policy of the measure, and I can have
as little feeling upon a question of this sort as to
the manner in which it may affect the parties in
this country, as any gentleman who may address
you on this subject. I think they are pretty much
dislocated and broken in the middle now. The
truth is, I am gradually becoming pretty much an
"outsider;" but I will give a proper and consti-
tutional degree of confidence to any administra-
tion, as i have to the last, and as I hope to do
cheerfully while I have the honor of occupying a
seat on this floor, humble as I am. I know not
who is the mover of this resolution.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the mover of it will
