1806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
is pending, and I do not mean that it shall be
overslaughed. I understand I had made a motion
to disagree with the amendments proposed by the
Senate, and to appoint a committee of conference,
and inform the Senate thereof. I do not intend
that that motion shall be set. aside, unless this
House votes it down.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
a moment. "The gentleman from Kentucky has
submitted a motion that the House- disagree to
the amendments made by the Senate to the defi-
ciency bill. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] has submitted a motion that the bill,
together with the amendments, be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. The Chair is
informed that the Senate have adopted a new
amendment, appropriating ^50,000. The rules of
this House require its consideration in a com-
mittee. Hence, in the opinion of the Chair, the
motion submitted by the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] would have precedence. The
motion now pending before the House, is the mo- .
tion to commit the bill to the Committee of Ways ||
and Means. ;j
Mr. FOWLER. That being the motion, I jj
move that the House adjourn. I1
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us act upon it in the
morning.
Mr. AVERETT. I protest against any pro-
ceedings here with only twenty five members pres-
ent. There are not more than twenty-five or thirty
present, and I insist on a division upon the ques-
tion of adjournment.
The House beins: divided on the question, there
appeared—ayes 15, noes 18; but before the vote
was announced,
Mr. FOWLER withdrew the motion.
Mr. AVERETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question has just been
put and the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOUS TON. I ask that the question may
be put upon the motion to commit the bill. i
Mr. WALSH. When will the committee have !
a chance to report back the bill ? j
Mr. AVERETT. I have no sort of objection j
to proceeding, but for the fact that there are not I
thirty members present, and therefore I protest
against any proceedings being had.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. AVERETT. There is no q.iorum present.
I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. MARSHALL. My motion is pending.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to in-
quire whether the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] has made a motion, which is enter-
tained by the Chair, that this bill be committed to
the Committee of Ways and Means? and whether
if the House now adjourn, that motion having
been made, the bill will be prevented from going
to the Speaker's table, so that it will be reached in
the morning;?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Hors-roN^is already entered.
The hill will therefore not go to the Speaker's
table.
Mr. MARSHALL. Before the question of
adjournment is presented, 1 want to know what
decision the House has made upon my motion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. |1
Houston] took precedence of the motion of the :|
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] and
therefore entertains the motion to commit. If the jj
House decides not to commit the bill, then the mo- 1 j
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky will be next
in order, unless some other motion be submitted. •
But that question must be first taken. I will fur- I
therm ore state to the gentleman from Kentucky, [
that there is a rule of this House requiring all ap- :
propnation bills to be considered m the Commit- (
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. The j
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky is de- J
cided out of order until the committee have acted jj
upon tins new appropriation. ;•
The question was then taken on the motion of j
Mr. A\erett, and it was agreed to. jj
So the House adjourned until to-morrow at j;
eleven o'clock. [•
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petition*, memorials, &c., were presented
uudei the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ABERCROMBIE: Tlie petition of Stephen
O'Kelly, claiming compensation for seivices and losses in-
curred m behalf of the United States, duiing the Creek
Indian hostilities in Alabama, in l&id.
By Mr. PARKER, of Indiana : The petition of Jeremiah
Smith, G. W. Monks, and 56 others, citizens of Randolph
county, Indiana, piaying for the passage of Mr. Stanly's
bill, applying the fourth installment to purposes ot coloni-
zation.
By Mr. GOODRICH: The petition of Stephen Thomp-
son and others, revolutionaiy soldiers, for a modification of
the pension lavvb.
Ry Mr. PEASLEE: The petition of Roswell Shurtleff
and others, praying for the passage of the bill introduced by
Hon. Edward Stanly, in lavor of African colonization.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 16, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT. This is private bill day.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire whether this
is the day on which private bills may be discussed?
The PRESIDENT. This is the day on which,
if any discussion arises, the bills must be passed
over.
TFIOMAS H. LEGGETT.
The PRESIDENT. The first bill on the list
is a bill for the relief of Thomas II. Leggett.
Mr. HUNTER. There is objection to that bill;
and I understand that no bill can be discussed to-
day.
The PRESIDENT. The rule requires that if
any discussion arises, a bill shall be passed over;
or it shall be passed over if any Senator expresses
a disposition to discuss it.
Mr. SEWARD. If there is no disposition to
discuss the bill, we may as well take the question
now.
Mr. HUNTER. I would prefer that the bill
should be passed over for to-day.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator propose
to discuss the bill?
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot tell until the bill
comes up; other members may wish to discuss it.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 have something to say on
it.
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over.
MARVIN W. FISHER-.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill for
the relief of the widow of Marvin W. Fisher, which
provides for directing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Harriet F. Fisher, widow and
executrix of Marvin W. Fisher, the sum of
$20,000, as a full compensation for the past use
of the machine invented by him for charging per-
cussion caps, in the arsenals of the United States,
and also for the future free and undisturbed use
by the Government of the patent right to the ma-
chine, with its improvements, as patented Novem-
ber 21, 1843.
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest, as I did
before when that bill came up, that another bill
has been reported embracing substantially the case
provided for here, and other cases of a similar
character. That bill is intended as a substitute
for this. For that reason I move that this bill be
laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
THOMAS PEMBER.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of
Thomas Pember. It proposes to direct the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to audit the
account of Thomas Pember, and to pay him the
difference between the compensation of a captain's
clerk and a purser on board the United States
steamer Vixen, from October 23, 1848, to June
20, 1S50, and the difference between the compen-
sation of a captain's clerk and a purser on board
the ship Electra, from July 1, 1847, to February
28, 1848.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
MARK BEAN AND RICHARD H. BEAN,
The bill for the relief of Mark Dean and Richard
H. Bean was stated to be the next in order. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Mark Bean and Richard H. Bean, of
Arkansas, the sum of $15,000, as a compensation
and indemnity in full for losses sustained by them
in their removal under the third article of the treaty
with the Cherokee Indians, of May 6, 1828, by
which they were forced to abandon not only the
lands which they had settled, cultivated, and im-
proved, but an extensive manufactory of salt,
warehouses, dwelling-houses, and other large im-
provements.
Mr. BAYARD. When the bill was up before,
it was opposed by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Underwood,] now absent as one of the com-
mittee of the Senate, who has gone to accompany
the remains of his late colleague. I think the bill
ought not to be acted upon in his absence. He
may wish to continue that discussion. Ceitainly,
as I understood his argument then, this is clearly
a bill which ought'not to pass the Senate. I have
no desire to discuss it myself. I am not sufficiently
familiar with its details to do so, but I have no
-doubt he would discuss it, for he is opposed to it,
and I think he was very successful in showing
why it should not pass. I think the bill ought not
to be taken up in lus absence, and therefore i move
to postpone its consideration till Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
ROBERT T. NORRIS.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Robert T. Norns. It provides for the payment
to Robert T. Norris of the sum of dollars, in
consideration of injuries received by him while
acting as a pilot under the direction of the collector
of customs in New York.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to fill the blank with
§500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 would like to hear the re-
port in that case read.
The report was accordingly read; from which it
appears, that Robert T. Norris was a regularly
trained and licensed pilot in New York; that m
September, 1839, he was directed by the collector
of the customs of that port to pilot a floating light-
ship, belonging to the United States, from the East
river to the station off Sandy Hook; and while
performing this duty, and engaged in the act of
mooring the vessel, the chain-cable slipped out of
the hawse-hole on the port-bow, in consequence
of one of the stoppers giving way, and coming in
contact with his person, badly injuring his right
leg, and so violently injuring the left, that ampu-
tation was afterwards necessarily performed. By
this accident the petitioner was disabled from pur-
suing his avocation, and Ins means of support
were rendered very precarious. The committee
consider that the accident having happened on
boaid a ship belonging to the Government, under
its management, and while the party was engaged
in the service of the Government, it is a case
commending itself to the magnanimity, if not to
the justice, of the United States. At the same
time, the committee say that they cannot advise
the precedent of granting pensions for injuries and
wounds received in the civil service of the United
States. They therefore have thought proper to
submit a bill providing for the payment of a fixed
sum; and they refer, as a precedent, to the report
made in the House of Representatives, May 2d,
1850, m the case of Eli Darling.
Mr. FELCH. I wish, that this bill should be
laid over until another day. I see, by the pro-
ceedings heretofore, that a hill for the same object
once passed the House, came to the Senate, was
reported upon adversely here, and the bill was
finally indefinitely postponed. I would like to
look into that adverse report.
Mr. HUNTER. This bill ought to be laid
over. It seems to me it introduces a new princi-
ple—the granting of pensions to pilots.
Mr. FELCH. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
LEWIS H. BATES AND WILLIAM LACON.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the lelief
of Lewis H. Bates and William La^on. It pro-
poses to authorize the accounting officers to audit
and allow the claim of Bates & Lacon for losses
and damages sustained by them in consequence
of the proceedings of the custom-house officers in
New York, m exacting from them, on certain im-
portations of iron into that port, made between
June 1st, 1829, and January 1st, 1832, higher du-
ties thp.n were required by law, and in seizing and
libeling those goods on the refusal of Bates &
