80
THjB OONaRESSIOHAL GLOBE.
Dec. 4,
for additional compensation for locating military
bounty land warrants.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of B.
Foster Pratt, praying compensation for the ser-
vices and sufferings of his father in the revolu-
tionary war. Laid on the table.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr, CLEMENS gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill granting to the
State of Alabama the right of way and a do-
nation of public lands for making a railroad from
Selma to the Tennessee river;
A bill granting a right of way and a donation
of public lands for making a railroad from Chat-
tanooga to Memphis;
A joint resolution conferring on Major General
Winfteld "Scott the brevet rank of Lieutenant Gen-
eral; and
A bill granting to the State of Alabama the right
of way and a donation of public lands for making
a railroad from Girard to mobile Bay.
Mr. GWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to authorize the President
of the United Slates to equip and dispatch suit-
able vessels, with competent officers, to explore
and examine that portion of the North Pacific
Ocean embraced in the route and course to and
from China and Japan, the Philipine Islands, &c.,
with the view to facilitate commercial intercourse.
Mr. FISH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to establish a Mint of the
United States in the city'of New York.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GWIN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills; which were severally read a first time and
ordered to a second reading:
A bill to authorize and direct the payment of
certain moneys into the treasury of the State of
California which were collected in the ports of
said State as a revenue upon imports since the ratifi-
cation of the treaty of peace between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico, and prior to
the admission of said State into the Union;
A bill to establish a branch of the Mint of the
United States in the State of California;
A bill to provide for the survey of the public
lands in California, the granting of donation priv-
ileges thereon, and for other purposes; and
A bill to create a Board of Commissioners for
the examination and payment of claims against the
United States growing out of the conquest of Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. GEYER, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing the right of way and a portion of the public
lands to the State of Missouri, for the purpose of
aiding in the construction of a railroad from the
city of St. Louis to the western limits of said
State; which'was read a first time and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. MORTON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
granting the right of way and making a grant of
lands to the States of Florida and Alabama, to
aid in the construction of a railroad from the waters
of Pensacola Bay, in the State of Florida, to
Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, and for
other purposes; which was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint
resolution explanatory of the act approved Sep-
tember 28,1850, entitled "An art granting bounty
lands to certain officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the United
States;" which was read a first time and ordered
to a second reading.
THE HUSH PATRIOTS.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi, in pursuance of
previous notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution expressive of the sympathy
of Congress for the exiled Irish patriots, Smith
O'Brien, Thos. F. Meagher, and their associates;
which was read a first time and ordered to a
second reading.
COMPROMISE MEASURES,
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I gave notice the
other day, although it was not necessary according
to our rules, of a resolution in relation to thecom-
promise measures, so called. I now introduce
the resolution. I wish it to be read.
[The resolution was read as published on page
21.]
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I hope the Sen-
ate will bear with me while I make a single remark,
which is this: I expect to leave this place on the
20th day of this month. I am exceedingly anx-
ious to carry such a resolution as this home with
me, for various reasons which I need not state. It
is the only favor which I shall ask of the Senate
during the present session, and I trust that no op-
position will be made to my motion to take it up
now for consideration, with the view of making it
the special order of the day for Monday next, at
one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi asks for the consideration of the resolu-
tion at this time. It requires unanimous consent.
Mr. CHASE. Then I object to it, because I
think this resolution should not take precedence
of the important business which has been already
brought to the notice of the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I feel very much
flattered that the opposition comes from that quar-
ter, and I hope it will be continued. We mean to
put it down.
Mr. CHASE. It will undoubtedly be con-
tinued.
INTEROCEANIC SHIP CANAL.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following, which lies
over under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be le-
quested to communicate to the Senate a dispatch addressed
by Mr. Nilcs, late American Chaig<5 d'Atfaircs to Sardinia,
to the Hon. John M. Clayton, Secretary ot State, on the
aubject of a ship channel to unite the waters of the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans, having date 30th June, 1849, if m his
opinion such communication can he made without injury
to the public inteiest.
COAST SURVEY.
Mr. PEARCE. It has been usual, I believe,
to order ail extra number of copies of the report
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey to be
printed for the use of the Sennle. I submit an or-
der on that subject, which will, I suppose, go to
the Committee on Printing:
Ordered, That five thousand five hundred additional
copies of the repoit of the Sccietary of the Tieasuiy, and
tlie accompanying repoit of tlie Superintendent of the Coa&t
Survey, be pruned for the use of the Senate, arid that five
hundicd copies of tlfts number be supplied to the Supenn-
tendent of the Coast Survey.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition will go
to the Committee on Printing.
FLOGGING IN THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which lies over under the rule:
Resolvedj That the Secietary of the Navy be instructed
to inform the Senate; if the Navy Department lias been in-
formed of any violations of the law of the flnited States
abolishing flogging in the naval service, by any officers of
the Navy; and if so, what measures, if any, lias the Secre-
taiy taken to vindicate the law.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OHIO.
Mr. CHASE. I move that the bill which I in-
troduced the other day, to grant to the State of
Ohio the unsold and unappropriated public lands
remaining in said State, be now taken up for con-
sideration, so that it may be ordered to be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON". I do not know that I shall
have any objection to the gentleman's bill; but I
can see no reason why it should now be printed.
It will be referred, of course, to the Committee on
Public Lands when the committee shall have been
organized. When bills are reported by commit-
tees, 1 believe, under our rules, they are printed
for the use of the Senate, without any motion for
that purpose. If this bill be now printed before
its reference, when it shall have been reported it
will be reprinted, and then we shall have the same
i bill printed twice, at a double cost. I hope that
j the Senator will withdraw his motion, for I can
j see no good object to be advanced by it.
Mr. CHASE. I hope the honorable Senator
from Missouri will withdraw the opposition which
he makes to the motion, when he understands the
precise state of the facts. This bill was reported
at the last session of Congress by the Committee
on Public Lands. There now remains in the
State of Ohio only something less than three hun-
dred thousand acres of land, and that chiefly
worthless, which it is proposed by this bill to cede
to the State. It was drawn up at the Land Office,
and has all the guards which that bureau thought
fit to imposeupon it. Underthese circumstances,
having come from a committee of this body, hav-
ing had the sanction of one of the Departments,
I hope that it will be permitted to be printed, as
several bills have already been. I trust that the
printingof it will not again become necessary, but
that printing it now will, in point of fact, facilitate
its consideration.
Mr. ATCHISON. I would state to the Sen-
ate, that what I said was more a matter of sug-
gestion to the Senator from Ohio than opposition
on my part to the measure, as he seems to under
stand it. I withdraw all opposition to the motion.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. Can a single
member successfully oppose this proposition ?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir. The proposi-
tion is simply a motion to take up the bill for con-
sideration.
Mr. FOOTE. The question, then, is: whether
there is any opposition. I think the Senator from
Ohio at this moment desires this as a faver from
the Senate. As I am not in the habit of returning
evil for evil, and especially as I do not wish to re-
turn illiberality for illiberality, I shall very gladly
embrace the opportunity of voting for the propo-
sition.
The motion to proceed to the consideration of
the bill was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I am about to submit a motion
for the printing of the bill. But before I do so, I
wish to say a word in response to the honorable
Senator from Mississippi. I think the Senate will
bear me witness, that during the whole period of
my service in this body, I have never been want-
ing in liberality to my brother Senators. And if
I have objected to the consideration at this time
of the resolution of the honorable Senator, it was
from a deference to the public interests, and not
from any personal illiberality towards him.
Mr. FOOTE. I am sure, from the language of
the honorable Senator, that he could not have
heard my application to the Senate. I stated that
1 should leave this city, and leave my seat here
vacant, on the 20th of this "month, and I had only
one favor to ask of the members of this body du-
ring the present session, and that was, the simple
favor of allowing the resolution which I have
introduced, and whi^li I hope will not cause any
serious debate, to be made the special order for
Monday next a{ one o'clock. I did not suppose
any member would refuse such a favor. I merely
explain this, that it may be understood how the
thing stands. If the gentleman thinks that he is
really entitled to commendation for his liberal dis-
position, I hope he will presently withdraw his
opposition to tliat request.
Mr. CHASE. I move that the bill be laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I now propose
to renew the motion which I made some time ago.
The honorable Senator from Ohio did not, as I
supposed, hear the statement which I made ex-
planatory of the reasons "why I wished the reso-
lution in regard-to the compromise measures to be
taken up; and he has been courteous enough to
withdraw his objection. I hope no opposition
will be made in any quarter to have that resolution
considered at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution; when,
On motion of Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi, its
further consideration was postponed till Monday,
at one o'clock, and it was made the special order
for that time.
RECEPTION AND ENTERTAINMENT OF KOS-
SUTH.
Mr. HALE. I call for the order of the day.
The PRESIDENT. The unfinished business
of yesterday, being the joint resolution to provide
for the reception and entertainment of Louis Kos-
suth, Governor of Hungary, in the United States,
is now before the Senate for consideration.
Mr. HALE. Wasnottwelveanda half o'clock
to-day assigned for the election of a Chaplain?
The PRESIDENT. No such assignment was
made.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I wish to ask
leave to withdraw the resolution now before the
Senate. I will simply state in relation to the matter,
that inasmsch as I find opposition to this resolu-
tion coming from an unexpected quarter, and as
