THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1807
Lacon to enter the same subject to higher duty,
and for certain costs of court paid by them, and
not reimbursed.
Mr. FELCH. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill. I find that it is in the
same situation with the one last up.
The motion was agreed to.1
RICHARD JMACKALL. -
The PRESIDENT announced that the next
bill on the Calendar was one for the relief of Rich-
ard Mackall.
Mr. BAYARD expressing a wish to debate the
bill, it was passed over.
HENRY KING".
The Senate .resumed, as ia Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of the representatives of Henry King. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to the le?al representatives of Henry King the
sum of $8,140 for his services in'the third Mary-
land regiment, and in the commissary department'
during the revolutionary war.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to oppose this
claim, or to discuss the bill, if those who advocate
it are willing to have it amended by striking out
the allowance of interest. I move ,to amend the
bill by striking out the sum of " $8,140," and in-
serting "f 1,817 36." On the face of the bill it
doe's not appear that any interest is allowed, but
in point of fact the claim originally for revolution-
ary services was $1,817 36. . The report of the
committee shows that interest to the amount of
$6,332 64 is allowed upon the claim, and embod-
ied in the bill, as if it were part of the claim. I
move to amend the bill "in that way, and if the
amendment shall be agreed to without discussion,
I shall not oppose the bill. Otherwise I shall be
compelled to oppose it. I am opposed to .paying
four times the amount of the claim.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would like to hear the re-
port read.
Mr. BAYARD.- If interest is to be claimed, I
shall discuss the bill; but if interest is not claimed,
I have no objection to make to the bill.
The report was read, from which it appears that
the claim is for the services of Henry King as
sergeant in the third Maryland regiment from
May 30th to October 20th, 1778, at the rate of $10
per month; as commissary's clerk from October
21st to December 31st, 1778, at |35,per month;
as commissary's clerk from January 1st, 1779, to
April 19th, 1780, at §50 per month; as assistant
commissary of issues from May 10th, 1780, to
September'10th, 1781, at $75-per month, and for
a retained ration during a srtiall part of the time,
which latter item amounts to <£8 15s., riiakitig the
total ;£862 10s. The United States are credited
with various payments during that time, amount-
ing to -£180 18s. 8d.
Mr. SHIELDS. ' I would suggest that this bill
be laid over for the present, and that We " go on
with cases requiring less time and less trouble.
There are several matters involved here that may,
in my humble'opinion,lead to an immense amount
of claims upon the Government. For one, I want
to examine this matter very carefully. If \ve es-
tablish the principle here involved, we may have
to continue it in other cases. I am afraid that the
principle of the case is wrong. I do not object
merely to the allowance of interest, but I have my
doubts as to whether the principal should be paid.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator propose
to discuss the bill?
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over.
JOHN JACKSON AND OTHERS.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of tlie
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of John Jackson, Joseph Pineau, and I.onis A.
S. Smith. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay'to these persons the mileage
allowed by law to witnesses attending the courts
of the United States, from Port-au-Prince, in the
Island of St. Domingo, to the city of Boston.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, I understand
that there are some differences in the mode of
computing mileage,'and it is desirable to avoid
that. The sum which it was intended to al-
low to these witnesses was $180 each. I there-
fore move to amend it, by striking out- the words
" mileage allowed by law to," and to insert " the
sum of $180 each for their mileage as;" so that
the bill shall provide for paying them " the sum
of $180 each for their mileage as witnesses attend-
ing the courts of the United States," &c.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading. It was subsequently
read a third time and passed.
HIRAM MOORE AND JOHN HASCAtL*.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill in order is -
a 'bill for the relief of Hiram Moore and Jolin Has-
call. The bill has been read once, and will now
be read a second time.
The bill was accordingly read a second time,
and considered by the Senate as in Committee .of
the Whole.
It provides that there be granted to Hiram
Moore and John Hascall, citizens of the United
States, and to their heirs, assigns, and legal repre-
sentatives, for the term of fourteen years, from
the 27th day of June, A. D. 1850, the full and
exclusive right and liberty of making,' construct-
ing, using, and vending to others to be made or
used, the improvements for cutting, thrashing, or
cleaning grain, or either of theta, and embraced
in the model, drawings, or specifications connected
with letters-patent granted to them on the" 28th
day of June, 1836, fora machine commonly known
as " Moore & Hascall's Harvesting Machine,"
together with the improvements invented by them,
or either,of them, in perfecting said machine,,or
any part thereof, from the date of their original
patent, to the day from which the same is hereby
renewed and extended. And that the Commis-
sioner of Patents be directed and required to make
a certificate of such renewal and extension, and
append an authenticated copy thereof to the ori-
ginal patent, with the proper specifications and
claims; Provided,-That the said patentees shall
first pay into' the Treasury, to the credit of the
patent fund, the fees required by law'for the re-
newal or extension of patents: And provided fur-
ther, Tliat all rights and interests in said patent
heretofore granted or assigned by said patentees,
or by their duly authorized agents, in'their name,
shall inure to and be enjoyed by such assignees
and purchasers thereof, respectively, during the
renewed term of said patent, upon the same con-
ditions and to the same extent as for the term that
did exist when such sale or assignment was made.
Mr. JAMES,. I wish to offer an amendment
to that bill. It is to add the following proviso:
Provide cl, Til at any additional claimtofaidjcttors-patcnt
of 1836, so made and presented to tiie Patent Office lor
letters-patent, undei the provisions of this act, shall he for
a patent improvement or addition, arid shall by this act in,
the same manner be open'to be contested on the ground of
priority of invention, or other legal grounds.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report accom-
panying that bill ? 'If there be I would like to
hear it read.
The PRESIDENT. There is no report.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear some
explanation of the bill from some of its friends, as
there is no report.
Mr. FELCH. I believe there is no printed
report. The amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island, if I understand it correctly, will
probably lead to' some debate, and 1 therefore
move to postpone the further consideration of the
bill until Friday next. •
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. HALE. I move that when the Senate
"adjourns to-day, it do adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. "SHIELDS. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the call fpr the yeas and nays.
Mr. HALE. No, let him have them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALKER. • I should like to ascertain,
Mr. President, if that motion is m order on private
bill day ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly; it is a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. WALKER. No, it is not a motion to ad-
journ, but a motion to regulate adjournment.
The PRESIDENT. It is perfectly consistent
with private'business.  . .
Mr. WALKER. No; it is entirely public busi-
The question was then taken on the motion, and'
resulted—yeas 30, nay's 10; as-'follows: ' ' ■
Y-E AS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Borland; - Bright,
Brodliead, Brooke, Butler, Chase, Cooper, De Saussure,
Downs, Felch, Foot, Geyer, Hale, jHanihn,jJames? Man-,
gum, Meriwether, Miller, Norns} Pearee, Pratt, Ruskj.Se-
bastian, Shields, Soule, Toucey, Cpiia'm, and Wade—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Dawson, 'podgeof Wisconsin,
Dodge of.Iowa, Jones of Iowa, King, sMaiJory, Seward,'
Spruance,,and Walker—10; . .
' So the motion w4s agreed to.
- JOSHUA KENKEBY. . ,
The Senate took uj? "A' biliJorUhe relief of.,
the legal representatives of Joshua 'Kennedy; de-
ceased," which was read-a, second time .and eon-
t sidered as-in Committee of theWhole.; The biH '
! provides that the Secretaryof the Treasury pay*
1 to the legal representatives of Joshua Kennedy,
deceased, out of any moneys not otherwise ap-
| propriated, the su-m-of $6,500, in full compensa-
j tLon for the destruction of property by the Creek
i Indians in the year 1813.
The report from the Committee on-Indian Af-
fairs was "read, in which they state that the de-
struction for which the petitioners ask indemnity
did not.tak&1place"\vhile"4he troops occupied
..the property; but there can be^no doubt that'
" such occupation was the oause.of its, destruc-
tion;" so that the case, in the opinion of the cbm- "
mittee, comes clearly within the spirits if not the
letter, of the act of 1816, and the "supplement
thereto. If the military occupatioji.be th'.e' exciting* •'
cause of the destruction, it is difficult'to imagine
what difference the precise moment at whicli th«
destruction took place can make. I Us the feeling
of hostility, created on the part-of theenemy by .
the act of the_Goyernment hv erecting: a source of
annoyance in their'neighborhood, wtyick makes
the Government liable for the consequence of its
own act, and not the particular time chosen by
the enemy to satisfy its vengeance. In the case
under consideration, ihe petitioner had oi-iginally
erected his buildings and other, improvements
under the assurance given in the President's proc-
lamation, that the persons and property of settlers
should be protected. Subsequently'these build--
in°;s were converted into a temporary fort by an
officer of the Government, and as'such became the
point of assault to the" Indians immediately after
their successful attack oft Fort Mimms and the
massacre of its garrison. It is true, the party of
troops which had occupied the premises had, in
their panic occasioned by the destruction'and
slaughter at Fort Mimms, retired; but immedi-
ately after that destruction, and whilst the .mili-
tary defenses were still in. existence, the premises
were attacked and destroyed by the enemy.
Mr. BAYARD. I would like to look into the
report.which purports to be annexed to the re-
port which has been read, giving the result of a
former examination of a committee,-which is not
stated in that report There are some principles
i stated here to which I cannot assent, in regard to
the construction of the law of 1817. The com-
mittee say that they have examined the case with
great care, and that they find the facts to be-ia
accordance with the report of tKe Committee on"
Claims"of the Thirtieth Congress, " filed, and in-
tended to be made a part hereof." That report is
not printed, and the facts alluded to do notappear
in this -report at all; I move to"" postpone the
further consideration of the bill until Friday next.
The PRESIDENT The report to which the
Senator alludes has been printed.
Mr, RUSK. I wish to say one word, sir, in
I regard to this matter.
The PRESIDENT. There can be no discus-
sion. " <
Mr. RUSK. I do not propo.se to discuss the
question. I merely wish to explain the nature of
the other report.
The PRESIDENT. Theotherreport isprinted.
Mr. RUSK. • I know it is, but the Senator
from Delaware JMr. Bvyard] has not examined
it, and I wish to, save him the trouble of an' ex-
amination. I believe there have been adverse re-
ports in both cases—an adverse report once, and
I two reports m favor of it. Theprincipal difficulty
I arose from this claimant not complying with the
j law in regard to indemnity in such cases. The
I law was passed with a limitation, and that lim-
! itation expired before any decision was made on
j the subject, though the case was presented to the
| Commissioner. This was the causeof the differ-
I ence between the two reports.
