1851.
COKGBESSIOfoAfr GLQBpEi-
I am not willing that the time of the Senate shall
be occupied with a long discussion on the subject,
and especially as the resolution, if not acted upon
by both Houses immediately, can do no good, with
the consent of the Senate I would like to withdraw
it, and leave the Governor of Hungary to the Ad-
ministration and the people, for they will deal with
him most liberally.
Leave being granted, the resolution was with-
drawn.
Mr. SEWARD. I give notice that I will at
some early day ask leave to introduce a joint res-
olution declaring that the Congress of the United
States, in the name and in behalf of the people,
give to Louis Kossuth a cordial welcome to the
capital and to the country.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United- States in Congress assembled, That the
Congress of the United States, in the name and behalf of
the people of the United States, give Louis Kossuth a cor-
dial welcome to the capital and to the country.
election\>f a chaplain.
Mr. HALE. I move that we now proceed to
elect a Chaplain.-
Mr. BADGER. Is it in order to move to pro-
ceed to the election of a Chaplain before the adop-
tion of a resolution declaring that a Chaplain shall
be elected ?
The PRESIDENT. The usual mode has been
to introduce a resolution for the election of a
Chaplain, and then to designate the period when
he shall be elected. In this case a simple motion
was adopted to elect a Chaplain at one o'clock
yesterday. That hour was passed over in conse-
quence of the Senate being engaged in other busi-
ness, and the Chair could not execute the order.
Mr. HALE. Then I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That two Chaplains be appointed to Congress
during the present session, one by each House, wlio shall
interchange weekly.
Mr. BADGER. I suppose that resolution lies
over ?
The PRESIDENT. It lies over as a matter of
course, unless the Senate chooses, by a unanimous
consent, to take it up.
On motion, the Senate adjourned to Monday
next. t
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 6, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The
Journal of Wednesday having been read,
Mr. POLK said he found that his name had
not been recorded in the final vote on the resolu-
tion to provide newspapers for the members. He
was present on that occasion, and had voted
against the resolution. He desired that the Jour-
nal might be so corrected.
There was no objection, and the Journal was
ordered to be corrected accordingly.
The Journal was then approved.
The following members appeared to-day, were
qualified, and took their seats, viz : Messrs.
John H. Boyd, of New York; James M. H.
Beale, of Virginia-, Alexander White, of Ala-
bama; Louis St. Martin and J. Artistide Lan-
dry, of Louisiana; Wm. H. Btssell, of Illinois;
and Volvey E. Howard, ofTexas.
Mr. COBB said: I hold in my hand a bill,
which I will send to the Speaker's desk, of which
1 have given previous notice. And I desire to
give notice to the House, that when it shall have
been read 1 will move that it be put upon its pas-
sage. It is simple in its bearings, and if the
House will give me its ear for a moment until it
is read, I think there will be no difficulty in its
passag t}je gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] indulge the Chair while he
presents some communications from the Depart-
rncnts ?
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Treasurer of the United States, commu-
nicating copies of his accounts for the third and
fourth quarters of the year 1850, and the first and
second quarters of 1851, as adjusted by the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, agreeably to law, a report of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, showing the
progress of that work during the year ending No-
vember, 1851.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. -I move that the
communication from the' Treasury Department be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and be printed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. There is no such committee to which it
can be referred. I move to lay the communication
upon the table, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to make a motion as to
one of the communications upon the table—the re-
port from the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
I desire to move that it he laid -upon the table and
printed, and that ten thousand extra copies be
printed, five thousand of which to be at the dis-
posal of the Coast Survey Bureau. It is the
usual number of extra copies, and thi^ report is
still more valuable than any preceding one on this
subject.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am opposed
to that motion, and shall move, when the com-
mittees are appointed, that it be referred to the
Committee on Printing, to report upon the pro-
priety of printing the extra numbers. That is a
matter which ought to be inquired into. I have
no objections to its being ordered to be printed;
but as to the printing of any extra copies I do
object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.- I rise to a question
of order. I wish to inquire how this subject was
brought before the House ?
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr. EVANS. I believe it has been customary
in former years to print extra numbers of this
document.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,]
that the rule requires all propositions for printing
extra numbers to go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman is mistaken.
That is the rule only respecting the President's
message and accompanying documents. If the
gentleman will examine the rule he will see how
it is, and that it does not apply to the printing of
this document.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I know it lias
been usual to print an extra number of copies of
this report, but I have never been satisfied that it
is proper to do so, and I am less satisfied now
than I have heretofore been; a*d until there has
been a report of a committee upon the propriety
of so doing, I shall oppose the printing of extra
copies. It is attended with immense expense, and
with but little or no profit.
Mr. EVANS. I will occupy the attention of the
House, in regard to this matter, but a few mo-
ments. There is perhaps no document which
emanates from the Government in greater demand
or« of higher importance than this. Commercial
men everywhere—not only here, but over the
whole globe—send for copies of the Coast Sur-
vey; and we have had more calls for it, from every
part of the world—from North and South America,
from Europe, Asia, and Africa—than we have
ever been able to supply. I will show to the hon-
orable gentleman [Mr. Stephens] the importance
of this document and the reasons why there
should be no delay in the printing of it. As I
stated a little while ago, there is in this document
more than three thousand two hundred geographi-
cal posts, for the first time, ascertamed with en-
tire accuracy—posts of the highest importance to
commerce and to the navy; the latitude and longi-
tude of important points on the coast, and con-
cerning which it is highly desirable that informa-
tion should be given at once to commercial men
everywhere. Now, if this were a new motion,
on a new subject, it might be important that it
should be examined by a committee. But it has
been examined by the Committee on Printing, in
former Congresses, from time to time and from
year to year, and an extra number has always
been ordered. We have the concurrence of all
former Printing Committees to which this subject
has ever been referred, in favor of _printing extra
numbers. I am not in favor of incurring extra
and unnecessary expense; but this document is
in great demand, and continual calls are Kiade
upon the Department and upon members of the
House for it. It contains much information in
regard to light-houses and their posts. It contains
also the leading lines, and sailing lines, and direc-
tions for the most important parts of the coast—
as I said before, the latitude and longitude of .a
vast number of places hrig}ily ift|K>rtant; to
sailing part of the world. =•-*"•- - ..."
I ask no deviation from '•he ordinary course., It
has always been usual, when that docum.ent Ijas •
come here and been laid upon the table, to print
it, and then to print the usual, extra numbers, of
which the Department has* hacl the1 control of a
certain part of them.
I cannot imagine why the gentleman-from Geor-
gia [Mr. Stephens] should oppose it. . He op-
poses it because of its extravagance. .He cannot
oppose it because of its impropriety; for, of the
vast number of printed documents that' ernanatjs
from this House, this is one of the very few use-
ful oijes, and I hope the gentleman will withdraw
his opposition to printing extra aumbers of it.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I do not attach the
importance to this matter of printing extra copies
of this document which the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Evans] seems to attach to it. I repre-
sent the Chesapeake Bay, in part, and nearly all
tfie sea-coaSt of Virginia. The importance of this
coast-survey cannot well be overrated, but you
cannot supply the whole demand for it by any
number of copies that you will print. The great
importance of it consists in its going into .the hands
of ihe chartmakers, for from this coast-survey
they make out their charts, which are kept regu-
larly for sale in all the cities and to^ns in the
United States; and vessel-owners can supply them-
selves.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
This proposition to print extra numbers of this
document must, of necessity, be referred to the
Committee on Printing, in accordance with the
joint resolution of the two Houses of Congress,
passed in 1846. I ask that the first clause of the
3d section of that resolution be read.
It was accordingly read, as follows:
" That all motions to print extra numbers of any bill,
paper, or document, in cither House, shall be referred to
the Committee on Printing of that House, who shall
report on the propiicty of printing, and the probable ex-
pense thereof, as early as convenient.1'
Mr. HOUSTON. I was about to rise to the
same point. I have also here a copy of the Jour-
nal of the Thirty-first Congress, and I beg leave
to call the attention of the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Evans] to it. Itsays, "Mr. Wmthrop
' moved that four thousand copies of the report
'on the coast-survey be printed, which motion
'was referred to the Committee on Printing." It
seems, therefore, that in corroboration of this con-
struction of the rules of the House, its practice has
been to refer such motions to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that when
this House adjourns, it adjourn till Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be en-
tertained while the gentlemen 'from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] has possession of the floor.
Mr. BAYLY. I had nearly concluded my
remarks.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The motion before the House is not in order.
Mr. EVANS. I call for the reading of the 61st
rule.
The rule was then read, as follows;
" A proposition requesting information of the President
of the United States, or directing it to be furnished by Oio
head of either of the Executive Departments, or by the*
Postmaster General, or to print ail extra number of any
document or other matter, excepting the messages of the
President to both Houses at the commencement ot each
session of Congress, and the reports and documents con-
nected with or referred to in it, shall lie on the table one
day for consideration, unless otherwise ordered by the
unanimous consent ol' the House; and all such propositions
shall betaken up for consideration in the order m which
they were presented, immediately after reports are called
for from selefet committees; and when adopted, the Clurk
shall cause the same to be delivered."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will take occasion
to remark, that there seems to be some conflict be-
tween the rule of the House and the joint resolu-
tion of the two Houses of Congress. The Chair
is aware that extra numbers of the President's
messages and accompanying documents have been
printed at the beginning of each Congress 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (interrupting
the Chair,) said: If the Chair will allow me, the
part of the 61st rule to which reference has been
made, has regard solely to the old rule of the
House which required that all motions to print
I extra numbers ot any document shall lie upon the
I table one day. In 1846 a joint resolution was
