34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 8,
for the purpose of locating and constructing a rail-
road from Milvvaukie to Prairie la Crosse, in Wis-
consin; and
A bill granting to the State of Wisconsin the
right of way and a donation of the public lands,
for the purpose of locating ai^d constructing a rail-
road from Fond du Lac to Janesville.
OFFICERS OF THE SENATE.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice that he would move
to amend the rules of the Senate as follows:
The {Secretary of the Senate, the Sergeant-at-Arms, the
Doorkeeper, and Assistant Doorkeeper, shall be chosen
on the third Monday of the present Congress?, and on the
second Monday ot the first session of cveiy succeeding
Congress.
BILLS REFERRED.
All the bills laid on the table during the present
session, were taken up and appropriately referred.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. DAVIS offered the following resolution:
Resolved* That the Secretary of the Senate be instructed
to complete the sct« of statutes of the United .States m use
in the Henatft, its othces, and Committeo rooms, by adding
thereto the 9th volume.
FLOGGING IN .THE NAVY.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Half, a few
days since, respecting violations of the law abol-
ishing: flogging in the Navy, came up for consid-
eration.
Mr. HALE. I wish to move to lay that reso-
lution on the table for the present, for the reason
that I am not certain whether the abuse to which
the resolution refers occurred before or. subsequent
to the passage of the act.
The motion was agreed to.
INTER-OCEANIC CANAL.
The following resolution was taken from the
table and agreed to:
Revolved, That the President of the United Stales be re-
quitted to communicate to the Senate a dispatch adduced
b> Mr. Nile*, late Ameiicim Chaise d'Aftanes to riardinui,
to the Hon. John 51. Clayton, Heeretaiy of State, on the
subject of u .ship canal to unite the waters of the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans having date 3f)th June, IH><), u m his
opinion such communication con be made without ityuty
to the public interest.
CHAPLAINS TO CONGRESS,
The following resolution wan also taken up and
agreed to:
Resolved, That two Chaplains be appointed to Congrofs
during the prevent session, one by each limine, who shall
i.itet^ hnitt'o weekly.
RECEPTION OF ICORSUTII.
, Mr. SEWARD, pursuant to previous notice,
■ asked and ohtnined leave to introduce the follow-
ing joint lesohition:
Resolred hij ike Senate and House, of Rein ese ill <tt ires of
the United Mate* in Connrcs* assembled, That the Con-
of the United Sr.tte-., hi the name and behalf of the
people of the United ."-fate*;, / ive to Lotus Ko-snth a coi-
dial welcome to the capital and to the country; and that
a cop\ oi f!iw (evolution he tian^mute<| to luni by the PreM-
d 'lit of the lrini<'<! State*-1.
The resolution was read a first time and ordered
to a second muling.
Ah*. SKWAU1). I ask that it may now have
iN second rendirnr.
Mr. rijRMKWS. Let it lie over.
Mr. SIlfKLDS. I dve notice that when this
resolution comes up £>r consideration 1 shall move
to subs'UPte for it the resolution which was with-
drawn the other d.'v by the {Senator from Missis-
sippi. 1 afk liua the amendment belaid upon the
table.
The PRESIDENT. It will be laid upon the
table informally.
Mr. SEWARD, I would suggest to the Sen-
ntor from Illinois to move that both the resolution
and the amendment be printed.
Mi'. SHIELDS. I ask#leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, \ nat a committee of three be appointed by the
Chan to wnif on Uoms Kossuth, (Governor of Hun> arv, and
introduce lum to the Senate. w
That, AJ r. President, may supply the place of
the resolution which has been oifered by the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Sewaiid.] This is
precisely according to the precedent in the case of
Lafayette. As 1 understand the matter, on that
occasion the joint committee, which had been ap-
pointed to receive him, reported that it was impos-
sible for the two Houses to receive him by joint
action; and each branch of Congress received* La-
fayette in its own way, this body receiving him in
the manner which I propose by this resolution that
we shall receive Kossuth.
I hope there will be no" objection to considering
this resolution at this time. Louis Kossuth i<s now
amongst us. He is the guest of the country.
Here he is at your door; and, as was said by the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] the other day,
it would seem very strange that we should turn
our backs upon a distinguished man whom we
have invited here. He was invited by the nation.
He is'the guest of the nation in some measure, and
I can see no impropriety in receiving him in this
simple manner. The resolution merely provides
that he shall be introduced to the Senate, in the
same manner that Lafayette was.
I do not know whether I am transgressing the
rules of the Senate in making these remarks at
present. Perhaps I am; but there is one thing
more which I wish to mention. If this distin-
guished man shall be received at all—if we perform
this act of courtesy, it ought to be performed with
something like a good grace. It is merely an act
of courtesy, of high national courtesy; and if per-
formed at all, it should be performed m the spirit
of courtcsy.
I have hoard objections to receiving this distin-
guished man from honorable Senators whom I
esteem very highly—from my friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Underwood] and others. Why, if
LouivS Kossuth ever goes to Kentucky, my word
for it, he never received a more enthusiastic wel-
come than he will receive in that generous old
State. Sir, if there is a place on earth where an
exiled and unfortunate man would be received
warmly, enthusiastically, and nobly, it is in that
State. Take New Hampshire; would it not.be
the name there? Take Georgia; would it not be
the same there? Yet, we are told that as there
are other foreign exiles besides Kossuth, this
would be setting a bad example, and, therefore,
| this honor ought to be refused. I can scarcely
| think the term "foreign exile" ought to be a mime
j of reproach in the United States Senate.
j The PRESIDENT. The Chair \ery unwil-
| llngly inteifores with the honorable Senator; but
I the Jirst question is on considering the resolution.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the Chair will permit me,
[ wiil terminate these irregular remarks by asingle
statement.
The world is now looking to the action of this
body and this Congress. The prayers of Hun-
gary follow this man. The hopes of the liberal
party in Europe follow him. In my humble opin-
ion, he is the great man of this day. i feel that if
there is one man who will ctury out, what 1 hope
will be carried oat, the concentration of the moral
force of this age against despotism, that man is
Louis Kossuth. I think that is his mission—not
to involve us in war, not to force us into interven-
tion, but to combine, unite, and concentrate the
moral force of the civilized world against the power
of the oppression of the world. If we are to re-
ceive him at all, what con he more simple than
that three Senators should take Louis Kossuth by
the hand and introduce him to the Senate of the
United States, that wc may hear "u lu>t he has to
say for his country and Ins cause? Let us hear
him, at any rate. How are we to hear him? Flow
n the Senate to receive him? [ do not propose
giving Louis Kossuth a governmental reception.
What 1 propose is a mere act of courtesy, a mere
honor to ho paid to the representative of one of
the oldest nationalities in the worlu—a nation that
defended Christianity before this Union had an
existence.
i regret that the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Foorn] the other day withdrew his resolution. I
feel, I know that e\ery act of the Senate of the
United States is weighed, and poised, and consid-
ered in every part of the civilized world. Although
there is no one here who objects to Louis Kos-
suth, yet the withdrawal of such a resolution, the
defeat of such a proposition, goes forth to the
world as if the United States invited a man to the
country, sent a national ship to bring him to the
country, and then refused to give him the compli-
ment of a reception.
I have, m conclusion, to entreat the Senate to
consider this resolution at this time.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to consider the resolution at this time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to throw myself
upon the indulgence of the Senate to make a few
remarks, on account of the personal application,
perhaps, to myself of some of the remarks of my
friend from Illinois. It might be inferred from
what he said, that I have intimated an indisposi-
tion to receive Louis Kossuth, and give him, as
an individual, the hand of commendation. My
object in rising is to state, that as an individual,
as a man, no one, here or elsewhere, will receive
Mr. Kossuth with more heartfelt admiration than
myself; and I will venture to say for the people I
represent, that if he should visit Kentucky, my
constituency would receive him not only with that
courtesy which belongs to a distinguished foreign-
er, but with that admiration and sympathy which
they believe is due to a man indoctrinated with
the same principles of liberty which they them-
selves possess. But in the remarks which I made
the other day, 1 endeavored to draw a distinction
between what we ought to do individually as men,
and what this Government ought to do as a Govern-
ment, and this Congress ought to do as a Congress.
I endeavored then to show that this was a subject,
in all its relations, in all its bearings, which ought
not to be introduced into the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. I think so still. I have made these
remarks to put myself right in reference to the
matter suggested by my friend from Illinois. I
think he is altogether mistaken as to Kossuth's
having been invited to come to this country; but
that is a question which will come up when this
resolution shall be before us for consideration. I
do not think we ought to consider it now. Let
the resolution take the usual course.
The PRESIDENT. Then the resolution will
lie over.
ABD-EL-KADER.
Mr. HALE gave notice that to-morrow, or
some subsequent day of the session, he will ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution requesting the
President of the United States to cause a corre-
spondence to be opened with the President of the
Fiench Republic, the object of which shall be to
interpose the friendly oiHces of the Government
of the United States with that Government in be-
half of the liberation of Abd-el-Kader.
CENSUS PRINTING.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution in relation to the printing of the returns of
the seventh census.
It was read a first and second time.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BORLAND. I must object to referring1 this
proposition to the Committee on Printing. I can
see no necessity for a reference. This is not a sub-
ject involving the public printing. It is a question
as to policy, of which 1 think the Senate is the
proper judge.
Mr. BRIGHT. I know of no committee of
this body so appropriate as the Committee on
Printing, to take charge of and report upon the
joint resolution just read, and which I have offered
with a full knowledge of the importance of having
prompt action thereon.
This printing ought to have been performed du-
ring the recess of Congress, and, but for the con-
fused condition of this branch of the public service,
would now have been, on our tables. There is a
necessity for legislation before this work can be
done. I have named the individuals proposed to
be contracted with, m order that the Committee
on Printing, or nny other committee the Senate
j may think proper to refer the joint resolution to,
! may ascertain their ability to go on with the work
immediately, for delay lessens the value of the ser-
vice to be performed in this case. I think the
Committee on Printing is the more appropriate
one. and hope the Senate will so direct.
'Ene motion to refer to the Committee onPrint-
insfwas agreed to.
U THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the resolution submit-
ted by Mr. Footk of Mississippi, which he
amended by substituting the words Cffaithfully
; observed," for the word " respected," in the last
1 line; so that it stands as follows;
A "Resolution declaiing the Measures of Adjustment to be a
definitive settlement of the questions growing out of
domestic slavery.
Be it enacted, That the seiies of measures embraced m
the acts enutled " An act proposing to the State of Texaa
the establishment of her Northern and Western boundaries,
