1810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
WADE ALLEN.
The bill for the relief of Wade Allen was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the Postmaster
General to adjust and settle the claim of Wade
Allen, deceased, for extra services performed as
contractor under the firm of Allen & Kitchen, in
transporting the mail from Montgomery to Mo-
bile, in the State of Alabama, during the years
1844 and 1845, and to allow and pay to the legal
representatives of Wade Allen a just and legal
compensation for the extra services performed by
him in carrying the mails one month in each of
those years over that route on a different schedule,
and in a less time than he was required to do by
his contract; that compensation to be estimated by
reference to the original contract and the special
contract, if any such shall be proved to have been
made in relation to the performance of such extra
services.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time, and passed.
WILLIAM P. S. SANGER.
The bill for the relief of William P. S. Sanger
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to pay
to William P. S. Sanger the same rate of com-
pensation for the time he was employed as engi-
neer at the Norfolk navy-yard, as was allowed by
the act of Congress, approved September 28th,
1850, to James Heron, for services which he had
rendered at the Pensacola navy-yard.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the reading of the
report in that case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) There is no report.
Mr. GWIN. There is no report, but there is
a letter from the Navy Department which I ask
may be read.
The Secretary accordingly read a letter from the
Chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, stating
that Mr. Sanger performed the services referred
to; that he performed them to the satisfaction of
the Bureau, and that he asks meiely the same
allowance as was made by Congress to the civil
engineers at the New York and Pensacola navy-
yards for similar services, and the Bureau recom-
mend the allowance of the claim.
Mr. WALKER. I wish the Senate to under-
stand that this is one of a class of cases where it
is proposed to allow compensation to an officer
because he happened to perform duty.
Mr. GWIN. Additional duty.
Mr, WALKER. It is additional compensation
for performing duty.
Mr. GWIN. Additional compensation for per-
forming additional duty.
Mr. WALKER. This person was required to
perform duties as civil engineer at the Norfolk
navy-yard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator object to the consideration of the bill?
Mr. WALKER. No, sir. I wish simply to
remind the Senate of what they are doing. I do
not wish to see a principle established by which
we are to pay additional compensation to every
man in office who happens to perform some duty.
Mr. FELCII. I would like to inquire of the
chairman of the committee who reported this bill,
whether any compensation was ever before given
for these services ?
Mr. GWIN. If the gentleman had attended to
the reading of the letter from the Chief of the Bu-
reau of Yards and Docks, he would have seen that
the proposition is to give to this officer precisely
the same compensation which was given to officers
at New York and Pensacola for services like those
performed by Mr. Sanger. This is the third in-
stance of the kind; and Mr. Sanger is the only
officer who has not been paid additional compen-
sation for those additional services.
Mr. FELCH. The Senator does not under-
stand my inquiry. I wish to know whether any
bill ever passed before providing for the payment
of this individual for these services'
Mr. GWIN. No, sir.
Mr. FELCH. I find that two bills have been
passed for the relief of William P. S. Sanger. I
do not know whether it is the same individual or
not. My inquiry is whether those bills were
passed providing compensation for the same ser-
vices. I think it would be better to let the subject
lie over in order to examine it.
Mr. PEARCE. This bill is for an entirely dif-
ferent purpose from the bills referred to by the
Senator from Michigan. Those bills were passed
for the relief of Messrs. Sanger & De la Roche.
Mr. GWIN. This gentleman is one of the most
worthy officers in the employment of the Govern-
ment. I have examined this claim very thorough-
ly, and I was at first under the impression that the
Naval Committee had accompanied the bill with
a report. At any rate, the committee unani-
mously recommend the passage of the bill. They
believed he was entitled to the additional compen-
sation, as other officers who performed similar
services had received it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
WILLIAM G. WILLIAMS.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain "William G. Williams was read a sec-
ond time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to adjust and
settle the accounts of the late Captain William G.
Williams, of the Corps of Topographical Engi-
neers, and to allow the amount of certain vouch-
ers alleged to have been lost in consequence of
Captain Williams having been killed in the battle
of Monterey; not exceeding $300, the balance
appearing against him; and that the three months'
extia pay allowed by the act of July, 1848, be
paid to the widow or orphan children of said Wil-
liams.
Mr. PRATT. I propose to amend the bill by
adding at the end of it these words; " out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated."
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading. It was subsequent-
ly read a third time and passed.
FRANCIS B. STOCKTON.
The bill for the relief of Francis B. Stockton
was read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
proper accounting officer to pay to Francis B.
Stockton, a purser in the United States Navy, the
sum of $67 57, being the amount of losses sus-
tained by him by reason of making his deposits
of public moneys in thePhcenix Bank of Charles-
town, Massachusetts.
I, The bill was reported to the Senate without
i amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
WALTER COLTON.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Walter Colton was read a second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to the legal representatives of the late Walter
Colton, the sum of $7,8G5 33, being the amount
deposited by him in the Treasury of the United
States, above the net amount for which the prize
ship Admittance was purchased by his agent. !
Mr. GWIN objected to the consideration of the
bill; and it was passed over.
Mr. HAMLIN subsequently rose and said: 1
The Senator from California a short time ago, :
when the bill for the relief of the legal representa-1
tives of Walter Colton was under consideration, j
interposed an objection, and it was passed over. I
He has consented to withdraw his objection, and j
has requested me to call up the bill. \
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill j
as in Committee of the Whole. i
Mr. DAVIS. That bill led to a pretty sharp
discussion last year. The Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Bradbdry,] who reported it from the Com-
lriittee on the Judiciary, is not here; and I think i
perhaps it would be better to pass it over.
Mr. SHIELDS. The principal opposition made
to this bill, on a former occasion, was by myself.
Afterwards, upon a thorough investigation of the
question, 1 felt that I had not understood it at the
time I objected to it; and I determined that if it
ever came up again, I should net make any op-
position to it. I saw Mr. Colton, after I opposed
the bill. He called upon me, and laid his papers
before me, and 1 went through an examination of
them. Heisnowdead; and the bill now provides
for paying the amount to his legal repiesentatives.
I make this statement, because I recollect that
formerly I opposed the claim very violently; and
afterwards, upon a thorough examination of it, I
felt that it was a just one.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not make the objection on
my own account. I do not know that I have any
opinion about the bill. I recollected that there
were gentlemen who opposed the claim, and I
wished to state that fact. I withdraw any objec-
tion which I have made to the bill, if other gen-
tlemen are satisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
"WILLIAM GRAYSON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER announced that
the next bill upon the Calendar was one for the
relief of the heirs of Colonel William Grayson.
Mr. UPHAM. There is some dispute about
that bill, and I ask that it may be passed over.
It was passed over.
ANN C. BELKNAP.
The bill granting a pension to Mrs. Ann C.
Belknap was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
require the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Mrs. Ann C. Belknap, widow of the late
Brigadier William G. Belknap, on the list of pen-
sioners, and pay her a pension per month at the
rate of half the monthly pay to which her late
husband was entitled at the time of his death; the
pension to commence on the 1st of January, 1852;
and to continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
It was subsequently read a third time and
SANTIAGO E. ARGUELLO.
The bill for the relief of Santiago E. Arguelio
was read a second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Santiago
E. Arguelio, late a captain in the California bat-
talion, the sum of $11,548 for losses of property
sustained by him during the period of said ser-
vice, and in consequence thereof.
Mr. HALE called for the reading of the report,
and it was accordingly read. From the report it
appears that Captain Arguelio was a wealthy and
influential inhabitant of California, residing m the
vicinity of San Diego. On the invasion of the
country during the Mexican war, and on the ap-
pearance of the proclamation of Commodore
Stockton, then in command of that division of
the American forces, Arguelio placed himself at
the head of a company raised through his influ-
ence and exertions, and immediately joined the
United States forces, and fought with distinguished
bravery upon several occasions under the com-
mand of Commodore Stockton, who fully attests
j his gallantry and the importance of his services,
j On November 25,1846, he was appointed by Com-
i modore Stockton a captain of riflemen in the Cal-
ifornia battalion, and on January 16, a member
of the legislative council of the Territory. In
! consequence of his attachment to the cause of the
j United States, and the zeal and activity which he
• manifested in their service, hisrancho was ravaged
j and laid waste, his buildings burned, and his cat-
i tie and other movable effects taken away by the
I enemy, by which he appears to have been re-
! duced from competency and wealth to penury and
j dependence. The commissioner appointed byH.
Fitch, esq , Alcalde of San Diego, to examine and
report upon the losses of Aiguello, stated tinder
j oath, after a personal examination, that the per-
sonal property thus destroyed by the enemy
j amounted, at the lowest value, to $14,888. The
, committee reduced some of the items so as to al-
. low but $11,548, and consider that sum justly due
to Captain Arguelio. Accompanying the report
I are some letters of Commodore Stockton, showing
