1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
his appreciation of the services of Captain Ar-
gueUo. The report refers to a case in 1818, where
a report was m&de by a committee of the House
of Representatives in favor of a claim of the same
nature. The Senate Committee on Claims in the
second session of the Twenty-first Congress
adopted the same principle in their report on the
case of John Daly, a Canadian refugee, and on
that report a bill was passed granting to John
Daly $5,000 for supplies furnished and assistance
rendered to the Army of the United States in Can-
ada.
Mr. DAWSON. The principle involved in this
bill is one which I have not considered. It would
seem, from the report, that there have been some
cases prior to this, in which the Government
has adopted a similar principle. I do not know
whether, on examination, it would turn out that
the cases involved the same principle. Suppose
an enemy were to enter our country, and one of
■our citizens should join him-* and thus become a
traitor to his own country, and take up the cause
•of those who are invading us, are we to place him
in a condition where he could, with equity and
justice, require a foreign "Government to pay him
for any losses occasioned by his course towards
this Government * I am not prepared to adopt
this principle, nor can I consider it correct in
morals. When we invade a foreign country, and
one of their citizens joins us, and then claims the
protection of this Government against his own
people, for confiscating his own goods, ought we
to remunerate him? That is the whole amount of
this transaction.
Now, sir, I maintain that the Government of
Mexico, during the whole time that the war was
going on, had a right to confiscate the property of
this man, if he was one of their citizens, and de-
serted their standard, and took sides against his
own country. I do not think we are bound, by
any consideration of natural law, national law, or
of morals, to interpose and protect him. I do not
desire to go into the discussion now. I hope the
bill may be passed over for the present.
Mr. BRODHEAD. One word before the bill
is passed over. The Government of the United
States had the benefit of this man's services; his
property was destroyed in consequence of his at-
tachment to our cause; and if the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia will listen to the letter of Com-
modore Stockton, I think he will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. BAYARD. I suppose the bill will have to
be passed over; but I would ask the Senator from
Georgia to look into the facts of the case. I think
the case is one of great merit; indeed, I think the
sum recommended by the committee is less than
ought to be allowed.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not know that, upon
examination, I shall be opposed to the claim. At
present I am disposed unfavorably towards it;
but 1 should like to have an opportunity of ex-
amining it, and ascertaining whether this principle
has ever been recognized by the Government be-
fore.
Mr. GWIN. This gentleman is one of my
constituents, and I will say a word in regard to
him, as the remarks of the Senator from Georgia
may be misunderstood. The Senator says that
this man turned traitor to his own country. Why,
sir, the people in California then were in a state of
revolution. The Californianswerefightingagainst
the Mexican Government, and were revolution-
izing the Government. In the midst of this revo-
lution the proclamation of war reached California,
and the United States took possession of the coun-
try. This individual, because he was prominent
in opposition to the Mexican Government, inde-
pendent of our contest, was punished by the de-
struction of his property. It is one of the most
meritorious claims ever brought before the Con-
gress of the United States.
Mr. SEWARD. I feel bound to move that
this bill lie over till next Friday.
Mr. DAWSON. If the report had presented
the facts as set forth by the Senator from Califor-
nia, the case would have been different, but there is
nothing in the report about an existing revolution.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If the gentleman had list-
ened to the letter of Commodore Stockton, he
would have seen what were the facts.
Mr. DAWSON and Mr. HALE. Let the bill
lie over.
The bill was passed over.
JACOB BANTA.
The bill to enable Jacob Banta to locate two
revolutionary bounty land certificates was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to authorise Jacob Banta to enter and locate one
hundred and sixty acres of land in any land dis-
trict in Illinois or Iowa, on any lands subject to
private .entry, at the minimum price, upon pre-
senting and surrendering at such office revolution-
ary bounty land certificates, numbered 3,178 and
3,182, issued under the act of Congress of May
30th, 1830.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment and ordered to be engrossed for a
thifd readings
HENRY C. MILLER AND OTHERS.
The bill for the relief of Henry C, Miller, Philip
W. Thompson, and Jesse B, Turley, was read a
second time and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to authorize the Super-
intendent of Indian Affairs at St. Louis,Missouri,
to receive proof as to and inquire into the quan-
tity and value of oxen and other property taken
from Henry C. Miller, Philip Thompson, and
Jesse B. Turley by the Osages or other tribes of
Indians, in the month of June, 1847, while travel-
ing from the State of Missouri to Santa Fc; that
if the Superintendent shall find that the Osages, or
other Indians receiving annuities from the United
States, forcibly took said oxen from Miller,
Thompson, and Turley, then the Superintendent
is required to retain from the annuities of the In-
dians an amount sufficient to indemnify Miller,
Thompson, and Turley for the loss of their prop-
erty. It further provides, that if it shall appear
from the proof before the Superintendent that the
depredations were committed by Indians not re-
ceiving annuities from the United States, it shall
be the duty of the Superintendent of Indian Affairs
to report his proceedings, together with all the
evidence and proof in the case, to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, together with his opin-
ion as to the value of the property, in order that
the same may be paid out of the Treasury of the
United States; and that in the examination of the
claim the Superintendent shall proceed according
to the provisions of the " Act regulating trade and
intercourse with the Indian tribes and to preserve
peace on the frontiers," approved June 30, 1834.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask that the bill may be
passed over, as I intend to discuss it.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
ISAAC ADAMS.
The bill for the relief of Isaac Adams was read
a second time. It proposes to enact that the let-
ters-patent granted to Isaac Adams on the 14th of
October, 1830, for a new and useful improvement
in the printing machine, called the " power print-
ing-press," and also the letters-patent granted to
Isaac Adams on the 2d of March, 1836, for addi-
tional improvements in the power printing-press,
be extended for the period of fourteen years.
Mr. ADAMS. I am opposed to all these bills.
I intend to make a general speech on the subjcct
of the extension of patents.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill giving
rise to discussion will be passed over.
GEORGE DENNETT.
The bill for the relief of George Dennett, of
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, was read a second
time and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretai y of the Treasury
to pay to George Dennett the sum of $75 in full
for services performed by him in bringing up ar-
rearages of business in the naval office, at Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, at a time when there
was no naval officer.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall object to that bill. It
appears to me, as far as 1 can judge from reading
the report, that it is a case in which the party ac-
1 cepted the situation of naval officer, and an attempt
is made to give him extra compensation, because
the books of the office had not been brought up for
about three months anterior to the appointment.
I shall certainly object to this claim, and I ask that
it may be passed over.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 hope the Senator will allow
the report to be read.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to hearing
the report read.
At the request of Mr. Hamlin the report of the
Committee on Commerce was read, from whieh it
appears that George Dennett was appointed naval
officer for the port of Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire; that he took the oath prescribed by law,
and entered on the discharge of his official duties
on the 13th of March, 1849; that the office of naval
officer was vacant from the 18th of December,
1838, to the 13th of March, 1839; that it therefore
became Mr. Dennett's duty to bring up the-arrear-
ages of business for the time the office was vacant,
for which he received no compensation. In pur-
suance of the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and from the fact that, in the opinion
of the committee, Mr. Dennett is justly and equi-
tably entitled to compensation for that service, the
committee report a bill for his relief.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware withdraw his objection?
Mr, BAYARD. No, sir, I shall certainly op-
pose the bill whenever it comes up. It seems to
me that the principle on which it is based is utterly
unsustainable.
The bill was passed over.
HEIRS OF JAMES BELL.
The bill to amend an act entitled "An act for
the relief of the heirs of James Bell, deceased,"
was read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to enact that
the proviso to the " Act for the relief of the heirs
of James Bell, deceased," approved June30,3834,
so far as the same prevents the payment to the
heirs or legal representatives of the full amount
found to be due to them by the proper accounting
officers, under the provisions of the act of 1834,
be repealed; and that the full amount found to be
due on said account, adjusted in the manner pre-
scribed in that act, be paid to the legal represent-
atives of James Bell.
Mr. BAYARD. That bill, if I understand the
report—and I have read it very hastily while other
cases were being considered—includes the allow-
ance of interest, and defends the principle of al-
lowing interest on all revolutionary claims. I cer-
tainly shall discuss that question.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
JOHN MOORE WHITE.
The bill for the relief of John Moore White
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury cto pay to John
Moore White, the son and sole heir of John
White, a major in the army of the Revolution,
who was shun at the battle of Germantown, the
seven years' half pay to which Major White, had
he not died, would have been entitled by a resolve
of Congress, passed August 4,1780, together with
such interest thereon as would now be due, if a
certificate for the said seven years' half pay had
been issued under the operation of the funding act,
and no payment made thereon.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to discuss this bill,
Mr. MILLER. I hope the Senator will allow
the bill to be considered now.
Mr. ADAMS. If the interest is stricken out, I
shall not discuss the bill. I merely propose to
discuss the question of allowance of interest.
Mr. MILLER. I have no objection to amend-
ments being offered and acted upon-, but I will
state that this old gentleman is over eighty years
of age, is very poor, and blind, and this bill, to be
of any service to him, should be passed immedi-
ately.
Mr. ADAMS. I think this whole matter is
founded m error.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule is
very clear, that if debate arises upon a bill, it must
be passed over.
Mr, WALKER. A number of bills on the Cal-
endar are of the same character, and I wish to ob-
serve to gentlemen who are making these objec-
tions, that these claims are all based upon a solemn
promise of the Government, under resolutions
passed in 1780, 1782, 1783, and 1784, I believe,
that interest would be paid. It is a solemn con-
tract of Government, and it does seem to me
extraordinary that, at this day, gentlemen should
object to fulfilling the promises of Government,
made to these old revolutionary soldiers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill, giving
rise to discussion, must be laid over.
WILLIAM JONES.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William Jones was read a «econd time, and
