1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
the relinquishment, by the said State, of all teriitory claimed
hy her exterior to said boundaries, and of all her claims
&pon the United States, and to establish a territorial gov-
ernment for New Mexico," approved September 9, 1850 ;
An act for the admission of the State of California mto
the Union," approved September 9, 3850; " An act to es-
tablish a territorial government for Utah," approved Sep-
■tembei 9,1850 ; " An act to amend and supplementary to
an act entitled ' An act respecting fugitives from justice,
and persons escaping from the service of their masters, ap-
proved February 12, 1793,>" approved September 18,1850;
and " An act to suppress the slave trade m the District of
Columbia," approved .September 20, ISoG, commonly
known as the "Compromise Acts," are, in the judgment
of this body, entitled to be recognized as a dcfininvc adjust-
ment and rietelemem of the distiacting questions giowmg
out of the system of domestic slavery, and as such, that
said measures should be acquiesced in and faithfully ob-
eeived by.allgood citizens. I
Mr. SfOQTE of Mississippi. When I made up
■my mind to introduce the resolution novj under
consideration, 1 did not expect to say anything in ]
explanation of it. The phraseology in which it
is couched is neither mysterious nor equivocal,
and therefore I had cherished the hope that its im-
mediate adoption by this body would take place,
without any extended discussion upon the delicate
questions involved therein. I trust still, most con-
fidently, that no excited or angry debate will arise
on this resolution, either here or elsewhere, and
that the two Houses of Congress, by uniting
promptly and cordially in the solemn declaration
which has now been twice made by the President
of the United States, that he considers the series
■of measures recognized as constituting the plan of
adjustment—"as a final settlement, in principle
■and substance, of the dangerous and exciting sub-
jects which they embraced"—will do their part
"in securing an early restoration of the friendly and
fraternal relations formerly existing between the
-different sections of this Confederacy, and thus
aid, as far as it is in their power to do so, m the sup-
pression of a dangerous and unseemly agitation, the
former progress of which undoubtedly placed the
institutions of the country in extreme peril, and i
involved the Republic itself ill more or less of (lis- i
credit. In departing from my original intention, |
and undertaking to address the Senate very briefly [
at the present time, my object is simply to prevent ;
any misunderstanding touching my own motives, j
and counteracting certain misrepresentations in re- j
gard thereto, which I discover already to have been
made. 1
Mr. President, I cannot believe that there are j
many individuals in this body, who are prepared j
to declare their disapproval of the conduct of the j
President in twice deliberately and formally array-
ing all the influence of eminent station and high char-
acter in favor of a scheme of pacification and settle-
ment which had previously received the approval of
the two Houses of Congress, and to which lie had
also imparted his own official sanction; butto which
he was at the time aware that opposition of a se-
rious and imposing character had been presented
in different forms, and in opposite sections of the
Republic. What was right in itself, and worthy
of approbation in the President, will be equally
proper on the part of Congress; and I am pre-
pared to show, that still stronger reasons exist for
such action as is proposed by this resolution than
eouid be supposed legitimately to influence the
mind of the Executive. The legislation of Con-
o-ress upon the questions involved in the series of
measures referred to in the resolution, was unfor-
tunately iu its progress surrounded by circum-
stances of a nature calculated to awaken more or
lessof doubtin regard to the real intentions andfeel-
ino-s of those who participated therein; and move-
ments have subsequently occurred, not necessary
here to be specified, which have called into exist-
ence in the minds of the friends of the Union grave j
apprehensions as to the intention of those who !
were originally opposed to the measures of com-
promise to defeat,' or at least seriously obstruct, the
faithful execution of the same now and here-
after The number of those thus opposed to these
measures, it roust be acknowledged, was in the
be^nmn" by no means contemptible, and that ;
number f fear has not so much diminished of late
as many over-sanguine persons imagine. It is un-
deniable that armed opposition to a certain por-
tion of these measures lias occurred in more than
one instance in particular vicinages, easy to be
mentioned; and it is equally certain that substan-
tial resistance to other portions of this plan of
settlement has been quite as extensively contem-
plated elsewhere. Sectional jealousies, winch
have existed now for many years past, are not yet
as fully assuaged as all true patriots desire they
should be. Factious politicians have been indus-
triously at work in various States of the Confed-
eracy, to inflame the popular mind of the country
and to give perpetuity -to that unfortunate misun-
derstanding which has so long continued between
good men north and south of a certain geographi-
cal line. G-reat and persevering efforts have been
made in the free States of the North by a certain
class of political agitators, to array public feeling
against the act for the restoration of fugitives from
service, and scenes have occurred under such de-
plorable instigation of too ferocious and bloody a
character to be more than alluded to on such an
occasion as the present. Movements equally de-
plorable, in my judgment, have occurred in sev-
eral of the SouttiernStates of the Union, the ten-
dency of which has been, to a considerable extent, !
to establish relations of permanent hostility be- !
tween the people of the North and of the South. J
Belonging to that class of politicians who have
uniformly looked to the measures of adjustment
as constituting, unitedly, an equitable scheme of
settlement, I have entertained a confident hope
that they would ultimately receive a fair appreci-
ation as such at the hands of my countrymen
whether resident north or south of Mason and
Dixon's line; and 1 rejoice in believing that the
people of the Union, apart from the selfish poli-
ticians who have been so ardently struggling to
delude them, are every day growing better and
better satisfied with these measures. Still there
is something for Congress to do, in order to j*
reconcile more thoroughly the sectional feelings
which a long course of industrious agitation has '
engendered. Coming, as we do, into the halls of
national legislation from all parts of the Union,
we cannot be otherwise than prepared frankly to
report the present condition of public sentiment
among our respective constituents; and I hope
that we have it in our power, by reciprocal expla-
nations and by joint action of the kind contem-
plated by the resolution under consideration, to
restore at once that fraternal understanding among
the different sections of the Union, without which
it is impossible that the Government, itself can be
maintained, and the permanent happiness of the
nation secured. I do not expect, Mr. President,
this resolution to be unanimously adopted, either
in this House or in the House of'Representatives.
I know that there are gentlemen committed, in
both Houses, to a system of permanent opposition
to our scheme of settlement; and it is but leason-
able to expect that these persons will, both by votes
and speeches, present such opposition to any such
resolution as the one before us, as they may sup-
pose to be necessary to the maintenance of then-
local popularity, or the attainment of other objects
of a less reputable character. What I do expect
most confidently is, that this resolution, or one of
similar import," will be supported by so large a
number of both Houses of Congress, as to give
assurance to the whole country that no opposition
can ever be successfully presented to any part of
the plan of adjustment, either now or hereaftei-j
and in any quarter of the Union.
Mr. President, I have not brought forward this
resolution as a mere party man, or for the further-
ance of mere party ends. Firmly and inflexibly i
devoted as I have been since the opening days of i
manhood to the great principles of what is known
as the Democratic creed of the country, and de-
sirous on all fitting occasions to give a hearty and
unequivocal support to the same, I should scorn
myself could I consent to blend the interests of any
party with the movement which I have thought
proper to originate for the attainment of different
and far higher purposes. Nor do I, sir, look to
party alone for the support of this resolution.
Indeed, in the spirit of sincerity becoming so
grave an occasion, I must acknowledge that I
should hold it to be quite unsafe to rely alone
upon party votes for the adoption of such a
measure as is necessary to restore complete quiet
to the public mind. I will go further, Mr. Presi-
; dent, and acknowledge that I do not recognize
either of the great national parties of the country,
in their present state and condition, as entirely
reliable for the faithful maintenance of the com-
promise in all its parts. Free-soilism m the North,
and Secession in the South, are yet undeniably
exerting an influence more or less mischievous in
both the old party organizations. And events
have occurred recently calculated to excite great
alarm in the public mind in regard to "the future
action of both the parties referred to, touching the
faithful execution of the scheme of compromise.
I had hoped before I reached this city to find
both the Whig and the Democratic party pre-
pared to repudiate all further connection with
faction and its wretched devices. -My mind had
cherished the confident hope that at least* the mem-
bers of the Democratic party ,in Congress would
be prepared to declare their determination to hold
no alliance with any body of men pledged to resist
the laws, or to keep alive agitation upon the sub-
ject of domestic slavery; and I yet trust that a
course may be adopted by those gentlemen in
Congress in whom I have heretofore confided,
and with whom 1 have'delighted to cooperate on
great national occasions, more in unison with the
ancient dignity of the Democratic faith, and less
offensive to my own sense of propriety than cer-
tain proceedings which have of late gained a some-
what distressing notoriety. For my own part, Mr.
President, I am resolved, to hold no political fel-
lowship withorny association of men, by whatever
name designated, whose opinions do not harmo-
nize perfectly with the opinions of that noble body
of lovers of the Union, whom I have the honor,
for the present, alone to represent on this floor.
What my worthy constituents think on this whole
subject is so clearly and strongly set forth in the
resolutions recently adopted by our State conven-
tion, that I shall ask leave to read them in hearing
of the Senate;
Eesoiitfions of the Committee of Thirteen, reported to
the State Convention.
" Resolved, 1st, That, in tlie opinion of this Convention,
the people of Mississippi, in a spirit of conciliation and
compromise, have maturely consideicd the action of Con-
gress embracing a series of measures for tlie admission of
California as a State into the TJmon, the organization of
territorial governments for TTtah and New Mexico, the es-
tablishment of the boundary between the latter and the
State ot Texas, the suppression of the slave tiade in the
District of Columbia, and the extradition of fugitive slaves,
and connected with t'liem the rejection of the proposition to
exclude slavery fiom the Territories of the United States,
and to abolish it in the District of Columbia; and whilst
they do not entirely approve, will abide by it as a perma-
nent adjustment of this sectional controversy.
'■Resolved, 2d, That we perceive nothing in the above-
recited legislation of the Congress of the United States
which should be permitted to distitib the friendly and peace-
ful ' existing relations between the Government of the Uni-
ted Slates and the government and people of the State of
Mississippi '
" Therefore, retained, 3d, That, ill the opinion of this
Convention, the people of the Slate of Mississippi will
abide by the Union as it is, a:.d by the Constitution of tile
United States without amendments."
"Rctolved, further, 4th, That, m the opinion of tins
Convention, tlie asseited right of secession from the Union,
on tlie part of the State oi States, is utterly unsanctioned by
the Federal Constitution, which was framed to 'establish
and not to destioy the Union of the States, and that lio se-
cession can in fact take place, without a subversion of the
Union established, and which will not virtually amount in
its effects and consequences to a civil revolution.
"Resolved, further, 5th, That, whilst in the opinion of
this Convention, such are the sentiments aud opinions o.
the people of the State of Mississippi, still violations of
the rights of the people  r the State may occur winch
would amount to intoleiable oppression, and would justify
aresoit to measures of resistance, amongst which, in the
opinion of the Convention, the people of the State have
designated the following:
" Jst. 'The interference by congressional legislation witll
the m-titutionof slavery in the States. 0„,„„
"lid. Interference with the trade 111 slaves in the states.
A;;v action of Congress ori the subject oi slavery m
the District of Columbia, or in places subject to the juris-
diction of Congi'ess, incompatible with the sately and do-
mestic tranquillity—the rights and honor ot the slaveliold-
in" tth^The refusal by Congress to admit a new State into
the Union on the gro'und of her tokuating slavery within
he«5th!tThe passage of any law by Congress prohibiting
slaveiv in auv of the lerutoiies.
>' fith The'reneal of the fugitive slave law, and the neg-
lect or refusal by the (Jem-ial Government to enforce the
constitutional provisions tor tlie lcclamation ot fugitive
^'Resolved, further, 6th, That, in the opinion of this
Convention, the people ill the recent elections have been
governed by an abiding confidence that the said adjustment
measures of Congi ess should be enforced m good faith in
evorv section of the land. _
  Resolved, further, 7th, That as the people of the State
of Mississippi, in the opinion of this Convention, desire all
further agitation of the slavery question to cease, and have
acted upon and decided all the foregoing questions, there-
bv making it the duty of this Convention to pass no acts
withlil the puiview and spintof tlie law under which ltwas
called, this Convention deems it unnecessary to refer"'the
people, for their appiovaf or disapproval at the ballot-box,
U3"aRMoY-"rf,>rt'°™r8th, T1>eCony?"tlonA''(fedepeopW
! I Convention, they will continue to oeoup}. ° <he «r4at sut^
