1812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause to be paid to the legal representatives of Wil-
liam Jones, late of Massachusetts, the amount
which he would have been entitled to receive un-
der the pension act of 1818, had his name contin-
ued on the pension roll until June 92, 1829, the
day of his death.
Mr. ADAMS called for the reading of the re-
port of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
and it was accordingly read.
Prom the report it appears that William Jones
was a soldier in the war of the Revolution; that he
served as asergeantformorethaneighteen months;
that he received no bounty, gratuity, or pension
from the General Government on account of his
services; that he was entitled to a pension under
the act of 18th March, 1818; that his name was
inscribed on the pension roll under that act, at the
rate of ninety-six dollars perannam, to commence
August 16, 1819; that, before any payment was
made to him on account of his pension, it was
suspended, fur some cause unknown. The Com-
mittee consider that it is right and proper to allow
the representatives of the deceased the pension to
which he would have been entitled had his name
been kent upon the pension roll, and he received
his pension until the day of his death.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to have an ex-
planation of one fact stated in the report before I
can vote for the bill, it appears, fiom the report,
that the name of William Jones was inscribed on
the pension roil, at the rate of ยง96 per annum, to
commence on the 16th of August, 1819; but that,
before any payment was made to him on account
of his pension, his pension was suspended for some
cause unknown. I should suppose that the cause
might be ascertained from the Department. It is
not probable that the pension was suspended with-
outcause; and if there was cause, we should know
what it was. It may have been sufficient. I ob-
ject to the bill unless there is some explanation on
that head. It does not appear from the report,
that any application was made to the Department
to know for what cause the party was stricken off
the pension roll. It certainly ought to be known.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill giving
rise to debate will be laid over.
URIAH JONES.
The hill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Uriah Jones was read a second time, and con-
sidered as m Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to the legal repi esentatives of Uriah Jones,
late of Providence, Rhode Island, the sum ot
$1,180, being the amount he would have been en-
titled to receive had his name been placed upon
the pension roll, under the act of 1832, agreeably
to his application.
Mr. hsELCH called for the reading of the report
of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims; and
it was accordingly read.
From the report it appears that Uriah Jones
enlisted in the Rhode island continental line, in
the company of Captain Humphreys, attached to
the regiment under the command of Colonel An-
gell,in March, 1777, and continued to serve until
September 24,1782, when, in consequence of some
misunderstanding with Captain Allen, who ot that
time commanded the company, he, with several
others, left the army, and returned to their homes;
that he was in actual service nearly six years; was
engaged in several battles, among which were
those of Springfield, Red Bank, and Yorktown;
that he was several times wounded; and, at the
time of his death, had two balls in him; that he
never received any gratuity, pension, or bounty
from the General Government on account of his
services; that he made application to the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to be placed on the pension-
roll, under the act of 1832, but his name having
appeared on the Rhode Island roll as a deserter, his
claim to a pension was rejected. Under the net of
June 27, 1832, all privates who served six years
durinsr the war of the Revolution, were to be al-
lowed apension for life, at the rate of $80 per an num.
The question as to whether the party was entitled
to a pension turned upon the fact as to whether
he could be considered a deserter. The commit-
tee consider that it is proved by the evidence very
clearly that he was not a deserter; that he did not
leave the army until long after actual hostilities
had ceased; that he left in consequence of a mis-
understanding with his captain; and therefore that
he ought not to be considered as cut off from the
operation of the act of 1832.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
THE AMISTAD CASE.
The bill to indemnify the masters and owners
of the Spanish schooner Amistad and her cargo
was announced to be the next bill in order.
Mr. SEWARD intimating a wish to debate it,
it was passed over.
JOHN McINTOSH.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of John Mcintosh,
it proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of John Mcintosh, of Montgom-
ery county, Kentucky, on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners at the rate of eight dollars per month; the
pension to commence on the 4th of March3 1848,
and continue during his natural life.
Mr. ADAMS called for the reading of the re-
port.
The report of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions of the House of Representatives was ac-
cordingly read, from which it appears that John
Mcintosh enlisted as a soldier in 1813 in Ceptain
Henry Daniel's company of infantry; that he
marched immediately to Seneca, Ohio, and joined
the forces under the command of General William
Henry Harrison; that he proceeded from thence
with the troops on a forced march to Lower
11 Sandusky, thence to Canada, and thence to the
Thames; in wluch battle he was engaged. At the
expiration of twelve months, the time of his enlist-
ment, he was discharged fiom the serv ice. While
in the service in the line of his duty, on the forced
march referred to, he received an injury in the
right leg, producing a rupture of the muscle, from
the effects of which he never recovered, but which
continues to grow worse as he advances in life.
Two good surgeons, of respectable character, in
the State of Kentucky, state that his disability is
total. The committee therefore report a bill for
his relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
SAMUEL \V. CHILSON.
The hill for the relief of Samuel W. Chilson
was rend a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Samuel
W. Chilson (he full amount of three months' pav,
at the rate of <*>600 per annum, as compensation
for damage sustained by him in consequence of
his being discharged from duty as mail agent on
the raihoad from Boston to Springfield without
any previous notice, or without any charge of
misconduct or delinquency preferred against him,
m violation of the contract entered into by him
with the Postmaster General, dated July 23,1840,
entitling him to such notice.
Mr. ADAMS called for the reading of the re-
port of the Committee on thePost Office and Post
Roads, from which it appealed that on the 23d of
July, 1840, the Postmaster General entered into a
contract in writing with thepetifioner, Samuel W.
Chilson, whereby the petitioner engaged to serve
the Department as mail agent on the railroad
from Boston to Springfield, to take charge of the
mails, to receive and deliver the mails at the in-
termediate offices, and to perform other services
specified m the contract, for which he was to be
paid $G00 per annum. The contract was for one
ye>jr, and it contained a provision that the peti-
tioner should gi\e three months' notice before he
quitted the service, and that the Postmaster Gen-
eral should give him like notice before he dis-
charged him, providing, however, that he might
be discharged at any time for palpable delinquency
in the discharge of his duties. The contract was
continued by consent of both parties, and the pe-
titioner remained in the service of the Department
until February 28, 1842, when he was discharged
without any previous notice, or any charge or
claim of misconduct or delinquency; but it appears
by the statement of the Department that the Post-
master Geneial and the railroad company, not
being able to agree on the terms for the transport-
ation of the mail over the railroad, the mail was
withdrawn from that company, and transported
for a short time in some other way. This waa
assigned as a reason for discharging the petitioner.
This was a contingency that was not foreseen or
provided for in the contract, and in the opinion of
the committee it does not take away the right of
the petitioner under the contract. lie was not a
public officer, but merely performing a service
under a contract, and has the same claim for
breach of contract as he would have had if the
contract had been with an individual. The com-
mittee, therefore, report a bill for his relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
CREW OF THE MISSOURI.
The bill for the relief of the petty officers and
seamen of the late United States* frigate Mis-
souri, was read a second time and considered as
m Committee of the Whole. Itproposes to direct
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
pay to each of the petty officers, seamen, marines,
and others composing the crew of the United
States frigate Missouri, at the time that ship
was burned in the harbor ofGibraltar, in August,
1843, the sum of $75, in consideration of the loss
of clothing and other personal effects, sustained
by them in consequence of their exertions in en-
deavoring to preserve the property of the United
States.
Mr. BORLAND. Within the last three or four
years several cases have been before the Senate,
not precisely like this, but involving the same
principle, and my impression is, that they have
been invatiably rejected. There is now pending
a claim of the officers of the brig Somers, which
was iost at Vera Cruz. I must object to the con-
sideration of this bill.
The bill was passed over.
THOMAS J. PAGE.
The bill for the relief of Thomas J. Page was
read a second tune, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to audit and adjust the
account of Lieutenant Thomas J. Page, of the
United States Navy, for his expenses in preparing
his accounts as acting purser of the United States
brig Dolphin, and to pay the same, provided the
amount to be thus paid shall not exceed $75.
Mr. DAVIS called for the reading of the report
of the Committee on Naval Affairs; and it was
accordingly read.
From that report it appears that the memorialist
alleged that in October, 1849, while on the East
India station, he was appointed to command the
brig Dolphin, and with the command was con-
nected the appointment of purser; that he per-
formed the duty of purser on board the vessel,
and adjusted accounts for the Government as act-
ing purser, and submits an account of the time he
was employed, for which he claims compensation
at the rate of $1,500 per annum, making the sum
of $3,037 92. The report of the committee, which
was made by Mr. Mallory, goes into the whole
question ofallowances to naval officers, and comes
to the conclusion that the memorialist is not enti-
tled to pay as purser for performing the duties of
purser while acting in command of the brig Dol-
phin; but, inasmuch as he was subjected to some
expenses in preparing statements of accounts be-
yond the sphere of his ordinary and legitimate
duty, the committee report a bill for his relief to
that extent.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know that 1 have any
objection to the bill. I believe, from hearing the
report read, that the committee arrived at a very
correct conclusion in regard to the general princi-
ple. That is, that a person commanding a small
vessel is not entitled to the pay of a purser be-
cause he performs the duties of purser. The com-
mittee propose, however, to make some allowance
m consequence of some extra expenses to which
the officer was put on account of preparing books
and matters of that sort. To that I have no ob-
jection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
HEIRS OF BENJAMIN O. MOOERS.
The bill for the relief of Benjamin O. Mooers,
