1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. BUTLER.. The gentleman, then, is imi-
tating Lycurgus. He does not wish these laws
to be changed" until he does come back; and he
says that he is coming back.
Mr, FOOTE. The difference is that Lycurgus
went away with the intention never to return,
whereas I go animo revertendo, for I design return-
ing in little more than a year from this time.
Mr. BUTLER. Then the gentleman intends
to be superior to Lycurgus. He is going to come
back when he pleases. Nothing can prevent him;
not even death itself. I understood that Lycur-
gus went away expecting to die. I would not
wish any such fate to befall the gentleman; but it
is not for him to control his fate and to come back
whenever he pleases.
Mr. FOOTE. My Union-loving Legislature
will send me back
Mr. BUTLER. That is relying upon the fidel-
ity of your "faithful commoners."
Mr. FOOTE. I do rely upon them.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not wish to protract my
remarks. I may have occasion when I have de-
liberated more upon the subject to say something
else. I would wish to say nothing now incon-
sistent with the gravity of the subject and what
should become the deliberations of this body.
If the debate shall be continued hereafter, I may
take occasion to go into it fully.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I shall claim the
attention of the Senate, Mr. President, for a short
period only, in responding to the very extraordi-
nary harangue with which the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] has favored us this morn-
ing. ' The exhibition which has just drawn to a
dose, sir, must have surprised every member of
this body, as assuredly it has astounded myself;
though there sepms to be more or less reason to
suppose that the honorable gentleman did not
■come to the conclusion to entertain us in a manner
so striking and peculiar without considerable pre-
vious deliberation. Indeed, I should conjecture,
from something in the honorable gentleman's man-
ner and certain attendant circumstances, that the
part which he has deemed it becoming to enact
this morning, was devolved upon him, to some
'extent, as the result of previous concert and con-
sultation. At any rate, it would lie wronging the
gentleman, I imagine, very greatly ntit to sup-
pose that the speech which he has just delivered
"was the fruit of much meditation, as surely it
ought to have been. Well, sir, I will accord to j
the gentleman all the credit to which he may be
intrinsically entitled for having made just such a j
temperate, dignified, and statesman-like speech, as !
might have been expected from a Senator of his '
liigh reputation after the fullest deliberation and the
amplest consultation.
Mr.- BUTLER. I have had concert with no
"human being, and very little deliberation upon
this resolution, for I only heard of it a short time
ago.
Mr. FOOTE. Then the gentleman has had the
misfortune to have been inops concilii. It would
seem that he has neither consulted his friends nor
Iiis own sound understandings in justice to him-
«elf and the grave subject under consideration, he
should have done before he ventured upon that
stormy sea of controversy, amid whose swelling
waves he has been essaying to navigate. "What
the honorable gentleman can see in this poor reso-
lution of mine to justify him in that fierce revolu-
tionary harangue, to which he has just given
utterance, is entirely beyond my powers of dis-
cernment. Is there anything 111 the resolution
personally insulting to that gentleman, or his sen-
sibilities? Is there anything in it insulting to any
of the sovereign States of this Confederacy > Was
there anything in the few remarks which I offered
to the Senate in support of the resolution, breath-
ing the least discourtesy or suggestive of the least
disrespect to any human being in the world ? The
Senate will bear me witness that I am innocent m
all these respects; and yet the gentleman says that
this is a very offensive resolution; and he rather
intimates that it is intended to have a special effect
in some vicinage of the South, where deliberations
are now in progress which the honorable gentle-
man fears may^be more or less disturbed by the
adoption of such a resolution as the one before
us. Sir, I confess that I do not exactly under-
stand the honorable gentleman upon this point.
Certainly the resolution was introduced for no
sinister or concealed purpose, nor for any purpose
not clearly explained by me already. 11 is quite
a mistake to suppose that I designed to interfere
at all with any such deliberations as lie more than
hints may be now going on in his own State, hav-
ing in view the withdrawal of that respected State
from the Confederacy. Indeed I did not at all
advert to the fact, in offering the resolution to the
consideration of the Senate, that such deliberations
as the gentleman refers to were going on. I will
deal very frankly with the gentleman and the Sen-
ate, Mr. President, in reference to this very deli-
cate point, and say that if the favorable action of
the Senate upon this resolution should have the
effect of quieting excitement in South Carolina,
and effectually reconciling that noble State to re-
maining in the Confederacy, I shall be rejoiced
beyond measure at such a result. But, sir, I again
solemnly disclaim having intended to intermeddle
with the special domestic concerns of any State in
the Confederacy, or to obstruct any proceedings
of a domestic character which may be now in prog-
ress in South Carolina.
But the gentleman says, and certainly not with
his accustomed courtesy, that, m his judgment,
this resolution is unwise and unnecessary. That
is the gentleman's opinion. Well, sir, in my
judgment, I will not say the resolution is a wise
one, as this might look a little egotistical, but I
will aver that I consider it quite a judicious one,
and, under all the circumstances which surround
us, almost indispensably necessary to the public
repose and safety. I wish to make known to the
honorable gentleman, also, that, (varying very de-
cidedly from his own example on this occasion,) I
did not introduce the resolution until I had made
the movement which it proposes the subject of much
calm and dispassionate examination, nor until I
had consulted, as to the expediency of offering it,
many gentlemen of acknowledged wisdom and of
tried patriotism; and its introduction was therefore
not determined upon by me until men far sager than
myself had thus aided me with their valuable coun-
sels. I regret that I have not had the good fortune to
secure the honorable gentleman's cooperative aid in
support of my resolution; and he will allow me to
express the regret, which I should certainly feel,
should I find out, or have reason to believe here-
after, that lie would have been somewhat more
inclined to have been a co-laborer with me on this
occasion had the State of Mississippi not refused
so signally in September last to cooperate with
certain persons in South Carolina in breaking up
the Union. I protest most seriously against such
a perversion of the lex talionis principle on the
part of the honorable gentleman
The Senator said, I think, something about his
not being willing to worship at the foot of a tree
that bears poisonous fruit; and he says this in
reference to the measures of compromise referred
to in the resolution. I am not entirely certain
that I duly comprehend this figurative language,
which, to say the least of it, is as mystical m
meaning as it is trite in allusion; but if I am
to understand the honorable Senator as com-
paring the whole series of measures embraced in
the plan of adjustment to a tree bearing fruit de-
structive of human life, then I must tell him that
no such death-producing fruit has yet fallen from
the boughs of that goodly tree upon the sacred soil
of Mississippi, and that 1 am of opinion that the
honorable gentleman has been unfoitimate enough
wholly to have misconceived the true character and
bearing of the measures in question.
Sir, what are those measures, that they should
thus be denounced bjfore tlic country? Have
they so operated as to injure any State of the Con-
federacy in any substantial respect whatsoever?
Have they not rescued the Republic from such
dangers as never were known to menace it with
destruction at any former period of our history'
Is there a single one of them all that can be justly
charsed with" violating the Constitution, or_ with
threatening serious detriment, or any detriment
whatever, to any section of the Union in all com-
ing time ? I shall not at present go into a minute
examination of these measures; it is notnecessary.
But the Senate, I know, will bear with me whilst
I offer abrief and runningcommentary upon them,
in order to show how little they deserve the harsh
crimination which they have this day received at
the hands of the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, in the progress of a speech which, I
must say, has been declamatory from beginning
to end, and in which I cannot now recollect a
single sentence that approximated to the dignity
of argument.
To begin with the California •question, " Sir, it
is perfectly well known herettaitl did not'"rote
for the admission of California. It was not hi «ty
power to dp so, without-violating public sentiment
among my own particular constituents, unless in-
deed that act should W made to form -part of a
general scheme of settlement; and I decidedly pre-
ferred, at any rate, voting for the retention of
California in the territorial condition for a year or
two. My reasons for desiring that this should be'
the condition of California for a short period,
were stated very ftanklv and fully at the time, ill
hearing of this body, and I shall not now recitetliem.
But I wish it to be understood, sir, that I never
regarded such act of admission as at all violative
of the Constitution. On the contrary, I have con-
stantly been of opinion, that there was no ground
for doubt upon this point; and I am happy to
recollect that my own honored constituents have
at all time, with singular unanimity, entertained
the same opinion. Indeed, Mr. President, I think
myself justified in believing that there were never,
even in this body, any considerable number of
gentlemen who were willing to risk their character
as public men before the country, by the assertion
that the act of Californian admission was uncon-
stitutional in its character. I well recollect that
the honorable gentleman from Virginia, who sits
over the way, [Mr. Hunter,] in his celebrated
protest, cautiously declined the assumption of any
such position, and if I do not err in memory, that
gentleman intimated, at the time of its presentation
here, an impression that the measure of admission
was not fairly subject to objection upon mere con-
stitutional grounds. If the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, to whom I am at present respond-
ing, entertained the opinion upon this question
which he now expresses, be certainly made noth-
ing like a regular argument in support of this view
of the subject, or if he did do so, it was not of a t
nature sufficiently striking to fix itself distinctly in
my memory. Sir, California was admitted just in
the mode adopted for the admission of every new
State that has heretofore ejitered into the Confed-
eracy. If she was unconstitutionally admitted,
none of the new States heretofore admitted have
ever yet found their way into the Confederacy in
such manner as to entitle them to recognition, as
legitimately appertaining to our Confederacy of
sovereign States. Sir, I will not argue the question
at length; it would be wholly profitless to do so.
But let me ask the honorable Senator if it be in his
power to show in what manner the admission of
California has been at all detrimental to any of the
older States of the Confederacy? In what respect
is it possible that any such detriment could have
been experienced ? Have the people of California
not been as good citizens since their admission as
one of the sovereign States of this Union,as they
were antecedent thereto ? Have not the governmen-
tal proceedings of thatnew State been such as should
command the respect of the nation? Is it not an
ascertained fact, and does not the gentleman from
South Carolina know, that the people of Califor-
nia have shown themselves as free from all senti-
ments of hostility to our peculiar institutions of the
South as the citizens of any Southern State in the
Union ; If he is not aware of the fact, I beg leave
to inform him, that the sentiment of frnatical op-
position to the system of domestic slavery e':l;-;t-
i ing in the South, has never yet made itself mani-
fest in the legislative councils of this new State. I
I say this in hearing of those altogether competent to
i correct me if 1 am in error upon the subject. Be-
I sides, the Senator from South Carolina should
1 recollect that California, from the moment of her
| admission, has been represented in this Chamber
; by <x gentleman whom we all respect, and who
! on air occasions has shown himself, in reference
\ to the delicate and distracting questions which have
i placed the Republic in so much jeopardy, a true
| patriot, a zealous supporter of the constitutional
' rights of the South, and an unswerving friend of
i the Union. The admission of California, then, I
contend has done us no injury, and the particular
: section of which the honorable Senator from South
|; Carolina is the faithful and efficient representative
l' here, has had no reason, thus far, to complain of
h such admission.
i! Sow, sir, let us turn our attention for a moment
to what is called t'ne territorial acts. These bills
" provide territorial governments for Utah and i^ew
