1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
*some point on the Tennessee river, at or near!
* Deposit, Alabama*," which was read a first and !
second time by its title, and referred to the Com- ;
rnittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, j
and the bill and report ordered to be printed.- j
On motion by Mr. COBB, it was ordered that I
the Committee on Public Lands be discharged i
from the further consideration of the following i
memorial, and petition, and that the same be laid 1
upon the table, viz:
The memorial of the General Assembly of the j
State of Alabama, praying a grant of lands to ;
■equalize the sixteenth section school fund; I
The petition of citizens of Missouri upon the '
•same subject; and '
The memorial of the Genera! Assembly of the !
State of Alabama, praying for a reserve of public ,
lands in the district of St. Stephens, in said State. ;
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public >
Lands, to which was referred House bill No. 74,
to reduce and graduate the price of the public
lands to actual settlers and cultivators, reported
the same back with sundry amendments; which
bill and amendments were referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the report accompanying, ordered to be
nrintcd.
Mr. HENN,from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill of the House No. 217, to
legalize certain entries of public lands made in the
State of Florida, reported the same back without
amendment.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I pledge myself
not to occupy more than three minutes of the time
of the House. It will be recollected, that many
years ago a law was passed for the armed occupa-
tion and settlement of Florida; under which, citi-
zens of the other States, as well as of the State of
Florida, were induced to occupy portions of the
public lands on the Indian frontier. The con-
ditions were, that settlers should reside for five
years upon the land, with other conditions. In
some instances they did not comply with the con-
ditions of the grant, and their permits were for-
feited before the expiration of the time. But the
first conditions of the grant having been complied
with, a permit was issued to the settler, and the
lands were withdrawn from sale. When the per-
mits were forfeited for any cause, lands reverted
to the General Government. Under these circum-
stances, individuals applied at the land office, paid
their £1 25 for the land, presuming that they were
subject to entry. The land officers m Florida
considered that such was the fact, and so decided.
That was the construction they placed upon the
instructions from the General Land Office. When
the parties who, under these circumstances,bought
and paid for their lands, came to apply for their
patent, they were told by the Commissioner here
that, inasmuch as the lands had been once with-
drawn from sale, they could not be entered with-
out being offered at public sale a second time.
Now, by virtue of the certificate of the land officers
in Florida, they have gone upon these lands, set-
tled and improved them, and at this moment they
are liable to be dispossessed by mere squatters or
preemptionists. This bill was prepared at the
General Land Office, and inasmuch as these par-
ties have paid the money, and inasmuch as the
Government never can get one cent more for them
—for if you do not confirm the titles of the pres-
ent occupants, squatters or preemptionists will
take possession of them—we earnestly ask that
these titles shall be confirmed.
Mr. HOUSTON". I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Florida [Mr. Cabell] a question. I
understood him to say that these lands were with-
drawn from public sale?
Mr. CABELL. By virtue of the law, when
the permit was taken out by the persons who went
out under the armed occupation, they were neces-
sarily withdrawn from sale. It was supposed
that these parties would go on and comply with
the terms; but for some reason they did not comply
with them, and they forfeited their titles, and then
other persons went on and entered the lands. They
cannot get their patents, because the lands, having
been once withdrawn, were not subject to private
entry until agam p it into market by advertisement.
•Mr. HOUSTON. Have they" been ofaed at
public sale ;
Mr. CABELL. They have, and the parties
have paid Government price. 1 ask that the bill
be put upon its passage.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move to re- j
fer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the j
state of the Union; and I desire to repeat what I <
said in reference to the bill presented by the gen- j
tleman from Alabama- [Mr, Cobb.] I do not do j
it because I am opposed to the passage of the hill, !
but because I want other committees m this House i
to have a chance to make their reports. If the '
Committee on Public Lands are to be indulged in i
this course of putting all their bills upon their final i
passage, the rest of the committees will not have !
a chance to report this session. Yesterday was j
consumed in the presentation of two reports from !
the Committee on Public Lands; and before that
time they had been reporting for two months. If 1
they continue at this rate, when, in the name of 1
all that is reasonable, will they disgorge themselves.
They have occupied the attention of the House
for more than two months. I move the previous i
question upon my proposition, and give notice, i
that I intend to do so upon every other case, if I ,
can sret the floor. |
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; which was upon referring
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the i
state of the Union. I
The question was then put, and upon a division
there were—ayes 57, noes 46; no quorum voting.
Mr. CABELL demanded tellers; and Messrs.
Stanton, of Tennessee, and Fuller, of Maine,
were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Florida, [Mr. Cabell,] if
this bill does anything more than to propose to
let the persons who are on the lands, and have
made improvements upon it, to take it at Govern-
ment prices?
Mr. CABELL. Nothing more. They have
paid the Government price, and they are liable to
be dispossessed of their lands unless this bill pass,
although they have made improvements thereon.
Mr. JONES. Then I can see no objection to j
the immediate passage of the bill. I
Mr. FOWLER. I think the question is not j
fully understood. Will the Speaker have the J
goodness to state it again ? j
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported from ;
the Committee on Public Lands, and the question ,
was whether it should be ordered to a third read- ;
ing? During the pendency of that question a j
motion is made to refer it to the Committee of;
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then taken; and the tellers ^
(Messrs. Stanton, of Tennessee, and Fuller, of ;
Maine) reported that there were—ayes 30, noes ;
not counted. So the bill was not referred. |
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I believe the 1
previous question is exhausted. |
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order upon j
the bill. None can be indulged except by unani- j
mous consent, the previous question not having
been exhausted. j
Mr. STUART. I understand the gentleman
from Florida [Mr. Cabell] to state, that if this
bill does not pass, these men who have bought the
land and paid for it will lose it, by somebody else
,1 preempting it.
|j Mr. CABELL. It may be done.
! Mr. STUART. How can any one preempt
'i land that is occupied by another?
! Mr. CABELL. Because those upon it are not
i entitled to the right of preemption under the law,
, although others are.
i The'bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a j
third reading; and, having been engrossed, was
! read the third time.
I Mr. CABELL. I ask that the bi«l be put upon
i its passage; and 1 demand the previous Question.
'i Mr. SEYMOUR. I ask that the bill be read .
through.
The bill having been read by the Clerk—
The previous question was seconded, and the .
main question ordered to be put; which was upon ;
the final passage of the bill. ^ !
The question was then taken, and the bill was
passed.
Mr. CABELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed Vo.
JAMES W. CAMPBELL.
, Mr. HEXN. The Committee on Public Lands,
i! to whom was referred the petition of James \V.
Campbell, of Pike county, Missouri, asking the
privilege of entering lands with two receivers1 re-
ceipts for moneys paid for two entries which, by
some neglect on the part of the lajnd officers, were
never consummated, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. PORTER. I ask that the bill be put upon
its passage. It is a plain case, and I can make it
perfectly clear to the House in a few moments, by
reading the bill and the report. They will explain
the whole matter.
Mr. P. called for the reading of the report.
The Clerk read the report.
Mi\ PORTER. I think this is a very plain
case; and, as the reading of the report has taken
up a great deal of time, I call for the previous
question*
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. This is a pri-
vate bill. Is it too late to move to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole House?
The SPEAKER. It is. The previous ques-
tion is demanded.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put; and,
being put, the bill was ordered to beengrossed and
read a third time; and, having been read a third
time, was passed.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr." HENN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported hack, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, House
bill No. 69, " to create three additional land dis-
tricts in the State of Iowa:" which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENN, from the sam* committee, reported
back House bill No. 41, " granting the right of
way and making a donation of the public lands to
the*Territory of Minnesota, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from the Falls of the St. Louis
river to St. Paul, on the Mississippi river,*' with-
out amendment, and with a recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. SIBLEY. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether, if this bill is referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, it can be
taken up on the territorial days as a territorial
measure 5
The SPEAKER. That will be a question for
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to determine.
Mr. SIBLEY then moved that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and that it be printed; which motion
was agreed to.
SALT SPRING LANDS OF IOWA.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Public
Lauds, reported back Senate bill No. 55, " to re-
linquish to the State of Iowa the lands reserved
for salt springs therein," with an amendment, and
with a recommendation that the amendment be
agreed to, and that the bill do pass.
The bill and amendment were then lead.
Mr. HENN. 1 will merely state to the House
that, by the act of the 3d of March, 1845, which
was supplemental to the art for the admission of
the States of Iowa and Florida into the Union,
these salt springs, with the lands adjoining, were
granted to the State of Iowa, with this proviso, to
wit:
Provided* That no sr.aU "pilng, the right wheicof now
vested in any individual or individuals, or which may liore-
aftoi bc> confirmed or a:ijudurfd to any individual oi nidnul-
ual:x, -11 a 1!. by tin-; section, be o anted to >aui State : *dnd
proi j./cf'. also, That the General \^emhly -hall never W&e
oi foil the same, at anv one time, tor a louder period than
ten \t*arsi, without the consent of Congress. *5
The object of this bill is to take away this last
proviso, which virtually entitles the State only to
lease the lands for a term t f tea years. The State
has, by her legislation, put the proceeds of these
lands into the school fund, and we ate anxious to
sell the lands, in order that they may be settled,
and that the school fund may be made available
at once. The Supeuntendent of Puhhe Instruc-
tion has lately written a very urgent letter to the
delegation from the State, requesting them to pro-
cuie the immediate passage of a bill like this, for
the reason that the S:ate Medical College of Iowa,
for whose benefit a portion of she proceeds from
the sale of these lands has been set apart, is in
want of funds.
