1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. The question of order I make
is this: The resolution was read, and the gentleman
from Alabama paid no attention to its reading.
The Chair called upon the House to know if there
were any objection, and there was no objection,
and it was not until the second reading of the res-
olution that the gentleman objected. I therefore
submit that the objection comes too late.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman's own state-
ment shows that he paid no attention to what did
take place.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the ob-
jection was not too late.
So objection being made, the resolution was
not admitted.
INDIAN CLAIMS.
Mr. FREEMAN. I ask the unanimous eon-
sent of the House to take up Senate resolution
No. 39, authorizing the examination of the claims
of the Biloxi Bay Indians, for its reference to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
There was no objection, and the joint resolu-
tion was read a first and second time by its title,
nnd referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the regular order |
of business.
FLORIDA AND ALABAMA RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The business m order is the
consideration of House bill No. 271, entitled " A
* bill granting the right of way and a portion of
1 the public lands to the States of Florida and Al-
* abama, for the construction of certain railroads
1 in said States." The pending question is upon the
amendment submitted by the gentleman from Flor-
ida, [Mr. Cabell,] in the nature of a substitute.
[The Clerk here read the substitute, which has i
been published heretofore.]
Mr. CABELL. I will only ask the attention
of the House to a statement of the effect of this
amendment. It differs from the original bill in
this, that it embraces the amendment which was
made to the Missouri railroad bill as it camefiom
the Senate, that these companies shall take the
lands appropriated by the bill as the road advances
by the ten miles. When they construct ten miles
of the road they are to take the land granted to
them along that distance. It dUFeis also from the
original bill in this, that it prevents a collision in
the selections of land between this railroad and
the one contemplated by the bill of the gentleman
from Alabama, which crosses it at right angles.
These are the only differences between the original
bill and my proposed substitute. If the House is
favorable to the bill, I trust it will adopt the sub-
stitute.
Mr. COBB. My colleague's [Mr. Abkrcrom-
bif.] road is provided for in the bill, is it not?
Mr. CABELL. The bill provides for no other
than the Florida railroad.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. The amendment of
the gentleman from Florida is a proper one. It
prevents any conflict hereafter occurring between
the Florida road and the one proposed by my bill
in the selection of the land granted by the Gov-
ernment to aid in their construction. One crosses
the other at right angles. 11
Mr. CABELL. As the gentleman has stated, i1
my substitute, by this variance from the original M
bill, is only intended to obviate a collision of in- n
terests, which will hereafter occur if the bill for
the Alabama railroad pass. There is no other but ij
the Florida railroad provided for. ji
Mr. AVERETT. It is almost impossible to ]|
hear, from the confusion in the Hall, what is read !!
at the Clerk's desk, and in consequence we are j!
voting upon amendments, the contents of which j j
are not known to us. i would inquire of the j;
Chair whether amendments have been received |l
since the call for the previous question has been [I
seconded ? ! [
The SPEAKER. None have been received j
since the call for the previous question was sec- I
onded. i
Mr. AVERETT. I understood the gentleman j
had submitted an amendment whilst the House 1
was acting under the operation of the previous :
question. !|
The question was put on the substitute, and ij
upon a division there were—ayes 65  !'
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Moore of
Louisiana, and Orr were appointed.
Mr. ORR. If I am indulged in a remark, I
think the House will sustain the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair trusts that the
gentleman may be indulged.
Mr. ORR. The remark I desire to submit does
not go to the merits of the bill.
Mr. AVERETT. If the House is acting under
the operation of the previous question I object, un-
less the opponents of the measure be also allowed
an opportunity to reply.
Mr. ORR. The amendment is all right, and
gentlemen may vote for or against it as they
choose.
The question was again put, and the substitute
was adopted; thetellers having reported—ayes 84,
noes 37.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, there
being upon a division—ayes 27, not a sufficient
number.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to lay the bill
upon the table; and upon that motion demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the motion
to lay upon the table was disagreed to—yeas 73,
nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Averett, Babcock,Thos.
II. Bayly, Beale, Bibighaua, Bocock, John H. Boyd, Buell,
Bint, Ca^kie, Damol, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Edmund-
son, Floyd, Fowler, Gaylord, Giddings, Goodenow, Grow,
Hamilton, ttammond, Isham G. Harris, Halt, Hascall,
Holladay, Horsford, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, Ives,
Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Preston King, Letcher, Maun,
Martin, Mason, McLanahan, McQueen, Meade, Millson.
Morehead, Muitay, Newton, Andrew Paikei, Perkins^
Powell, Reed, Kiddle, llobbins, Robie, Rot.s, Russell, Sav-
a?e, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton,
Smart, Itiehard II. Stanton, Sutherland, Sweet^ei, Thuif-
ton, l uck, Wallace, Washburn, Wildriok, and Wood-
ward—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Barrere,
Bell, Bovvne, Biagg, Brenton, Brigs?, Georae II. Brown,
E. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell, L. D. Campbell, Thomp-
son Campbell, Chandler, Churciiwell, Chngman, Cobb,
Congei, John G. Davis-, Disncj, Dot>, Duncan, Dunham,
Du  kee, Evans, Piekhn, Fitch, Florence, Fieeman,Gently,
Goodneh, Gorman, Grey, Harper, Sampson W. Hairis,
Haws, Hendricks, Ilenn, Houston, Howard, John W.
Ilowe, Thomas? M. Ilowe, Jackson, James Johnson, John
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kuhns, Landrv, Loekhart,
Mace, Humphrey Maishall, McMuliin, MoNair, Miller,
Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Mooic, Nabers, Olds, Orr,
Samuel W. Pai ker, Perm, Penunnan, Phelps, Porter, Price,
Richaidson, Robinson, Sackett, Sehermerhorn, School-
eiaft, Scurry, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,Frederick
I\ Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, St. Maitm, Stuart, Tay-
lor, Walsh, Ward, Walking, Welch, Wilrov, Williams,
and Yates—87.
So the motion to lay upon the table was dis-
agreed to.
Previous to the announcement of the above
vote,
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, stated that he had
paired oif with Mr. Stephens, of Georgia.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill was then read the third time.
Mr. CABELL. I move to put the bill upon
its passage, and upon that motion demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question now being, Shall the bill pass?—
Mr. BUELL demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken,and there were—
yeas 77, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abeicronibie, Willis Allen, Bairere,
Bell, Btagg, Brenton, Briggs, George II. Brown, E. Car-
rington Cabell. Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell,
Chandler, Chngman, Cobb, Congei, John G. Davis, Dis-
ney, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Evans, Fieklin, Fitch, Flor-
ence, Freeman, Gentry,Goodrich,Gorman, Harper, Samp-
son W. Harris, Haws, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Houston,
Howard, John W. Howe, James Johnson, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Kuhns, Landry, Loekhart, Mace,
Humphrey Marshall, MeNait, Miller, Miner, Molony, H.
D. Moore, John Moore, Nabers, Olds, Orr, S. W. Parker,
Perm, Phelps, Porter, Price, Richaidson, Sackett, Seher-
merhorn, Scurry, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, F. P.
Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Stuart, Taylor, Walsh,
Ward, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Wilcox, Williams, and
Yates—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Averett,Babcock,Thos 
H. Bayly, Beale, Bibighaus, Bo-cock, John H. Boyd, Buell,
Burt,Caldwell, Caskie, Chapman, Church well, Cartis, Dan-
iel, Dawson, Dean, Dimimck, Dockery, Edmundson, Ew-
ing, Floyd, Fowler, Gamble, Gaylord, Giddings, Goode-
now, Grey,Grow, Hamilton, Hammond, I. G. Harris, Hart,
Hascall, Holladay, Horsford, Thomas M Howe, Thomas
Y. How, Ifunter, IngersoJl, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, D. T. Jone*, Geo. W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Prestors
ICmg, Letcher, Mann, Martin, Mason, McLanahan, Me-
Ciueen, Meade. Millson, Morehead, Murray, Newton, An-
drew Parker, Peaslee, Pen kins. Powell, Reed, Robbins?
Robie, Ross, Ru^el), Savage, David L. Seymour, Origen
S. Seymour, Skelton, Smait, Snow, Riebard H Stanton,
Thaddeus Stevens, Sutherland, Sweet&er,Thurston, Tuck,
Wallace, Washburn, Wildrick, and Woodward— 85.
So the bill was rejected.
The SPEAKER. The bill next in order is the
bill proposing to give the right of way to railroads
generally.
Mr. JENKINS. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was just rejected, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
Mr. CABELL. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHNGMAN. Is it not in order to move
to suspend the rules and go into Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has no£
yet expired.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a point of ordere
The point of order I raise is simply this: I do not
object, myself, to the motion to reconsider, be-
lieving it to be in order, but the House may think
differently. At the last Congress this point was
raised and settled by an appeal to the House. I
understand this question has been already once
reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken,
The vote upon the passage of the bill has not been
reconsidered. That vote has but this monieufc
been taken.
Mr. ORR. It was the reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole that was reconsidered.
Mr. STUART. I move to proceed to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. KING, of New York. Let us dispose of
the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the regular order of business will be the
consideration of private business upon the Speak-
er's table.
THE REPORT ON PRINTING.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to commit the bill, with all the
amendments, which was pending yesterday m re-
i gard to the public printing, to the Committee on
] Printing. The chairman of the select committee
! [Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky,] and myself have
: agreed to have a joint meeting between us this
| evening, and I desire that the whole business be
; recommitted to the Committee on Printing with
I that view.
Mr. KING, of New York. I object to the re-
commitment. I think that we had better have
this matter settled now.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day?
it is competent under the rules, in the opinion of
the Chair, to proceed to the consideration of pri-
vate business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. ORR. The House can by a vote deter-
mine to proceed to other business.
The SPEAKER. The difficulty is, that the
gentleman could not get in a motion to proceed to
that description of business. It is competent for
the House to go into a Committee of the Whole
House, or Committee of the Whole on the state
ofthe Union.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What has
become of the motion to lay on the table ? Is that
passed by, as a matter of course?
The SPEAKER. We have passed from the
consideration of that subject, the morning hour
having expired. That question is pending when
we shall again return to the morning hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thought I had the floor,
and it was taken from me by the privileged motion
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Jenkins.]
. ^ The SPEAKER. The gentleman has lost no
! right, however.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask if it be the
pleasure of the House to take up and vote upon
the deficiency bill, which has come back from the
