1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOsifL
m
declares that the Southern States will be inevitably-
ruined unless there is more of corrcbfd and united
action among them. There are two answers to
this part of the honorable gentleman's speech.
First, I am of opinion that the South is really al-
ready in quite-a united condition—every Southern
•State, except South Carolina, having clearly and
undeniably decided in favor of acquiescence in the
acts ef Adjustment; and secmdly, if thereis a want
of absolute union in the South upon the questions
embraced in the plan of settlement, it is simply
because a small minority of Southern men, who
seem to imagine themselves the whole South, re-
fuse to pay a proper deference to the views of an
overwhelming majority, who are entirely satisfied
with what Congress has done to compose the trou-
blous feelings of the nation, which minority are
constantly urgingupon their countrymen some vis-
ionary project, of one kind or another, supposed
by them to be an absolute sine qua non to the true
happiness and glory of the nation.
I feel justified in adding, sir, that the intelligent
citizens represented in this body by the gentleman
himself, are quite inclined to allow the country to
return to that state of repose which it formerly
enjoyed; inasmuch as they have recently deter-
mined, by an overwhelming majority, not to secede
from the Union on account of grievances imagined
at present to exist, nor until some other Southern
State shall testify a willingness to unite with them
in this perilous experiment—which I confidently
believe is a state of things that will never be
realized. Sir, I must be allowed to express the
high gratification which I have derived from the
final decision of the people of South Carolina in
opposition to the mischievous counsels of that band
of demagogues who have sought to involve them in
schemes of rankiiistmion and foul treason. I have
rejoiced particularly over this happy result„Mr.
President, because I had more than a year since
predicted it both here and elsewhere. I always
believed that the people of South Carolina, when
allowed to think calmly and to act maturely upon
this vital and momentous question of Union and
Disunion, would so demean themselves as to prove
to the world their utter unwillingness deliberately
to surrender their own repose and happiness in or-
der to gratify the unscrupulous aspirations of am-
bitious demagogues. I rejoice, sir, that the mate-
rials have been thus supplied for that which cannot
but be recognized by posterity as the brightest
page in the history of this ancient Commonwealth;
and 1 trust that the day is yet far distant when,
deluded by evil counsels, her people shall delibe-
rately prefer the scenes of bloody anarchy and
lawless confusion to the multiplied and unappre-
ciable blessings which result from the sound and
honest administration of a wise and beneficent gov-
ernment.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to make an explanation.
I must advert to some of the remarks of the gen-
tleman. There is one part of his remaiks that
applied to me, I suppose, as chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee, in delaying to bring in the
fugitive slave bill at as early a time as practicable,
that it might have been acted upon. Now that
fugitive slave bill was introduced by myself, -as
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, one session
before it was taken up and acted upon at all. I
hope that as long as I am the chairman or the organ
of the committee, I shall never use my accidental
position for any party purpose whatever.^ It has
been my practice, as the representative of a com-
mittee, to bring in any measures ordered by that
committee as early as practicable, and I brought
in that measure one session before it was finally
adopted. When my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] offered a substitute for it it was then in his
hands, so far as regarded the amendment. That
bill was colled up in the early part of the session
for consideration, and as the chairman of the com-
mittee I made some remarks upon it. I was
followed by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason 1 when, at the instance of the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] these com-
promise measures were introduced^ with a lecjueest
that the consideration of the fugitive slave bill
should be suspended until it should make a pai t of
those measures. . .
Now, what my honorable friend from Virginia
may have said to the gentleman in private, I know
not. I do not undertake to say what he may have
remarked, for I have had no conversation with him
oh the subject. I am not very much m the habit
of repeating ^private conversations. I have .no
doubt-that m.y friend from Virginia might have
said, Why. take up this measure separately and
alone, and thuss weaken ourselves in the great coil-
test in which we are engaged ? I may say that there
is no one on this floer who has acted so many
different parts as the Senator from Mississippi. If
I recollect aright his name was signed to a paper,
which was sent to the Go.vernor of his State, warn-
ing the people of that State against the dangers
which were impending over us by one of the
measures he has so much praised to-day.
Mr. FOOTE. All of which are obviated by this
scheme of adjustment.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator condemned that
measure separately. He denounced it alone. But
it seems that when it went with something else, he
was willing to acquiesce.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to explain. I did unite
in a letter which the gentleman has evidently not
read, in which I did state, on the 21st of January,
of that very session, that California woulcfc be ad-
mitted into the Union, and united also in calling
for instructions from the Legislature of the State
as to what that body might deem right and proper,
under the circumstances, if California should be
admitted. There is not one word in that letter
intimating the unconstitutionality of the admission
of California. I had introduced a resolution early
in the session asserting the expediency of estab-
lishing a territorial government in California. I
had made a speech in support of it, and the only
one that was made. I did not oppose the admis-
sion of California on constitutional grounds at all,
but on grounds of expediency, ana from regard
to what I deemed the usage applying to such cases.
After that, when there was a proposition pending
in both Houses of Congress to admit California
as a separate measure, conceiving, as I did, that
its admission, in this form, would be objection-
able; that instead of settling the questions grow-
ing out of the institution of slavery it would
obstruct such settlement; under these circum-
stances I united in that letter. I said in that letter,
which was very hastily drawn up by one of my
colleagues, but which I still stand by, as my name
was subscribed to it, that the application of Cali-
fornia to obtain admission into the Union, under
all the circumstances of the case, was (not the
Wilmot proviso J but an attempt to obtain the pas-
sage of the Wilmot proviso in another form. I
said it WAS an attempt, on the part of those press-
ing it as a separate measure, to obtain precisely
those advantages in favor of the North over the
South in California which the Wilmot proviso
contemplated; but I aver that I never did under-
take to say, in any shape or form, either to our
Governor or to any one else, that I conceived the
admission of California to be unconstitutional,
and that its admission would justify extreme
measures on the part of the South. What I in-
sisted upon was, that it should form part of a
general scheme of adjustment. I speak in the
presence of Senators who recollect my whole
course on the subject.
I did not charge the Senator himself with having
the conversation to which I alluded in reference to
the fugitive slave bill, but the gentleman must recol-
lect that I went to him repeatedly and urged that
the bill should be reported to the Senate. My
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Whitcomb,] and my
friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] will recollect
that they urged me to go to these gentlemen and
request them to bring forward the bill. I per-
formed my mission, and was answered in the
manner I have before stated. The gentleman
being known to be on terms of extreme intimacy
and confidence with the Senator from Virginia,
when the latter gentleman replied to my propo-
sition in the manner which I have before re-
ported to the Senate, 1 did conceive they were
acting upon something like a concerted plan. I
did not undertake to censure them, for I have no
doubt they both conceived it inexpedient at that
time to push that particular question to a settle-
ment; since other questions remained unsettled,
the adjustment of which would be facilitated, as
they may have supposed, by keeping the fugitive
slave question open. . .
Mr. BUTLER. The explanation which I gave
of what took place in reference to the fugitive
slave bill cannot be contradicted. It is my duty,
perhaps, to refer to some other remarks of the
Senator, and1 to say something with regard to
tliem. I • intend to lie very pool smd .deliber-
ate. .  
Mr. FOOTE. If the honorable Senator iiiitjeE-
stood me as saying anything at all calcula^d to
connect him with any improper movements here
or elsewhere, adverse to the Union, he miguncier-
stqod me.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 9, 1851.
Prayer by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. Houston, of Texas, appeared in his seat
this morning.
PETITIONS.
Mr. MILLER. I have been requested to pre-
sent the petition of petty officers in behalf of the
crew of the United States frigate Congress, asking
Congress to repeal a certain amendment made to
the Navy appropriation bill at the last session,
which deprives them of what they consider an
important privilege. I beg leave to state of what
it is they complain. Ever since the organization'-
of the Government, the seaman has had the privi-
lege of receiving money in lieu of such rations as,
by a very rigid economy ill the consumption of
his allowance, could be stopped, by which he was
enabled to provide himself with some comforts
which did not belong to the ration. The Naval
Committee at the last session of Congress deprived
him of that privilege, and now lie is compelled to
take his rations as they come to him. .
Now, Mr. President, there are few men in the
service of the Government who have fewer com-
forts than the common seaman, and yet at the
same time, no mail could enjoy those little com-
forts more than he does. We deprived him of his
grog. He, being a man of reform, submitted to
that. We took away flogging;with Christian
patience he submitted to that. And now, we have
made an attack upon this little privilege of com-
muting Ins rations. That is too much for the
sailor even to bear. I move that this petition be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
hope that it will receive their early attrition.
The petition was so referred. _
Mr. CLARKE presented the petition of Eliza-
beth Arnold, only daughter of Jonathan Pitcher,
deceased, an officer in the Navy during the revo-
lutionary war, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Ambrose
W. Thompson, proposing to establish, with the
approbation of Congress, a line of mail steamers
I between California and China; which was referred
i to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CLARKE submitted documents relating to
the claim of Samuel Crafin, a pensioner of the
United States, to an increase of pension; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a menmrial of vol-
unteers in the last war with Greai Britain, praying
a further grant of bounty lands to the officers and
soldiers of that war; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Easton, North-
ampton county, Pennsylvania, praying a further
grant of bounty lands to the officers and soldiers of
the last war with Great Britain; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Philadelphia, pray-
ing the enactment of a law to prohibit the intro-
duction into the ports of the United States of for-
eign convicts, felons, and paupers-^ which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Leon-
ard J." Thomas, praying that pensioners under the
act of April 24, 1816, may be entitled to draw
pensions from the date of the passage of said act;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented the me-
morial of Mary W\ Thompson, widow of Alex-
ander B. Thompson, deceased, late an officer in
the Army, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions. _
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of Jo-
seph Gideon, praying compensation for services
performed by him as an acting purser m the Navy ;
which was referred to the Committee on Nava
Affairs. . . ... , t
Mr. BORLAND presented a'petition of the late
and present land officers at Clarksvilla, Arkan-
