1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1815
Senate with two or three disagreements. With
the consent of the House, I will explain them, and
it will not take but a few minutes.
Mr. COBB. I object. Private business ought
to be attended to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move, then, that the rules
of the House be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I feel bound to make
this motion, from the fact that the Senate is now
without work, and have sent us a resolution refus-
ing to receive from us, if we agree "to their reso-
lution, any appropriation bills within ten days of
the day of adjournment. It is absolutely essential
that we should get through with something, and
send it to the Senate.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules of the House were suspended, and
the House resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union (Mr. Disx&t
in the chair) on the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is not my intention to de-
tain the committee at very great length, as I do
not know that I am able to make my voice heard
through the Hall. I however intend to give a his-
torical relation of the facts, without argument or
embellishment. We heard last evening the state-
ment of the official head of the Indian Committee,
that during the summer of 1850, from seventy to
one hundred persons claiming to be free in the In-
dian territory, and under protection of our laws,
were seized by those Creek Indians, enslaved, and
sold into bondage. I distinctly called the attention
of that gentleman, and the official head of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to the fact, and de-
sired to know by what right or claim of title, these
Indians seized and enslaved these people. To that
question neither of these gentlemen has responded.
They proclaimed their ignorance; but the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, how-
ever, said that he had been informed by a member
of this House, that these nejroes had committed j
rapes upon the daughters of the Indians. I know 1
not who the gentleman was, but I understood him
to be a member of this House, and if he possesses
further information, I have no doubt he will come
forward at once and give it to us.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. What does the
gentleman want? I can scarcely hear you.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I was saying that I did not
know who the gentleman was that communicated ;
to you this information.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have some further inform-
ation this morning. Would the gentleman like
to hear it? Wecannotgo anywhere and find a
more desperate or lawless band of people m any
community within the limits of the United States,
or California, or among the balance of mankind.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It would be a strange affair
if these people, brought up in a slaveholding com-
munity, should not copy some of their masters'
examples.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is one of the instances of
extraordinary lawlessness of that people. You
requested me to furnish you with as many facts
as I could this morning in regard to this subject.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have requested nothing
from that gentleman concerning these charges of
crime to justify seizing and selling them into bond-
age. I have not called upon the chairman this
morning,but his friend, to whom I always refer
in a case of necessity, and never except under
necessity. [Laughter:]
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I gave the informa-
tion to the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and I received it from a source which
cannot be doubted—theagent of the Indians them-
selves.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would like to have the
gentleman inform us if the females committed
these rapes ?
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I think the gentleman
has put an impertinent question, such as ought
not to be answered by nny gentleman upon this
floor.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish that gentlemen would
not provoke these interrogatories from me. I wish
that gentlemen would learn to treat colored people
as men. When I speak of the solemn fact of
seventy or a hundred persons as being seized and
enslaved, and now toiling under the lash, what is
the answer by which this outrage is attempted to
be justified? Why, that they committed rape.
if that be a fact let them be punished as others are.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was merely an allusion
to the lawlessness of the Indians.
Mr. GIDDING-S. It was the only fact by
which it is attempted to justify an outrage un-
equaled in the history of our nation. Why, sir,
shall slaveholders justify their crimes by this
charge, when that crime is authorized by law in
every slave State of the Union, and practiced by
a large portion, who, owning the mothers, sell
their own children! With such examples before
them, it would be extraordinary if negroes should
not learn some of the habits of the more genteel
portion of community.
Mr. JOHNSON. I must say that I will have
nothing more to do with this debate, for it will
lead into one of those kind of squabbles which I
abhor.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Let the gentleman retire from
this unpleasarit discussion. He made the charge
and I meet it. It is not my intention to detain
the committee more than half an hour; but I will
say that the history ot the people who were thus
sold into slavery is one of the most interesting
in the annals of the nation. Nopeopleon this con-
tinent has passed through such scenes, trials, and
persecutions. For seventy-six years they have
been contending for their freedom—a people who
for nearly three generations have been struggling
for liberty have been at last seized and sold, and
now pine in bondage.
These are not the slaves who fled from Georgia
previous to and during the war of our Revolution.
Those generations are gone, passed away, and
the people now at last enslaved or fled from our
nation, are the grandchildren and great grand-
children of the heroic people who fled from the
oppression of Georgia slaveholders as early as
1776. Others took advantage of the turbulent
times, when the colonists were themselves fighting
for freedom, and fled into the further portions of
the Creek settlements, in the lower part of Geor-
gia, -and there took up their residence. The first
treaty for their surrender by the Creek Indians
was with Georgia, as a sovereign Suite, in 1786.
The numbers who had thus fled fiom slaveholding
tyranny I am unable to state; but they were
strongly attached to freedom; and the Indians un-
dertook to return these people back to their mas-
ters, but found themselves unable to do it;and when
our present Constitution had been adopted, and
Congress assembled under it, at its first session, in
1796, the first treaty entered into by theGo vernment
of the United States, was a treaty with these Creek
Indians to return these fugitives from slavery m
Georgia, for which we, the people of the United
States, were to pay them a stipulated annuity,
which has to this day been paid, and for which
we are still paying them annually, the certain, def-
inite, and distinct sum of $1,500. The first great
and principal error was in our Executive at that
time, consenting to interfere m this catching of ne-
groes; and although this history has been by me,
on two former occasions, briefly alluded to, yet, in
order to make the subject understood, it is neces-
sary that I should repeat some of the principal
facts, in order to show the outrage which the
present Executive has suffered to be committed
within our jurisdiction, and under our laws.
Again the history of this people may now be fully
written. Their connection with this nation has
ceased, and instead of bringing their history down
to a certain date, as heretofore, I am able now to
close the sad tale so far as the people of this na-
tion will ever learn it.
In 1796, the Indians were able to bring in a few
of the negioes. Hut bemgunable fully to comply
with their stipulations, entered into another treaty,
called " the treaty of Colcrain," and again renewed
their contract to bring forward the remaining fu-
gitives. As time passed on the people of Georgia
became clamorous for the return of their negroes,
and many attempts were made to seize them.
They nearly all fled with those Creeks with whom
they associated by marriage, &c., and went into
Florida, entirely beyond the jurisdiction of this
Government, and soon acquiied the name of the
"Seminole band," the word Seminole meaning
runaway. There they lived, intermarried with the
Indians, and actually becamea part of them. Sit-
uated aa they were, the Government was unable
to constrain the Creeks to bring them back to
slavery.
After the war of 1812 had closed, I think some
time in 1816, there were found on the banks of
the Appalachicola river, some three hundred or
four hundred of these negroes, who had assembled
there in a fortification, determined to defend and
protect their liberty. From 1774 these negroes
and their ancestors had been contending for free-
dom. They had lived with the Seminoles, had
acquired an influence with the Indians, and no
persuasion could induce them to think of return-
ing to bondage. They therefore resolved to die
rather than surrender their freedom. They had,
many of them, been born^ in the everglades of
Florida, and their lives spent thus far in efforts to
evade the hand of oppression, to evade the power
and influence of this Government, which, for an
entire generation, had endeavored to enslave them.
Yes, sir, while boasting of this as the only free
Government upon earth, its powers and influence
were exerted to reenslave these miserable outcasts.
But, sir, as I before said, some three or four
hundred of them had assembled in a fort, and this
Government—pressed by the slaveholders in Geor-
gia—issued an order from yonder Department to
our Arfny and Navy to go there—go there, invade
Florida, then a Spanish province, and to seize
these people who were then dwelling in peace,
and only desiring to live in-undisturbed quietude.
There they had their plantations and-gardens, their
flocks and herds, their wives and little ones, liv-
ing in seclusion from the world, innocent and in-
offensive. But, sir, two gun-boats were sent up
the river Appalachicola, and opened their fire
upon these people, to slay them for no other cause
upon earth than their love of liberty. They fired
hot shot until the magazine was reached and ex-
ploded, and in one instant two hundred and sev-
enty human beings, for no other fault than their
dislike of oppression, were sent to their final ac-
count. Sir, their blood rests upon us, upon our
Government, upon all who wielded its powers
and influence. Terrible was that hour, and ter-
rible must be the retribution of those who then
bathed their han.is in innocent blood. Those who
survived the explosion were seized by the troops,
manacled, and returned to slavery by our army.
In Georgia and Alabama they and their descend-
ants bow to the servile tasks, or sleep in servile
graves. Those who were not then in the fort,
lived in different towns in the deep recesses of the
forest and everglades. They escaped destruction,
and we may well imagine had no very friendly
feelings towards our Government.
In 1818, it is well known that the first Semi-
nole war occurred. Then again the Army of the
United States sought to recapture and reenslave
those who remained of this people. They were
again found in conflict for their freedom. They
rallied to the fight, and in various battles did fatal
execution against our Army, and the celebrated
Arbuthnot, who was hanged by the orders of Gen-
eral Jackson, whether rightly or wrongfully I do
not pretend to say, was charged with having coun-
seled these people to the maintenance of their
liberty. This was one of the charges brought
against him, and of which he was convicted, and
for which he was executed. Sir, through a series
of years, and a succession of the most extraordi-
nary struggles, these people were found fighting
and defending their liberty, in a manner which
would have done honor to our most heroic ances-
tors. And, sir, the harder they strove, the more
intense the clamor of the slaveholders became.
Every effort was made to induce this Government
to get back their bondmen. The Executive ap-
pointed commissioners to hold a council, or rather
to enter into another treaty with the Indians.
In 1821, at a place called Indian Spring, a final
treaty upon this subject was negotiated. By that
treaty we extorted from the Creek Indians
5,000,000 acres of land, for which we stipulated
to pay $450,000. Two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars were retained by this Government,
so much of it to be paid over to the slaveholders
of Georgia as would compensate them for the ne-
groes who had left there forty years previously.
Under an investigation by commissioners appoint-
ed by the then Executive of the United States,
the whole number of negroes were ascertained,
and all of them strictly counted and paid for; and
here I will say, that according to the late Attor-
ney General, Mr. Wirt, the slaveholders were
allowed from two to three times the real value of
each slave, and at this estimated value the whole
sum rose only to $109,000, and in this amount was
