1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
by Western men. Yet I made no such murmurs
as we have heard here to-day. I did not taunt
Western men, nor anybody, with combining to
defeat my scheme. But I rose simply to ask the ij
gentleman from Iowa to specify what combina- |j
tion had taken place to defeat his schemes, for I jj
thought it was a reflection upon the Eastern and ij
Atlantic States, which have no public lands. \\
Mr. HALL. As the gentleman from North Car- i(
olina [Mr. Ve^able] seems exceedingly anxious !
to know in what cases the old States have acted ,j
in favor of their own schemes, and in hostility to
those of the new ones, I will give him one single j|
instance. The entleman from Pennsylvania {Mr. U
Moore] introduced a bill here proposing to give'i
land to the old States of the Union. A motion :j
was made to refer it to the Committee on Public ji
Lands; but that motion was voted down, and the '!
hill was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and thus put ahead of !i
the regular order of business.
Mr. MEACHAM. Will the gentleman yield 1
for a moment? '•
Mr. HENN. I cannot yield further. i
Mr. MEACHAM. I will not occupy more j
than one minute. j
Mr. HENN. Then I will yield for one min- !
ute. !
Mr. MEACHAM. An accusation has been
thrown against us that we have been legislating ,
for the interests of the Eastern States, and against j
the interests of the Western States. Now, i wish j
to ask this one question: " Is this extension of!
the Capitol an Eastern interest, or is it a national
interest?" !
Mr. HENN, It is an Eastern interest. |
Mr. MEACHAM. I desire secondly, to ask ,
whether the deficiency bill was for Eastern or i
Western interests ? j
Mr. HENN. And I will ask the gentleman by
what votes that bill was passed? |
Mr. MEACHAM. I will say that the de~ I
ftciency bill made an appropriation of about I
$3,000,000, and of this, §2-500,600 has gone to |
Western interests. I
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order. !
i understand the question to be upon referring the I
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of .
the Union.
The SPEAKER. That is the motion before 1
the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make the point that this ■
discussion is not relevant to that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion to refer opens the merits of the whole bill to •
•discussion. J
Mr. HOUSTON, I ask the Chair whether, '
upon a motion to refer, it is in order to enter into ;
a discussion whether Eastern or Western interests ,
are most benefited? I
The SPEAKER. Incidental remarks which are I
made, may not be strictly in order; but m a run- j
ning debate, the Chair cannot check gentlemen in
such remarks.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the Chair might make
a running decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ■
point of order. j
Mr. ROBBINS. I want to make an inquiry of i
the Chair. Has the morning hour expired ? !
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. ROBBINS, Would it be in order, at this
lime, to move to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order to move
to go to the business on the Speaker's table, if the
gentleman desires to make that motion.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire if the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Robbixs] can take
the floor from another member, to make that
motion:
The SPEAKER. It would be in order for the ,
gentleman to arrest debate, m order to move to go
into the consideration of the business on the Speak-
er's table. The Chair, however, did not under- j
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania as making i
that motion.
Mr. HENN. I move that the bill be referred i
to the Committee of the Whole on the state ot the ,
Union. I
Mr STANLY. Is it in order to move to pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.'
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. STANLY. I then make that motion.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is it in order to submit
a motion to suspend the rules, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I submit the mo-
tion.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion,
(Mr. Hibbard in the chair.)
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is House bill No. 7, for the promotion
of agriculture, and for other purposes, and upon
that question, the gentleman from Missouri [Air.
Porter] has the floor.
Mr. PORTER occupied the floor an hour in an
argument to show that Congiess had the power,
in virtue of that clause of the Constitution in re-
gard to the regulation of commerce among the
States, to construct works of internal improve-
ment, whether in the interior or upon the sea-
board; and that, under the other power to dispose
of the territory and other property belonging to
the United States, Congress could make liberal
appropriations of lands to improve the navigation
of rivers, to build harbors on the lakes, and to
construct railroads. He declared himself to be in
favor both of the policy and principle of making
grants from the public domain for such purposes,
believing that it was just, right, expedient, and
national. He maintained that although these
grants be made to the particular States, yet the
benefits are not local, but general—benefiting not
the particular States merely, but the interests of
the whole Union. He also argued, that if the
homestead was granted as proposed by this bill,
he should not then regard the beneficiaries under
it as owing much in gratitude to the Government,
unless lands were also given to the States to aid in
improving natural channels of commerce and open-
ing up new ones, to enable the settlers to find a
ready market for the products of their labor.
Mr. CLEVELAND then obtained the floor.
He addressed the committee an hour, during
which he expressed himself m favor of the pas-
sage of the bill. He contended, that if the friends
of"the railroad projects would pass this bill, they
would have their roads constructed much earlier
than by making grants of lands to the States for
the purpose; which grants would fall inevitably
into the hands of Wall street companies and
speculators, and be used to conserve their per-
sonal interests, instead of those of the States to
which the grants might be made. He said that
he had voted for the grant to Illinois at the last
Congress, and had regretted it ever since, because
he was now convinced that it would prove disad-
vantageous to her. He spoke of the compro-
mise measures of the last session: and maintained
that they were of Whig origin; that they had been
carried through by the influence of Messrs. Clay,
Fillmore, Webster, and Scott. He viewed the
fugitive slave law as a most centralizing measure
—"one imbued with old Federal principles—and
predicted that the day would come when there
would not be a Democrat in the Union bold
enough to say that their ancestors had voted for it.
[These speeches will be found m the Appen-
plj\lr. DURHAM here obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. BROOKS, who moved that the committee
rise: which motion was agreed to.
The committee acBOi-dinsly rose, and the Speaker
havittg resumed the Chair, the chairman of the com-
mittee reported that theCommittee of the Whole 011
the state of the Union had had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the homestead bill, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. GORMAN moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman if he
will not withdraw that motion for a moment.
There is upon the Speaker's table a communica-
tion from the Treasury Department, covering a
plan and estimates for public buildings, which are
proposed to be erected m California; and it is
important that it should be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I ask that it be
taken up and referred.
Mr. GORMAN withdrew his motion for the
purpose; and, there being no objection, the com-
munication was taken up, and referred to tl*e Com-
I mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
| printed.
j PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. NABERS. I ask the indulgence of the
i House for a moment, with the view of putting
! myself right, and I wish to do it at once. It is
| entirely a personal matter, and I will detain the
j House but a few minutes. I quote now from the
| speech of my colleague from the fourth district,
1 [Mr. Brown,] and 1 regret that he is not present,
j In his speech in the Daily Globe of this morning,
] appears the following;
" One of niy colleagues [Mr. Nabetis] the other day asked
i in the course of Ins speech, 1 What it was that constituted
party? Was it numbei  or principles?' lie said it was
numbers, and a-s there were numbers in Mississippi who
avowed themselves secessionists, lie concluded there was a
secession party there. My coHea<rue's premises are badly
laid, and hi* •conclusions do net follow his premises- Num-
! bers do not constitute paity. It takes principles and num-
bers both to constitute paity; and it takes something else—
it takes the organization of numbers on principle to con-
stitute party."
That is what my colleague says, I wish to rend
what I did say; and it will appear from the sim-
ple reading of both these extracts, that my col-
league, unintentionally I am bound to think, makes
me say precisely the opposite of what I did say. I
j will read from my speech what I did say:
j What does it take to constitute a party ? Is it numbers,
i or !■; it principles ? Everybody will say it is principles that
j dctenmne the character of a party."
| The point is simply this; My colleague makes
me say, that it is numbers which constitutes party,
when I say it is principles. That is all I have to
say; and I thank the House for their indulgence.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, <iud referred to the appropriate committees:
IBy Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The memorial of John B.
"BayJesx, of Ohio, against the importation of spiritous
liquors.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee : The petition of John
Ryhind, asking Coucr^ss to phx.ee him on "an equal footing
with the other member of Captain O'Brien's company, for
certain reasons set forth in the pennon.
By Mr. 3CUDD13R: The petition of Edward Watt Rob-
in-on rnd 51 othei«,eitixens of New Bedford, Massachu-
setts asking aid h>i the Collins line of steamships.
By Mr, GAYLORD: The petition ot E. A. Bratton and
100 other citizen* o! Noble county, Ohio, a.-kin? Congress
to establish the bridges of the Wheeling and Belmont Bridge
Company a« post roads.
By Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York : A memorial of citi-
zens of New Yoik, a-kmg a donation of the public lands
mi aid of the conduction of a railroad from Saratoga to
Sackett's Harbor.
By Mi. DAVI3, of Indiana: The memorial of James H.
Nelson, L. A Burnett, and S. A. Gartieil, of Indiana,
praying additional compensation for their services in taking
the'Seventh Census.
By Mr. McDONALD : The petition of John Edgecomb,
asking for loss of clothing and properly, occasioned by the
voluntary destruction of the United States ship Adams in
1814.
Al&o, the petitions of JohnEdgecomband William Davis,
asking for benefits of bounty acts of 1830.
By Mr. ROBIE : The remonstrance of W. W. McCay
and "other citizens of Steuben county, New York, against
the extension of the, Woodwoith patent.
By Mr. PARKER, of Indiana: The petition of Charles
II. Test. Joseph G. Marshall, and others, members of
the Indiana bar. piaying for a change in the judicial system
of the United States.
IN SENATE.
Frioay, Apiil 2, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
i; On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
|j Ordered, That the execution of the older of the Sunate,
■ ! a«si<rmng Friday of each work for the consideration of pn-
j] vate claims, be suspended until one o'clock tins day.
j) PETITIONS, ETC.
j! Mr. CLARKE presented a petition of citizens
|! of Providence, Rhode Island, pr<iyiri«rthat beacons
and buoys be placed in Providence river and Nar-
<1 ragansett bay, and that the location of the Ji^ht-
\\ house on Nayatt Point may be changed; which
!■ was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr, COOPER presented the memorial of Har-
riet Ward, praying that her pension may be made
to extend back to the time of her husband's death;
which was refersed to the Committee on Na\al
Affairs. t
Also, a memorial of citizens of Washington
