952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
county, Pennsylvania, praying that the transport-
ation of the mail on Sunday may be prohibited by
law; which was referred to the Committee on the
Pofst Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Miron R. Peek, praying
remuneration for losses incurred in eonsequence of
a violation of his contracts for furnishing granite
for the dry-dock at Brooklyn; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, praying a. modification of theboun-
ty-Iand Jawf which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of the
heir of^Ebenezer 'Sage; praying indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was or-
dered to be laid on the table.
Mr. RUSK submitted additional documents re-
lating to the petition of James Hamilton; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
PAPER "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
• On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Lydia Lord, on the files of
the Senate^ be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of H. H. Cooley
and others, citizens of Cayuga county, New
York, in behalf of Phcebe Morris, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Harriet de la Palm
Baker, only daughter of Frederick H. Wiessen-
fels, an officer of the Revolution, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands,to which was referred the billgrant-
ing lands and the right of way to the States of In-
diana and Illinois, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from^ a point on the Ohio river, opposite
to Louisville, in the State of Kentucky, to a point !
on the Mississippi river, opposite to St. Louis, m
the State of Missouri, reported the same with an
amendment.
Mr. F&LCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to grant pre-
emption rights to certain settlers on an island,
called the Grand Cheniere, in the southwestern
land district in Louisiana, and for other purposes,
reported it without amendment.
EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, to which was referred the resolution of
the Senate of the 16th March last, calling for in-
formation as to the quality, dimensions of the
stone, quality of mortar used, character of the
work, mode of construction, &c., for the exten-
sion of the Capitol, with any matters connected
therewith as may affect the stability and perma-
nency of the whole structure, submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Public
Buildings, to which was referred the joint resolu-
tion to authorize the continuance of the work upon
the two win^s of the Capitol, with the amendment
of the House of Representatives thereto, have di-
rected me to report back the same with a recom-
mendation that the Senate concur theiein.
If it be the general pleasure of the Senate to
take up this matter to-day, i should be very glad.
As the Committee on Finance expects to report
the deficiency bill on Monday, it is necessary to
^ S°?n uPon ^is question, if we mean to act at
all. Althoiigh this is Friday, and private-bill day,
and I very much regret to interfere with the gen-
eral order of business, it seems to me to be a case
which might, perhaps, justify the suspension of
the order for the purpose of taking up the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to this joint
resolution. If there be no objection, I should like
to have it acted on now.
Mr. COOPER, ^ I hope the gen tl email will with-
draw the motion, in order to allow me to submit a
resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
COAL USED BY THE NAVY.
Mr. COOPER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That Hie Secretary of the Navy ho requested
to communicate to the Senate a copy of the report of the
Engineer-in-Chief, in relation to the qualities of the several
species of coal now used by the Navy,1 together with the
cost of the several kinds per ton, delivered at the different
poits-in the Chinese seas; also, liow, in what manner, and
with what kind of coal the Navy is at present supplied, the
quantity of cach kind furnished, and at what price per ton.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. MORTON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill, to authorize the sale
of certain reserved lands in Florida, and for other
purposes.
Mr. BROOKE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill, ceding the public
lands to the States in which they lie, for purposes
of internal improvements.
ADDITIONAL COMMITTEE CLERK.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Downs, in relation to the employment of a clerk
by" the Committee on the Judiciary, was read a
second and third time, and passed.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSIONER.
Mr. WELLER. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to inform the Senate whether any charges have been placed
in his hands, by au oflicei m the United States Army, against
the present commissioner appointed to run and mark the
boundary line between the United States and the Republic
of Mexico; and if so, to transmit a copy thereof, together
with all papers connected therewith, to the Senate.
As this is a mere resolution of inquiry, and as
the information is necessary before we act upon
the deficiency bill, which will be reported on Mon-
day next, I hope the Senate will agree to consider
it now. I have seen a copy of these charges, and
they are, in my opinion,*of such a character as
will demand the investigation of the Senate, before
we can consentto vote the appropriation of $80,000
which is asked for m the deficiency bill. I, for
one, shall not be prepared to act upon that portion
of the bill, until this information has been fur-
nished.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent, to consider the resolution at this time.
Mr. CLARKE. Let it lie over.
Mr. WELLER. Then I give notice that I shall
call it up to-morrow, for the reason I have already
assigned—that I shall not be prepared to act upon
the deficiency bill until this information is obtained
by the Senate. There is, I understand, an appro-
priation of $80,000 asked for in the deficiency bill
for this boundary commission. I have already
stated that I have seen a copy of those charges.
They are either true or false. If they are true,
there is a very good reason why no more public
money should be intrusted to thatcommission. If
they are false, the officer who makes them ought
to be dismissed from the Army. Of course I under-
take to expiess no opinion as to the truth of the
charges.
Mr. CLARICE. I withdraw my objection to
the consideration of the resolution to-day, as I see
no reason why we should not have the information
before Monday, as afterwards.
The resolution was agreed to.
EXPEDITION TO JAPAN MENOMONEE PUR-
CHASE.
Mr. BORLAND. If there is nothing before the
Senate, I would ask that the resolution submitted
by me in reference to the naval expedition to Japan
be taken up for consideration. It was postponed
until to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. I would now make the re 
quest, that by unanimous consent we may take up
the amendment of the House of Representatives
to the joint resolution to provide for the contin-
uance of the work on the two wings of the Capitol.
I would ask that it may be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BORLAND, I wish to say that I made a
motion just now, which was not put, to take up
the resolution which was laid over yesterday.
Mr. BADGER. It will consume all day.
Mr. HAMLIN. I rise for the purpose of in-
quiring of the Chair what will be the effect of
agreeing to the motion of the Senator from Arkan-
sas? Will it extend the consideration of his res-
olution beyond the morning hour, and thus prevent
the Senate from considering the Private Calendar?
The PRESIDENT. There is no necessity for
the motion to take up the resolution. It comes up
in its regular order, being a resolution upon the
table. It is under consideration, and must be dis-
posed of, even if its consideration extends beyond
the hour fixed for the consideration of private
bills.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then we are to have the dis-
cussion upon it over again to-day.
Several Senators. It will be discussed again.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I hope it will be laid
over.
Mr. WALKER. There was a bill under con-
sideration the other day in which my constituents
are interested. It is a bill to grant to certain set-
tlers on the Menomonee Purchase north of the Fox
river, in the State of Wisconsin, the right of pre-
emption. When it was under consideration before,
some one objected to it, and it was laid over. I
am certain that on reflection, that objection must
have been abandoned. I think that we can pass
the bill in the ten minutes that we have left, before
the hour fixed for the consideration of private bills
arrives. I therefore move to postpone the further
consideration of this resolution, and of all previous
orders, that we may take up the bill. I have
already stated the circumstances of this case, and
it is not necessary to restate them. 1 hope the
Senator from Arkansas will consent, as his reso-
lution will create debate.
Mr. BORLAND. If my resolution is to give
rise to an extended debate to-day, of course I shall
not press it; but I did suppose that there was a fall
enough discussion yesterday, and that the vote
could be taken at once.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, whether he is willing to
have his bill laid aside if it occasions any consid-
erable debate?
Mr. W ALKER. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH. Otherwise, I shall be unwilling
to take it up.
Mr. WALKER. I think it can give rise to no
debate. The bill proposes to do nothing more
than to grant what every other settler in the United
States has—the right of preemption. It is not a
grant of lands, or to reduce the price of lands. It
j is simply to permit these settlers to enter under
j the preemption Jaws.
I The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
| The Senate proceeded to consider it as in Com-
1 mittee of the Whole. No amendment being pro-
; posed, it was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill was subsequently read a third time and
passed.
CARMELITE NUNNERY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion
submitted by Mr. Cooper, to reconsider the vote
on the third reading of the bill for the benefit of
the Carmelite Nunnery of Baltimore; and,
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was postponed until
i to-morrow.
! MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
I A message from the House of Representatives
i was received, by Mr. Forney,its Clerk, announc-
. ing that it had passed bills of the following titles:
j An act to legalize certain entries of public land
• made m the State of Florida; arid
An act for the relief of James W. Campbell, of
Pike county, Missouri;
Which were read a first and second time by
their titles, and referred to tiie Committee on
Public Lands.
CLAIM FOR OCCUPATION OF KEY WEST.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of John W. Simonton.
| When the bill was last under consideration,
February 13, several amendments were offered by
Mr. Seward, so as to make the bill read:
Be it enacted, #c., That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department, under the dnectionof the Sec-
retary of the Navy, examine, audit, and settle the claims
of John W. Simonton and otheis, owners of the island of
Key West, m the Srate of Florida, on account of its occu-
pancy by the Government of the United States as a naval
and military post duung the years 1823,1824, 1825, and
18*26 ; and to pay such sum, if any, as shall be found to be
due.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. When this bill was under
consideration before, I opposed it, on account of
its structure, which drew my attention to it in the
first place, and subsequentlycausedmetoexamine
the basis of the claim. So far as the objection to
the structure of the bill goes, it has been avoided
by the amendments of the Senator from New
York, which have been adopted by the Senate,
