40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9,
sas, praying additional compensation for services
in locating military bounty land warrants; and
stated that a bill answering the prayer of the pe-
titioners had three times passed the Senate and
failed in the House for various reasons. It was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of George
C. Paine and Polly Teall, heirs of Brinton Paine,
deceased, an officer in the revolutionary war,
praying to be allowed back pay and a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a memorial of the committee of the In-
dustrial Congress of New York, praying that no
change may be made in the existing bounty land
laws tending to increase speculation in the pub-
lic lands; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Adam
Hays, a pensioner of the United States, praying
to be allowed arrears of pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
_ Mr. UNDERWOOD presented two petitions of
citizens of Virginia, and a petition of citizens of
Mississippi, praying that the office of Chaplain in
the public service may be abolished; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of Hiram
Moore and John Hascall, praying an extension of
their patent for a harvesting machine; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
Also, the petition of the register and receiver
of the land office at Sault St. Marie, praying com-
pensation for services in the entry of lands on
military bounty land warrants; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Monroe county,
Michigan, praying certain amendments to the law
of July 7, 1838, for the better security of the lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GWIN presented a memorial of members
of the bar and citizens of California, praying that
the salary of the district judge for the northern
district of California may be increased, and said:
Since that court has been organized it has been
ascertained that the business is of the highest im-
portance, and that the labor is very great. The
judge has discharged his duties with great ability
and to the satisfaction of the whole country, and
it is the unanimous wish of the people of Califor-
nia that he should have his compensation increased.
The memorial is drawn up with great ability, and
covers the case.
It was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and oidered to be printed.
Mr. CHASE presented the memorial of James
B. Moore, Josmh Lawrence, and Henry H. Good-
steamers from California or Oregon to China;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of T-T. P.
Dorsey, a citizen of California, praying indemnity
for loss by Indian depredations, in consequence
of the want of adequate protection from the Gov-
ernment of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of Frances
Moore, legal representative of John Moore, de-
ceased, praying the payment of certain indents
issued by the State of South Carolina, in the rev-
olutionary war; which wns referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
CASE OF MR. THRASHER IJV CUBA.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desirp to present a peti-
tion from many respectable citizens of New Jersey
in behalf ul Mr. John S. Thrasher. It is a mat-
ter of some consequence, and I therefore ask that
it may be read.
The petition was read, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress at,sem-
hled ;
Vour petitioner, inhabitants of the city of Newark, in
the Smte of New Jcr&ey, respectfully beg leave to repre-
sent: That many of u« are personally acquainted with
Mi. John S. Thrasher, an American citizen, now a prisoner
in the dungeons of the Panto Castle, in the'city of Havana,
and Island or Cuba, under Spanish rule.
They beg leave to state that baid Thiasher has uniformly
been lound a gentleman of the strictest hortor and integrity,
a warm hearted friend of Aincucans sojourning ui the
Island of Cuba, and always ready to extend to his country-
men, when requiring it, Ms aid, advice, and protection,
without fee or reward.
Your petitioners now learn, with pain and surprise, that
Mr. Thrasher complains that lie has been accused of trea-
son to the Spanish Government, his papers seized, and he
thrown into a dungeon, and all communication with his
friends strictly prohibited; that he has been denied proper
counsel to assist him at his tiial; that the representations
of our Consul iu his behalf have been utterly disregarded;
that instead of an open and fair trial, (which he, as an
American citizen, was fully entitled to) he was compelled
to be tried by a Court-Martial, m time of peace, without
being furnished with copies of the charges against him;
and that he had no access to the proceedings or testimony,
and knew not of what crime he was accused.
To all these proceedings he made his solemn protest, as
against treaty stipulations with his Government, the law of
civilized nations, and his rights as an American citizen.
Notwithstanding, he was sent back to his dungeon, and,
after some days, infoimed that he had been sentenced to
eight years confinement at hard labor, in chains, on the
coast of Alrica, and to pay costs,—a sentence which, if
carried out, would be more dreadful by far than death.
Your petitioners, and the public generally, view this
mock tual as a gross violation of our national rights; the
more especially as it has not been attempted to be proved
that Mr. Thrasher was, in anywise, implicated with the
Lopez expedition, further than to do all in his power to
give that comfort which common humanity demanded to
those suffering in captivity. That he has never expatriated
himself, though uiged by the Spanish Cuban Government
to do so, but still claims to be an American citizen, and
entitled to a full and fair protection from the American
Government, and that he at least have a lair trial, and be
furnished with proper counsel of his own or his Govern-
ment's selection.
Your petitioners, therefore, pray that the Congress of the
United States will take such measuies in this pressing case
as will prevent an American citizen of the highest respect-
ability of character, and universally esteemed for lus kind-
ness and attention to our fellow-countrymen at Havana,
from being sent in chains to serve out a long and horrible
confinement as a galley slave, without a fair and full hear-
ing in a proper couit of justice, and wheie he may have
proper counsel and full liberty to rebut the charges that may
be brought against him.
Mr. STOCKTON. I suppose there is hardly
an individual in the Senate, or out of the Senate,
that will not agree with me in regard to the im-
portance of this petition. I have the most profound
respect for that ancient monarchy, but I wish that
it would either mend its laws or its manners.
The process by which American citizens are tried
there has become no joke. Tt seems to me to be
a very summary process; and punishmentfollows
instantly upon the judgment. 1 know nothing of
the circumstances of this case; but I desire to
know something about them. And although I
am not for intervention, yet, sir, I am not clear of
the idea that American citizens cannot be justly
punished in the way some of our citizens have
been punished and with the summary process by
which they have been adjudged. I hope that upon
the investigation of this case, there may not appear
to be so much offensive in it, as appears upon the
face of that petition. If there is, I shall certainly
be prepared to make some other motion—some
motion that will testify the feelings of devotion of
the Senate to the character and lives of their fellow-
citizens abroad. At present, however, I shall
satisfy myself by offering the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to lav before the Senate, if not incompatible with
the public mteicts, all the information m his possession
touching the imprisonmentofMr. John P. Thrasher, in the
dungeon of the Punta Ca«tJe, in the city of Havana and
Island of Cuba.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and the resolution was adopted.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of members of the bar of Mas-
sachusetts, on the files of the Senate, relative to increasing
the salaiy of the United States district judge for that State,
be reierred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered. That the petition of Sydney A. Allcott, on the
files of the Senate, bn referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the trustees of the Meicer
Monument Association,-on tne files of the Senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the executors of Henry
Eckfoid, dcceascd, on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Robert Jermson and Ben-
jamin Williamson, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on the Post Otfices and Post Koads; that
the petition of Emily C. B. Thompson, widow of Charles
I hompson. deceased, on the file<s of the Senate, be leferred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs; that the memorial of
Henry Smith, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee, on Indian Affairs; that the petition of John
C. Hays, and the memorial of Robert Piatt, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims; that
the memorial of Mary W. Thompson, on the files of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. NORRIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Isaac Adam, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of A. H. Cole, the memorial
of Isaac Varnes, sen., and the petition of Allen G. Johnson,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of
Claims; and that the documents on the files of the Senate,
relating to the claim of Captain George E. McClelland's
company of Florida volunteers, be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the bill of last session to amend the act
entitled " An act to provide for the better security of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam," be referred, together with the pape.is
on the files of the Senate, and the report of the Committee,
to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Wm. Wilkinson, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee o.i Revo-
lutionary Claim11?; also, that the papers of Samuel Draper,
on the tiles of the Senate, praying for compensation in con-
sequence of wounds received in war, be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Notices of bills to be hereafter introduced, were
given by Mr. WHITCOMB, and Mr. JONES of
Iowa.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HUNTER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill to
change the time for holding the district courts of
; the United States in the western district of Vir-
| ginia, and for other purposes; which was read a
. firsthand second time by its title, and referred to
! the Committee on the Judiciary.
1 Mr. MORTON, in pursuance of previous no-
; tice, asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for
the relief of Mrs. A M. Dade, widow of the late
Major F. L. Dade, United States Army; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WALKER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to bring in the fol-
lowing bills; which were read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands:
A bill to extend the time for selecting lands
granted to the State of Wisconsin for saline pur-
poses; and
A bill granting the right of way and making a
donation of land to the States of Wisconsin and
Michigan in aid of the construction of a road from
Green Bay to Lake Superior.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice given by his colleague, [Mr. Fish,] asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to establish a
Mint of the United States in the city of New York;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. RHETT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to in-
demnify the State of South Carolina for money
expended for the United States in the war in Flor-
ida with the Seminole Indians; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DOWNS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to aid
the State of Louisiana in reclaiming the over-
flowed lands therein, and for other purposes;
which was i ead a first and second time and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BORLAND, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce the
following bills; which were read a first and second
time:
A bill allowing exchanges of, and granting ad-
ditional school lands to, the several States which
contain public lands, and for other purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands; and
A bill to establish a port of entry and delivery
at Little Rock, in Arkansas; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BERRIEN, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills; which were read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciaj-y:
