1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
953
except on one point, and that is, that you refer,
by this bill, to the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to adjudicate upon a question of damages,
without having before you the means of knowing
whether any damage has been done. 1 under-
stand that Congress have invariably refused what,
according to my judgment, would be the proper
course for the disposition of claims against the
United States. I speak not of gratuities, but of
claims—proper claims—which depend upon recog-
nized principles of law or equity, to establish a
tribunal before which the Government could be
sued, and where the complainant or the plaintiff
should be entitled to recover. In my judgment,
claims of that kind would more properly be heard
and determined before a tribunal, sitting as a court
of justice, in which an examination into the facts
could be had upon both sides—where th? claimant
and the Government could both be heard by their
respective agents and attorneys. But Congress
have refused to establish a tribunal of that kind,
and the principle of that refusal seems tome, of
necessity, to negative the idea, that you should, in
an individual case, refer to the accounting officers
of the Treasury the performance of this duty,
when there is no sufficient evidence to decideupon
it yourselves—when you are unwilling to pass a
general law for the purpose of doing so. I there-
fore still object to the structure of this bill, on the
ground that it purports to do, and does in effect,
and as regards an individual case, what you refuse
to do as a general principle of law, applied to the
mass of claims that come'before you, and that
you propose to refer it to a tribunal not well con-
stituted for the investigation of claims; because,
in investigations before the accounting officers of
the Treasury, they have no power to send for wit-
nesses and examine them; and that the testimony
would be ex parte, as much so as before this body—
especially, if the claim is not established before the
body by competent proof, both of the character of
the claim that is urged against the Government,
and the amount to be allowed to the party, so that
Congress may determine the sum, as well as the
fact that the party is entitled to something. I now
exclude the mere settlement of accounts or vouch-
ers, which this is not. I should feel myself com-
pelled to vote against any bill not so sustained,
unless Congress pleases to establish a proper tri-
bunal under a general law for the determination of
such cases.
Supposing, however, that this objection will not
prevail with the Senate, then, at least, when a
claim is brought before you, to be referred to the
accounting officers, founded, as this is,upon what
I call conjectural damages—damages resting on
testimony of a most general character, and of a
consequential nature—there ought to be shown
to the Senate a clear ground of a claim of some
kind, supported by proof sufficient to justify the
reference. Now, in my judgment, looking at this
subject, I cannot perceive the evidence of any
claim against the United States at all.
I will read from the report which was formerly
made in the House of Representatives, and which
is imbodied in the present report, to show what
the claim is, as stated by the claimants themselves.
In my opinion, it shows that there is no ground at
all for the claim. At page seven of the printed
report of the House of Representatives, made m
1848, the claim of the memorialists is stated by
themselves in these words:
" Your memorialist* think they have a just claim on the
United States to ample indemnity, on the following grounds,
viz:
" For the use and occupation of the Island of Key West
from April, 1823, to October, 1826, and for a poition of it to
a much later peiiod. For the damage done the wood on
said Island. For about three hundred sheep and two hun-
dred hogs de>troycd in consequence of the arbitraiv older
of Commodore Porter. For defeating their plans of im-
provement, interfering with their business, exercising des-
potic power over their persons, driving settlers from the
Island, preventing accession to the population, and substan-
tially taking from them the entire capital and means upon
which all their hopes of wealth were founded." i
These are the grounds of the claim. They are i
exceedingly general in their character. My answer
to them all, is this: That there is no claim proved;
that the Government is not responsible for the acts
of Commodore Porter, beyond the scope of his
authority. At page twenty, of the same document,
the authority given to Commodore Porter is stated.
I have discussed this question fully before, and am
not now going over the whole ground. The orders
given to Commodore David Porter, by the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and the only orders under which
he acted, were these:
" You will establish at Thompson's Island, usually called
Key W est, a depf.t, and land the ordnance and marines to
protect the stores and provisions. If, however, you shall
find any important objection to this place, and a more suit-
able and convenient one can be found, you are at liberty to
select it as a depot."
Commodore Porter's report to the Secretary,
in reference to his transactions at Key West, dated
16th April, 1823, is as follows:
"For the last two weeks our movements and occupations
have been so varied, that to enter into a full detail would
swell too much this communication. To be brief, there-
fore, I shall merely state, that within that time we have
built our storehouses on Thompson's Island, landed all our
stores, collected together all the schooners of the squadron,
and stationed them at different points on the coast of
Cuba."
The report, therefore, as well as the order,
shows simply the establishment of a naval depot
on this island. According to the statement of facts
by the committee, it is an island of some seven
hundred acres in extent. I understood the Sena-
tor from Florida, on a former occasion, to state
that it was much larger. Be it so. There was
no order given to occupy the island; yet your bill
here presupposes, in its language, that the United
States have occupied the whole island. This is
not the fact, on any evidence before the Senate.
No such order was given; and if Commodore Por-
ter transcended the order to establish a depot and
military stoiehouses, by taking possession of the
whole island, and establishing there martial law;
and interfered, as the complainants allege, by driv-
ing off the inhabitants, limiting their rights of
property, surely the Government is not responsi-
ble for his transcending the scope of his authority,
and abusing the powers confided to him. I hold
that the principle laid down, and stated with great
clearness by the Attorney General of the United
States in Sibbald's case, applies here, and in all
classes of cases of this kind. The opinion of Mr.
Legarein that case, which is to be found'in " The
Opinions of the Attorneys General of the United
States,"page 1543, is stated in a very clear man-
ner. His statements uncontroverted, and uncon-
trovertible, as matter of law:
" The damages must not only have been directly caused,
not meiely occasioned, by the interference of any agent ot
the United States, hut he must have acted under their au-
thority. Whatever the agents did beyond theii inetmetions,
clearly they did m their own wrong, and the Government is
not responsible."
I hold that to be perfectly sound doctrine. I
hold that that is the extent to which the Govern-
ment is responsible, and not beyond that. Now,
in this particular case, Commodore Porter did not
receive orders to go beyond the establishment of a
depot; and, certainly, lie had no orders to occupy
the island, and establish martial law, and do all
the other acts which are complained of in the me-
morial of these parties. He was not authorized
to destroy the hogs and sheep belonging; to the
parties; nor is it true that he did so. The dam-
age done to the wood on the island has been set-
tled at the Treasury, and paid for. Their state-
ment shows that they have received over three
thousand dollars for the wood. That Commodore
Porter occupied the island is not proved. It was
not ordered. That there was a part of the land
on the island used for a depot and store-houses,
is doubtless true. Whether that particular land is
the portion to which the Government has since ac-
quired a title and paid for, does not appear from
the statement of the claimants. If they will show
that the land which was then occupied by the Gov-
ernment was not the land for which they have
since been paid, I am perfectly willing to vote in
favor of the claim, when proper evidence of the
amount comes before me. That would involve
the interest or rental value of that portion of the
island occupied by the Government, according to
their order, during those years, if it be different
land from that which they have since purchased.
I stated on a former occasion, what was true, that
the land on that island must be exceedingly valu-
able if this claim can be sustained, when, for the
occupation of land for store-houses and for the
wood destroyed, the parties have already received
seventeen odd thousand dollars. The parties have
not shown that any other land was occupied than
that for which they have been paid. But the claim
to relief, on the face of this bill, goes upon the
ground, and it is referred to your accounting offi-
cers on the ground, that the whole island "was oc-
cupied by the United States. No such fact appears
in the evidence. The United States never ordered
it; the United States never knew of its occupa-
tion; for this case is not now before the Senate for
the first time. Commodore Porter made his report,
in which he stated simply the establishment of his
depot there; and that he carried on his proceedings
by stationing vessels on and around the coast of
Cuba, for the purpose of suppressing the number-
less pirates who had existed there. No complaint
was made to the Government by these complain-
ants, at that time, of any injuries inflicted on them
by any authorized or unauthorized act of the Gov-
ernment; none whatever. It is alleged, if true,
and was alleged, that a communication was made
to the Navy Department, in the year 1825, com-
plaining of these acts of Commodore Porter. The
answer to that is this: There is no proof of that.
This matter was before the Senate years ago. At
the first session of the Twenty-third Congress the
committee were discharged from the consideration
of the petition filed in thenameof Whitehead, for
himself, Simontor), and others. It is the same
claim, though then under a different name. It was
then referred to the Secretary of the Navy. He
made an adverse report on the claim, at the next
session of Congess, (the second session of the
Twenty-third Congress,) and in that report he
states that no such communication had ever been
received at the Department; and the paper which
the parties presented, as showing that it had been
sent, was a mere mutilated copy of some paper;
but that when made, or where made, there was no
evidence at all, though it had never been received
certainly at the Department. It stands, then, in
this position, that these claimants come to claim
from Congress for outrages—for they were out-
rages if true—committed by Commodore Porter
beyond the scope of his authority, long after he is
in his grave, long after the claim has been adversely-
reported upon by the Executive officer to whom
it was referred, and by the committee of the Senate
to whom it was subsequently referred. The claim
was before the Senate subsequently to the time of
the report of the Secretary of the Navy, to which I
have referred, and the committee were discharged
from its consideration at the second session of the
Twenty-fifth Congress, and made an adverse re-
port at the first session of the Twenty-sixth Con-
gress on, for all practical purposes, precisely the
same evidence which is now before the Senate.
The only additional testimony at this session, is
the opinion of some witnesses as to the rental value
of this property, on the presumption that it was
occupied by the United States as an entirety.
There is no other additional evidence of the claim
beyond that which existed when the committee
made an adverse report at the first session of the
Twenty-sixth Congress, based on the report of
the Secretary of the Navy and their own investi-
gations. I read that report on a former occasion,
and it is not necessary now to reread it. This
claim was then examined. It was rejected by the
committee. There has been no further evidence
to establish it since that time. I have shown, from
the very memorial, what was the character of the
claim then, and that it does not come under any
principle which would render the Government re-
sponsible.
The bill assumes, according to its language,
even as amended, that the Government occupied
the island. Proof is not in existence that they
ever did occupy the island, beyond the land which
was necessary for establishingstore-houses. Well,
if the parties mean to make a claim grounded on
the occupation of a portion of the island by the
Government for store-houses, for which they were
not paid, let them present the claim in a proper
petition; and if the fact is established that it is not
the same land for which the Government after-
wards paid them, to the amount of $14,000, I am
perfectly willing to vote in favor of paying what
is just; but I am not willing to vote for a bill re-
ferring it to the accounting officers, when the bill
presupposes, by its very language, that the whole
island was occupied, when this was not the fact.
If it be said that these parties did send a commu-
nication complaining of these acts of Commodore
Porter to the Secretary of the Navy, my answer
is, that it is negatived by the fact that no such
paper can be found on the files; and further, that
it is against all probability that if a communication
had been made, the party would have slept on his
rights, or rather on his wrongs, inflicted on him
