1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1817
fourth generation. Another portion is said to
have gone northward and found a resting-place
in Canada.
Sir, I believe that of the five or six hundred of
thesepersons who went west, notonenowremains
in that Territory. They are no longer under our
jurisdiction, theirstory istoid,and their history may
now be written. A more romantic history does not
exist upon the records of this or any other nation.
For nearly three generations these people have
been fighting and contending for the rights which
God had given them. During that whole time the
arm of this Government has been raised to enslave
them. Our money has been poured out by way
of appeasing their oppressors. The very men
who murdered these negroes in 1816 received,
during the last session of the Twenty-fifth Con-
gress, a bonus—a gratuity of more than $15,000
for thus murdering and massacring their fellow-
men. Our Treasury has been drained to enslave
these people; but, sir, the arms of this civilized
Government were unable to effect it. And until
we violated our faith—until we disregarded our
compact, and sent them within the power of the
Creeks, and there left them to become victims of
those savages, they maintained their liberty.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have accomplished what
I intended. I intended to give the country these
facts without embellishment, and without going*
into particulars more than was necessary. The
President should have informed us. Indeed, we
ought to have been permitted to introduce resolu-
tions calling for official information on this subject;
but efforts to suppress agitation has cut off all
chance for obtaining information in this mode. I
have had a resolution calling for this information
in my desk since the commencement of the ses-
sion.
Mr. Chairman, I may have mistaken some of
the facts in this history which 1 have given, but I
think 1 have not. I believe T have given them
correctly, m dates, names, and places. If I have
mistaken any point, I trust others will set me
right.
Mr. SWEETSER. Mr. Chairman, my design
in rising this morning is to present a few consfd-
erations" to the committee, touching the appropria-
tion that is asked for the Menomonee Indians of
Wisconsin. It will be recollected by those mem-
bers who were present last evening, that I made a
point touching the conduct of the recent Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, (Colonel Medill.) It was
well known to you and the House at the time, that
it was without examination and without consulta-
tion m relation to the facts upon which it was pred-
icated. I have the satisfaction this morningof in-
forming the committee and the country, that upon
examination of the report which is submitted to
the House by the present Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, I am fully sustained in the construction i
that I put upon the conduct of the late Commis- j
sioner, Colonel Medill. And, without attempting !
to go into anything like the controversy that seems j
to exist between the late Commissioner and the !
honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] J
who made, as I conceive, an attack upon him yes- j
terday, I desire now, in the few moments that j
are allowed me, to place a correct statement of the \
facts connected with the case before this committee j
and before the country. j
The substance of the charge made yesterday '
was, that Colonel Medill had, in negotiating the ,
treaty with the Menomonee Indians of Wisconsin, |
in 1848, practiced a fraud upon that tribe; and the i
inference to bp drawn from the manner in which j
the charge was made is, that he acted knowingly '
and wantonly in the perpetration of a fraud. In j
the defense of the Commissioner, I then stated that 1
the data upon which he acted, was a proper one, 'j
and that the appropriation which was now asked j
in this bill, did not depend upon the truth or false- ;
hood of the charge which was made by the hon-
orable gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] ;
against Colonel Medill. But, in order to be ex- i
plicit with regard to the point to which I rose this .
morning, I will read so much of the report of the
present Commissioner of Indian Affairs as relates jj
to this particular item—the conduct of the late !]
Commissioner, Medill, in relation to this treaty. \
I ask the attention of the committee, and of all i
those gentlemen who feel an interest in this sub- j
ject, to the point which I here present. I will not j
take up the time of the committee by reading the I
whole report, but only such portions of it as refer I
to the matter I am now noticing. After going on
to state that, prior to the time of Mr. Media's
going to Wisconsin to make a treaty with these
Indians, the Attorney General was called upon to
examine the several treaties made with the various
tribes of Indians in the country contiguous to the
Menomonees, to ascertain the data upon which
they were founded, and to report; which report
was to furnish the precise data upon which Mr.
Medill was authorized to act, ana to which the
instructions of the Executive Department of the
Government was attached, the present Commis-
sioner says:
"After this opinion of the Attorney General was given,
the Secretary of War issued liis instructions to the com-
missioner who was appointed to negotiate the treaty. These
instructions were dated September 14th, 1848, and con-
tained the following directions, to wit:
"(In consequence of the conflict and confusion as to the
* true boundaries of the Menomonee country within the
' limits o( the Slate of Wisconsin, I have taken the opinion
' of the Attorney General of the United States on the sub-
* ject, and incio&e to you a copy for your information. The
< President is disposed to treat the Indians with kindness
' and liberality; and while the extreme claims oftheMenom-
* oneesto terntory already purchased by the United States
( from the Chippewas and Winnebagoes cannot be recog-
( mzed, you may, it a treaty can be effected at a cost per
1 aire of tne estimated quantity of land within the limits
( suggested by the Attorney General, not exceeding that
( paid, by the United States under the treaty with th,e Menotn-
1 onees of September 3, 1836, provide in the treaty for the
1 purchase of ail their claims to lands in Wisconsin, and
' stipulate for the payment of a sum not exceeding the same
< ratable pi ice as in the same treaty above re/erred to ; the
{ quantity of land estimated to be withm these limits, and
(to form the' lia^is of your calculation of price, is threemil-
( lions twenty-three thousand and eight hundred acres.3
" Accompanying these instructions there was a map, pre-
pared at the Topographical Bureau under the direction of
tins office, m accordance with the foregoing opinion of the
Attorney General. The area marked out on the map as the
Menomonee tract, was climated to contain the number of
acres mentioned m the instructions, to wit, 3,023,80u acres.
" On the 12th of December, 1848, the commissioner of
the United States reported to the Secretary of War that he
had consummated the treaty. He said:
" £ You will perceive that the Menomonees cede to the
' United States all their lands in the State of Wisconsin,
* without any reservation uhatcaer; and that the resolu-
{ tion of the Senate of the 3d of March, 184.3, has, in all
4 other respects, been strictly obseived." "
****,***
"The second article is in these words, to wit:
"'Thesaid Menomonee tribe of Indians agree to cede,
' and do herebj agrt.-e to cede, sell, and to relinquish, to the
' United States, all their lands 111 the State of Wisconsin,
' wherever situated.5
" As preliminary to the making of tins treaty, the ques-
tion was submitted to the Attorney Geneial of the United
States, to determine the extent and quantity of the lands
owned by these Indians. He gave an opinion on the 13th
of September, 1848, in which he examined the several trea-
ties previously made with the Menomonees, and the agree-
ment between them and other tiibes in relation to their
boundaries."
This treaty was submitted to the Senate of the
United States, and at a subsequent session it was
ratified. Up to that time there had not been a
whisper against the conduct of Colonel Medill, or
a charge made of fraud in connection with the
treaty I have referred to.
A Member. Up to what timer
Mr. SWEETSER. Up to the subsequent
session of 1848 and 1849.
A Member. "Was that immediately after the
treaty ?
Mr. SWEETSER. It was. Now, sir* I am
here to-day for the purpose of asserting, without
fear of contradiction, that the Executive branch
of the Government, with the present intelligent
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, do not appeal
to this House to make this appropriation pre-
dicated upon the ground assumed by my hon-
orable friend from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] yester-
day. They put it officially upon the ground
which I assumed yesterday—that the data upon
which the commissioner acted was imperfect—
that there was a conflict of opinion m relation to
the extent of land which the Menomonees held in
Wisconsin. But he was instructed to purchase |
that territory at a sum not exceeding the sum j
paid to them by a prior treaty made in 1836. ,
These facts are all fully sustained by the evidence 1
on file. i
Now, sir, when we come to the charge made by |
the honorable gentleman from Indiana, I will admit |
that there is a conflict of testimony; that individ- 1
uals had attempted to set aside this testimony;
and have sought to avoid it altogether, and that it
is predicated upon the testimony to which the hon-
orable gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
adverted on yesterday. I will not take up the
time of the committee to read all this report, be-
cause I do not deem itimportant. But I will read,
before I sit down, a section of the report made by
the present Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in
order to show the true grounds upon which this
appropriation is sought by the Department. My
purpose is not to go further- into the defense of
Colonel Medill than to say this: he is a gentleman
not unknown to fame. For a considerable time—
I think three or four Congresses—he held a seat
upon this floor. He was subsequently transferred,
during the Administration of Mr. Polk, to-the
position of Commissioner of Indian Affairs. In
the opinion of a large portion of the public men
of the country who knew him, a better officer
never existed under the Government; and his in-
tegrity, so far as 1 know, has never been im-
peached.
Subsequently, he was elected a member of the
convention to remodel the constitution of Ohio.
He was called to the presidency of that conven-
tion, and was, afterwards, almost unanimously
nominated for Lieutenant Governor of the State,
which position he now occupies. Sir, I should be
false to the duty I owe to the constituents I repre-
sent upon this floor, to whom Mr. Medill has been
so long and so favorably known, if I did not rise
in my place and state to this House and to ,the
country, what I know to be the facts upon the
acts of Mr. Medill, as Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, were predicated.
In this connection I will state, what this report
well says, that, with a feeble trioe of Indians like
the Menomonees, situated as this Government is
in relation to the Indians of the country, if this
charge is sustained, it is one of no ordinary im-
port, and it being of that great and important
character, I feel it my duty. 1 feel called upon
by every consideration of public duty, so far as
the facts would justify me, to repel the charge.
I will not take up the time of the committee by
reading more than what the present Commissioner
says of the conflicting testimony. I beg leave to
call the particular attention of the committee to it:
" By the treaty of 1831, provision was made for the man-
ner in which thp lands set apart as the future home of the
tribe should be subsequently acquired by the United States.
The provision to this effect was as follows :
Cl'The boundary, as stated and defined in this agree-
{ ment, of the Menomonee country, with the exception of
c the cessions hereinbefore made to the United State-, me
* Menomonees 4 claim, a  their country,' that part of it ad-
< joining the farming country, on the west side of the Fox
{ river, will remain to them, as heretofore, for a huntine-
( ground, until the President of the United States shall
' deem it expedient to extinguish their title. In that ease,
£ the Menomonee tribe promised to surrender it immedi-
' ately, upon being notified of the desire of the Govern-
' ment to possess it.' The additional annuity then to he
paid to the Menomonee tribe, to he fixed by the Presidentof
the United States,
" Subsequent treaties did not abrogate the ioregoing pro-
vision, and by it ample power given to the Pre=ident to
do full justice to the«e Indians. It is respectfully sug-
gested, that the clear meaning of this provision is, that the
President should have power to extinguish the title without
a treaty, and by mere notice ; for it says, 4 In that case,5—
that i*, when the President shall deem it expedient to ex-
tingui>h the title—( the Menomonee tnbe promise to surren-
der it immediately, upon being notified of the desire of the
Government to possess it.' And it further provides lor the
mode of compensation, or the sum to be paid, when the
title is extinguished. This is also lube fixed by the Presi-
dent. It say-*, ' the additional annuity then to he paid to
\ the Menomonee tribe, to be fixed by the President of the
United States.9 By this it was evidently intended to leave
the whole question in the hands, and oubject to the will, of
the Piesident.
"Should the President decide to cxercise the discretion-
ary power vested m him by the treaty of 1831, the amount
of the ' additional annuitythe manner of payment,
whether in money or goods, and the several dates at which
payments shall be made, will have to be determined.
*c In fixing the, amount, it may be well to refer to the in-
\ «truetions which preceded the negotiation of the treaty of
j 3 848, and to the report of the Commissioner after it "was
J consummated.
f "The Secretary of War, in his instructions to Mr. Me-
j dill, after informing him of the disposition of President
i Polk to treat the Indians with kindness and liberality, di-
| rected him to effect a treaty, at a cost, per acre, of the es-
j timated quantity of land, 4 not exceeding that paid by the
j United Slates under treaty uith the Menomonees of Sep-
j tember 3d, 1836,' and estimated the «j«antity to form the
I basif* of his calculation of price, at 3,093,800 acres.
! "By the treaty of September 3d, 1833, it appears, from
the report of the Commis.-ioner, that 4,184,320 acre* were
ceded to the United States, for which the Menomonees
were to receive the sum of $'791,.310 50. A similar rate of
payment would, as stated by the Commissioner, make the
3,023,800 acres amount to $571,840. He, however, nego-
tiated the treaty, which acquired for the United States all
the lands claimed by the Menomonees in Wisconsin, for the
sum of $350,000, a sum far short of the maximum which
he was authorized to offer. The number of acres, it ap-
pears from the same report, exceeded the estimate of the
Secretary of War, being about 4,000,000; and this latter
