1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
A bill to regulate the compensation of the dis-
trict judge of the United States for the district of
Massachusetts; and
A bill to be entitled " An act to amend an act
entitled ' An act to authorize notaries public to
take and certify oaths, affirmations, and acknowl-
edgments, in certain cases.'"
Mr. GWIN, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend an
act entitled " An act to provide for extending the
laws and the judicial .system of the United States
to the State of California,"passed28th September,
1850; which was read a first and second time and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PELCH, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills; which were read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred to the Committe on
Public Lands:
A bill granting to the State of Michigan the
right of way and a donation of- public lands for
the construction of a ship canal around the Falls of
St. Mary's, in said State;
A bill granting to the State of Michigan the
right of way and a donation of public lands for
the purpose of constructing a railroad from Sagi-
naw to Montreal river, with a branch from the
Grand river into the same; and
A bill to extend the time for selecting lands
granted to the State of Michigan for saline pur-
poses.
Mr. BORLAND, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce the
following bills; which were read a first and second
time by their titles :
A bill for the relief of Mark Bean and Richard
H. Bean, of Arkansas; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands; and
A bill for the relief of the widow of General
Worth; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. NORRIS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Mrs. E. A. McNeil, widow of the late
General John McNeil; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, asked and obtained
leave to bring in a bill to improve the navigation
of the Upper Mississippi. •
The bill was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and was before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DODGE moved that it be mate the spe-
cial order of the day for Wednesday, the 17th
instant; which was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HALE, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
requesting the President of the United States to
interpose the friendly offices of this Government
with the President of the Republic of France, in
behalf of the liberation of Abd el Kader; which
was read a first time, and ordered to a second
reading. .
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, it not inconsistent
with the public interest, any information the Executive may
have received, respecting the firing into, and seizure of,
the American steamship Prometheus by a British vessel of
war, in November last, near Grey Town, on the Mosquito
Coast; and also, what measures have been taken by the
Executive to ascertain the state of the facts, and to vindi-
cate the honor of the country.
Mr BRIGHT, according to previous notice,
introduced the following resolution:
Revived, That the following shall be one of the standing
rules of the Senate, to wit:
52 The Secretary of the Senate, the Sergeant-at-Arras,
and Doorkeeper, and the Assistant Doorkeeper, shall be
chosen on the third Monday of the present (first session of
the 31st) Congress, and on tlie_ second Monday of the first
session of every succeeding Congress.
Its consideration at the present time was ob-
jected to; and therefore it lies over.
Mr. DOWNS offered the following resolution;
which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Department of War
communicate to the Senate any reports which have been
received in reference to the inundations of tlie Mississippi,
and to state whether any further appropriation i« required
to complete the surveys and investigations heretofore di-
rected.
RECEPTION OF KOSSUTH. W
Mr. FOOTE of Mississippi. I hope that the
special order will now be taken up. (The Com-
promise Resolution.)
The PRESIDENT. It will be taken up as soon
as the morning business is through.
Mr. FOOTE. Is that the invariable order?
The PRESIDENT said it was.
' Mr. FOOTE. Some honorable Senators around
me seem to think that the special order should be
taken up at the appointed hour, unless there should
be an express order to the contrary.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 ask the Senator from Mis-
sissippi to allow me to call up the resolution in
regard to Kossuth.
The PRESIDENT. The hour having arrived
for the special order, the Chair will call it. It is
the resolution offered by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Foote,] declaring the measures of the
adjustment to be a definitive settlement of the dif-
ficulties growing out of the existence of domestic
slavery.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will ask my honorable friend
from Mississippi to permit that to lie over for a
few minutes. I want to call up the resolution in
regard to Kossuth.
Mr. FOOTE. If there was a prospect of pass-
ing it, I should hesitate to do anything to prevent
it. But the Senator will see that I am placed in a
very delicate situation—I have not the floor for the
morning. I am here only as an auditor.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair having called
for the special order, it can only be postponed by
the action of the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the honorable Senator from
Mississippi insists upon calling for the special
order 
Mr. FOOTE. I have not insisted upon it. I
have stated that another gentleman has the floor
on that resolution. I merely suggested that it
should be taken up.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then I move to postpone the
special order for the present, in order to call up the
Kossuth resolution. I think the subject of the
measures of adjustment has been tolerably well
considered in this body. I want to see this Kos-
suth resolution disposed of one way or the other. I
move to postpone the special order until t wo o 'clock.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on a di-
vision, ayes 20, noes 13.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to postpone all other
business and take up the resolution offered by
myself concerning Kossuth.
The PRESIDENT. It is the first resolution
on the calendar, which comes up for a second
reading.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask that the resolution may
be considered and finally disposed of now. And
because I am sincerely desirous of its passage, I
shall endeavor to promote that object by refraining
from any great latitude of debate, at least at pres-
ent. What I have to say upon the subject will
relate simply to the circumstances under which I
think the resolution comes before Congress, and
the nature and character of the measure which I
have submitted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let the resolution be
read.
The resolution was read accordingly.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I have said
that I should abstain from discussing this ques-
tion on its merits at the present time. 1 will ad-
vert first simply to the circumstances under which
it comes before Congress.
If the distinguished personage whom it is the
design of this resolutionto honor, had floated upon
our shores unbidden and unheralded, there would
have been no great embarrassment in suffering his
arrival to pass without notice by Congress; but
the case is widely different. The Congress of the
United States found him a prisoner in Asia Minor—
an exile from his native land, in an effort for the
i redemption of which he had fallen. They caused
i the President of the United States to express to
I him the sympathy of Congress with him in his
; exile and misfortunes, and to tender to him an
invitation to come to America as an asylum, m
one of the public vessels of the nation. The Pres-
ident executed these instructions, and in pursuance
of them, it is known to all the world that Kossuth
was liberated from his captivity, and he is now
upon our shores. The President of the United
States, in anticipation of his arrival, informed
Congress on their assembling at the present ses-
, sion that he had executed their instructions, and
j that the arrival of this illustrious man was hourly
expected, and he recommended to Congress to
take into consideration the proper manner and
ceremonial of receiving the guest who had been
brought here under their authority. This of itself
was sufficient to engage the attention of the civil-
ized world for the action of Congress in relation
to the personage whose name and fame filled" the
eye and ear of the world. But the action of Gov-
ernment has not stopped here. In pursuance of
this recommendation, and at the instance of the
President and the administration, the subject lias
been opened in this Chamber—a debate has opened
upon the question submitted by the President-.
Under such circumstances absolute silence would
amount to nothing short of neglect, and neglect
would be liable to be construed, in my poor judg-
ment, into indignity. It is under these circum-
stances that this question comes before Congress,
and I am sure it is not the intention of the Senate
that their treatment of Kossuth should be that of
either neglect or indignity. But if such would be
the result, the consequence would be the inflicting
of a wound upon the generous and noble heart of
a friend of liberty, whose gratitude we have awak-
ened and stimulated, and in whose bosom we have
kindled the .expectation of, a warm, a generous, a
cordial welcome. The effect would be this upon
him. The effect upon his country would be to
subdue the feelings of affection and gratitude which
the expression of sympathy in their misfortunes
heretofore has awakened. The effect of it would
be to discourage the hopes and expectations of
the friends of freedom throughout the world; and
finally, it would have the effect to encourage the"
advocates of oppression throughout Europe in their
efforts to prevent the transition of the nations of
Europe from under the system of fjprce to the vol-
untary system of government which we have
established and commended to their adoption.
Under such circumstances I was not at liberty to
consent to be understood ns being willing to allow
the arrival of Kossuth in the United States to pass
unnoticed. In order that I might put myself right,
and give an opportunity to others who might agree
with me in opinion to put themselves right, I
have endeavored to submit a proposition which
would avoid the consequences winch have been
deplored, and bring this question before Congress
in a shape so unexceptionable that it seemed to me
all might agree in adopting it.
I will say a word now upon the form of the re-
ception, or welcome, which I propose. It is not
in the form which I myself would originally have
wished. I have no particular tenacity in regard to
it. The proposition submitted by the honorable
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Footk] would have
received my vote; it would have received it if it
had said more, as was proposed by the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] It
would have received it if it had said less. It would
have received my support under any circumstan-
ces, if it had been pressed, and I should have en-
deavored to have cooperated with the honorable
mover of it in avoiding any amendment which
might have embarrassed its passage through the
Senate. But that .has passed; and in looking
around for what might be substituted for it, it
seemed to me that, if there was one sentiment more
plainly and universally expressed by the Ameri-
can people than any other, in regard to the Hun-
garian revolution,"and in regard to its hero, the
champion of Hungary, it was that of welcome
to the shores of the ujflted states. Tftking
that idea as my guide, I have submitted a resiKu-
tion in which it is proposed that Congress shall
declare that they give to Louis Kossuth, whom
they have brought to our borders, a cordial wel-
come.
Less than this, Mr. President, no man can pro-
pose who thinks it proper to make any expression,
or take any action; and more than this, it seems
to me, must be waived. It must be something
like this, or nothing, and this is better than noth-
ing. I would have the passage of this resolution
communicated to Kossuth by the President, the
Executive organ of the nation. My own feelings
would exact more; butl am content to waive them
under this consideration—that the simplicity of the
act will give it a peculiar value. I know not, in
the history of this nation—I know not, in the his-
tory of modern times, a more sublime spectacle
than would be afforded by seeing the Congress of
the United States, in the name and behalf of the
American people, bidding Kossuth, the represent-.
