42
THE OONaRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Deo 0,
ative of the cause of voluntary government in Eu-
rope, a cordial welcome on his escape from the
perils of his position, and hissarrival in this land
where that system of. government is established
and in full operation.
There is a simplicity in this ceremony which is
worthy the dignity of the American Government
.and of the greatness of the American people; there
is a simplicity in it worthy the character of the
illustrious citizen whom it is proposed to honor.
I have no tenacity in regard to this measure in
preference to any other which would make me
insist on this at the hazard of its defeat. It seems
to me to be preferable to that of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, and gentlemen say that they
do prefer it upon the ground that this would be the
joint act of both Houses of Congress. I am quite
sure that if adopted here it would be concurred in
by the House of Representatives, and would thus
become a national act of welcome. I confess that
I am desirous that, as the Congress of the United
States caused Kossuth to be brought here under
their authority, his reception should be a national
act; and that Congress should not be divided in
its expression or its action on this the crowning
occasion. This form also seems to me to com-
mend itself to the adoption of the Senate, because
it stops short of committing Congress or the Gov-
ernment to any action beyond that of simply
giving welcome. What I desire is not the utter-
ance of words. What I want to sec—what I want
to have Congress do, is to extend the welcome
which the world expects us to give to the illustri-
ous exile.
Objections have been made, to which I will ad-
vert very briefly. It has been said or intimated
that we are not well aware of what we are doing 
that we are not well acquainted with the character
of Kossuth—that we do not know certainly that
he is entitled to these attentions floin the American
people. Sir, in the course of human events we
see the nations of Europe struggling to throw off
the despotic systems of government, and to estab-
lish governments upon the principle of repub-
licanism or of constitutional monarchy. When-
ever such efforts are made we see it invariably
happen that the existing despotisms of Europe
combine to repress those struggles—combine to
subdue the people. The consequence is, that des-
potism is a common cause, and it results also that
the cause of constitutional liberty lias also become
one common cause—the cause of mankind against
despotism. INow whatever people leads the way
at any time in any crisis in this contest for civil
liberty, becomes the representative of the nations
of the enrth. We once occupied that proud and
interesting position, and we engaged the sympa-
thies of civilized men throughout the world. No
one can deny, that recently Hungary assumed
that same position, and the records of our own
Legislature show that we, in common with the
friends of civil liberty in Europe, hold Hungary
to be the representative of the nations of the earth
in this great cause. We had a messenger 011 the
verge of the battle-field ready to acknowledge her
independence.
^ Mr. President, it happens, in the Providence of"
God, that whenever a nation thus assumes to open
this controversy for liberty, in behalf of the
nations of the earth, some one man more than an-
other becomes identified with the struggle by his
virtues, by his valor, by his wisdom, or bv his
sufferings, umil he eclipses others who may be
associated with him, and comes to be regarded bv
the country itself, in whose behalf he labors ana
struggles, and by mankind, as the representative
of that nation, and of that cause. The deliverance
of Switzerland brings up at once the name of
Wllham Tell. The struggle of Scotland calls up
the name of Wallace; and all over the world no
man ever hears the American Revolution spoken
of, but it calls up the majestic form of Washing-
ton. So it happens that the name of Hungary
calls up at once the great, the towering fame of the
author, the hero, and the sufferer of the Hungarian
Revolution. Now, then, shall we say that we do
not know that Kossuth is worthy to be regarded
as the friend and advocate of liberty in his own
country: Shall we say that he does not merit the
homage paid to him, as the leader of the Hun°"a-
nan Revolution. Hungary herself has set the
seal upon his merits, and concluded that question,
and it would be as unreasonable and absurd to
.listen to those who should depreciate the princi-
ples or the character of Washington, as it is to
stand doubting 01- hesitating whether, in honoring
Kossuth, we are really doing honor to his cause,
and the cause of his unfortunate country.
But it is asked, why should, the American peo-
ple engage in paying this 'homage to Kossuth,
granting all his merits, because he has done noth-
ing for America? True, ,he never did anything
for America. W e have reached that time when
no man living out of America can confer upon us
a benefit. We are beyond the reach of beneficence
other than at the hand of the Great Creator and
Preserver of nations; but do we honor only those ?
Do we reward only those who confer benefits
upon us ? Certainly not. We honor those who
serve the common cause of civil liberty through-
out the world. That cause is our own cause.
We honor those who advance and promote it.
But, although Kossuth has done nothing for this
country, Europe has. It has sent us a Lafayette,
a Kosciusko, a De Kalb, and a Steuben, and thus
has created a debt against us, which, while we
cannot pay to the illustrious dead, we can dis-
j charge towards fit and lawful representatives, in
| the persons of the illustrious living.
! I shall notice a single, other objection, and then
I I shall leave this resolution to its fate. It is ail
j apprehension that, by the adoption of this, or a
1 similar motion, the Congress of the United States
will commit itself to some act of intervention in
the affairs of Europe by which the Government of
the United States may be embarrassed in its for-
eign relations. Mr..President, I am a lover of
peace. I shall never freely give my consent to any
measure which I think shall tend to involve this
nation in the calamities of foreign war. I believe
that our mission is a mission of republicanism.
But I believe that we shall best execute it by main-
taining peace at home and peace with all mankind;
and if I saw in this measure a step in advance
towards the bloody field of contention in the affairs
of Europe, I, too, would hesitate long before adopt-
ing it. But I see no advance towards any such
danger in doing a simple act of national justice and
j magnanimity. I believe that no man will deny the
; principle, that a nation may do for the cause oflib-
i erty in other nations whatever the laws of nations
1 do not forbid. I plant myself upon that principle.
1 What the laws of nations do not forbid, any nation
may do for the cause of civil liberty in any other
nation, 111 any other country. Now, the laws of na-
tions do not forbid hospitality. The laws of nations
do not forbid us to sympathize with the exile—to
sympathize with the overthrown champions of
fieedom. The laws of nature demand that hos-
pitality, and from the very inmost sources of our
nature springs up that sympathy. What is that
great epic poem which has filled the second place
in the admiration, I had almost said in the affec-
tions, of mankind for two thousand years, but the
history of an exile flying from the walls of his
burning city and devoted" State? Sir, the laws of
nature require—the laws of nations command lios-
! pitahty to those who fly from oppression and
despair. And this is all that we have done, and
all that we propose to do. We have invited Kos-
suth—we have procured his release from captiv-
ity—we have brought him here, and we propose
; to say to him, standing upon our shores with his
eye directed to us, and while we know that the
j eyes of the civilized world are fixed upon him and
us, " Louis Kossuth, in the name of the American
people, we bid vou a cordial welcome."
Mr. SHIELDS. I understand that the resolu-
tion now before the Senate for consideration is
that offered by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward.] 1 wish to move an amendment to it,
and 1 do it without the slightest intention of dero-
gating from it. I would vote for the resolution as
it is, but for the purpose of facilitating its passage
I move to strike out all after the word "resolved""
and insert, "That a committee of three be ap-
pointed by the Chair to wait on Louis Kossuth,
Governor of Hungary, and introduce him to the
Senate." This is the resolution which I offered
yesterday. I will state to the honorable Senator
from New York the reason that I offered this, lest
it should be supposed that we are running in op-
position in this case. 1 find in the proceedings in
relation to Lafayette that a joint committee of the
Senate and House of Representatives was ap-
pointed to make arrangements for his reception.
The House committee reported—I read from the
proceedings of the House—
" That -tliey have met the committee of the Senate on
that subject, and that the committees'have agreed to recom-
mend to their respective Houses that each House should re-
ceive General Lafayette in such manner as it shaii deem
most suitable to the occasion.
They stated at the same time, that there was no
mode of receiving him jointly by the two H ouses.
Here are the proceedings when he was received :
" At one o'clock, General Lafayette entered the Chamber
of the Senate, accompanied by the committee of that body.
On entering tiio bar, Mr. Barbour, chairman of the commit-
tee, announced the presence of General Lafayette, in the
following words: < We introduce General Lafayette to the
Senate of the United States.' "
That was the whole ceremony, and I regard it
as an excellent precedent. I do not wish to delay
action on the matter by any discussion. In fact,
I regret that I said as much as I did say yester-
day, because I think an act of courtesy should al-
ways be clothed in as few words as possible.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that the Senator from Illinois is not at
liberty to offer the amendment which he propo-
ses. This is a joint resolution. It has been read
twice and is now in Committee of the Whole.
The resolution which the Senator from Illinois
proposes to substitute for it is a simple resolution,
which does not require the joint action of the two
Houses of Congress. The Chair is therefore un-
der the necessity of declining to receive the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SHIELDS. Unfortunately I know very
little of the rules; but I have understood that it
was perfectly competent to move to strike out all
after the word "resolved," in a resolution, and
insert something else. If, however, the Senator
from New York would accept this as a substitute
for his resolution, I have no doubt that all difficulty
would be obviated.
Mr. BERRIEN. It does appear tome that this
would bean inconsistent mode of proceeding. The
resolution of the Senator from New York pro-
poses the joint action of the two Houses of Con-
gress. The amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois proposes the separate action of the Senate.
The two cannot go together.
The PRESIDENT. Such is the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. BERRIEN. It would be well, I appre-
hend, for the Senator from Illinois to allow the
resolution of the Senator from New York to be
disposed of, and then let him bring forward his
proposition as a separate measure.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has already
said that he cannot entertain the motion to amend,
as proposed by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I rise to make a
suggestion. Weall have the same feelings on this
subject. I imagine that the Senate will unani-
mously manifest a disposition to accord respect to
this distinguished stranger. The main difficulty
heretofore has been as to the manner in which
we should act. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois has looked into precedents, and I think he
has very satisfactorily shown that the precedent
which he has brought forward is entitled to respect.
It is most obvious, m the present state of things,
that if those gentlemen who prefer the form sanc-
tioned by precedent should vote against the reso-
lution of the Senator from New York, they would
be subject to be misunderstood. 1 therefore hope
that, in the spirit of proper compromise, the Sen-
ator from New York will withdraw his resolution,
and allow the other to be proposed and acted
upon.
Mr. BERRIEN. I understand the Chair to
have decided that the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Illinois is not in order.
The PRESIDENT. Such was the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. BERRIEN. Unless that is appealed from,
the question comes before the Senate upon the res-
olution of the Senator from New York, and upon
that resolution I desire to submit some brief ob-
servations to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
from Georgia permit us to have this question of
order determined before he proceeds any further?
Mr. BERRIEN. The question of order can
only be determined by an appeal from the decision
of the Chair; and I beg leave to say now, in rela-
tion to the precedent which has been referred to,
that that was the result of a conference of a joint
commtttae on the part of the two Houses of Con-
gress. jprbcy conferred, and separately reported
to their respective Houses. There is no prece-
