1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
quantity, at a rate similar to that paid in the treaty of 1835,
would amount to .$750,4.53.
It appear^, then, by the tieaty of 1833, Uie price paid
for the 1,18-1,320 acres was 18 9-] Oth cent* per acre ; at the
same rate, only 1,851,851 acres would have been acquired
foi the <$350,000, paid under the tieaty of 1818. Jt is al-
leged, however, by the Indians, that Mr. Medill stated that
they owned only 1,600,000 acres, and that he was paying or
offering them more for their lauds than he was authorized
by the President to offer. When, therefore, it is consid-
ered that 1,600,000 acres, at the maximum which the Com-
missioner was authorized to offer, amounts to $302,400,
and that it is alleged that he told the Indians lie was agree-
ing to pay more than lie was authorized to pay, there is rea-
son to believe, and it 1^5 m evidence, that such a statement
was made to them; and although it does not appear that
they were deceived by it in regard to the quantity which
they owned or claimed, yet it may be worthy of considera-
tion. in connection with the other facts and circumstances,
in determining the additional compensation proper to be
allowed them.
" It is known that the*e people are helpless and depend-
ent. Great d(s«atisf.iction exists anions them by reason of
the treaty of 1848. The impression which generally pre-
vails among our own citizens in their vicinity is, that they
have been hardlv dealt with, and that the terms of their
contract beai heavily upon them. The lands which, bv the
treaty of 1848, tliey had surrendered, are exceedingly val-
uable, and in extent, as computed at the Geneial Land
Office, exceed five millions of acres To pay them now,
what the Government under the administration ot Presi-
dent Polk wii^ willing to pay, is the least, taking all the
circumstances into consideration, which, in the opinion of
this office, it should do The quantity then estimated to
form the ba^is of Mr. Medill's calculation of price was
3.0->3,800 acres. This, at the maximum which he was au-
thorized to pay, would amount to $•571.840; and this is the
lea^t sum, after deducting the $350,000 already paid,
which, in my opinion, the Government ought to pay, oi
which would sxiiis-fy the fndiaus. With this amount of
additional annuity, properly applied, it is believed they
would be content; it will satisfy them that the Government
de<u*ns to do them justice, and will so impress them with
a sense of gratitude, as to make them more obedient to
tho^e in>tiumenfalmes which mav in futuie be employed
to bring them under the influence of civilization and Ciiris-
tiatutv.
" Intimately connected, too, wiih the settlement of this
question is the tact, that the period is lapidly approaching
when these Indians will have to remove from their present
residence to the one pi ovided toi them west of the Missis-
sippi. The expenses ol (heir removal they will themselves
have to defray, and tin?* is an additional reason why the
mofit favoiahle consideration should be given to their peti-
tion fur relief. He^ides affording them the means of re-
moving, a knowledge that an additional annuity had been
granted to them would, no doubt, have a most beneficial
effect in conciliating then good will, and leading them to a
moie. jeadv acquiescence in the policy and measures of the
Government in regard to their lutuic management.
"The papers submitted by you are herewith returned,
together with tite inemoiial of the ' Christian party' of the
Menomonee*, ami Ihe statements m answer thereto, to
which reference h been made in the foregoing.
" Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
" L.LRA, Commissioner."
Now, Mr. Chairman, the question is presented
to this House, who hold the equitable conscience
of the nation, upon the ground that it is not only-
free from objection, so far as the charge of fraud
is concerned, but it appeals to the equitable con-
science of this House and the country, whether,
after this mistake has been made—a mistake
which, between man and man in the oidiimry
tribunals of the country, would authorize a court
of competent jurisdiction to decree a relief—they
will ^ive the relief which is asked for; whether
they will make the appropriation which the Exec-
utive branch of the Government, after three or
four years examination, have determined is just
and equitable towatds tins defenseless and inoffen-
sive people. I hope, sir, the appeal is not made
in vain. I will not hesitate to render all the aid I
can give, m the discussion of this question; and
if I were permitted to remain here, would give
my vote cheeifully for this appropriation. But I
say in my place here, it is not necessary to make
a charge against any person in connection with
this treaty. Here has been an obvious mistake,
as subsequent examination has demonstrated, and
all that is now asked for is, to do what the Gov-
ernment designed to do m the origin of this trans-
action—to make this people whole for the territory
which they have conveyed to the United States.
I hope it will be done, us a matter of right, and
justice.
Mr. FITCH. I will not consume the time of
the House in answering the gentleman fiom Ohio,
[iVIr. Sweetser.] I made no attack upon his
constituent, Mr. Medill. I gave simplya history
mostly from the official record, and all sustained
by that record, of his treaty with the Menomo-
nees and its results. If that is to be construed into
an attack, the gentleman [Mr. Sweetser] had
better direct his efforts to procuring a change in
the record, or limit his defense to a denial of its
correctness or authenticity. The gentleman him-
! self has quoted from the record matter which will
i not much benefit his constituent. He speaks of a
j mistake which is to exonerate Mr. Medill from
| blame. The idea of a mistake originated with Mr.
I Bruce, the sub-agent. He is the witness 1 men-
tioned yesterday who made a written statement
designed to defend Mr. Medill. In that statement
he says if a mistake was made by Mr. Medill, it
was owing to the maps before him. This was
said for the purpose of defending Mr. Medill from
a charge of having attempted to deceive the In- j
dians. But Mr. Bruce said too much for a sue- !
cessful defense of his friend, for, by calling our j
attention to a mistake, he leads us to inquire what [
kind of a mistake it was. We find Mr. Medill j
admitting, that while he was on the ground, he !
discovered a mistake which increased the pos- j
| sessions of the Indians from 3,023,800 acres to ;
] 4,000,000 acres. But did he give them the ben-
j efit of this mistake? On the contrary, he told
! them they had but 1,600,000, and refused to pay
j them for more than that! If the gentleman [Mr.
] Sweetser] can make for him no better defense
; than a mistake, silence would be a mercy to him.
; But mistake has nothing to do with the case before
jus. We are dealing with a result which is not
i denied.
The CHAIRMAN. The time has arrived at
which this debate is to terminate. No further
discussion will be allowed, except under the rule
in relation to amendments.
Mr. COBB. It is suggested to me that I did
wrong in my action this morning in reference to
the deficiency bill. And whenever I am satisfied
that I am wrong, or have done wrong, I am will-
ing to make proper reparation. I objected this
' morning to the consideration of the deficiency bill,
from my anxiety to proceed with the private bus-
iness we then had under consideration.
Now, sir, from the urgent necessity for the
passage of that bill—and for the reason, as the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] says,
that the Senate have nothing before them—I am
i going to move that the committee rise, that we
| may go back to the House, in order that thechair-
i man may propose to take up that bill, and that
! the House may consider it. We then can come
| back into committee upon this bill, or we can pro-
j ceed to the consideration of business on the Pri-
| vate Calendar, as the House may think best.
! I move that the committee rise.
i The question was then taken, and the motion
; was agreed to.
: The commit tee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
i having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
1 that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
; the Union had had the state of the Union gener-
i ally under consideration, and particularly House
I bill No. 43, " making appropriations for the In-
dian Department for the year ending 30thof June,
1853," and had made progress, but come to no
conclusion thereon.
j DEFICIENCY HILL,
j Mr. HOUSTON. With the consent of the
l House, I wish to take up the deficiency bill which
| has been returned from the Senate. There are a
\ few matters of difference between the two Houses,
j which I will explain in a very few woids,and then
' ask the House to vote upon them.
The first subject of disagreement between the
two Houses I will read. It is this:
" For presents and provisions for Indians visiting super-
lnteiul'-nts on official business, $1,000."
! Also,
| "For tiavelinj? expenses of the supenntendent and the
i necessary attendants, .$2,500."
I These two items wereamongtheoriginaiamend-
■ ments of the Senate, but were stricken out by the
House. The Senate did not concur m the action
of the House in striking them out. The expla-
nation which I heard made m the Senate on yes-
terday, in reference to them, appeared satisfactory
; to me. A large number of treaties have been made
with the California Indians, which have been re-
jected by the Senate. The next steamer for Cdli-
1 forma carries out the news of the rejection of those
1 treaties, and the Department is exceedingly anx-
ious that it should have this amount of money, for
'the purpose of sending the superintendent, along
■ with the news, with presents, to pacify the Indians
upon the receipt of that intelligence.
| The second disagreement between the two
; Houses is this: The Senate amended the original
bill of the House in the section relating to the
Texas Indians, by an amendment which directed
the $25,000 to be appropriated to the removal of
such Indians in Texas as " have intruded themselves
into that State from the territories of the United
StatesThe House amended that provision by
striking out these words, so that the $25,000 would
have been applicable to the negotiation and re-
moval of all the Indians in Texas. The Senate
insist upon a concurrence with their original prop-
osition, and I heard the argument there yesterday,
and I was satisfied that that proposition was right.
The argument was this: that if we now make this
appropriation to commence a negotiation with the
Indians of Texas, who really belong to Texas,
and with whom the Government of the United
States have nothing to do, we will thereby assume
jurisdiction and involve ourselves m interminable
troubleand expense in regaid to them. The Sen-
ate, therefore, insist upon their amendment.
The next item, Mr. Speaker, is in regard to the
Louisville custom-house. The House amended
the original amendment of the Senate by appro-
priating $43,700 for the completion of the Louis-
ville custom-house. The Senate reduces that ap-
propriation to $16,000; and they did it, as I under-
stand, upon this ground. I did notget the oppor-
tunity, when this subject was under discussion in
the House, of having the letter of the Secretary
of the Tieasury read, because my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] objected to it. When
we were in committee the Chair decided that I had
no right to debate the subject, because the gentle-
man who preceded me had debated it.
The Secretary of the Treasury recommended,
in regard to all these custom-houses at Pittsburg,
Cincinnati, St. Louis, Bath, Mobile, Bangor, and
Norfolk, that in each case Congress should appro-
priate, m addition to the amount already appropri-
ated, a sum sufficient to pay what had been ex-
pended in purchasing the sites. All the other
custom-houses have received that appropriation.
We have appropriated for the Pittsburg and Cin-
cinnati custom-houses what the lots have cost;
and at all the other places we have appropriated
what the estimates of the Department called for,
except to the custom-house at Louisville, and
there we have appropriated $43,700. As I un-
derstand, the letter of the Secretary, which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
proposed this appropriation of $16,000 for the
Louisviile custom-house. Since that time the
Secretary has written a letter to the honorable
member who represents the Louisville dstrict,
[Mr. Marshall,] m which he adopts a plan the
estimate of which requires $43,700. That esti-
mate never reached the Committee of Ways and
Means, and it never reached the House, except
by reference made to it by my friend, [Mr. Mar-
shall.] I think the Senate have done right m
their action, and that is the unanimous opinion of
the Committee of Ways and Means, as far as we
have had a committee this morning.
It is true that the lot in Louisville cost only
$16,000, while at Cincinnati the lot cost, I under-
stand, more than $50,000. The lot cost $58,000,
but the citizens made up the $8,000; which re-
duced the cost to $50,000, and in that case the
appropriation is $50,000. If this appropriation of
$16,000 is agreed to in regard to the Louisville
custom-house, then the custom-houses at that
place, at Cincinnati and Pittsburg, will stand
: precisely upon the same footing, each one having
'' $75,000 for building the house.
There are two other amendments. The Senate
have added this new amendment:
"For per diem compensation and mileage of Senator?,
members of the House of Representatives, and Delegates,
$50,000."
It is proper for me to say to the House, that
this $50,000, added by the Senate, is for the pur-
pose of supplying a deficiency by the abstraction—
by the taking of that amount from the original ap-
propriation for constructive mileage. But what
can this House do? Is it possible for us to con-
trol a coordinate branch of the Legislature? The
money is gone, and it may be proper enough for
us to dicuss it, and, if we choose, to condemn the
act, as I do, as an improper act upon the part of
the Senate; and, although it may be proper enough
to condemn it, and say we disapprove of it, yet
can we control the Senate? If the Senate see fit
to stand up for its present pay, as a matter of
course this bill will fail. And if this bill should
