1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0BB.
dent, then, for the course which is now proposed
by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. HALE. I would like to lake an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BERRIEN. I believe I hare the floor?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair suggests to the
Senator from Georgia that he allow the appeal to
be taken. ' -
Mr. BERRIEN. That can be done presently,
when I have finished.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Geor-
gia has the floor.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I > consider
this entirely too grave a question to be involved
in forms of proceedings. I concur with my eol-
league [Mr. Dawson] in the position which he
took the other day, in opposition to the resolu-
tion introduced by the Senator from Mississippi, I
[Mr. Poote,] and I am opposed myself to the res- j
ohition of the Senator from New York [Mr. Sew- j
ard] ir> the form in which it is presented. j
But I desire to say at the outset, in order that I •
may not be misunderstood on this subject, that
this opposition arises from no doubt as to the
merits or the services of the individual whom it is
proposed to honor. His services as a patriot, who
has distinguished himself in the cause of civil lib-
erty, I am willing to admit in the largest extent in ,
which they have been asserted by his most ardent i
admirers. Sir, I have not been an inattentive ob- j
server of events which have occured in Hungary, {
within the last three or four years. I have"seen j
that people struggling for the achievement of their ;
national independence, have rejoiced in their pros- !
perity, and have sympathized m their misfortunes, j
J am perfectly well aware, as everybody must be j
who has given his attention to this subject, that
that struggle was for the preservation of an ancient
constitution, which operated with great inequality
upon the various classes of the people; but I did ;
not doubt that after that independence was ob- i
tained, when peace was restored, when the exist--!
ence of Hungary, as an independent nation, was :
acquiesced in, the progress of liberal principles ,
incident to such a struggle would have resulted in
ameliorating the organic law and in giving equal
rights to all classes of people. With this view of
the subject, I have looked to the progress of events I
in Hungary with no ordinary interest. I have '
rejoiced in the prospect of the successful issue of
that struggle, and have regretted its defeat.
I have been at all times willing to accord to this
distinguished individual—I am now willing to ac-
cord to him—the merit of having contended for
the advancement of the principles of civil liberty
in a manner which commends him to the feelings ■
of every friend of freedom. While, therefore, !
fulfilling my duty as an American Senator, I op-
pose this resolution, I would not pluck a single '
leaf from the laurel crown which, whether in tii-
umph or adversity, should encircle the biow of the
patriot who is struggling for the advancement of j
those principles. No, sir, that is not my pur- ■
pose. [
Mr. President, if this resolution be, as has been I
suggested, the simple expression of the feelings of :
the American Congress, complimentary to Gov- ;
ernor Kossuth, why, under the circumstances 111 i
which we are now placed—engaged, as we are, in 1
the performance of our constitutional duties, with <
a mass of business which will command our earn- 1
est, constant, undivided attention for months to |
come—why has it not occurred to Senators to ;
consider whether, neglecting our appropriate du- i
ties, we ought to employ our time in regulating ;
the terms of a mere idle, valueless compliment ?— i
idle in itself, and valueless in the .view of him to I
whom it is addressed, as we know from his re- 1
peated declarations. So considering it, that ques- j
tion is submitted to the individual opinion and to i
the individual taste of every member of the Sen- j
ate.
It seems, sir, we have got to a point of time, in '
this system of progress, when precedentsare scoffed ;
at. We are not to look at precedents—we are to do- 1
cide <U novo upon existing circumstances as they
arise, and to make precedents which our successors ]'
will in like manner follow, or discard at their pleas- ;
ure. Sir, this is not my view. I am not willing to j
depart from the usages of our predecessors, unless i
some reason can be asigned for such departure j
that is satisfactory to my judgment. Such also !
seems to have been the view of the advocates of :
the resolution, for they refer to the case of the I:
4§,
Marquis de Lafayette as a precedent to justify
this proceeding,. ^ Mr. President, in the American
Senate, in the highest legislative council of the
union, are we, who are reveling in the enjoyment
of those liberties which this illustrious man assisted
our fathers to achieve—are we to put the case
"which is now presented to us, in comparison with
that of Lafayette? Who was that distinguished
individual? What were his services? Sir, the
career of Lafayette exhibits a noble patriotism
unrivaled in the history of the world. Born and ed-
ucated under a monarchical government, a French
noble, invested with all the privileges of his rank,
and accustomed to the deference which was paid
to it, he forgot all the prejudices of birth and of
education; surrendered the privileges of his rank;
abandoned his home and his country, to come to
us. He was with us and of us. He put life and
fortune on the same cast with our fathers. He
was theireompatriot, friend, brother; and devoting
himself with all the energies of his mind to the
achievement of our liberties, he battled nobly in
that glorious cause. When we gave him the
reception which is referred to as a precedent in
this case, he came not to agitate, not to advance a
political principle, and not to involve us in Euro-
pean strife, but to revisit the scenes of his early
and glorious struggles in the cause of freedom; to
grasp the hands of his surviving brethren in arms,
who had battled with him in the achievement of our
liberties. Aye, sir, he came to view the glorious
spectacle presented by the successful administra-
tion of that very government which he had risked
life and fortune to establish. It was to this man,
coming to us under such circumstances, that this
tribute was offered. Sir, it has no parallel; it can
have no parallel; it stands alone, and it should be
permitted to stand alone. I would not diminish
the value of the compliment which was paid to the
Marquis de Lafayette, by its repetition in favor
of any living man. W e owed him a debt of grat-
itude for personal services and for pecuniary aid,
which we endeavored to discharge. The per-
sonal homage which we offered was a tribute to his
patriotism. We gave the reception which our
feelings prompted. Sir, we look m vain to the
case of the Marquis Lafayette for a precedent to
the course which it is proposed to pursue on this
occasion.
But if this were really and truly the mere un-
meaning compliment which gentlemen seem to
think it—if it were indeed a mere expression on
our part of the feelings of the American people in
relation to this distinguished individual, a simple
welcoming to our shores, committing us to 110
future action—if this were truly the whole extent
of the resolution that is proposed by the Senator
from New York—I say again, I would refer it to
the taste of individual Senators, exercising my
own without troubling the Senate with the remarks
which I propose to make on that branch of the
subject.
Mr. President, this resolution is to be consid-
ered not merely with reference to the terms in
which it is expressed, but also in its close connec-
tion with the circumstances under which it is pre-
sented. This individual, distinguished by his
exertions in the effort to achieve the independence
of his native country, was the victim of misfor- j
tune. Compelled to fly from his native land, he '
was imprisoned, or subjected to surveillance, in
the dominions of Turkey. His situation and that
of his associates excited our sympathy, and not '
merely ours alone, it arrested the attention of every
portion of the civilized world where the blessings
of freedom are held even in slight regard. What
have we doner A great stress is laid upon the
fact that we have invited him to our shores. We
have not invited him alone. We have interfered
for his relief and for that of his associates in cap-
tivity with the Government of Turkey, and our
agency has been effectual in accomplishing that
object. But our invitation was not addressed to
him only; it included his associates. It was not
designed as a mere compliment to Mr. Kossuth.
It was intended as the expression of our sympathy
with a band of gallant patriots who had struggled
and fallen in the effort to achieve the independence
of their country. Again, sir: for what purpose ''
did we invite him here? Is it doubted by those to | :
whom 1 address myself that the object and purpose ,'t
of that invitation was to afford to these Hungarian
patriots, who were then imprisoned, an asylum in
our country? We dispatched a national vessel H
for the purpose of securing their safe transjtapi;o?s
the ocean. We have-brought them-'here, anil itr
my judgment, if they were disposed t<? renjajn,
™ve imposed upon ourselves the obligation
afford them an asylum in our land, and the means
of enjoying tjiat asylum in comfort: ' The mo meat'
they touched our shores they were under theWo-
tefttion of our laws. Beyond that, wc have per-]
haps imposed upon ourselves the obligation to
provide them the means' of comfortable subsist-
ence, and ultimately of achieving an independence
for themselves. But looking to the public decla-
rations of Mr. Kossuth, we know that this is not
Ills object; that he does not come to seek an asylurii
here. No, sir; he comes here for the purpose of
propagating a political principle; to assert the right
pe°pl® of every nation to regulate their-owti
affairs, uncontrolled by the action of any foreigo
power; and to ask from this Government a pledge
that it will aid him, not merely by moral, but iTy
physical force, if it becomes necessary, in any
future struggle in Hungary, to enforce and estab.
hsh that principle.
The consideration which I am disposed to give
to this subject, thegravity of the question presented
to us, arises therefore from the fact, patent on the
face of the proceedings exhibited to lis—that Mr.
Kossuth expects from us, from the American
Government, voluntarily—of their own accord, if
they will—-and if not, from the American people,
acting upon the American Government, under the
excitement produced by his narrative of Hunga-
rian wrongs, a similar result—a pledge that they
will so far interfere in the contest about, as h<?
states, to be renewed in Hungaiy, as to say to
every foreign power: "You must abstain from all
interposition. The people of Hungary have the
right to establish the principles of their own
government. They are engaged in acontest with
the power of Austria. You must not interfere.
We hold this to be the principle which our posi-
tion in the civilized world requires us to main-
tain." We are to become the champion of tins"
principle, and, in union with Great Britain, we are
to say to the Emperor of Russia: "Stand off! If
you attempt to interpose in this contest between
Hungary and Austria, we shall feel bound to
render such interposition fruitless." Is this a
fair interpretation of the facts which are before the
public ? 1 ask, without quoting them, a reference
to the speeches of Mr. Kossuth, delivered in vari-
ous places in Europe—to the speech of a dis-
tinguished citizen of our own country in England 
to the sentiments avowed by an American official
there—and to various declarations made by Mr.
Kossuth since his arrival on our shores.
Now, what is the position in which he places
this mattc-r ? He says to you, The expression of
your sympathies—of that feeling which is natural
to every freeman—is grateful to the Hungarian;
but the expression of your sympathy is valueless:
it can do us no good. Our necessities require that
the expression of sympathy should be followed
by some efficient act on your part. I am a plain
man, he says; I am now here where I am free to
speak, and I tell you that I come to ask the aid of
yo«r Government to secure to my countrymen the
enforcement of the principle, that no foreign power
shall be permitted to interfere in the contest which
we shall wage with Austria for the establishment
of our independence. Sir, if gentlemen haveread
the speech of the distinguished American citizen
in Europe, to whom I have referred, they have
seen distinctly avowed this proposition.
There is about to be convulsion in Europe. A
league of despots have combined for the purpose
of destroying all republican governments; and the
question proposed is, Shall we wait until, isolated
and alone, we are compelled to arrest their aggres-
sions? or shall we unite ourselves with the only
really free Government on the other side of the
Atlantic, and announce,in advance,ourdetermina-
tionto maintain the principles for which Mr. Kos-
suth contends? In express language, it is said in
the speech to which I have refeired, that England
and the United States, looking to their mercantile
and naval marine, command the ocean; that they
have it in their power to blockade the ports of
these despotic powers, if it be necessary, or if not
necessary, to place their vessels at the mouths of
the harbors of their different ports: and to repeat
the operation which was practised by our own
Government upon Mexico during our war with
that Power; to levy duties on vessels entering
