1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
which facts and statements are thus quoted by the
Committee on Naval Affairs of the House of Rep-
resentatives, at the first session of the Thirty-first
Congress:
"Upon a full and careful examination of the evidence
submitted by the memorialists, the committee are of opinion
that their statements and complaints are well founded.
" The testimony of the officers of the Navy, and of the
inhabitant? of the island, who were cognizant of the facts,
fully sustain the allegations of the petitioners."
The report goes on to show—
'•'That the Government hdd no riglit to take the property
of the petitioners for public use without making for them a
suitable compensation."
And it continues thus:
"The committee aie of opinion, therefore, that the only
question for decision is in relation'to the amount to be paid
to the petitioners lor their property thus taken for the public
use."
The value and importance of the island are
stated at length, and the report concludes thus:
" That the occupation of this island bv the Government,
in the manner des-cnbed and proved, resulted m serious
losses, both immediate and prospective, to the owners, can-
not for a moment be doubted by anyone, after a careful and
candid examination of all the testimony. The injuries sus-
tained by them have already been referred to m tins repoit,
and are of such a character as to call for immediate re-
dress '*
The Naval Committee in the House made an-
other report in 1848, m favor of the claim directly,
and reported a bill which was introduced here in
terms. Now, sir, this claim has been twice at
least reported upon favorably; and the object of
the bill now is to permit the claim to go before the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, and to
allow the claimants to show reasons why the claim
should be granted, if they can prove it is a just
one. And unless we entertain the opinion that
those officers of the Government are reckless m
the discharge of their duty in the examination of
claims, I think there should be no objection to
sending the claim there; because, unless we send
it there, there is no other mode of securingthe pay-
ment of the claim but by sending it to a special
committee for investigation. That has been the
oidinary mode with regard to cases which, like
this, have been pendingfor a longperiod of years, i
I will now advert to the authority under which I
possession was taken of this island, and will call [
the attention of the Senate to the fact, that when !
the question of sending a fleet there first arose, j
there was a great excitement among the American
people, and from one end of the country to the
other, the cry went forth in strong appeals for pro-
tection to our commercial marine from the piracy
which was carried on in the Gulf of Mexico. It
was then quite uncommon for a month to pass
without the occurrence of a serious piracy between
New Orleans and the Bahama Banks; and Gov-
ernment looked around to see where it could best
plant a naval depot for the purpose of suppressing
this piracy. In this condition of things the Secre-
tary of tha Navy, on the 7th of February, 1822,
issued the following order to Lieutenant Com-
mandant M. C. Perry, of the United States
schooner Shark, New York:
"Sir: I inclose to voji the copy of an exact description
of 1 Key West,' a small island on the edge-of the Florida
fetieam, seventy-five miles north by \ve?t from Havana,
about midway between the Diy Tortugas and Cape Florida;
and I wish you to proceed in the nearest route fiom New
York to that place, for the purpose of making an examina-
tion of the island, its haibors, its extent, and the dangers of
navigation, and leport to me as eaily as practicable every
information you shall acquire, with a view to fuither ineas-
uie-5 lor lis occupation, and for the establishment of a port
of rendezvous, and for commerce, should the description
be verified by you. In this first vi-it to the island, it will
not be necessary to take actual surveys, but meiely report
to the Department the real situation of the island as above
mentioned.
•k Should you find the island situated as it is described,
and it shall in your judgment be necessary, you are author-
ized to take possession of it in the name of the United
States, and, it you think proper, leave a midshipman or
other suitable officer, with one man, to retain possession
until furthei orders; provided they can be sheltered and
made eomfoi table and safe foi the time, until aid can be fur-
nished to theui.
" You may also give notice to our commanders, if you
shnil find good water, ?*afc anchorage, &c., that they may
make fuither examination by calling there occasionally.
u After having performed this service, you will proceed to
cniiseaiound Cuba, and in the Gulf of Mexico, for the pro-
tection of our commerce, and ui puisuanee of the general
instructions for the suppression of the slave trade, and pun-
ishment of the crime of piracy."
In pursuance of this order to proceed to the ex- |
animation of this island, and if it should be found j
to come up to the description entertained, to take !
possession immediately, we find that he executed !
the order, and that Lieutenant Commandant Per- !
ry, on the 28th of March, 1822, addressed the
Secretary of the Navy of the United States as
follows. After specifying his arrival, &c., he
says:
u Tn regard to the island in question, I have the honor to
report, that after carefully examining its whole extent,
sounding the harbor, and othenvise making such obseiva-
tions as your mstiuetions directed, I have come to the con-
clusion that it possesses many advantages as a naval ren-
dezvous, and in consequence, have, m the name of the
United States, taken formal possession of it, giving it the
name of Thompson's Island, and have left Midshipman
Joseph Morehead and one man to retain posses&ion until
further as?istance can be furnished them. At present their
situation is tolerably comfortable, in selecting this name, I
have not only gratified my own wishes, but have complied
With the request ot the proprietors of the &oj1 present, on
the occasion of planting the standard, and whose names are
John Warner, Esq., United States commercial agent at
Havana, and Messis. Fleming and Whitehead, all Amer-
ican citizens."
Here, then, we have the answer of Lieutenant
Commandant Perry at the time, in reply to the
order to take possession of the island. What is
his reply? That he has taken possession in the
name of the United States; that the proprietors
were present at the planting of the standard, and
that he changed the name of the island, calling it,
after the name of the existing Secretary of the
Navy at the time, "Thompson's Island." Is
there any proof wanting that this island was taken
possession of in compliance with the order then
given, and which is now on file at the Navy De-
partment? This shows what was the object of
the Department in this preliminary step, when he
was sent to take possession of the island. This
was a preliminary order. In Lieutenant Perry's
reply, he further says:
" In enumerating the advantages possessed bv this island
and its contiguous wateis, and m recommending it as a
situation well calculated for a naval rendezvous, J have
! looked to a peimd when our country shall be engaged m a
I war with some great maritime State, and when the undis-
: puted possession of the Florida keys will be a matter of
great importance, a* it will insure the undi&tuibed naviga-
tion of the northwest side of the Florida stream (or Gulf
of Florida) to our merchant vessels, and will prove a check
on the vast lesources of the Island of Cuba—vast, indeed,
if possessed by the enterprising Government of Great Brit-
ain."
This letter was addressed by the Secretary of
the Navy to the President of the United States, in
reference to the letter of Lieutenant Commandant
Perry:
"That the geographical situation of the island referred
to in the resolution has, for some tune past, attracted atten-
tion, and been considered peculiarly mipoitant, hoth as a
military position, and in reference to the commeice of the
United States.
'-The commander of one of our public vessels, cruising
in that quarter, was accordingly directed, last winter, to
touch at this island, and to take possession of it a« a part
of the terntor) ceded by Spain to the United States, and to
make <ueh general examination as miirht be useful in fotm-
mg an opinion of the advantages of the place, and the pro-
priety ot a furttiei and more paiticular survey.
"From the report of Lieutenant Commandant Perry,
who was chaiged with this duty, it has been satisfactorily
asceitamed that tins position affords a safe, convenient,
and extensive haibor for vessels of war and merchant ves-
sels. Instructions, howevei, did not require him to make
so minute a survey as was necessary in order to judge of
the extent to which this place might be safely and advan-
tageously occupied and improved as a naval depOt.
" Captain Patterson has since been instructed to make a
further examination and survey, and is now engaged in
that business. His report may he expected before the
adjournment of Congress. There can be no doubt, how-
ever, of the impoitance of this island and its contiguous
waters in various points of view. The harbor affords a safe
and convenient rendezvous for our public vessels cruising
in the \Vp«t Indies and the Gulf of Mexico, and the island
a veiy suitable depot foi provisions and supplies."
And he further says:
"The island is considered so advantageous and conve-
nient a place of rendezvous for oui public vessels on the
West India station, that it i« intended to make it a dcp5t
for provisions and supplies against the pirates, lately author-
ized by Congress to be secured m temporary buildings, under
the protection of a guard of marines.5'
Tins letter was addressed, on the 29th Decem-
ber, 1822, reiterating to the President of the Uni-
ted States the important advantages of this island,
and the fact that the Secretary of the Navy had
issued orders to take possession of it as a part ofj
the territory ceded under the treaty with Spain. j(
Commodore Porter went out there with a large i;
fleet—a fleet not large in the size of the vessels, but
large in number, calculated for entering the small
harbors upon the Florida coast, as well as upon
the coast of Cuba, for the suppression of piracy.
The next extract which I shall present to the
Senate, is one from a letter to the Secretary of the
Navy by Commodore Porter, dated April 16,
1823, and written on board the "Sea Gull," at
Key West. He says:
" Sir : For the last two weeks our movements and occu-
pations have been so varied, that, to enter into a full detail,
would swell too much this communication. To be brief,
therefore, 1 will merely state, that within that time we have
built our store-houses on Thompson's Island, latided all our
stores, collected together all the schooners of the squadron,
and stationed them at different points on the coast ofCuba.5'
Commodore Porter, in a letter to the Secretary
of the Navy, dated Baltimore, November 19,1823,
' The fixing an establishment at Thompson's Island for
rendezvous and supplies, as my instructions required, has
had the most happy effect in attaining the object in view.
Its vicinity to Havana, placed, as it were, in the thorough-
fare of vessels sailing through the gulf, make£ it, in many
point" of view, an ob|eet oi great importance to the United
fetates; and, although for three months in the yeai itinust
ever remain sickly, while existing, causes continue, it is,
from its extraordnmiy salubrity foi the remainder of the
year, worthy a closer examination to ascertain whether they
may not be eradicated."
The extract from the order, in addition to the
order which the Secretary of the Navy had given
to Lieutenant Commandant Perry, given when Per-
ry was relieved from his duty, and Porter was
substituted, says:
"You will establish at Thompson's Island, usually called
Key West, a depot, and land the ordnance and marine* to
protect the stores and provisions; if, however, vou shall
find any important objection to this place, and a more suit-
able and convenient one can be found, you are at liberty to
select it as a depot."
The objection is, that Commodore Porter should
have occupied only a portion of this island, and
that he was not justified by the authority given
him to occupy the whole of it. I apprehend that,
before the Senator can entertain such an assump-
tion, he must know something about the geogra-
phy of the island, of its topography, and its for-
ests, and the only portion which could be occupied
for a naval depot. It happens to turn out that the
only portion which was fit for a naval depot, was
occupied as the site of a town, called Allentown,
and the other portion was totally unfit. It will be
found that Commodore Porter was to take posses-
sion of the island. He was not restricted; he had
a large discretion, and he did not depart from his
orders. He took possession of the whole island,
precisely according to his instructions, and in the
name of the United States, and he planted the
standard there in the presence of the proprietors,
and they were informed that the island was taken
as a part of the territory which was ceded to the
United States by Spain. Is there any proof want-
ing that it was then taken possession of in behalf
of the United States ?
Now, sir, the testimony of a respectable eye-
witness present upon this occasion, has been in-
voked to sustain the orders of the Secretary of the
Navy, and the response given by officers of the
Navy. And we find by a deposition of an officer
of the Navy, at the time, whose character is en-
tirely unimpeacheable, that the whole island was
taken possession of by Commodore Porter. The
name of this merchant is Griffith W. Roberts,
whose testimony is this:
"The whole population on the island were governed by
Commodore Porter, by military regulations, so far as he re-
collects and believes. He allowed no citizen to settle on
the island vAlhout the permission of the commanding offi-
cej; or, if allowed that privilpoe, he tras compelled to erect
a building on such spot as the commanding officer might
designate. Deponent further says, he had "erected a store
in 18*25, on the island, under authority given his partner by
Commodore Warrington, on a lot situated by said War-
rington; and no other lot could be obtained, and no appli-
cation was made to the proprietors by deponent or others;
which application, the course pursued by the officer*, Jed
them to think unnecessary and useless. Deponent knows
that many disputes arose between the officers and pro-
prietors, in consequence of the latter deeming their risrhts
violated; and ficquent correspondence was carried on be-
tween them and Commodore Porter on the subject. Depo-
nent further understood Commodore Porter, or Commodore
Warrington, on the occasion, refused said proprietors to
extend their occupation of ground a few feet, for the pur-
pose of putting up a warehouse, which their increasing
business required. Deponent understood that an order was
issued by Commodore Porter, to Lieutenant James Mcin-
tosh, commandant of the island, in which any right to the
soil of said island, except that enjoyed by the United States,
was denied, the order stating fthc proprietors,' residence
there being tolerated only so long as they submitted to such
regulations as he might prescribe.'"
Now, that is the deposition of a respectable mer-
chant, resident at the time on the island, who was
familiar with the transactions of the officers in the
taking of the island. He knew that no blame
could attach to Commodore Porter, and that he
simply discharged the duties confided to him. He
knew that the whole island was necessary for his
accommodation. On one side he established a
naval depot. And he established a hospital and
