1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
who opposed his claims—who comes here with
plumed cap full of triumph, not to enjoy the blush-
ing honors with which his State has crowned him,
without a fling at my poor claims, which were so
long ago rejected. I ask him if, while those hon-
ors are heaped upon him, he cannot remember
Mordecai the Jew, sitting at the King's gate? I
had hoped that prosperity would have brought bet-
ter lessons with it, but it seems it has not. I leave
the subject,
I say, that it has been the province and destiny"
of the United States not only to make Presidents
but precedents. I believe that, when the mem-,
bers of the Continental Congress assembled on
the 4th of July, 1776, and put forth the declara-
tion which they have put forth to the world, they
were acting entirely without a precedent; that a
precedent is not to be found in which the repre-
sentatives of a vast number of States had come
together in peaceful conclave, and in solemn and
mature deliberation come to the conclusion that it
was a dictate of duty to separate the connections
which had heretofore bound them to their mother
country. Then they were acting without prece-
dent. And after the justice of that declaration was
vindicated by a seven years' war, the experience
of a few succeeding years of peace had told them
that peace itself might become valueless without
something to render those blessings permanent
and valuable, they assembled together in a con-
vention which framed our Cunstitution, and they
were then acting entirely without precedent. I
believe you may search the world, and you can-
not find an instance in which the representatives
of a nation came together in that manner, and
formed a written constitution. It was the second
written constitution, I think, which the history of
the world, up to that period, presented, and the
first was that formed on board the Mayflower,
when the Pilgrims were on their way from Delft-
haven to this country. That was a matter with-
out precedent, and so the history of our country
has been without precedent. Instead of following
in the vestiges which have been left us of nations
gone before us, we have been following the destiny
which seems to be ours—been making, instead of
following precedents. And such, 1 trust, we shall
continue to do.
In regard to this resolution of sympathy, re-
spect, or condolence, or whatever it may be, with
Kossuth, what is to be the effect of it? Some gen-
tlemen may think that it looks to something ulte-
rior, but it does not of itself include anything of
that sort. It does not bind the people of this
country to anything. It is simply the expression
of what 1 believe the whole people feel—sympathy
with Kossuth. They look upon him as the living
representative of a great principle which has been
the idol of their affections. They look upon him
as the vindicator, in the struggles which he has
sustained in his own country, of those great sen-
timents which are dear to the whole American
people, and impressed upon the whole American
heart. It is because the people of this country
look upon him as the representative of these prin-
ciples, and see in him the living imbodiment of
that which is dearest to their own affections. They
desire in the most solen n form in which the action
of the people or the Government of the United
States can do it, an expression of those feelings to
be given to the distinguished individual who has
thus come to our shores.
And, sir, shall the American people hesitate,
shall they pause, shall they be afraid to give utter-
ance in the most formal, the most solemn, and the
most effective manner in which they can do it, to
the sentiments which the great body of the people
entertain ? If we are to pause before we give
utterance to sentiments like these, until we think
that they will fail to give offence to any of the
other Governments of the world, we might as well
abandon at once the idea of carrying out the prin-
ciples which are imbodied in the Constitution
under which we are organized to-day. I have no
doubt that the very formation of that Constitu-
tion, the very imbodiment of the sentiments upon
which the Constitution is founded, embraced in
the Declaration of Independence, gave offence at
the moment of their promulgation, and give offence
now, and will continue to give offence to the latest
period of time, to the despots of the Old World and
of the New. They will never be pleasing; they
will never be palatable to them. If the people
and the Government of the United States are to
pause and reckon and calculate how the expres-
sion and utterance of their sentiments may be
made palatable and void of offence to those who
entertain directly contrary sentiments, we might
as well at once close our mouths in eternal silence.
It is because the utterance of these sentiments
will give offence to those who are always offended
whenever the sentiments of liberty afe uttered,
that they have value. It is because they will tes-
tify to the victims of oppression everywhere that
there is a feeling of sympathy, of commisseration,
)of condolence, and.of respect in the whole Ameri-
can people with them in their misfortunes—it is
because of this that this resolution has any value.
If you stop to fortify it with provisos and quali-
fications, and reservations and exclusions of con-
clusions, it may be a very good special plea, but it
will be a very poor channel through which the sym-
pathies are to find vent—to find utterance and ex-
pression. No, sir; let the expression of these
sentiments be broad and manly, open, unquali-
fied, and direct. Let them speak in the plainest
manner in which the English language can present
ideas, the sentiment which to-day is beating and
vibrating through the hearts of the whole Ameri-
can people. Let the bearings and uprisings of the
great American heart, which has been moved by
the advent of this man, as it has not been moved
for more than a quarter of a century, find a cor-
responding movement and expression here from
the representatives of the nation in this Congress
assembled.
Let us not be afraid that there is any danger of
compromising or committing ourselves to any step
which we may need hereafter to retrace or retract.
It was said by a distinguished American states-
man, on another occasion, that he took no step
backwards. Such, I trust, will be the language
of the American Senate and American people-
that they will take no backward step. They have
planted their banners. They are unfurled. They
have written their sentiments where the world may
read them, and where, 1 trust in God, all time
will not efface them. Let it never be said to the
victims of despotism in the Old World, that are
straining their aching eyes and looking with throb-
bing" hearts to hear what the only free people on the
face of the whole earth will do, that we have hesi-
tated, halted, furled our banners, lest our views, if
repeated and reuttered by us, might give offence to
those to whom the principles of liberty are always
an offence. I trust that, instead of going back-
instead of retrograding—instead of pausing—-we
will make this resolution more full and more ex-
plicit. If it wants more meaning, put it into it.
We do not, by such a course as this, commit
ourselves to anything and everything which some-
body may have said: but we do commit ourselves
to principles of fidelity to the great cause which
lies at the bottom of our Revolution and is im-
bodied in the principles of our Constitution. I
trust that we are prepared to go as far as that. As
I am desirous that the resolution shall pass, I will
not trespass longer on the Senate, but will give
way, hoping that we may arrive at early action.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, I desire, at
this point of the debate, while the amendment of
the Senator from Georgia is before the Senate, to
say a few words. Three months ago, the object
of this resolution was a prisoner in Turkey.
Driven from his own country, forsaken by every
Christian nation in Europe, the diplomacy of this
country, actuated by a high and Christian spirit,
sought him out, and tendered to him a national
ship, in which he was brought to this country,
under the flag of the Union. When he landed on
the shores of this continent, he received, as he is
now receiving, the sympathies of millions of free-
men. Who was it that attracted the attention and
the ^sympathies of this country ? It was Louis
Kossuth, the exile, not Louis Kossuth, the Gov-
ernor of Hungary. It was not Kossuth, the suc-
cessful hero and statesman, but the deserted and
the unfortunate Kossuth, to whom we extended
our liberality and our courtesy. In the spirit of
the resolution which we passed at the last session,
asking our Executive to interfere in a peaceful and
a quiet way, by diplomacy, he was- rescued from
his imprisonment and placed upon our shores as
an exile. In that spirit I am willing to receive
him, and in that spirit the American heart is will-
ing to receive him. It is not to Louis Kossuth,
Governor of Hungary, that this resolution and
the amendment of the Senator from Georgia ex-
tends. We receive him not with a crest upon his.
helmet, and sword and spear, not as Cjesar clothed;
in armor, but as Cato m his gown, as the great
Apostle of Liberty, coming here after having been
driven from his native land, seeking that liberty
upon our shores which, with all his exertions, he
could not obtain at home.
It is a common fashion to glorify the successful
and conquering hero. _ But it is no. common
fashion for a great nation to seek the deserted! and
the weak and the down-trodden, and to award to
them their sympathies and cordial greetings. I
confess that I consider it one of the proudest
chapters in the history of American diplomacy,
where it interferes not by armed force, but by the
great influence which is gathered around this
country of liberty and law, to take from the
dungeons of Turkey a man who had been trodden
down by the despots of Europe, and without in-
terfering with the rights of any, placed him at
liberty and brought him here-to this Western
world, where he can enjoy the rights and privileges
of a freeman.
The resolution of the Senator from New York
does nothing more than to bid him welcome to
this country in the name of the people. I should
have preferred that resolution, had it not been for
certain matters which have transpired since the
landing of this distinguished individual upon our
shores. In the first speech which he made or*
landing in New York, at Castle Garden, a speech
prepared with great care, he declares, with the
manly straight forwardness of an honest man,
what he wants. He says that it is not merely
our sympathies that he looks for, but that he
wants pecuniary means and political aid, and
nothing less. He asks for all the sinews of war—
money, men, and political power. It is said that
he has not asked this of the Government, but he-
has asked it of the people. What is this Govern-
ment but the mouth-piece of a free people; and
when this Government speaks to strangers and
speaks to the world, it is the people of the country
that speak in the language uttered by the Govern-
ment. That is the great glory of our Republican
institutions.
This distinguished man asks us—the people of
this country—to go to war on the Continent of
Europe, by money, men, and political influence,
for the cause of human liberty there, Now, no
man desires more than I do, that the great cause
of civil and religious liberty should succeed upon
the Continent of Europe; and I believe, judging
from the signs of the times, the day is not far dis-
tant when, by reason of the influences which have-
been cast back upon that Continent from this
country, by means of the continual and intimate
social intercourse between that country and this,
by means of emigration and reemigranon, by the
peaceful and quiet influence of this country, Europe
is to be regenerated. But if we listen to this cry
of armed interference, and if the people of this
country are to go with men and money to fight
the battles of liberty on the Continent of Europe,
then we at once put an end to that wise policy
which we have practised from the days of Wash-
ington to this hour; and instead of the influence of
this country being exercised as it has been here-
tofore exercised, armed force, and war, and blood
is to determine whether Europe is to be free or not.
In my humble opinion, the first American gun
discharged upon the Continent of Europe, in de-
fence of a revolution in Europe, will be more dis-
astrous to the cause of human liberty than all the-
batteries of all the despots in the world.
Sir, it is said that we have a great mission to.
perform : that it is our duty to interfere, not only
by the expression of sympathy, but in some other
way which gentlemen do not exactly define, in the
cause of distressed humanity in Europe. We
have a great trust to execute, and a great duty
to perform; but, like every other trust and every
other duty, domestic, social, and political, it is lim-
ited; it has its errand. If we go beyond that—
if we turn crusaders for the purpose of executing
that trust and performing that duty in other lands,
like all crusaders we may get great honor, we may-
be renowned in chivalry and in song, but we shalE
neglect the great duties which we have to perform
at home, where we can perform them to the ad-
vantage of mankind.
The altar of our liberty has its own temple. It
is here. Here let the oppressed of every land
some to worship. Hers let tbera some if they
