185*2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
959
tiers,) be enabled to keep these lawless people from this
ivland. But I would suggest the necessity of'an early aug-
mentation of force, it it be only for the purpose of enforcing
tlie revenue laws. A gun-boat would be a force sufficient
to answer all the purposes required."
After that the Secretary, on account of this re-
port. looking upon the island as an important
place, sent out Captain Patterson, under orders, to
survey it. He did survey it, and made his re-
turns. Those returns are not embodied in the
documents here. I examined them in the Navy
Department, but they have no connection with this
case; they merely show the surveys, and the fact
that the island was not quite as favorably situated
as had been previously supposed. In the mean
time, the Secretary of the Navy, on the request
of the President, had addressed to him a commu-
nication asking an inquiry into the practical pro-
priety of fortifying Key West, and taking posses-
sion of it for the purpose of erecting: Government
fortifications. Nothing of the kind, however, was
ever done. Subsequently, in April, 1823, the Sec-
retary issued orders to Commodore Porter totally
disconnected with these previous movements, and
merely giving authority to him to establish a naval
depot for the purpose of suppressing piracy in the
neighboring seas. There w^s no right conferred
upon him to take possession of the whole island,
or to establish martial law, or to interfere in
any way with the rights of the residents. When
the Government had previously taken possession,
through Commodore Perry, the proprietors were
present—their rights were recognized. It was the
mere assertion of jurisdiction on the part of the
United States; and now the attempt is made to in-
clude the order given to Commodore Perry with
that given to Commodore Porter, with wnich it
has no possible relation, when the latter order was
simply to establish a depot at Key West, with the
view of suppressing piracy in the Gulf.
Now, I say, taking the return of Commodore
Porter to the Secretary of the Navy, the Secreta-
ry's report of all the knowledge the Government
had, they never knew, they never suspected, that
any such acts as have been complained of by these
claimants ever took place, until the time the peti-
tion was presented in 1834, nine years after the
Government had ceased to have this alleged pos-
session of the island. Then the Secretary of the
Navy answered it, and Congress acted upon and
rejected the claim. After the lapse of fourteen !
yeais it comes back, and is favorably reported j
upon in the House of Representatives by an entire
disregard of the existence of the former report to
the Senate, and the whole facts of the case. Then
the case comes back to the Senate, after a lapse
of eighteen years, on the face of that report of the
House of Representatives, and without reference
to the facts set forth in the report of eighteen years
ago; and you are asked to pass a bill intrusting a
discretionary power to an accounting officer to
squander $120,000 of the Government money,
when there is no proof justifying the committee to
report any specific sum. The claimants have
already received £17,000from the public Treasury.
They have received it, either indirectly or through
their assignees; either way it amounts to thasame
thing.
The Senator says that this does not reflect on
the character of Commodore Porter. You have
but to read this report to see, that from one end of
it to the other, the allegation is frequently repeated,
that serious outrages had been committed by Com-
modore Porter. If true, they were outrages; no
man can doubt it. If the facts stated be true,
there is not one act that Commodoie Porter com-
mitted for which he would not have been liable,
if an action had been brought against him. If an
action had been brought against him, then the
question would have come up, whether the Gov-
ernment would reimburse him or not. The ques"
tion then would have been dependent upon this:
If, in the due performance of his orders, an-d in
accordance with the exigencies of the service, he
had the authority as an officer to do what he did,
and was obliged to pay damages in consequence of
that act, the Government would of course have
retmbutsed him; but if it was done without neces-
sity, we would have exercised our discretion as
to that. If we thought it was done from a vio-
lent or obstinate temper; if we thought he abused
the authority confided to him, and had trespassed
upon the rights of these individuals, and deprived
them of their pioperty, and declared martial^ law
without necessity, and took possession ot the
whole island, when he was only authorized to
establish a navy-yard and depot, we should have
refused to reimburse him, even if $150,000 had
been recovered against him. Am I to be told that
this does not involve the honor and character of
that distinguished seaman ? Why, every act of
his, throughout, is characterized as the "arbitrary
act" of Commodore Porter. The complaints of
these parties are made in the tone of men whocon-
siderthemselvesaggrieved by outrage after outrage;
and such is their memorial. They dared not, as
I said before, in his lifetime bring him into a court
of justice, and have the matter decided by a jury.
But now, when he is in his grave, they come for-
ward here, and ask the Senate of the United States
to judge them on ex parte testimony. The distin-
guished Senator from Florida read from testimony
taken ex parte, in order to prove these statements;
and there was nothing from which he could read
to show that Commodore Poster did anything
wrong. It is not for me now to defend Commo-
dore Porter, other than to say that his character
stands on the annals of his country, as having
performed services of the highest order. I have
never yet heard his character impeached. He may
have been a determined man; he may have been
a resolute man; he may have been an opinionative
man; but for one, I am not willing to sanction the
claim; and, if there were no other objection, I would
make that which goes upon the ground that, if
these facts be true, that he committed deliberate
outrage after outrage upon the rights of Ameri-
can citizens, utterly unnecessary to the perform-
ance of his duties, the result, simply, of a self-
willed and obstinate temper. Such is not my belief.
And if such had been the fact, I do not doubt,
for one moment, but that the parties would have
i sued Commodore Porter, and recovered damages
against him. Had they been able to establish
these facts, or had there not been some sufficient
reason for his conduct, they would have brought
suit against him. Without going further into the
details of this case, and asking pardon of the
Senate for the length of time which I have con-
sumed on a mere private claim, I shall leave the
case. I cannot vote for the claim, and I persist
in my motion.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall reply very briefly to
the remarks of the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware. And first, as to the nature of ex parte testi-
mony, I will ask him frankly whether any testi-
mony introduced here could be any other than ex
parte ? The Government is not likely ever to have
appointed a commission to attend to the taking of
testimony, and hence any testimony elicited must
necessarily be ex parte; but that it is ex parte is not
evidence that it is not faithful and true.
I must repeat again that there is not one word
m this report which, in my judgment, throws the
slightest stain upon the character of Commodore
Porter. I had the honor of drawing up that re-
port, and I am proud to say that there is no
Senator on this floor who holds the memory
of that seaman in higher reverence than I do.
As long as the character of the American Navy
, stands, as long as the value of an American
; officer is known and appreciated, so long will the
j name of Commodore Porter be remembered and
| appreciated. But Commodore Porter,in the exe-
! cution of these acts, was doing what? He was
' executing a duty under martial law—a duty which
i he coukfnot perform but by the enactment of mar-
I tial law. The existence of martial law within the
I fcerritoiy governed by him was necessarily the ex-
( elusion of the laws of the State of Florida; the
existence of martial law within the territory which
! ]ie established was necessarily the exclusion of all
j the proprietary interest of every man in the ter-
j ritory. Can we be told here that Commodore Por-
- ter could have established a navy-yard and depot
j without martial law ? Are we to be told that he
| could have acknowledged any proprietary interest
! in the soil which he occupied by martial law r Could
| he even have permitted their enforcement by any
i process from a court of justice? Why, this sys-
' tem of martial law emanated from the authority
! that conferred upon him the right to take posses-
! sion of the island. That authority is found m
I distinct words, first, to "Commodore Perry, who
' was an advanced guard, a reconnoitering party, to
1 ascertain, in the first place, whether the island was
! susceptible of beinsc made a naval depot, and he
j was told if it was so, to take possession of it; and
i then comes the order to Commodoie Porter, also,
to take possession of it. Now, I repeat again-,
when it was taken possession of under the author-
ity of the United States for this military purpose,
that purpose necessarily excluded the existence of,
the laws of Florida; and when it was taken pos-
session of also in the name of the United States,
as a part of the Spanish territory ceded to the
Government, it necessarily excluded all idea of
proprietary interest in. the soil on the part of indi-
viduals.
Now, when Commodore Porter took possession:
j of a certain district of the island, or the whole of
S it, and informed these persons that the^were there
j upon sufferance, if they violated that information,
| what was his remedy? Why, to use military force,
1 the very remedy he told them he would use. Using:
military force, imprisoning citizens who violated
his military orders, was the legitimate authority
; which every military man knows must be put ia
j force in such a case; and in doing so, did he draw
i upon himself any imputation of acting without
; authority? No, sir; he would have been recreant
j to his duty, having been ordered to take possession
I of the island, if he had not imprisoned every man,
i woman, and child, on the island, who attempted
; to interfere with his authority. When he did this,
' he executed the duties which his country had con-
i tided to him, and what the country did by its
agent, it did by itself. We have set up these acts
of Commodore Porter, not to show any dereliction
on his part; not to show any act incompatible with
a gentleman, a man of honor, and a correct seaman;
but to show that they were acts of a man in au-
thority, sustained by the highest authority of Iris
country—the order of the chief of his department;
and in them, he did no wrong.
But it is said, that the orders to take possession
of the island excluded the idea that he should take
possession of the whole of it; that they only gave
him a right to take possession of sufficient to estab-
lish the navy-yard and depot. That is a gratui-
tous assumption. Commodore Porter was judge
of how much was necessary. We cannot to-day
review his judgment, and say that it was wrong.
He judged that the whole of it was necessary; and
I hold that we must carry out his judgment. He
did take possession of it, and was justified by his
orders in so doing. It is asked why Commodore
Porter was not prosecuted during his lifetime?
Why, it is a well known fact, that Commodore
Porter's residence was beyond the United States
for the greater period of the time after the trans-
action; he was absent from the United States, at
Constantinople, for a great number of years.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 would ask the honorable
Senator to point to any report Commodore Porter
made to the Navy Department which imparts to
them the fact that he had taken possession of the
island, or established martial law there, or any-
thing approaching to it.
Mr. MALLORY. The establishment of a navy-
yard and depot by a naval officer, is necessarily
the establishment of martial law. The idea of hav-
ing a navy-yard and depot, and not having martial
law within it, is something which I never heard of.
Mr. BAYARD. Does the honorable Senator
mean to say, when an officer reports that he has
established a navy-yard and depot on an island
four and a half miles long, containing over seven
hundred acres, it implies that he has taken pos-
session of the whole island, and established -mar-
tial law over the whole, beyond the part occupied
by the depot and navy-yard?
Mr. MALLORY. It is a geographical fact,
well-known to the country, that but one small
corner of the island was inhabited or inhabitable.
That was taken possession of, the other part of
the island was destitute of inhabitants. So that
any other assumption would be to say that he
might take possession of all the valuable soil, and
drive the inhabitants into that which was worth-
less. Commodore Porter does not say in precise
terms what he did; because his orders were to
take possession of the island. His orders were
| these:
" You will establish at Thompson'sIMand, usuallv called
Key West, a depot, and land the ordnance and marines to
1 piotoct the stores and provisions : if, however, you shall find
' anv important objection to this place, and a more suitable
: and convenicntone can be found, you are at liberty to setact
! it as a dep.'t."
The island had previously been taken possession
j of under positive orders to Commodore Perry,
; Now, Commodore Porter says;
I "The fixing an establishment at Thompson's I&land for
