960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2.
rendezvous and supplies, as my instruction required, has
had tiie most happy effect in attaining the object in view."
'I rose chiefly to repudiate the idea that in pass-
ing this bill we shall cast any stain upon Commo-
dore Pqrter. . It is simply the case of a military
officer, under the direct orders of the (government,
jassuming control—as was the case, perhaps, at
Santa Fe-^of private property, and exercismgthe
rights of the eminent domain of the country against
the proprietary interests of the soil.
The motion to postpone indefinitely was agreed
to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned until Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 2, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Bctler.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
rFEES AND COSTS IN U. S. COURTS.
■ Mr. McLANAHAN. Thereis upon the
Speaker's table a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior in response to certain inquiries
contained in a resolution adopted by this House.
-I ask the unanimous consent of the House that
that communication may be received, referred to
the Committee oil the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. STANLY. What is the communication
about?
Mr. McLANAHAN. It is a response to cer-
tain inquiries made in regard to the fees and costs
ift circuit and district courts of the United States.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia?
Mr. COBB. I must object, unless we proceed
to the consideration of the business on the Speak-
er's table regularly.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I will say to the gentle-
man from Alabama, that it will take two weeks to
print this communication. All I desire is to have
it referred to the Committee on the Judicfary and
printed.
Mr. COBB. Very well; I will take back my
objection.
Mr- STANLY. I have no objection to the
reference, but I object to the printing.
Mr. McLANAHAN. It will take two weeks
to print it, because other matters have preceded it;
otherwise the printing of this document would not
take two weeks. I hope the gentleman from North
Carolina will withdraw his objection to the print-
ing, for this is a very important document.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a report from the First Comptroller
of the Tieasury, m response to certain interroga-
tories contained in a resolution adopted by the
House in January last, relative to fees and ex-
penses of the courts of the United States.
Mr. McLANAHAN moved that the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and that it be printed. There being no ob-
jection, it was so ordered.
CLAIM OF THE STATE OF ALABAMA.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a claim in behalf
of the State of Alabama, for money advanced to
the United States, in raising troops for the Mexi-
can war, now before the Committee of Claims.
The agent of the State is here, and it is very desi-
rable to have the claim referred to the accounting
officers of the Department for settlement. I ask
the. House to discharge the Committee of Claims
from the consideration of that claim, in order that
it may be so referred.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
DISCIPLINE IN THE NAVY.
Mr. STUART. Is not the bill in reference to
the Navy the first business m order?
The SPEAKER. That question will come up,
if demanded by any single member; otherwise the
first business in order is the unfinished business of
the morning hour of yesterday, being the report
nvide from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STUART. I desire that the bill in refer-
ence to the Navy may be taken up, and I ask the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to with-
draw the motion to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In order to enable
the gentleman from Michigan, and other gentle-
men who desire it, to debate the bill, I withdraw
the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr, HENN. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether, if this bill is taken up, the question which
was pending yesterday—the motion to refer the
Iowa railroad bill—will lie over until next week ?
The SPEAKER. It will go over until to-mor-
row morning, and will come up then unless cut off
by some privileged motion. There are three such
motions: Togo into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, to go into a Committee
of the Whole House, or to reconsider a vote. It
will be the first business in order during the morn-
ing hour, unless cut off by some one of these mo-
tions.
Mr. RANTOUL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that motion in
order, when there is a privileged question already
before the House, the reconsideration of the Navy
bill, the gentleman from Michigan having the floor
upon it, and when there is also a special order
pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts is
not in order; the gentleman from Michigan having
the floor upon a privileged question.
Mr. M1LLSON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Michigan, I desire to make a sim-
ple suggestion to the House. I was under the im-
pression that the House, on Monday last, by
unanimous consent, agreed that this motion for re-
consideration should go over till Monday next,
and that the bill should be printed in the mean
time. I know I made the suggestion. My im-
pression is, that the Speaker stated from the Chair
the suggestion which I made, and asked if there
was any objection to it. I was certainly under the
impression that this matter, by unanimous con-
sent of the House, was to go over until Monday
next.
The SPEAKER. That proposition was made
more than once, but was not definitely determined,
and yesterday the House agreed that it should be
passed over informally. The gentleman will recol-
lect that on Monday last the debate continued,
which was tantamount to objection, and that the
House adjourned without agreeing to the arrange-
ment to which he refers.
Mr. STUART. I desire to say that I have no
disposition to discuss this question, now, if the
House prefers that the bill should go over until
Tuesday, or any day subsequent. My individual
preference wouldbeforthemotionofthegentleman
from Massachusetts, to go into a Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar; and if theHouse
will unanimously agree that this question, as it now
stands, shall go over till Tuesday, why, I shall be
very willing that it shall do so.
Mr. DANIEL. I move, then, that this question
be postponed until Tuesday next.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I have no
objection to that motion, but I ask if it would not
be better to let it go over until to-morrow morn-
ing? It can then be taken up.
Mr. DANIEL. We shall want to transact pri-
vate business to-morrow.
The question was then taken on Mr. Daniel's
motion, and it was agreed to—ayes 93, noes not
counted.
Mr. STANLY. Is not the call of committees
for reports the next business in order?
The SPEAKER. Reports from committees are
in order, unless the House go to some other busi-
ness.
Mr. STANLY. Is not that the regular order
of business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would decide that
the first business in order would be, to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order.
Mr. DANIEL. A motion has been made by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ran-
toul,] to go into Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar. If that motiot  is not
considered pending before the House, I now sub-
mit the motion to go into a Committee of the
Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has not submitted that motion.
Mr. DANIEL. I was under the impression
that he had.
The SPEAKER. He submitted the motion
once, but it was decided to be out of order.
Mr. DANIEL. Then 1 make the motion now.
Mr. ALLISON moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, in the opinion of the Chair,
must be first put.
Mr. DANIEL. I hope it will be voted down.
The question was then taken on Mr. Alli-
son's motion, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Daniel's motion
to go into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. GORMAN. Is not the call of the commit-
tees for reports the next regular business in order,
and does it not take precedence of a motion to go
into a Committee of the Whole House?
The SPEAKER. It does not take precedence.
Mr. GORMAN. I understood the Chair to say,
in response to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, that if the motion to go into the Committee of
}he Whole on the state of the Union did not pre-
vail, the next business in order, during the morn-
ing hour, was the call of committees for reports.
I will merely observe to the Chair and to the
House, that it has been two months since the
committees have had an opportunity of reporting.
All the business of the country is now in the
hands of the committees.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana is aware that the question is not debatable.
Mr„JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the Chair if the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Henn] did not report a bill from the Committee
on Public Lands during the morning hour yester-
day, and was not occupying the floor, when he
was arrested in the midst of his remarks, and the
floor taken from him by a motion to proceed to
the business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. That'is the history of the
case.
Mr. JONES. Then, is not the gentleman from
Iowa entitled to the floor this morning, to con-
tinue his remarks during the morning hour? And
can the floor be taken from him to make a motion
to go into a Committee of the Whole House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the floor cannot be taken from the gentleman from
Iowa. It did not occur to the Chair before. The
Chair will be compelled therefore, if the gentle-
man from Iowa claims the floor, to assign it to
htm for the morning hour.
IOWA RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. HENN. I desire to accommodate theHouse
as much as possible, it being Friday, which is
private bill day. I desire to be governed entirely
by the wishes of the House in this matter. If it
is the wish of the House that I should yield the
floor, with the understanding that I shall have it
whenever this matter comes up again, I will do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can yield the
floor, with that understanding, if no one objects.
Mr. STANLY. I object, unless one hour can
be devoted to the calling of committees for re-
ports.
Mr. DANIEL. Is it not competent for the
gentleman to yield the floor to enable me to move
to go into a Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar? I have the right to submit the
motion, if he yield for the purpose.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for him
to yield the floor if there be objection; and objec-
tion was made.
Mr. DANIEL. But suppose the gentleman
had got through his remarks >
Mr. STANLY. There will be time enough for
that when the gentleman gets through.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot yield
the floor for that purpose, unless he yields it alto-
gether.
Mr. DANIEL. I understood that he did yield
it altogether.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman's motion
is in order.
Mr. IIENN. I do not yield the floor for any
such purpose, unless it is with the understanding
that I may resume it again when the matter again
comes before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot yield
it with any such understanding—objection having
been made.
