1824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17.
Mr. OLDS. I ask if the Chair has not an-
nounced the same order of business morning after
morning; ?
The SPEAKER. That is very true, but in
every case where the morning hour has not been
interfered with, it has been reserved by express
motion before proceeding to the business of the
morning hour. That is the shape in which unan-
imous consent has been heretofore asked. It was
totally neglected this morning, and in the opinion
of the Chair the morning hour has expired.
Mr. OLDS. I do not wish to appeal from the
decision of the Chair, but I am sure the under-
standing was, that when leave was granted to in-
troduce the bill, that it should not interfere with
the morning hour. If I had not been of that opin-
ion, I certainly should nut have given leave.
Mr. CABELL. I ask if that was not the na-
ture of the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr .Mace ?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated that the regular business of the morning
hour was reported at the Cierk's desk. The gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] at that stage
of the proceedings obtained the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce his bill. Inasmuch
as the morning hour has expired, a motion is now
made that the House proceed to the consideration
of business upon the Speaker's table. The pri-
vate business upon the Speaker's table will be re-
ported by the Clerk.
Mr. GORMAN. I do not know in what state
the report made by the Committee on Printing
is, if we go on with this motion. I ask if it is in
order to move to postpone the report until Mon-
day next.
The SPEAKER. It being private bill day, the
private business on the Speaker's table is first in
order, to the exclusion of the report of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman.] By unan-
imous consent alone the gentleman can get in a
motion with reference to that matter.
Mr. GORMAN. I then ask the unanimous
consent of the House to allow me to make such
motion.
The SPEAKER. If no motion is made at all
with reference to the report of the Committee on
Printing, it will come up in order on some future
day, when not interfered with by some more priv-
ileged motion.
Mr. GORMAN. So that it does not go upon
the Speaker's table, I am satisfied.
Mr. HOUSTON. Some gentlemen have mis-
understood the decision of the Chair, and have
insisted that the Chair did not decide that the mo-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Daniel] takes precedence over my motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from North Carolina does take precedence. In-
deed, there is no necessity for any motion such as
that made by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Daniel.] The first buf-ineps m order is Sen-
ate bill No. 185—An act for the relief of the Raleigh
and Gaston Railroad Company.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is it now in
order to move to suspend the rules to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon a general appropriation bill?
The SPEAKER. Jt is m order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I then submit that motion.
Mr. DANIEL. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Are there not
some private bills upon the Speaker's table which
passed without objection through the Committee
of the Whole upon objection clay? I think that
we ought to pass those bills. They have been for
months upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SACKETT. Does the motion to go into
n Committee of the Whole upon the Private Cal-
endar take precedence of the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER. It does take precedence.
Mr. SACKETT. I then make that motion.
Mr. LETCHER. la it in order for the gentle-
man to submit that motion while the House is di-
viding upon the other motion ?
The SPEAKER. The House was not precisely
in the act of dividing. Suppose tellers had been
ordered: thegentleraan from New York [Mr.SACK-
ett] would then have had it in his power, before
the question itself was put—tellers having been
ordered-—to make the motion he now submits.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sack-
ett's motion, and, upon a division, there were—
ayes 40, noes not counted.
So the House refused to go into a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The question was then taken upon Mr. John-
son's motion, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Disney in the chair.)
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The business first in or-
der is the consideration of House bill No. 43,
making appropriations for the expenses of the In-
dian Department for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1853. The time agreed upon for discussion
by the Househaving expired, the bill is now open
for amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a right, under the
rules, to address the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union for one hour. There are
many things I would like to say, connected with
this subject; especially upon the amendments pro-
posed to the bill, of which notice has been given.
But, as I am exceedingly desirous of expediting
the public business, I will endeavor, in one instance
at least, to set a good example, and I will, there-
fore, decline to address the committee this morning,
for the purpose, if possible, of getting through
with this bill.
The bill was then read by clauses.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to amend
the item which reads " for repairs of buildings at
agencies, $2,000," by increasing the amount to
$15,000.
Mr. J. said: Mr. Chairman, I submit to the
House, and to the gentlemen of the Ways and
Means Committee, that the original recommenda-
tion of the Department was $15,000, and that that
sum is extremely moderate for the purposes for
which it is asked. The policy of this Government,
and the laws now in existence in regard to Indian
tribes, require that the agents of the Government
shall live at or among the tribes. It is found that
they cannot so effectually perform their duties if
they are not convenient to the tribes; nor can they
exercise such a supervision as is for the best in-
terests of the Government, for the peace of the
frontiers, and of the Indian settlements themselves,
when they are not among the Indians, as when
they are among them. It i^ utter folly to expect
an agent to go and live among the distant Indian
tribes, where there is no dwelling for him to in-
habit, and, at best, nothing but an Indian hut
where his papers, office, and records must be kept.
Consequently, where there is no place of residence
within a tribe that lies distant from the frontier,
we find that the agent, under the law which re-
quires them to live <{ at or near" the tribe over
which he is appointed, is often located at consider-
able distances, and most inconveniently. The in-
terest of the Government, and the prosperity of
the tribe, are the victims of this error.
It will readily be seen, then, when we consider
the great number of these Indian tribes, that we
must have some means—and Congress has hereto-
foie always provided these means—to support che
agents, and enable them to live at least in log-cabin
comfort. We cannot expect them to go and camp
in the wood^ throughout the whole period of their
service as Indian agents, nor can we, considering
the amount of pay which we give them, expect
them to build houses for themselves, which must
afterwards revert to the Government as Govern-
ment agencies. A sum of $15,000 is all that is
asked for the repairs of agencies, although we
have a great number of old agencies, and have
taken under our control the supervision of many
new tribes, where there are no agencies or houses
at all; $15,000 is all that is asked for the repair of
all the old agencies that already exist. I have no
question m my own mind that $30,000 could be
well appropriated among the various tribes for the
purpose of establishing residences for these agents.
We cannot expect Indian agents, men of intelli-
gence and character, such as will be competent to
exercise therequisitebeneficialinflueticeoverthese :
tribes, to go out themselves, mount a hunting ■
shirt and leggings, camp in the woods, and sleep j
beneath the trees upon the bare ground; nor can
we expect them, under the limited and economical
system which we have adopted in paying them so
small an amount—in most instances no more than
$750—and losing the benefits of civilized society,
living among tribes of savages, that out of this sum
they should build houses for themselves, and when
turned out of office by the succeeding Administra-
tion, have to abandon them, and receive nothing
of this Governmentfor them. This is not the way
business is done, and I trust and believe that the
Committee of Ways and Means were not fully in-
formed of the necessities in regard to these mat-
ters. I do not believe they would have stricken
out so moderate an appropriation as $13,000 out
of $15,000.
1 shall make no more remarks upon this subject,
believing that what I have already said will show
the necessity to the House, that the Government
of the United States should provide some means
by which the agents of the Government shall live
among the tribes where their duties are to be dis-
charged, and where they have to exercise that in*
fluence over the Indians which will preserve peace
and good order upon our frontiers.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means fully appreciate the ne-
cessities existing for erecting buildings at the vari-
ous Indian agencies in this country. They were
not, however, prepared at this time to authorize
the expenditure of money for the erection of addi-
tional buildings for Indian agents. At the present
time it is not determined at what point the Indian
agencies are to be located. For years past money
has been expended for the erection of buildings
for the use of the agents in various tribes situate
directly upon our frontiers; and there are at this
time buildings at which the agents are now resid-
ing, and where they have been residing for several
years past. At the last session of Congress, it
will be remembered by those members who were
m that Congress, the number of Indian agents
was reduced by an amendment pioposed by the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The number of Indian agents was then reduced.
At this time there are upon the frontiers houses in
which the Indian agents reside, and when you
come to the Territory of New Mexico and Utah,
I am bound to concede that there are no buddings
there for the agents to occupy, and it is a matter
of uncertainty where these agents are to be sta-
tioned.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs and the
Secretary of the Interior have not yet determined
what tribes are to be placed under the supervision
of the Indian agent now stationed in New Mexico.
Certain I am that one of these agents has been
here during the last winter, thus showing that
there is hardly any necessity for the number of
Indian agents thatnas been given to the Territory
of New Mexico. The Committee of Ways ami
Means were desirous of affording to the Indian
department all the money which was needed for
the purpose of repairing the buildings at the resi-
dences already erected within the Indian country,
and hitherto the appropriation for that purf ":e
has been limited to a sum of §2,000 per annum.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs himself t-lla
you that the estimate he now submits exceeds the
estimate of pastyears #13,000, and the Committee
of Ways and Means made the amount proposed
to be appropriated by this bill correspond with
the amount that has hitherto been appropriated
for that purpose.
I believe the custom hitherto has been, whenever
it was thought advisable to erect a building forsn
Indian agent in any particular tribe, that the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, or the Secretary of
the Interior, has submitted a special estimate for
the erection of buildings to be occupied by such
agent stationed at such point. When we have
estimates of that kind sent to us, that we may
know ourselves where the buildings are to be erect-
ed, that we may have all the information upon the
subject, by which we may judge of the necessity
of continuing agents, then will Congress be able
to judge of the necessity of making such appro-
priations. But I am unwilling to place this sum
of money at the disposal of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, or the Secretary of the Interior, to
be expended perhaps injudiciously, for Congress
may determine U> extinguish the title to the lands
which the Indians now occupy, and then your
