THE CONGRESS!
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, 8 Y JO HN C. Rl V ES.—TERM S $3 FOR THIS;' SESSION.
3'2i> Cowgiu'.ss, isr Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 20, 1852.
New Series„..No. 115;
expenditure of money for tlie buildings of the
a^enrs would be useless and thrown away. Again,
there is another objection to this amendment. If
you appropriate $15,000 for tbe erection of new
agency buildings, 1 desire to know how many
new agency buildings will be erected?
In the Indian country, the expensedbuildin°-is
much greater than it 'is,in the States. For "in-
stance, in the Territory of Oregon, it is probably
five, it not ten times greater' in some portions* of
that Territory than it is in ihe States, and almost
every agency building erected on the frontier of
Missouri or Arkansas, designed for the use and
accommodation of an a;;ent, has cost from $1,500
to $3,0i!0. Let, then, the Commissioner of In-
dian AfTaiis designate where he witdies-to erect
these buildings, but not ask for the money to be
appropriated in this manner, by which he may
commence some half dozen or more buildings with
an appropriation insufficient to finish them, and
afterwards he will come to Congress and demand
additional sums of money to be approprinied for
the buildings which he has commenced in order to
complete them. These are the reasons which in-
duced the Committee of Ways and Meansto make
an estimate in this particular for the repairs of
these buildings corresponding with the estimates
of preceding years.
Mr. SIBLEY. Is it in order to offer an amend-
ment to an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. SIBLEY. I propose, then, sir, to offer
the amendment which I introduced a few days
ago.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I submit: that
the gentleman is not in order in offering a new
amendment, unless it applies to this amendment.
Tne question has not yet been taken upon my
amendment. There has been no vote upon ityet.
The question was then taken on Mr. Johnson's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment, under the instruction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means., to come in after line
thirty-one, on page three, viz:
For contingencies of the Indian Department, $38,500.
Mr. Chairman, I have but a word to say in re-
lation to that amendment. That is the usual ap-
propriation for contingencies. The Committee of
Ways and Means, pursuing the course pursued
towards all the Departments, addressed a letter to
the head of the Indian Bureau for a detail, or as
near a detailed estimate of the expenditure contem-
plated by that appropriation as he could give. We
desired to know for what objects the money was to
be appropriated, as nearly as he could give it. He
declined, for a considerable time to furnish tt, and
the committee, therefore, struck it out. Subse-
quently he furnished the information, and the
committee have instructed meto request the House
to insert this amendment. I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am in favor of that amend-
ment, and am not going to speak against it; but I
desire to say, that there has been some strange
misunderstanding between the Ways and Means
Committee and the Department. Now, his letter
bears date on the 5th of January, 185:2, and the
reply, dated 5th of January, 1852, was sent the
same evening.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not suppose the gentle-
man from Arkansas desires to question the vera-
city of mv statement.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not; but I am stating
this to show that the Commissioner of Indian At-
fairs replied directly.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is misin-
formed. I have ro doubt, as every member of
the Committee of Wavs and Means will state who
is upon tins floor—nnd J have not conferred upon
the .snhje'-t with any member of that committee—
that these aie the facts. We waited for a very
Jono- time, and the information was not sent to ns.
Th#  letter we received does not bear date the 5ih
of J^nuarv.
Mr. JOHNSON. Here is the letter.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make an inquiry.
115
I understood the chairman of the Committee of
Waysand Means to say that he asked for inform-
ation-from the Commissioner of-Indian Affairs" as
to the objects for which this money was ui he ap-
propriated, and that the CoiutuiJ-sioner furnished
the information. Will the chairman let the com-
mittee know what those objects are? Let us
have the information.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is impossible for me to
state them all. It is ail of the contingencies that
attend the administration of aU the laws in re-
gard to the various Indian tribes at the several
Indian agencies all over the country.
^ Mr. FOvVLEU. Is the letter of the Commis-
sioner short ?
Mr. HOUSTON. The detailed statement of
the items is in the committee-room.. I can send
and get it, if the gentleman wishes it, but it is
long.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have it somewliat in my
power to answer (he'gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Bowler,] havniir devoted much atten-
tion to this particular branch of business, it is
this: There has been, from the time as far back \
as i am acquainted with the history of our legisla- j
tion upon Indian affairs, a contingency neces^ry I
to be provided for, and actually provided for That 1
contingency for many years has stood at ^3G,500, J
which is the precise amount that the chairman '
of the Ways and Means Committee now offers. !
That contingency, which was estimated for, was i
thrown, out of the appropriation bill in conse- !
quence^ of some misunderstanding between the i
Committee of Ways and Means and the Indian i
Bureau or the Department of the Interior. ]
Mr. PHELPS. There was no misunderstand- j
ing. The Commissioner failed to answer the >
letter. j
Mr. JOHNSON. He failed to answer the let- {
ter accoiding to the undeistanding of the commit- \
tee, but he answered it according to his under- I
standing. If that be no misunderstanding, then j
there was none. But the appropriation useff-is>
for contingencies, it is one that always has been •
made, and should be made again, and the Ways '
and Means Committee offer it themselves, and it ,
is right. But I will state the objects of the appro-
priation.
Mr. FO WLElt. Thatis what I want to know.
Mr. JOHNSON. The objects are to pay for
the transportation of goods and money due to the
various Indian tribes m every direction through-
out the broad expanse of this Union. Tiuit is one
of the heaviest items. The transport of goods
and supplies of bacon and salt, and every other 1
article that can be named, throughout the whole i
expanse of territory where our Indian relations j
extend, covering, I believe, a greater aiea, or at j
least as great, as that coveied by our white popu- I
lation. That is, as I before said, one of the heaviest j
items which creates the necessity fur this appro- i
priation. !
The various expenses of traveling incidental to |
the movements of the agents under the otders of j
the Department is another item of expenditme. !
There are others which 1 cannot go into and give :
you the amount of. I have examined them, and
you will see how reasonable is the amount of ap- i
propriation for all the contingencies incident io ;
the administration of this branch of tins India" 1
department, u lien you consider that the amount •
is not increased, although during the present fiscal
year our Indian lelations have been most extra- ;
ot'dinailiy extended. Thete is no doubt of the 1
propriety of the appropriation. j
Mr. SIBLEY. Is it m order now to offer an :j
amendment to the amendment? I:
The CHAIRMAN. It is. ;;
Mr. SIBLEY. Then I oiler the foUowing jj
amendment,of which i gave notice thedav before ■}
yesterday: ^ !j
For tlio sub i^tovreo of the Indian* of any tnbo residing jj
witlnn the limit* of th.i United £utK's> who imiy hm-unct
bo .-uri-'rinir Tor want oi fo.xl ;uvl pio>x-r clotfi-nj. io he ev [j
pi'miod muter the direction oi the rfeeremi v ot the Interior, ||
tflUU.OOO: ProiMetl, That in no case sisall any portiun ot'i[
>nnl hum bo paid out unlos a reliable s-'ta?Qm,jnt shall be jj
niadtt to the (Secretary of the lat«uor ol the existence o£ 4
such a of sufficing amongst the Indians asl^cojitem-
plated in this clause. ' {
"Mr.- PHELPS.. I rise to a Question of^rd#>r.1
In the.first place,'that is not an amendment to the
pending amendment; and jn the second place, it
proposes an expenditure which is unauthorized by
any existing law. ■> 'v ' '* • '
Air. SIBLEY. I withdraV. tlVe amendment for
the present, and-will offer it when the .amendment
now pending is disposed of. ' *
-The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
The question i ecurred upon the amendment sub-
mitted b.y Mr. Hous'ion. :
Mr. PHELPS. 1 'move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the amount of the appropriation
$1,000. -For the information of the gentleman
from Mvmaehusetis (Mr. Fowler] Lwifl fmther-
more "explain that there are other expenditures be-
sides those stated by the-gentleman" from Arkan-
sas, although, perhaps, they Come under the gen-
eral heads which he has mentioned. The -manner
in which the annuities are disbursed to the, Indian
tribes is as follows: It will be recollected that the
Indians are divided into different superintendent
cies,.and the money which i-st<> Be expended within
each superiritendency is  pl&cetl under the c'ontrol
and direction of that superintendent,and he then
portions it out according to the law,'to the various
agents who have the disbursement of the money.
Mr. KOWLER. I desiie to ask one'questron.
I am entirely satisfied with the-explanation of the
chairman of the Committer on Indian Affairs, as
far as regards the objects for which these contin-
gencies are to be expended. Tins matter of con-
tingencies , however, ought to be understood, be-
cause it is a matter of discretion. I desirp,"there-
fore, to know from the gendemnn from Missouri,
who has the discretionary control over the dis-
bursement of these contingent expenses?
Mr. PHELPS. It is under the control of the
Secretary of the Interior. Thetravehog expenses
of the Indian agents are paid out of this fund, It
is necessary they should have guards when going
to the Indian country 
Mr JOHNSON, of Georgia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I object to this discussion about
superintendences, and the, amount of money to
be placed at the disposal of the di{Ter£n£ agents.
It is not relevant to the amendment now before the
committee.
Mr. PHELPS. With the permission of the
committee, I will withdraw the amendment. I
merely offered it that 1 might have an opnoitttnity
of answeting the inquiry of the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The question recurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr, Houston, and being put, it was
decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. S1PLEY. I now, propose to offer the
amendment which I before submitted, but with-
drew.
The amendment was pgnin read.
Mr. DUNHAM, i rise to a question oforder.
That appropriation has not been estimated for,
nor is it authorized by any existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feefs compelled
to overrule the point of order presented by the
gentleman from Indiana. It appears, without fur-
ther examination, from the very face of the bill,
that an appropriation is made, in lines twenty- ,
nine and thirty, "for provisions for Indians."
Mr. PHELPS. Thatappropiiation is provided
for by express Uw.
Mr. DUNHAM. The appropriation5? provided
for in the bill, to which the Chair alludes, are pro-
vided foi by express treaties, which are a part of
the lows of the h-tud.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark,
that in the allusion which he made to the appro-
priation in lines twenty-nine and thirty, he sup-
posed that that appropriation was -made" undt-r
some general provision of law,.authorizing the
Secretary of the Inter or to purchase provisions
for the Indians perhaps in some particular and
