1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
specified oases. If the existing law does authorize
the Secretary to purchase provisions for the use of
Indians, in general terras—if there be no limitation
upon such appropriations, then the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Minnesota, .being
of the same general ch&ractev, would come within
the operation of the law, although larger in
amount.. ' >
Mr. DUNHAM. There is nolaw in existence
that' authorizes the purchase of provisions for
Indians.
Mr. SIBLEY. I will'state that there is a law
authorizing the expenditure of §10,000 per annum
as a civilization fund, and has been ever since
1819.- • - • -
Mr. DUNHAM- Por what-ptfrpose ?-
Mr." JONES," of Tennessee. To civilize the
Indians.
Mr. DUNHAM". That Is for another purpose
entirely. But there is no existing law that I ever
heard of that authorizes appropriations for the
purpose which' the amendment of the gentleman
'from Minnesota'seems to contemplate.
Mr. SIBLEY. I rise to, a question of order.
Has not the point of order raised by-the gentle-
man from Indiana been overruled by the Chair?
If so, all these remarks are irregular and out of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. There is a question of
order already pending. The gentleman from In-
diana will.perceive that the whole point turns on
a question of fact—whether the existing laws do
or do not authorize the expenditure of money for-
the purchase of provisions for the use'and benefit"
of Indians. The Chair cannot "determine that'
question of fact without seeing' the lf>ws.
Mr.-JOHNSON, of-Arkansas. I rise to a
question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order
now pending must be determined before another
one can be raised.
Mr. DUNHAM. It seems to me that the gen-
tleman from Minnesota must first submit the au-
thority of law by which such an appropriation
can be made, as his amendment pronoses..
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
again that he finds in the bill a provision to the
following effect:
"For provisions for Indians, $1],800."
The Chair is therefore compelled from the face
of the document to assume that such appropria-
tions are warranted by the existing laws. If the
existing laws do warrant an appropriation for
such a purpose, the amendment of the gentleman
from Minnesota being for that purpose, although
larger in amount, is within the lange of the rules
of order. It all turns, as the Chair before re-
marked, upon the question of fact, do or do not
the existing laws authorize such appropriations ?
The Chair infers from the face of this, bill that
they do.
Mr. SIBLEY. I believe that when I have ex-
plained to the committee, in the few minutes that
are allotted to me under the rules, the necessity of
making an appropriation of this kind, there will
not be a solitary vote against the amendment. I
stated m my remarks, the day before yesterday,
that a state of facts had come to my knowledge
within a short time which showed thatin my own
Territory there had, within the last few months,
perished from actual starvation, some fifty or more
individuals of the tribes within it. Now, I know
that there is no fund at the disposal of the De-
partment which can be used for relieving the In-
dians when they are reduced to extremity for
want of food. I state, upon my own knowledge
of the fact, that this suffering among the Indians
13 increasing from year to year. I myself have
seen within the last few months whole bands of
Indians reduced to such a state of exhaustion as
to render locomotion almost impossible, and they
were only enabled to live through the season by
aid from the Government agents, or by individ-
uals.
In this state of things, and with these facts
staring us in the face, the question is, whether this
Congress is "not willing to put into the hands of
the proper authouties, with all the restrictions
which may be necessary to guard the expenditure
of the money, such a sum as may, make it possi-
ble for the Department to succor the Indians when
they are. found in a starving condition".
1 propose, before I sit down, to' modify my
amendment, I find that some gentlemen around
me think the appropriation too large. I am will-
ing to reduce it to $50,000, and to guardit by all
the limitations as to discretionary power in the
Secretary which can-be thrown around it, so that
it shall be disbursed in no case except when the
Indians are' found to be actually in a condition
borderihg on"starvation, I do not propose that
whenever it is understood that an Indian tribe are
somewhat straitened-in their means of subsistence,
And that they have not an abundance of supplies
on hand, that a probahle failure shall be antici-
pated and pro'vid'ed for; but when Indians are
reduced to "such ah extremity 'as-contemplated,
and expressed in the amendment, then; I think,
there ought to be-no "doubt in the.mind of any gen-
tlemen of this committee of the propriety of pla-
cing a fund at the disposal of the Secretary of the
Interior, to be applied to their immediate relief.
I now modify'my amendment so as to read as
follows: " ■
For the subsistence of Indians of any tribe residing within
the limits of the United States, who may hereafter be in a
starving condition, to be expended under tlie direction of
tile Secretary of the Interior, $50,000 : Provided, That in
no ease .-halt any portion of said sum be paid out unless re-
liable statements-shall be made, to the Secretary of the In-
terior of the existence of such a state of sullen rig among
the Indians as is contemplated by this clause,
Mr. PHELPS. I am under the necessity of op-
posing the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Minnesota. By treaty stipulation, and by
law, we appropriate, m round numbers, $800,000
to be .expended .for thelaenefit Of Indians; I mean
that-that iathe amount-which we are-bound by
treaty to.disburse to the Indians for their support"
and subsistence. The gentleman from Minnesota
now proposes'to increase the amount $50,000,
without any recommendation or estimate from the
Department or from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, but upon his own mere motion, and upon
information which he has obtained by his resi-
dence in the Territory of Minnesota, relative to
the suffering condition of Indians in that Terri-
tory. No>v, if you make" this appropriation in
this instance, you will have to follow it up by
appropriations hereafter, and you cannot estimate
the extent to which expenditures will increase and
grow-upon"us. Those wild tribes of Indians/which
support themselvea by robbing our emigrants to
California and Oregon—by plundering the emi-
grant trains crossing the plains—are sometimes
found in a state of starvation, and youwould have
to disburse money to keep them alive to scalp de-
fenseless men, women, and children. Away with
such philanthropy!
Mr. SIBLE"i. I wish to correct the statement
of the gentleman as to a matter of fact. I do not
propose that this money shall be expended for the
benefit of any particular tribes of Indians that
now receive annuities, from, the Government, but
among all the tribes in the United-States—those
who do or do not receive annuities, wherever they
may be found in a suffering condition.
Mr. PHELPS. Then it is a proposition to
support the wild Indians, and pay them for mur-
dering white men.
It is proposed to extend it now, not to those
civilized Indians upon our frontiers who may be
starving or suffering, but you are to extend it to
those wild Indians, and thus to give them a pre-
mium to plunder, scalp, and tomahawk our de-
fenseless women and children. I can never con-
sent to such an expenditure. There is a provision
existing for an appropriation of §10,000, or not to
exceed that, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of War, and is usually expended
under the direction of the officers of the Army in
the Commissary's Department, amongst the In-
dians who visit the military stations and forts upon
our frontiers, if they are found to be in a destitute
01- starving condition. You will find that appro-
priation embraced in the Army appropriation bill.
1 have no objection to that appropriation.
Mr. SACKETT. Suppose the amendment
were adopted, 1 ask the gentleman if there is any
general provision of law which prescribes the man-
ner in which this appropriation is to be expended?
Mr. PHELPS. None whatever. There is no
legislation upon the subject. Wthis provision be
adopted, it will be the firstand only provision upon
your statute-book directing money to be expended
in this manner. There is no regulation for this
disbursement of this money if it is appropriated.
There is no law regulating the conduct of the of-
ficers who may be charged with its disbursement.
Mr. SIBLEY.' I will iftate^to the gentleman
that there-.is a.provision appropriating $10,000 for
the civilization of the Indians, without any restric-
tion . whatever so far as the Department is con-
cerned. _ , ,
Mr. PHELPS. So far as this civilization fund
is concerned, there is a standing appropriation
of $10,000, for civilizing the Indians; but that
money is expended for paying missionaries, to go
among them, for establishing and supporting
schools, and for civilizing the Indians. 1 know
of'some schools which are supported and kept up
out of these $10,000. It is hot expended for pur-
chasing clothes and provisions, but, as I said', for
paying missionai les and for the support of schools.
The money is expended for an altogether different
purpose from that, contemplated by the proposition
of the gentleman from Minnesota.
Mr. JOHNSON-, of Arkansas. I moveto amend
the amendment by striking, out "§50,000," and
inserting" §1,000." - -
I offer that amendment for-the purpose of say-
ing that I do not concur in the amendment of the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. SiblSy,] for rea-
sons which I will give to the committee: I do not
concur in the reasons given by my friend from
Missouri [Mr. Phelps] for opposing it, but there
are, in my opinion, good reasons for opposing it.,
My friend from Missouri says this is offered as a
premium to these wild Indians for scalping and
destroying our people.. '
Mr. PHELrS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will explain. I understood the gentleman
from Minnesota to say that he did not desire this
money to be expcndedamongthecivilizedlndians,
but among the wild Indians with whom we have
no treaties—those who scalp and tomahawk our
defenseless women and children on the frontiers.
Mr. JOHNSON, The object of my friend
from Minnesota is this: There are large numbers
of Indians within the limits of his own Territory
whom I have no doubt, as he states, suffer ex-
tremely. Well, I am not afraid, if we were to
give to them to preserve them from starvation, that
it would, prove a fruitful motive to destroy our
people at all. The only objection I have to it is,
that it would take something from the Treasury,
and it would furnish a precedent which would
grow into-a system, so that .all the tribes of In-
dians with whom we have made no treaties would
be fastened upon the Government of the United
States for support. But, aside from that, if I sup-
posed that the cause of humanity required us to
afford these Indians relief—if I supposed they were
really suffering, so that help was seriously de-
manded from our hands, from the whole history
of this country connected with these Indians, I
should feel bound to come forward, temporarily
at least, and save their lives.
But, sir, I have not that species of evidence
which would authorize me to come forward and
vote to expend §100,000 or even §50,000 for this
purpose. Not at all. I do not find that the hon-
orable gentleman from Minnesota has presented
! here the recommendation of any Department of
this Government for this appropriation. ' The
Department which has especial charge of these
Indians has sent no message here upon the sub-
ject. He comes here and asks for the appropri-
ation upon information which he has received
from home. But is that a source of information
sufficiently authoritative to be relied upon by us
when we know nothing of it? We must be per-
mitted to judge of the testimony of which he
judges himself. We might not perhaps judge of
j it so partially as the gentleman feels bound to
| judge. This consideration has more especial
j weight when we know that the Government has
: agents amongst these tribes, and if serious want
existed amongst them to the extent represented
by the gentleman from Minnesota, the Indian
agents there would report it here to the Indian De-
partment of this Government and call for relief; and
if the circumstances of the case were such as to
justify it, the Department would commend it to
our consideration if they did not recommend an
appropriation. But they have not brought it to
our notice. Now, shall we step aside here with-
out any authoritative showing from any quarter,
when we have a department of the Government
expressly to attend to and investigate these mat-
ters, and appropriate $100,000 for what we do not
know to exist, or for what we do not know in
that authoritative manner which we are required
