962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
one now proposed in Iowa, and even more so, for
theone in lowaleaves the Mississippi at Dubuque,
at nearly right angles with that river, and approaches
it again at lveokuck,at nearly the same angle; while
the Illinois road runs from Cairo for some,distance
parallel with said river, and as it approaches its
northern terminus, runs, for a number of miles,
nearly on the bank of that river.
The provisions of this bill are the same as those
passed at the last session of the last Congress, with
the exception that the Committee on Public Lands
of the House has seen fit to throw around it some
restrictions, in order to protect the interests of the
Government, so that the road will be built, and so
that the increased price of the public lands, in al-
ternate sections, reserved to the Government,
■would certainly be obtained. The bill now under
consideration contains these restrictions, and pro-
vides that no lands shall be sold except a certain
quantity, until twenty miles of the road are comple-
ted, and the proceeds of this land lying in the vicin-
ity of the road, are to be applied especially to that
part of the road to which they are contiguous. It is a
very proper restriction, and one which I will cheer-
fully vote for, m order to prevent speculation, and
iti order to insure the completion of the road. I do
not wish to consume the time of the IHIouse any
further in railroad discussion, because every mem-
ber upon this floor has had an opportunity of ex-
amihingthese bills: The Missouri bill was printed
one month ago, and has been before the members
of this House. The same bills have virtually been
before the ftouse for years. They are understood.
I wish now, however, to call the attention of
this House to one fact, which is very ominou^to
me. A proposition is brought forward by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. BenwettJ to give
the old States a certain quantity of the public lands,
at the same time that it is proposed to allow the
new States to tax their people a dollar and a
quarter per acre additional for their lands.
I would ask the friends of that measure if they
are willing to take their grants upon the same
terms as we do, to wit, to render an equivalent for
what they get? Oh,no. No such thing is asked.
I say it is time now that Western men under-
stood each other; and I rose yesterday for the
purpose of asking a vote upon this bill, in order
that we might have a test vote; and, as I desire to
have a test vote, I will move that the bill be put
upon its passage; and I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CLARK. Will my colleague give way for
a moment ?
Mr. HENN. I will withdraw the call for the
previous question, provided the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, addressed the
Chair, but his remark was not understood by the
reporter.
Mr. CLARK. I supposed that my colleague
was not through.
Mr. HENN. I demand the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. As long as that motion is
pending no discussion is in order.
Mr. TUCK. I ask the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Hen'n] to withdraw that motion. I will
renew it.
Mr. HENN. I am satisfied that if I withdraw
the demand for the previous question for one, I
must also for another.
Mr. TUCK. I only want to ask 
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order. Does
the gentleman from Iowa withdraw his motion?
Mr. HENN. I do not.
Mr.,CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I hope the pre-
vious question will not be sustained; but if it is,
that the bill may be committed to the Committee
of the "Whole. I desire to answer some of the
remarks of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Will it be in order to
move to go into the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has some doubt
whether, the previous question pending, during
the morning hour, it would be in order.
Mr. CLARK. What is the question?
The SPEAKER. It is upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. CLARK. What will be the effect of sus-
taining the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The question will then be
upon the commitment of the bill, that motion hav-
ing been made yesterday.
Mr. CLARK. Cannot that be withdrawn ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot be so long as the de-
mand for the previous question remains. The
question is upon seconding the call for the previ-
ous question.
- Mr. ORR. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orr and
Fowler were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. -1 wish to inquire
of the Chair if there is a motion pending to refer
this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair again states to
the House that there is a motion pending to com-
mit the bill to the Committee of the Whole upon
the state of the Union. The House will first be
brought to a vote upon that proposition, and then
upon ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to ask a question. 1
should be glad to know whether the motion which
has been made to commit this bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, can be withdrawn, and another
motion substituted, to put the bill upon its pas-
sage ?
Mr. JONES. I can make a motion to lay the
bill upon the table, and I will try that.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman to withdraw his motion.
Mr. CLARK.- What will the House then be
brought to vote upon?
The SPEAKER. Upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed.
Mr. HENN. I adhere to my motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole, and I hope
it will be voted down, with a view to put the bill
upon its passage.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to withdraw his demand for the previous
question 5
The SPEAKER. The motion is not with-
drawn.
The question was then taken on seconding' the
previous question, and the tellers (Messrs. Fow-
ler and Orr) reported—ayes 89, noes notcounted.
So the previous question received a second; and
the main question was then ordered to be put.
The question now being upon the commitment
of the bill—
Mr. CLARK demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, William Appleton,
Abhe, Aveiett, Babcock, David J. Bailey,Thos. Ii. Bayly,
Barrere, Bartlett, Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Brasg. Breck-
inridge, Georjie H. Brown, Uuell, Burrows, Busby,Thomp-
son Campbell, Caskie, Chandler, Chapman, Chngman,
Cullorn, Daniel, Geo. T. Davis, Dean, Edgerton, Edmund-
son, Evani, liwing, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J. P. Fuller,
Gamble, Gentry, Goodenow, Goodnch, Gorman, Giey,
Grow, Hammond, Ilaiper, Ishaiu G. Hams, Sampson YV-
Harris, Haven, Hibbard, Hillyer, Hereford, f!on>ton, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Ive®, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, Darnel T. Jones,
George W. Jones*, George G. King, Preston King, Kulins,
Letcher, Martin, McDonald, McLanahan, McMullin, Mc-
Uueen, Mcacham, iMeade, MiHbOri, Aimer, Murray, Olds,
Outlaw, Samuel YV. Parker, PeasMee, Peikins, Polk, Pow-
ell, Bobbins, Russell, Sackett, Savage, Sehernieiiinrn,
Schoolcraft, Scudder, David L. Sejmour, Origen S. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Smart, Snow, Stanly, Richard H. Stanton,
Abtaliam IVStevens, Sione, Strother, Sutherland, Sweet-
sor, Taj.lot, Benjamin Thompson, George W. Thompson,
Venable, Walbridse, Wallace, WaNli, Ward, Washburn,
Watkms, Welch, Wells, and Woodwaid—J15.
NAY tf—-Messrs.. Willis Allen, Brenton, Brurg*, Brooks,
' Albert G. Brown, E. Camngton Cabell, Joseph Cable,
Lewis D. Campbell, Clark, Cobb, John G. Davis, Doty,
Dunham, Duikee, Eastman, Fiekhn, Freeman, Gayloid,
Hall, Hemhicks--, Henn, Howard, Iugersoil, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Landry, Lockart, Mace, Mann, Ed-
ward C. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, McCoikle, Miller,
Molony, John Moore, Nabers, Newton, Orr, Penmman,
Phelps, Rantoul, Ilicbaidson, Robinson, Scurry, Smith,
Beniamin Stanton, Stuart, Alexander White, Wilcox, and
Yates—50.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole upon the Private Calen-
dar.
Mr. ORR. The morning hour has not yet ex-
pired.
The SPEAKER. It has not expired by some
seven minutes.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a privileged question. I
move that the vote by which the iowa railroad bill
was committed to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the CJnion be reconsidered, and that
that motion do lie upon the table.
The question was put and the motion was agreed
to—ayes 97, noes not counted.
The" question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Daniel, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative,
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House upon the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Chandler in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. This being the first Fri-
day in the month, it is objection day. The bill
under consideration when the committee was last
in session was House bill No. 150, being "A bill
for the relief of Robert Nelson." That is the first
bill in order.
The bill provides that Robert Nelson have the
privilege to reconvey a specified tract of land, en-
tered by mistake, to the United States, upon fur-
nishing to the Commissioner of the Land Office
satisfactory evidence that he has not conveyed
away or incumbered said tract of land, and that
he be permitted to enter a like quantity of land,
subject to private entry at $1 25 per acre, in lieu
of said land so reconvened.
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to withdraw the ob-
jection I made to House bill No. 147, at the last
sitting of the committee, being ?tA bill for the relief
of the Monroe Railroad Company and their secu-
rities."
Mr. KING, of New York. Let the bill and re-
port be read.
The Clerk read the bill and report.
The bill provides for the canceling of the sev-
eral bonds given by the Monroe Railroad Com-
pany for the duties upon iron imported at Savan-
nah, Georgia, in 1841, and the satisfaction of
judgments which have been or may be obtained
by the United States against said company or their
sureties, upon their bonds aforesaid, upon the de-
fendants, paying costs of suits.
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation lhat it do pass.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States at the hands of M. Pr
Fillmore, Esq.]
The committee next proceeded to the consider-
ation of House bill No. 151, being " A bill for the
relief of the heirs of William McFarland."
The bill and report were read.
The bid provides for the confirmation of a tract
of two hundred and fifty arpents in the parish of
East Baton Rouge to the legal representatives of
William McFarland, provided it does not affect
the rights of others, if such exist.
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
House bill No. 153, being " A bill for the relief
of the heirs of Semoice,a friendly Creek Indian,>?
came up next in order. The bill confirms to the
heirs of Semoice title to a section of land under act
of 2d July, 1836, in virtue of the treaty of 9th
August, 1814, reserving land to certain friendly
Creek Indians.
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill No. 154, for the relief of Ira Bald-
win, came up next in order.
The bill and report were read.
This bill provides that the Secretary of War
shall issue to said Ira Baldwin a land warrant for
three hundred and twenty acres of land, to be lo-
cated on any unappropriated lands in the United
States, which have been offered for sale; and also,
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall pay to
said Baldwin the amount of three months'extra
pay for services rendered by him in the late war
with Great Britain.
Mr. SACKETT moved to amend the bill so as
to make it read "to be located upon any lands
subject to entry for bounty lands;" which amend-
ment was agreed to.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
House bill No. 158, for the relief of Sergeant
Leonard Skinner, came up as the next in order.
