1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
to know before we act? It is setting an example
or precedent the end and extent of which no man
can foresee. I cannot, then, when I know that no
committee of this House, and no committee of the
Senate has had this matter under consideration—
when no Department of the Government which
have these Indian agents amongst all these various
tribes of Indians, has recommended it to our con-
sideration—when they are all silent upon-the sub-
ject—agree to make the appropriation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to .
the amendment to the amendment, not because I ;
am in favor of the amendment of the gentleman :
from Minnesota, but I want both voted down be-
cause there are no recommendations or estimates
from any Department of Government for them,
and because there has been no investigation byany
committee.
Mr. SIBLEY. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee allow me to explain?
Mr. JONES. I cannot. I have but live min-
utes to speak. I wish to make a remark or two
upon this bill. These entire estimates when re-
ferred to thecommitteebytheDepartmentamount-
ed to $938,890, all based upon acts of Congress
and treaties with the various tribes of Indians.
The Committeeof Waysand Means, in reporting
this bill, reported in favor of all these items except
$49,800. Thirteen thousanddollarsofthesum they
rejected was for the repair of buildings at the agen-
cies, and which this committee refused to reinstate
upon the motion of the gentleman from Arkansas,
[Mr. Johnson.] Another item which the committee
of Ways and Means did not report, of $36,500, for
contingencies, this committee, upon motion of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
have restored. There is another item of §300
which is not reported or estimated for. This bill
includes the entire amount estimated for by the
Department except the $13,300; and of that,
$13,000 the Committee of the Whole have refused
to insert in the bill. Then we come within J300 of
the amount originally estimated; and it is believed
this $300 may be accounted for by a clerical error;
so that the bill, as it now stands, embraces the
original estimates of the Department to us for the
support of the Indian Department.
The question was then put,arid the amendment
to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SIBLEY. Is it in order for me to amend
my amendment >
The CHAIRMAN". It is in order to amend
the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it is not in orderfor
the gentleman to amend his own amendment.
Mr. SIBLEY. If it is m order I move to re-
duce the sum $'20,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
gentleman adopting that course; butifit is adopted
it will render this debate interminable, and, with
the design of getting along with this business, I
object. I must do"so, for if we go on allowing
members to amend their own amendments we shall
siever get through.
Mr. SIBLEY. I ask the Chair to decide
•whether it is in orderfor me to amend my amend-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
it is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. To avoid all
difficulty, I move, in order to give the gentleman
from Minnesota a chance to speak ill opposition
to the amendment, to reduce the amount to $100.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
that the amendment is open to amendment, and
he knows of no paihaiueritary rule which would
prohibit the mo\er of an amendment from the
piivilege extended to every other member upon
the floor. The Chair will make no remark upon
the symmetry of such a proceeding. ^ He can only
decide upon the right; and he decides that the
gentleman from Minnesota has the right to make
the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will offer the amendment
which I a moment ago indicated, and the gentle-
man from Minnesota can speak against it. 1 move
to strike out all but p00. ■ ...
Mr. SIBLEY. I tha.uk the gentleman for tiis
courtesy. I am opposed to that amendment, I
do not wish to be placed in a wrong position upon
this subject by the remarks of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] and the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] with regard to my ob-
| ject in offering the amendment. It has been stated
that there has been no estimate furnished from the
Department for this appropriation. Now, I will
venture to say that there is no officer connected
with the Indian Department of this Government,
be he a superintendent or commissioner, who
would not heartily assent to the proposition Iiiave
introduced, and declare such a provisiqtl to be in-
dispensable. There is 110 official document, so far
as I-know, at the Indian Office showing the state
of things 1 have exhibited. But I have here let-
ters from reliable sources upon which I have
based my statement to this committee. And 1 do
not hesitate to reaffirm that within the last six
months many Indians in the North west have per-
ished for want of proper food and clothing.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
has stated that this amendment was offering a sort
of premium to those wild Indians to scalp and
tomahawk the defenseless emigrants. Sir, I say
to that gentleman, and he must be aware of the
fact, that the very reason why those Indians have
become so desperate in their attacks upon the lives
and property of the whites who are passing to
California and Oregon is, because the action, or
rather non-action, of the Government has reduced
them to the necessity of providing themselves with
the means of subsistence by the commission of
these outrages. Has not their country been made
a thoroughfare foi all the people who choose to
pass through it with or without their consent?
Has not the game which furnished the principal
food of these poor wretches been destroyed or
driven off, and the Indians thereby rendeied des-
perate ? And has the Government provided against
the inevitable result of such a state of things'
Sir, the gentleman has made a great mistake in
asserting that the passage of this amendment will
be virtually offering these Indians a premium to
commit depredations. It will be attended with
precisely the contrary effect-
Mr. JONES. I would inquire of the gentleman
from Minnesota if the Indians of any tribe with
whom we have treaties, and with whom we have
an agent, has been reduced to a state of starva-
tion ?
Mr.SICLEY. I was just coming to thatpoint.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the rules of the
House, allowing five minutes' discussion, it is pro-
vided that a member offering an amendment shall
be allowed live minutes to explain his amendment,
and show -why it should be adopted; and another
shall be allowed five minutes to show why it
should not be adopted. This general debate is
hardly allowable, except it is under a liberal con-
struction of the rule. The amendment is to re-
duce the appropriation, and the gentleman must
confine himself to showing reasons why the ap-
propriation should not be reduced.
Mr. SIBLEY. I was endeavoring to show
why this amendment of the gentleman from Ar-
kansas, [Mr. Johnson,] proposing to reduce the
appropriation, should not be adopted. Now, sir,
with regard to the question of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] I wish all the facts tobe
before the House when a vote is taken upon my
amendment. I will state, that some of the Indians
in our country are removed hundreds of miles
from the agency within whose jurisdiction they
are considered to be: and it is impossible for the
agents to be cognizant of everything that passes
amongst Indians at that distance. They must
necessarily depend upon the reports of the mis-
sionaries and traders, who live near the Indians.
I am not aware that any among the bands who re-
ceive annuities have diedof starvation. They are,
of course, far better off than others who must
hunt for a subsistence. But I have before ex-
plained that, in offering the amendment, I have
not reference particularly to the state of things ex-
isting in this or that part of the country. I know-
that much suffering is endured by the Indians in
the Northwest, but to what extent no one can tell.
I presume the same scarcity of food to exist else-
where; perhaps in California, Oregon, New Mex-
ico, or among the root diggers of the Rocky
Mountains; and^that the proper authorities may
have the means at command to relieve any such
extremity of distress, wherever it is to be found
within the limits of our greatcountry, I have been
induced to present my amendment for the consid-
eration of the committee. Having thus discharged
what I conceived to be my duty, the fate of the
proposition must be decided by the House. The
facts are before you; and, meager as the informa-
tion is, the bare possibility of starvation being en-
dured by any within the boundaries of this Re-
public, should be guarded against without delay.
If the Indians do not need relief^the money will
remain in the Treasury'; if they should need it,
God knows that this Congress ought not to with-
hold it from them. . ■
But-, sir, my amendment does-not profess to do
■more than to plate a'fund in the hands of the Ex>
ecutive, to be used in succoring those poor Indians
who are in a starving condition, whenever it may
be known, or can be proved, to .the "satisfaction of
the Secretary of the Interior, that the Indians are
in a state of starvation. 1 want'the Secretary to
have some means at his disposal to feed them, and
keep them from starvation.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
agreeing to the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I withdraw
the amendment, if there is no objection.
No objection wks made, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
The question then recurring upon agreeing with
the original amendment, ' '
M r. EOYVLER requested that it might be read
again.
It was accdrdingly again read, as above in-
serted.
Mr. DURKEE. I propose to amend-'theamend-
ment by adding $5,000.
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of this amend-
ment of the gentleman from Minnesota, because it
is wise, humane, and just. We all know, sir, that
the Indian lives by the chase, and that his means
of subsistence are precarious and uncertain—that
frequently during the severe winters of the last
few years, many of the Indians in the Northwest
have died of starvation in consequence of deep
snows, which prevented the digging of roots.
Many of them, also, have suffered much from im-
mense herds of cattle driven through their country
to California, and from loss of their game killed
by emigrants.
TheOmahas, residing on the Missouri river,
and directly on the California route, sent a dele-
gation to this city last winter, to represent to their
" Great Father their wrongs and grievances. I
accompanied this delegation to the Executive
mansion, and witnessed their interview with the
President. My sympathies were deeply touched
as I heard these unsophisticated children of the
forest relate their tale of hardship and suffering.
The chief orator said to the President, " The
' Omaha tribe wish to maintain friendly relations
' with their white brethren, and are in favor of ex-
' haustmg all pacific means for a proper adjust-
' ment before resorting to measures of war." The
President made them presents, and promised fur-
ther relief. Sir, were there a fair expi isition made
of the dealings and conduct of this Government
towards the Indians, I fear we should find a tre-
mendous balance against us. "VVe may pass over
these things lightly now, but it would be well for
us to remember that there must come a day of
reckoning. I noticed a few days since,.in exam-
ining the report of the Commissioner of Public
Lands, that we had realized already for those pur-
chased of the Indians, over sixty millions of dol-
lars profit, after paying all expenses incident to
survey and sale. Oil a large portion of these lands
may now be seen densely populated cities and
highly cultivated farms worth from ten to one
hundred dollars per acre; and for these lands we
paid the poor Indians only about ten cents per
acre. Now, while our red brethren are crowded
by white settlements on all sides, and their whole
country overrun by the immense travel to the Pa-
cific, to refuse this small tribute to the cause of
justice, appears to me an act of great inhumanity.
'This amendment you see, sir, only provides relief
where there is danger of actual starvation, and
shall we refuse them even this slight act of repara-
tion? We hear much of the cruelty of slavery,
and alas! justly, too, but I have never yet heard
that the master in any case allowed the slave to
perish with hunger. Sir, for our Government,
which boasts so much of its civilization and liber-
ality, to deny this relief to the hitherto uncared-for
Indian, would be as oppressive as the conduct of
the English Government towards Ireland in bar
infamous system of absenteeism and taxation.
We all remember that only a few years since, fifty
thousand people in Ireland died for wanii of food,
