964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
tinctly, that the decision which he made had refer- ;i for disabilities received in the service of the United
eilce to objections made to-day, and not to those , bei objecUC,n> ihe !)iU was laid aside,
mMr°MA&^HALL?^But I ask the indulgence i! to be reported to the House with the recommend-
, Mr. MARSHALL.   -
of the committee to permit me to withdraw my
objection.
-The CHAIRMAN, if there is an objection it
cannot be'done.
Mr. SWEETSER. _I object?
Mr. SACKETT.
ation that it do pass.
House bill No. 185, for the relief of Maurice
K. Simons, came up as next in order.
This bill recommends that said Simons's name
1 ooieoi; ■ ke placed upon the list of invalid pensioners, at the
Before the bill which was i' rate of eight dollars per month, during his life, for
  1 i •• ' . . * 3 1. :i „ . n>.nir]/ia f\t tha Initpfl
consideration the Private Calendar, had passed
through the whole of it, and had directed hiru to
report sundry bills with amendments and some
bills without, with a recommendation that the
amendments be concurred in and that the l*ills be
last read, No. 174, is disposed of, I would ask the
gentleman who reported the bill [iylr. Martin] i
why the pension is not placed back, according to ;
the rule of the House, to January 1st, 1850; It j
seems to be a very hard case, and it ought to be '
made conformable to the rule governing cases of
alike character. The papers were perfected m
January,-1850, and the pension proposed to be ;
granted by thebillordv begins from January, 1851.
I move to amend1 the bill so as to provide ihat the
pension shall commence January 1st, 1850.
Mr. SWEETSER. Is it in order to move to
amend a bill in this committee?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the practice.
The question was then taken on the amendment 1
and it was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to ,
the House with the recommendation that it do
House bill No. 176, "for the relief of David ■
Murphy, ofOliio," came up its next in order. The j
bill grants a pension to David Miller of six dollais
per month during his natuial life, on account of
wounds received while in the United States service
in the late war. . |
Mr. AVERETT, I ask the gentleman having ■
charge of this bill, whether this petitioner is living? j
Mr. EDGERTON. I suppose so. He was on
the 12tli of last month, for 1 received a letter from
him.
Mr. AVERETT. I will make this inquiry to
all bills, for there are some petitions here from i
dead persons. [Laughter.] 1
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom- ■
mendation that it do pass. !
House bill No. 179, for the relief of William ,
Lynch, a soldier of the late war with Great Britain, 1'
came Hp as next in order. j!
The bill grants to William Lynch a pension on ;
account of wounds received while in the service of
the United States during the last war. !|
Mr. DANIEL. I will not object, if the pen- i'
sion commences the 1st of January, instead of the i
time fixed in the bill. I move that amendment.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. Pensions heretofore ||
have commenced to run with the perfection of, i
the proof. The proof in this case was perfected '|
at the Thirtieth Congress, and the bill passed the ,
House. I
Mr. DANIEL. That does not remove my ob- ij
jection. I
The question was taken, and the amendment;
was agreed to.
There was then no objection, ami the bill, as '
amended, was laid aside, to lie reported to the 1
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
House bill No. 180, for the relief of Jonas D.
Piatt, of New York, came up as next in o«ier.
This bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to !
place the name of Jonas D. Piatt on the roll of !
invalid pensioners, at the rate of six dollars per
month, commencing on the first day ol'January, '
1846, and continuing during ins natural life, for !
injuries received in 1814. during the late war, while
in the service of the United Srates.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House, with the recommend- !
ation that it do pass. !
House bill No. 181, to increase the pension of >
Henry Click, of Cocke county, Tennessee, came
up as next in order. ' !
This bill provides for the payment of a pension
of eight dollars per month, during life, to said ;
Henry Click, for disability occasioned by injuries !
which he received while in the service of the Uni- \
ted States. ■
There being no objection, the bill waa laid aside,
to be reported to the House with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
House bill No. 184, for the relief of B. B. Ben-
nett.
This bill provides that a pension shall be granted
said Bennett, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
injuries received while in the service of the United
States, in the war with Mexico.
There being no objection, the'bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Senate bill No. 54, entitled "An act for the relief
of Theodore Ottut," came up as next in order.
This bill provides for the payment of a just and
legal claim of said Offut against the Government,
tlie value of a bay mare, which had been taken
without his consent, and without compensation,
while he was a private m Captain Pollard's com- j
puny of mounted volunteers, and which had been i
turned over to the United States quartermaster,
Major Grant, in January, 1848. . 1
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside, j
to be reported to the House with the recommend-
ation that it do pssa. . *
The following bills, coming up in their order m j
the Committee of the Whole, being objected to as !
indicated below, were laid aside under the rule for ;
future consideration, viz: _ '
149. A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieuten- i
ant Bartlett Hines. [Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
objected.] _
152. A bill for the relief of Patrick Gass. [Mr.
Hai.i. objected.]
155. A bill for the relief of William H. Wells
and others. [Mr. Sweetser objected.]
! 157. A bill for the relief Josiah P. Pilcher, late
a private in Company F, second regiment Ken-
tucky Volunteers. [Mr. King, of New York,
objected.]
159. A bill for the relief of the heirs-at-law of
deceased.
on
78
[Mr. Sweetser
[Mr.
Anthony G. Willis
objected.] j
161. A bill to provide for the payment of the j
companies of Captains Bush, Price, and Saurtz, j
for military services in Florida. [Mr.Sweetser j
objected.] j
162. A bill for the relief of Dr. S. R. Addi- j
son, passed assistant surgeon in the United States
Navy. [Mr. King objected.]
1C3. A bill for the relief of Jacob J. Storer.
[Mr. Sweetser objected.]
168. A bill for the relief of David Myerle. [Mr.
Daniel objected.]
175. A bill for the relief Anthony Walton Bay-
ard [Mr. Harris, of Tennessee, objected.]
177. A bill for the relief of Elizabeth E. V.
Field. [Mr. Duniiam objected.]
178. A bill for the relief of Ilenry Miller, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812. [Mr. Averett objected.]
182. A bill for the relief of Charles Staples.
[Mr. Averett objected.]
1 183. A bill for the relief of Aaron Stafford.
Daniel objected.]
Senate bill No. 32. An act for the relief of Mar-
garet L. Worth. [Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, ob- i
jected.] <
i Senate bill No. 66. An act for the relief of Wil- :
liam P. Greene. [Mr. John W. Howe objected.]
197. A bill for the relief of Jbhn B. Rogers, of j
! South Carolina. [Mr. John W. Howe objected.] j
198. A bill for the relief of Joseph Arnew and j
Peter Arnew. [Mr. Nabehs objected.] I
199. A bill for the relief of the legal represent- |
atives of Bernard Todd, [Mr. King, of New
York, objected.] ^ :
200. A bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of John II. Piatt, deceased. [Mr. Sackett
objected.]
201. A bill for the relief of George Simpton, of
Galveston. [Mr. Goodenow objected.]
202. A bill for the relief of the widow and or-
phan children of Colonel William R. McKee, late
of Lexington, Kentucky. [Mr. Daniel objected.]
203. A bill for the relief of the Trustees of the
Philadelphia Gas Works. [Mr. Sweetser ob-
jected.]
On motion by Mr. li CELL, the committee then
rose, and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
the Chairman [Mr. Chandler] reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had had under
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. NABERS moved that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet oil Monday
next.
Mr. STANLY demanded the yeas and nays;
count for which there were—ayes 10, noes
8; no quorum.voting.
Mr. NABERS withdrew his motion.
I Mr. SWEETSER moved that the House do
! now adjourn; which motion was not agreed to.
! The following bills, reported from the Conimit-
i tee of the Whole without amendment, were then
1 ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
! being engrossed, were read the third time and
j passed, viz:
, Senate 54. An act for the relief of Theodore
| Offut;
i 150. A bill for the relief of Robert Nelson;
151. A bill for the relief of the heirs of William
M cFarland;
153. A bill for the relief of the heirs of Semoice,
a friendly Creek Indian;
158. A bill for the relief of Sergeant Leonard
Skinner;
160. A bill for the relief of the heirs of Jeremiali
Wingate;
164. A bill for the relief of James A. Fawns;
166. A bill for the relief of Monmouth B. Hart,
Joel Kelly, and William Close, securities for the
late Benjamin F. Hart, a purser in the United
States Navy;
167. A bill for,the relief of Isaac Cobb;
169. A bill for the relief of Catherine Clark;
170. A bill for the relief of Jacob Shade;
171. A bill for the relief of Thomas P. Dudley;
172. A bill for the relief of George Cassady;
173. A bill for the relief of John Hazen;
176. A bill for the relief of David Murphy, of
Ohio;
180. A bill for the relief of Jonas D. Piatt, of
New York;
181. A bill to increase the pension of Henry
Click, of Cocke county, Tennessee;
184. A bill for the relief of B. B. Bennett; and
185. A bill for the relief of Maurice K. Simons.
The following House bills were reported from
the Committee of the Whole with amendments,
154. A bill for the relief of Ira Baldwin;
174. A bill for the relief of Wm. Dwelly; and
184. A bill for the relief of B. B. Bennett.
The amendments were severally concurred in,
and the bills ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and being engrossed, were read the thiid
time and passed.
MONROE RAILROAD COMPANY".
The question theiuecurred upon ordering House
bill No. 147, for the relief of the Monroe Railroad
Company and their sureties, upon which a separate
vote had been asked by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Letcher,] to be engrossed and read
a third time.
The question being put 
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I ask for a division
upon the question. I understand this is a bill to
remit the duties upon railroad iron for this Mon-
roe Railroad Company.
Several Members. No, no.
Mr. STANTON. I understand it relates to a
certain judgment which had been rendered against
that company.
Mr. MEAPE. So it does.
Mr. STANTON. I understand, further, that
it proposes to remit that judgment.
[Cries of '■ Read the bill!"]
Mr. ORR. I object to the reading of the bill-
It has already been read twice,
j Mr. STANTON. Then I call the yeas and
■ nays upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and
; read a third time.
: The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
■ that the gentleman has the right to demand that
| the bill shall be read.
1 The bill was then again read through by the
Clerk.
; Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. Where does that
i railroad lie?
