1828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
and that, too, in a year when the Island produced
mo?e than enough for the people of that ill-fated
country.
Mr. JOHNSON"-, of Georgia. I am opposed
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Minnesota, [Mr, Sibley.] l"am opposed to it
because it involves a wrong principle. We are
appealed to here, as,a Government, to extend our
hand for the purpose of protecting these Indians
from starvation on the ground of humanity. Hu-
manity is the. cry. Why, sir, are not we ap-
pealed to as a Government by the people of .this
District to support the poor of "this District? Why
do we not appropriate sums of 'money for the
support of the poor in .all-our territories^ of our
race," our own kindred, and our own people?
Humanity would require this. - This principle_of
humanity is far too cheap. .When Kossuth ar-
rived upon our shores, the principle of humanity
required that we should declare ourselves in favor
of the principle of intervention in the affairs of
' Europe, and to protect and regulate her affairs.
Now we are appealed to to make an appropria-
tion to prevent the Indians from starving:, and
every person in distress must be recognized by
this Government; everybody must be encouraged
to look to the Government for provision and pro-
tection. Labor they may throw aside, may wan-
der and roam through the woods, and refuse to
work at all, and thereby be reduced to a state of
starvation, and humanity and hospitality require
that we should appropriate the funds of our own
people to protect them !
I say, sir, it is wrong in principle*. This Gov-
ernment has not the power and the resources to
protect mankind from misery and from starvation,
if they do not protect themselves by labor. Let
them labor—let them till the earth. If they do
not they will suffer, it is not our business, and
humanity does not require that we should inter-
fere for the purpose of regulating the affairs of
Europe, or for the purpose of protecting these In-
dian tribes.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Dukkrs to the amendment,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GIDDIiN'GS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting $54,000 in the place of $50,000.
I move an amendment, sir, simply for the pur-
pose of expressing the feelings which [ entertain
upon this subject. I know there is no opportu-
nity now, in a five minutes speech, of explaining
in regard to the system of our intercourse with
these savage tribes. I expressed the hope, a few
days since, that the Committee on Indian Affairs
would take this whole system into consideration
and change.it;and that instead of appropriating our
funds now to send troops to maintain our army,
and to furnish arms and munitions to butcher these
poor savages, we should send them food, which
is afar more efficient and powerful defense to our j
frontier, than all the arms we can raise. As a 1
matter of policy, I say let us feed those who are I
starving. As was well alluded to by the gentle- \
man opposite me, [Mr. Durkf.k,] it is a duty due 1
from us to those whose lands we inhabit, and !
whom we have driven from their soil. If there is ■
anything due from one people to another upon the \
face of the earth, it is due from this nation to the ;
savage tribes upon our western frontiers. j
Sir, I was a little astonished to hear the gentle- j
man here [Mr. Johnson, of Georgia] deny that :
this was a matter of humanity, and over which
we have no control. A few days since we could
vote to pay §33,000 a trip to splendid steamships,
for show, for glory, and for the purposes of com-
merce—and in the course of one year, we can }
spend a million of dollars in that way—but now I
when it is proposed to expend $50,&00 for the !
purposes of humanity, gentlemen shudder and re- I
volt at it. Now, I beg gentlemen here, if there I
are any such principles and feelings as humanity, ]
and propriety, instead of bestowing the wealth of >
this nation upon these corporations, upon men of j
wealth, upon millionaires, and ten or fifteen mil- ,
lions annually upon your Army and Navy—in the ,
name of Heaven, let us feed our enemies and make ;
them our best friends. .My heart responded to |
every sentiment which fell from the hps of the ;
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Sibley,] and I '
know the feelings of the gentleman from Arkan- |
sas, [Mr. Joh.vson.] He is rightabout this mat- }
ter, but I would extend it so as to induce the be- !
lief to which he alludes. Put it under th^eontrol |
of proper agents, and there is no difficulty or dan-
ger of that.
Mr. Cnairman I have no more-to say at this
time. I ought not to have spoken at all, on ac-
count of the condition of my throat, but 1 merely
rose to. say a word in behalf of these poor In-
dians.
Mr. DUNHAM. "Mr. Chairman, 1 know that
upon all occasions where appeals are made to hu-
manity, we are very apt to be carried away;. but
it-strikes me that the principles of .true humanity
require that 'we-should pursue i^differeht course
from that proposed by this amendment. We mu$t-
adopt one of two lines of policy towards -the In-
dian tribes upon our frontiers: We, must either
"civilize them, or they must be exterminated. The
idea of .keeping up the present relations in our
different States arid-Territories is preposterous.
What, then, is to be the-effect of this amendment ?
It is twoiold. If you introduce this system, by
appropriating this $50,000, you will be obliged to
do it again and again, until you will have to open
the public Treasury to all the Indians of "the
country. - It must result in this. Here it is now
in Minnesota^ perhaps; next, it will be in Arkan-
sas; next, in the Territory beyond.; and'so it will
go on until the Indians of all your Territories will
come upon the public Treasury for support. If
you put them upon the Treasury for support, you
take from them the inducement to transfer their
lands to the Government for the purpose of settle-
ment. - One of th'e great objects now accomplished
by the Indians, in making their treaties with the
Government for transferring^their lands to the
Government, is, that they may have permanent
means of support from the Government by receiv-
ing pay for their lands. If you adopt the practice
which is to be established by this amendment, you
take away all that object. And again, I ask, what
inducement there will be for the Indian tribes to
becbme civilized if you pursue this policy of sup-
porting-them in.this manner? I confess I do-not
see any charity in this Government in supporting
a single Indian by way of an annuity upon the
public Treasury.
I say this is a most ruinous policy to the Indians
themselves'. We must either pension them upon
the Treasury of the Government, and give them
enough to support themselves entirely, or else we
must withhold all support and compel them to
become civilized, and to adopt industrial pursuits
for their' own sustenance. I submit to the com-
mittee whether this must not be the case? If you
give the $50,000 asked for this Territory, I will
inquire whether you do not thereby takeaway the
stimulants to their either conveying the territory
to the General Government, or becoming civilized
and supporting themselves by their own' labor
upon their own soil. I submit to the committee
that it becomes tl'iem to weigh well, before they
adopt thi% principle of gratuities to the various
Indian tribes. 1 tell you, if you adopt this prin-
ciple, by adopting the amendment, you will never
see the end of it; but it will go on increasing and
increasing until every Indian from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific ocean, shall be put upon the
public Treasury for support, to be kept, as the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] said, in a
sort of half state of starvation, with just enough
to live upon> in addition with what you give them,
what they may steal and plunder from your own
citizens.
Mt". DURKEE*. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman the question, whether Congress have not
provided for the poor of this District; and whether,
if that be so, we sHould not as well provide- for
the wants of suffering Indians as for the poor in
this place?
Mr. DUNHAM. There is a very great differ-
ence in the policy. The poor of this District, if
they are supported out of the public Treasury—
and it may be a question whether they should or'
should not be thus suppoited—are civilized men
who have been overtaken and reduced by misfor-
tune, and therefore we are bound to support them,
as a portion of the community. There is nothing
to he gained hy throwing them back upon their
own resources as will be in ffie case of the In-
dians.
Mr. GIDDINGS. With the consent of the
committee, I will now withdraw the amendment
proposed by me., I
There was no objection, and the-amendment!
was \yithd?awn. I
Mr. VENABLE moved to increase the amount
to $56,000. ; - #
Mr. Chairman, we have been admonished that
enough has been said about the claims of human-
ity, in relation to this band of starving Indians. I
hope that I shall never be unwilling to hear those
claims as long as they are unsatisfied. , As long-
as I am" a member of this House,,the claims of
the widow, the orphan, or the wronged and suffer-
ing Indian, shall never be passed by without an
effort on my part to satisfy them. I mean to do
my duty, and to be found ready to acknowledge
those obligations which originate in my relations
to suffering humanity. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Dunham] presented one of the coolest
propositions to which I have ever listened—that
the Indian race must be either civilized or exter-
minated. Who authorized us to go on a crusade
to press civilization by force upon a race of our
fellow-men, or to destroy them in one general
massacre ? Who commissioned us, as a Christian
people, to destroy a whole race of men, whose
offense is, that they decline to adopt our institu-
tions, and refuse to surrender their lands? For
the gentleman from Indiana declares that, should
this amendment pass, the inducement for the In-
dians to sell the lands will be removed—a policy
which presses the sword as the first argument;
and, when that fails, the horrors of starvation
brought on by our own cupidity. We have inva-
ded their territory, destroyed their game,despoiled
them of their lands by the mockery of treaties
wrested by force", and now, when a perishing,
broken-down band of savages, reduced to extremi-
ties, is presented to us for our favorable considera-
tion, we are told that sound policy dictates that
we turn a deaf ear to their complaints. A people
reduced to poverty by our policy lift up their
hands to us for bread; a poor band of Indians,
the victims of hunger, that direst plague which
waylays and besets the path of man, cry to us for
food in their extremities. In reply, gentlemen
cipher and calculate. With such ciphering and
calculation I have no sympathy. I mean to wash
my hands.-of any share in the responsibility in
such a system. The starving Irish were heard over
the ocean—their cries reached us; the victims of
an earthquake in Central America jhave received
bread at our hands; but the owners of this broad
land, who have been driven from their homes, the
graves of their ancestors, and all that was dear to
them, may perish, and we look to that event as
one of the alternatives of the policy of civilization
or extermination. I do not wonder that civiliza-
tion is declined by them, when all that they know
of it is derived from the policy pursued by this
Republic towards them and their red brethren.
We can pour "out millions upon the Collins steam
lines and rich corporations. The Treasury can
be depleted at every call of dictatorial wealth, but
the faint cry of the perishing, plundered savage is
drowned in the clamors which are always heard
around this Hall, raised in behalf of the demands
of rich cupidity. Sir, God punishes crimes in
that state of society in which they do the greatest
mischief; He therefore leaves to Governments and
nations to be his ministers in punishing crimes
which war against social organization, reserving
to himself the regulation of that punishment here-
after. But, as nations do not exist hereafter, his-
tory teaches us that they are the subjects of chas-
tisement here. Amnion and Moab, Edom and
Amalek, have been swept away in His wrath;
other nations have experienced the same fate, and
the agitations of the civilized world indicate the
progress of similar dealings on the part of Heaven.
1 desire, if possible,' to avoid the cup of wrath
which I fear is in store for us as a people, for the
wrongs inflicted- on this unhappy race. I do not
blame them for declining civilization at the hands
of their enemies and oppressors. I have never
been surprised that the persecuted Aztec of ?*dex-
ico, about to be executed, when the priest pro-
posed to Christianize him in order that he might
go to heaven, asked, " Are there any Spaniards
there?" " Being told that there were, declared that
he did not wish to go to such a place. Sir, the
civilization which leaves the perishing Indian to
die, and withholds bread, deserves to be rejected
by them. I shall vote for bread for these Indians.
I feel in doing so that 1 have done my duty.
Mr. DUNHAM. I' wish - to make a single re-
mark, as the gentleman from North Carolina has
placed my argument in a false light, unintentien-
