1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not bound to
know where the railroad lies.
Mr. CLINGMAN. ft is in Georgia.
Mr - MEADE. If it is the desire of the House,
I will give a short statement in relation to the bill.
Several Members. Let us hear it.
Mr. MEADE. That bill makes provision for
the relief of the sureties of the Monroe Railroad
Company upon the same terms, for the same rea-
sons, that similar relief was granted to the St.
Louis Railroad, and other companies, under the
same circumstances. Under the tariff law of 1832,
railroad companies were allowed to import their
iron free of duty, provided the iron waslaid down
within three years after its importation; but in
the non-compliance of that condition, the roads
were itquired to enter into bond and security to
pay the duties, which were always released if they
complied with the condition. Therailroad iron, to
which this bill refers, was imported in the year
1841, about twelve months previous to the passage
of the tariff of 1842, which raised the duties on iron
thirty per cent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It raised the duty to twen-
ty-five dollars per ton.
Mr. MEADE. I think that act provided for
ail ad valorem, duty upon iron. But that makes no
difference. In that law of 1842, there is a provis-
ion which requires railroads to lay down that iron
before the 3d of March, 1843. That provision,
however, conflicts with the provisions in the laws
existing before that time, which gave three years
after the time of importation to lay down the iron.
There was a provision in the law of 1842, which
reserved to railroad companies all the benefits con-
ferred upon them by previous laws; but, as the
report in this case states, there was such a per-
plexity and obscurity of language employed as
made it not so clear as it might be.
The consequence was, the bonds given by the
Monroe Railroad Company, in 1841, were put in
suit, and a judgment was obtained against the
company, because the rails were not laid previous
to the 3d of March, 1843. The company import-
ed their iron in 1841, and, according to the pro-
visions of the then existing laws, they were
allowed three years to lay the rails; upon comply-
ing with which condition the duties were to be
remitted. But, according to the law of 1842, by
this judgment they were doomed to pay the duties,
notwiths';■; '1 i pthe law existing previously to the
contrary. W ell, in consequence of this incongru-
ity in the laws, the Central Railroad Company in
Georgia, and a railroad near New Orleans—I do
not now recollect the name—petitioned Congress
to be relieved from a strict construction of the !
law of 1842, representing that the rails had been j
laid within the time specified by the laws exist-
ing when the iron was imported. Well, such was '
the case with this company. The iron was im- i
ported in 1841, and the rails were laid before three
yeais from that time had expired; though not till 1
after the 3d of March, J84.'!. These sureties were ,
sued, because the Monroe Railroad Company had
failed, and. in fact, had dissolved. A judgment was J
obtained against them, and they now come forward i
and ask the indulgence of this body, to put them '
upon the same footing as other sureties for rail- ;
roads were by the previous adjudication of this \
House in the form of special legislation. It is a
case, simply, for which relief is sought against j
the apparent inconsistency of two laws passed by ;
Congress, one conferring a right, and the other :
taking it away. j
Mr. LETCHER. I should be glad to know !
of my colleague at what time this judgment was 1
recovered.
Mr. MEADE. I am not quite certain whether i
the judgment is recorded, but you will find by the \
conespundcnce filed among the papers connected ;
with this case, that a petition was presented to the ,
Department to suspend the suit until Congress had I
had. an opportunity to act in relation to the case. !
The district court were willing, and the district j
attorney did not object, so I presume the case has ,
not been prosecuted to a final judgment until very j
recently. This case has been before Congress, j
but not n"ted upon, for several years. But owing
to the delay in Congress to act upon it, the case ;
has been pressed, and I presume before this time i
a judgment has been recovered.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move that the House do :
now adjourn. I wish to examine this case farther i
before I vote upon it. i
Mr. ORR. I rise to a motion which takes pre-
cedence. 1 move that when the House adjourns it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. STANLY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
| The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
! tion being taken, there were—yeas 61, nays 55,
j as follows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, William Appleton, Ashe,
i Averett, Bocock, Breckinridge, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,
j Buell, Busby, E. Carrmgton Cabell, Thompson Campbell,
I Chapman, George T. Davis, Edgerton, Ewing, Freeman,
j Henry M. Fuller, Gaylord, Goodrich, Hammond, Isham G.
Harris, S. W. Haras, Hart, Haws, Henn,Hibbard,Hi)lyer,
j Holladay, lngersoll, John Johnson, Geurge G. King, Pres-
I ton King, Landry, McMulhn, Meade, Mitlson, Nabers,
1 Newton, Orr, S. W. Parker, Phelps, Jtussell, Savage,
! Schernierhorri, Schoolcraft, Scurry, Ongen S. Seymour,
Smart, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton,
Abr'm I\ Stevens, Stuart, Sutherland, Swectsor, Wallace,
, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, and Woodward—61.
| NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Brentori, Bnggs, Joseph Cable,
I Caskie, Chandler, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Daniel, John G.
1 Davis, Dean, Doty, Dunham, Evans, Pitch, Fowler, Good-
i enow, Glow, Harper, Haven, Hendricks, Horsford, Hous-
ton, Howard, John W. Howe,Thumas M. Howe, Jackson,
Andrew J ohnson, George W.J ones, Kuhns, Letcher, Lock-
hart, Humphrey Marshall, Martin, Mason, Meacham,
Miller, Molony, Morehead, Murray, Peaslee, Pennunan,
Perkins, Riddle, Itobbms, Scuddcr, Stanly, Stratton, Tay-
lor, Walbridge, Watkms, Welch, Wells, and Alexander
White—55.
Before the result was declared—
Mr. HALL said; I was not in when the vote
was taken, but as I understand no quorum has
voted, I desire to vote in order to make a quorum.
Objection being made, Mr. Hall was not per-
mitted to record his vote.
Mr. JONES, of Tennesse, said: I believe it is
not in order for members, alluding to those around
the Clerk's desk, to be about the table when the
yeas and nays are being taken, and I believe it is
not in order to send messengers out of the House
to bring in members to vote. [Laughter.]
Mr. ORR. I desire to suggest that as there is
one lacking to make a quorum, the Speaker would 1
make a quorum.
The SPEAKER. The presence of the Chair ]
would make a quorum in the House, but there is '
no rule requiring the Speaker to vote, except upon '
a tie; but the right of the Chair to vote is clear
! enough. The Chair votes in the negative,
j Mr. STANLY. I rise to a point of order. I
i do not wish to run counter to the decision of the
House, but I want to give notice of a resolution 1
j intend to offer on Monday. I will have it put m
i the papers for the information of the House,
i Upon the question of adjournment, I will make 1
the point, though I will not insist upon it, can the
Chair vote after the result is announced? The1
I Chair announced the result before it was said that 1
; the Chair could vote. I do not object to the result.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not yet an-
' nounced the result.
; Mr. STANLY. I beg pardon of the Chair; >
\ but the Chair announced—ayes 61, nays 55.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will recollect
that th6 Chair did announce the number of votes :
given, but he did not declare the result; and he
also stated, at the same time, that there was want-
ing one to make a quorum, and the question arose
■ in his mmd whether or not it was his duty to
vote to make a quorum. o
Mr. STANLY. I beg paidon; but I certainly
understood the Chair to announce the result. 1
| The SPEAKER. The Chair did announce the
result thus far.
Mr. STANLY. I do not insist upon my point. :
i The SPEAKER. The Chair announces the ■
j result to he—yeas 61, nays 56; the yeas have it, t
'and the House has determined that when it ad- !
journs it adjourn to meet again on Monday next.
Mr. FREEMAN. I simply desire to say that 1
in the published remarks of my colleague from the .1
fourth district [Mr. Broivs] there are a few errors ■
: which I desire to correct, by sending the correc- i
! tions to the reporter, if there"is 110 objection.
I [Cries of " Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
Mr. FREEMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn. _
Mr. MEADE. I call for the yeas and nays i
upon that, as I want the Monroe bill put through.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The "House then adjourned to meet again on ,
Monday next. ;
; PETmONS. ke. ;
The following petitions, memorials, &.C., weie presented .
I under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees. >
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Massachusetts: The petition of
St. S. Richardson, of Winchester, Massachusetts, for abol-
ishing the duty on raw silk.
By Mr. McDONALD: The petition of-Allison B. Huff,
of Maine, asking for bounty ou Schooner" Stoic," lost at
sea,
By Mr. SUTHERLAND : The memorial of Grinnell
Mmturn and 2,000 others, eitizens of New York, praying
Congress to grant additional aid to,the Collins line of
steamers.
IN SENATE. ' .
Thursday, March 4, 1852.
[The following proceedings were accidentally omitted to
be inserted in their proper place.]
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before theSen-
ate a resolution of the Legislature of Pennsylva-
nia, remonstrating against the proposed removal
of the United States Mint from Philadelphia to
New York', which, on the motion of Mr.BROD-
head, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a representation of
the Grand Jury of Washington county, District of
; Columbia, respecting the City Hall, and the want
|j of proper accommodations for the Circuit and
11 Criminal Courts; which was referred to the Corn-
l| mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition of certain mer-
jj chants of San Antonio, Texas, praying that that
j] place maybe made a port of entry and debenture,
,! and that goods entered there upon which the duties
; have been paid or secured may be exported into
I Mexico with the privilege of drawback; also,
I praying an appropriation for a national road from
| San Antonio to El Paso; which was referred to
I the Committee on Military Affairs.
! Also, the petition of citizens of San Antonio,
| Texas, praying the improvement of the San An-
j tonio river; which was referred to the Committee
j on Military Affairs.
i Also, the petition of Simeon C. Watson, praying
j additional compensation for carrying the mail be-
i tween San Augustine and Marshall, in Texas;
I which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GW1N presented resolutions adopted by
1 tlie settlers' and miners' State convention, held at
Sacramento City, California, in January, 1852,
j urging the immediate construction of a railroad
1 from the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific;
i which were referred to the Committee on Roads
1 and Canals.
I Also, the memorial of John Plumb, on behalf
! of the settlers and miners of the city and county
of Sacramento, California, remonstrating against
| the adoption of Mr. Asa Whitney's scheme for
I the construction of a railroad to the Pacific; which
| was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
I and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of a committee in behalf of
the California settlers'and miners'State conven-
tion, asking the enactment of such laws in refer-
ence to the public domain in California as will best
secure to each settler thereon a reasonable portion
thereof; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of George R. Goldsborough,
praying for the difference of pay between that of
Captain 's clerk and a Chaplain in the Navy during
the time he performed the duties of Chaplain on
: board of the United States ship Plymouth; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. I present the petition of Seth
Bannister and several other citizens of Massachu-
setts, praying that there may be grants of public
land made to them respecti-i ely for services ren-
dered to the United States in the revolutionary
war, and to the widows am] children of deceased
officers and soldiers who served m the same war;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, the petition of Charles Fletcher, praying
the right of way and a donation of land to the
Nebraska Railroad Association, for the con-
struction of a railroad from Fort Leavenworth to
Fort Kearney; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
sixteen deputy marshals for taking the Seventh
Census in Kennebunk county, Maine, asking
additional compensation; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CHASE oresented a document in favor of
