1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
authorities; and such other information 'that will serve
to illustrate the existingrelations between the United States j
and Japan. J
COMPENDIUM OF THE CENSUSES. !
The resolution concerning the publication of a ;
compendium of the several censuses of the United j
States was read a second time, and considered as j
in Committee of the Whole; and, on motion by
Mr. Seward, the further consideration thereof
was postponed until to-morrow.
ADDITIONAL COMMITTEE CLERK.
_ Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration; which was read:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be au-
thorized to employ a clerk during the remainder of the
present session, at the usual rate of compensation.
Mr. SHIELDS. If there is no objection, I
would like to have that resolution considered at
this time. I have Abstained from making this re-
quest of the Senate a1? long as I could; but there
are two committees of which I have the honor to
be chairman—the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Committee for the District of Columbia—
and I find that we have got into soi$g matter
which requires an immense amount of"copying,
and 1 find it impossible for me to perform that duty
and at the same time attend to other duties imposed
upon me. We merely wish to employ a clerk
so long as the present pressure lasts. I" regret to
make this application, for I would rather perform
these duties myself, if I could, but it is impossi-
ble for me to do so; and, in justice to myself and
the other duties I have to perform, it is necessary
that the committee should have this assistance.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTRACTS WITH MAIL STEAM-SHIPS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, which was submitted by Mr. Clem-
ens* on the 7th of February last:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy and Postmaster
General be requested to furnish Congress with copies of ai*
contracts originally made and at present existing for the
transportation of the mails between New York and Cali-
fornia by steam-ships on the Atlantic and Pacific oceans,
and all information they possess in regard thereto; what
amount has been paid, and to whom; what amount is now
paid, and to whom, tor the transit of the mails across the
Iahmus of Panama, m conncction with said steam-ship ser-
vice ; the gross amount of money that has been paid under
each service ; when such contracts commenced; in what ;
sums and at what periods of time paid, and to whom each I
payment has been made: whether at such periods as ex ;
pressed under the term* of said contiact* or otheiwise ; the i
amount of service lendered, and by what vessels; how j
often they amve and depart; what time has been and is >
now occupied in the carnage of the mails between said !
ports; whether all the vessels stipulated under said con-
tracts to be built have been so built, or what portion of them; !
whether, if two or three of the fi\e ships contracted to be !
built under said contracts were not «o built, but other ves- I
sels engaged in independent lines united with the vessels of f
the Government contractors, thus forming one line; each of
the parties, however, owning theirown vessels, and in that
manner answering the terms of the contracts to build said
five ships ? Whether other facilities exist for pei forming
the same or a similar service, and if other propositions have
been made, and upon what terms, to perform said service,
and within what periods of time ?
Mr. CLEMENS moved to amend by the adop-
tion of the following:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
communicate also the amount leceived fiom postages by
said line of steamers.
The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
tions as amended were adopted.
PASSENGERS IN MERCHANT VESSELS. j
The engrossed bill entitled " An act to amend
an act entitled 4 An act to regulate the carriage of j
passengers in merchant vessels,'approved Febru- '
ary 22, 1847; and also to amend an act entitled ,
( A n at t to provide for the ventilation of passenger '
vessels,'" approved March 17, 1848, was read a
third time and passed.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of!
the bill granting the light of way and making a'
grant of land to the State of Iowa in aid of the :
construction of certain railroads in that State. ,
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, resumed and concluded !
the speech which he commenced yesterday, in
favor of the bill. {
[A report of the speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD obtained the floor to re-
ply, and, on his motion,
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, *ftpril 5, 1859.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Secretary of the Interior, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
22d ultimo, calling for information in relation to
an amount di^e the St. Regis Indians, and upon
the expediency of an appropriation to pay the sum
so due, if any; which shows that the sum of $4,000
is owing them by virtue of the treaty made with
the New York Indians by Ransom H. Gillett,
commissioner. The report was read, and ordered
to be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of Wisconsin, m
relation to the improvement of the Sault Ste. Marie;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, a petition of citizens of Iowa and Lafay-
ette counties, Wisconsin, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Mineral Point to Shells-
burg; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Edwin
Lord and Francis Bacon, praying to be released
from judgments obtained in favor of the United
States on bonds given for duties on goods import-
ed prior to 1839; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Also, the petition of the heirs-at-law of William
Beaumont, praying to be allowed depreciation on
commutation certificates,issued to said Beaumont
for revolutionary services; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DAVIS presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Massachusetts, in favor of an appro-
priation for the preservation of the harbor of Cape
Cod; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a memo-
rial of one hundred and thirty ladies of Memphis,
Tennessee, praying a grant to the corporate au-
thorities of Memphis of the United States arsenal
and grounds at that place, to be used as an asy-
lum for destitute widows and orphans; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WELLER presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California, in favor of an appropri-
ation for the purpose of turning San Diego river
1 into False bay; which was ordered to be laid on
i the table, and printed.
j Mr. MALLORY presented a memorial of
1 Walker Anderson, late a member of the Legisla-
' tureofFlonda,and nowchiefjustice ofthatState, in
i relation to the election of the Hon. S. II. Mailory
: as a Senator from that State; which was referred
; to the select committee appointed on the subject,
i Also, a petition of citizens of Florida, praying
: that other lands may be granted in lieu of six-
teenth sections covered by Spanish grants, or such
as may be valueless; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented resolutions adopted
' at a meeting of citizens of Upper Alton, Illinois,
i pmylns that provision may be made by law for
! the establishment of a territorial government in
! Nebraska; which were referred to the Committee
1 on the Territories.
Also, a resolution of the Legislative Council of
| the Territory of New Mexico, in favor of the res-
' ervation of Umber and salt lakes, springs, or mines,
| for the common use ot the people; which was re-
| ferred to the Committee on the Territories, and
' ordered to be printed. ,
! Mr. DAVIS. I am requested to present to the
| Senate the petition of Robert G. Shaw and a larse Jj
j number of other persons, who are ship-owners in <j
! the city of Boston. They adopt as their own i
j sentiments a memorial which I hold in my hand, j
! m print, which was signed by ship-owners in New >
| York. They state substantially that they deem :
i it to be very erroneous policy in the United States !
! to pursue any further the granting ot special ;
and privileges to lines of mail steamers. They ,
i consider that these steamers are substantially ,
steamers belonging to the Government—Govern-
ment having a right in them, and having contrib-
|; uted largely to the support of these lines. They
represent, further, that by that operation the Gov-
ernment, as a carrier of freight and passengers, is
brought into direct competition with individual
enterprise, and under circumstances which they
represent to be very discouraging to individuals,
and fatal in regard to any- attempts made by them
to contend against it. They go on to say that>so
far as regards these lines, they ask for nothing
inconsistent with the dutjr of the Government, but
hope the Government will bring the policy to" an
end as soon as may be, and disconnect herself
from any further grants for mail steamers. I
move that the memorial and the accompanying
documents be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of citizens
of Franklin county and its vicinity, Florida, pray-
ing that other lands may be granted in lieu of six-
teenth sections covered by Spanish grants, or such
as may be valueless; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PRATT submitted additional documents
in relation to the claim of Lucie A. Garner; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FELCB presented documents in relation
to the claim of Sylvanus Culver, heir of Samuel
Pearson, to a patent for land for which a warrant
was issued to said Pearson, and lost or mislaid,
but never patented; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred the me-
morial of the heirs of Benjamin Mooers, late a
lieutenant in Colonel Hazen's regiment of the
revolutionary army, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for their relief; which was read
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of the heirs of Benja-
min Ellis, praying payment for money loaned
during the Revolution; and the memorial of Caleb
Dustin, praying compensation for depreciation of
continental money, submitted adverse reports
thereon.
Mr. FELCH,from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of
Henry M. Rice, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof; which was agreed
to.
A motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, that the
above petition be printed, was referred to the Com-
i mittee on Printing.
j Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
I Land Claims, to which was referred a bill for the
j relief of James Jones, reported it without amend-
; ment; and on his motion the Senate proceeded, as
1 in Committee of the Whole, to its consideration.
I No amendment being offered, it was reported to
| the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
: reading.
| PENSION TOR DAVID LINN.
1 Mr. BRADBURY submitted the following res-
i olution; which was agreed to:
j Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
' to inquire into the expediency of granting arrears of pension
| to David Linn, late a soldier in Captain Hawkins's com-
! pany of the fourth regiment of United Slates infantry.
j NEW MAIL ROUTE.
! " Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
j olution; which was agreed to:
i Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
' Post Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a
! mail route from De-s Aic, on White river, to Searcy, in
, White count}, in the State of Arkansas.
j light-HOUSES ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
iI Mr. WELLER submitted the following resolu-
ii tion: which was agreed to:
\\ Rc-olrcd. That the Secretary of the Tica-ury be directed
;! to inform the Senate :
'I Kt. Whether anv contracts have been made under the
appropriation made'at the last Congress, lor the construction
oi light-houses on the Pacific coa^t.
•2d If contracts have been made, to t) ansnntcopies thereof
to the Senate. .
3d. What prngicss {if any) has been made in the con-
stiuction of^aid light houses.
JUDICIAL SALARY IN VERMONT.
Mr. UPHAM submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
| Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to
