1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
what the executive department recommended as
any one committee of this House. That is the
point I make. I have, as a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, refused to receive
a communication from an executive department
recommending appropriations to be made, unless
that executive officer would also send a similar
copy of the same communication to the House
of which I was a member, or to the Senate. I
desire that this infoimation should go to you, Mr.
Chairman, and to every member of this House,
and not merely that there should be bestowed
upon a few persons constituting a standing com-
mittee of this House, information appertaining to
the finances of this Government, which will come
before this House as the representatives of the I
people, and to be doled out to us by that committee.
That is the point which I make; and had this
communication from the Secietary of the Interior
been sent directly to this House, I would not have
objected to the Committee on Indian Affairs taking
charge of it. I would not have interfered. But
we would have had this information printed, and
each member of this committee and of the House
could have examined it for himself, and have sat-
isfied himself as to the justness of the claim. I
speak in this matter from the experience I have
had since 1 have been a member of this House. I
recollect well when the Committee of Ways and
Means came in here with their amendments to the
general appropriation bills, and when nobody but
the members of that committee knew anything of
the necessity of making the appropriations which
they proposed in their amendments. When those
amendments were proposed, it would be stated
that the Secretary of State, or the Secretary of
War, or the Secretary of the Treasury, said the
appropriation was necessary, and the House
fairly had to take them upon trust, without exam-
ination. That is the point 1 wish to present. I
cast no censure upon the gentlemanfrom Arkan-
sas, nor upon any gentleman in this committee.
What I want is, that these communications shall
come into the House through the proper channel.
I meant that they should come directly to the
House, and be presented through the Speaker of
the House. Let them be printed, and let them go
through the public papers, so that the people of
the country may know what the Departments have
recommended, and what they have not. The
remarks which I saw fit to make in relation to
this amendment arose from the fact that this in-
formation had not come in a mannerby which the
members of this House could obtain it. By the
specified rules which govern this body, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are to report your
general appropriation bills and the Indian bill as
one of them. Then, sir, it maybe construed into
a censure upon the Committee of Ways and
Means, because they have not examined the esti-
mates upon which the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs ask for these appropriations when they have
no more information upon the subject than one of
the Indians themselves, living upon the broadand
extensive prairies west of our frontiers. They
have never seen anything of it.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Johnson] whether a single public document has
been printed at this session of Congress which
gives any explanation whatever in relation to the
appropriation which he now asks?
Mr. JOHNSON. That shows how much my
honorable friend knows about this business. Here
is a letter, dated 14th of July 
Mr. PHELPS. Has this been presented to the
House?
Mr. JOHNSON. It has; and read.
Mr. PHELPS. Has it been printed?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly not.
Mr. PHELPS. Then it is not a communica-
tion addressed to the House. It is not addressed
to the Speaker of the House. So no information
has been presented to the House at all, in relation
to this matter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise m opposi-
tion to the amendment. Thegentleman wants this
information to go to the Committee of Ways and
Means. You cannot take cognizance of anything
unless first inspected by this Committee of Ways
and Means. This House would be in a beautiful
condition.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to say one word in relation to this matter.
Mi. PHELPS. 1 did not say it should go to the
Ways and Means. I say each member of this
House is entitled to the same information as any
member of any committee. I do not ask that it
should go to their committee or my committee.
But why should it be sent there?
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know what
makes their committee any more creditable or any
more honorable than mine, before the House?
A Member, Oh, they are all honorable.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will ask the gentleman from
Arkansas, as the gentleman from Missouri seems
to cast censure upon the executive officers of the
Government to whom Ihese letters were addressed?
I ask merely for the purpose of information.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will tell the gentleman.
Here is a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
addressed to myself, as chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. TAYLOR. I think this is very proper in-
formation, very properly called for by the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly. Here it is in the
accomplished manner in which the Secretary of
the Interior presents official information connected
with this matter. It is transmitted for the consid-
ation of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
But there is another little matter to which I wish
to allude. The honorable gentleman from Mis-
souri says, if I understood lutu aright, that within
his recollection, the time was when the Committee
of Ways and Means reported the whole of the
appropriation bills, and that nobody knewanytlung
about them, or their amendments, but that com-
mittee.
Mr. PHELPS. I did not say that. I said
Mr. JOHNSON. Oil! the gentleman now says
he did not say it. That is well. Butlwasgoing
to remark, what a beautifully blindfold condition
these two hundred and odd sensible men, who
know nothing about this business, must have been
in. Nobody could know anything about it but
the Committee of Ways and Means. Sir, we
have a full right to any information we can get.
This information comes through the proper chan-
' nel now, and we have a full right to it; and we
can satisfy ourselves whether the appropriation
is a just one. We have every evidence here of
truth that can be given under official oath, or that
can be given under a high personal individual
honor. That is here, and what does it speak of?
It speaks of a duty to a race of people, humble
and beneath us, whom youarenot obliged to pay.
To him to whom it may be a consolation to say,
" we will not pay where we can help it," I would
respond, " that we are not obliged to pay." All
{ we have to do is to say, " Shut the doors of your
| Treasury against the just demands of these Iridi-
i ans, and they cannot help themselves." If the
; gentleman says we will not pay it, becausc these
i communications did not come through the proper
| channel, I will say that that consideration does
i not affect me. Thatof which he speaks has never
] been the channel for such communications. There
[ was no time for these communications to be printed.
I There was no time for the Committee of Ways
: and Means to act upon these estimates, because
! they were not received until that committee had
' voted upon their estimates, and reported the bill,
i These communications from the Departments will
always continue to come to the .committee which
has, expressly, the charge of the subject-matter
involved. This claim is due, and this House has
to pay it. It will be paid by them some time. It
is provided for bytieaty,and you will be com-
pelled to pay, should you let it run on interest for
five hundred years, if the public records can be
preserved.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I will ask the gentleman
to indulge me a moment. Do I understand that
this money was paid over to an agent employed
by the Government?
Mr. JOHNSON. It was.
Mr. MOREHEAD. Was that gentleman an
agent both of the Indians and of the Government?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir. He was the regu-
lar disbursing agent, and an officer of the Army.
It was Captain K. D. C. Collins. I knew him well
in my lifetime, [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. How long have you been
dead ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I have been dead ever since
I came in contact with the Committee of W ays and
Me'ans. [Laughtet.]
Mr. PHELPS. If the committee will permit
me, I will withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
The question recurring upon the original amend1-,
ment offered by Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, it,
was put, and the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I move to anis^d
the amendment, by reducing the appropriation
to $50.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated to the
House that the origjnal amendment offered by the
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] was
agreed to. -
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood, if the Chair
please, that the vote taken was upon an samend-
ment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. TAYLOR. I do not understand whether
the amendment of the gentleman from Arkansas
was adopted or not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will again
state, that he announced to the House that the
amendment to the amendment, offered'by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] was with-
drawn, and that the question recurred upon the
original amendment, as offered by the gentleman
from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.] The Chair put
that question to tiie House, and it was decided in
the affirmative, and the amendment.was agreed to.
The decision having been made, there is nothing
now pending before the House except"the bill.
Mr. FITCH. I have another amendment to
offer to this Chickasaw section of the bill, to which
1 am sure there will be no ohjectjon. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Indian Affairs to
offer it. As the papers are elaborate, I will give
a statement of it as briefly as possible.
The amendment is this. Add to the clause—
For the payment of $2,842 36 to Hiram U. 1'itohlyn, m
his own right, and as the sole heir-at-law and legal repre-
sentative of his brothet, John Pitchlyn, deceased; that be-
ing the amount of the proceeds of the sales of two quaiter
sections of land granted to, and located in the names <jf, ihe
said Hiiam II. I'ltchlyn and John PiK'ltlyn, under and by
virtue of the eighth article of the treaty with the Chickasaw
Indian*, made atthe city of Washington, on the 24th day of
May, m Ihe year 18o4, and which quarter sections of land
were sold, and the proceeds thereof invested in the stock of
the State of Arkansas, in pursuance oftlie provisions ofthe
article aforesaid.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair if that
amendment is in order? From the reading of it,
it seems to me to be an amendment to bring in the
private claim of an individual Indian. I present
the point of order to the Chair.
Mr. FITCH. I would like the gentleman to be
a little less captious in his exceptions. It is a
treaty stipulation I desire to have fulfilled, al-
though it happens to relate to one individual. I
do not see the propriety of the point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
the amendment is in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is in order.
Mr. FITCH. The facts of this case are simply
these": By the eighth article of the treaty with
the Chickasaw Indians, made in the city of Wash-
ington, on the 24th day of-May, 1834, the lands
held by certain minors were permitted to be sold,
and the proceeds invested for their benefit, When
they should become of age, and upon its being
certified by certain chiefs that they were of age,
and that it was for the benefit of those individuals
that these moneys, thus invested, should be paid
to them, it was to be paid to them, This Pitchlyn
was one of those minors. His brother is deceased,
and he is the sole heir of the deceased. He has
become of age, and it is so certified by the chiefs;
and it is further certified that it is for his benefit
that this money should be paid to him. That
certificate is indorsed by the agent of the Chicka-
saws.
The amendment is recommended by the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
the General Land Office. This money, which we
have in our possession, for their benefit, was in-
vested in stock which is below par. They conse-
quently recommend that the money should be
appropriated out of the Treasury rather than sell
the stock at a sacrifice, when there is every prob-
ability of its soon being worth its par value. This
is simply a concise statement of the facts. Unless
these letters are called for, I do not propose to say
any more.
