*851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &&QBS.
U
public when she sends an array to crush another
little Republic for assuming the very same right
which she assumed for herself. She would not
allow the right which she took herself to the Ital-
ians. America has become a great and powerful
Republic. America got some aid in the hour of
her trial; and now that she is powerful and great-,
she says to others, You may fight out your own
battles in your own way. We are safe, ant! we
will continue so. This is going rather far; and there
is one thing which, I think, has been carried too
far: it is the ostentatious parade of this principle
of non-intervention. We may act upon it; and it
may be prudent to act upon it; but why parade it
before the world ? Why tell the despots of the
world, that no matter what Republic they may j
crush, our hands are tied; that we stand, as it ;
were, self-excommunicated from the rest of the j
world in that way. I think it may be very well j
to act upon that principle: and hitherto it has been
well. It has, no doubt, made this country great.
But I feel, at the same time, that it is not very
prudent to parade it before the world, as the per-
manent, fixed, and unalterable policy of this coun-
try. I can imagine a state of things—and it was
suggested by the honorable Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Stockton]—wherein this principle
could not be aeted upon. If the present appear-
ance of the world be taken as an indication of the
future, God only knows how long we shall be
permitted to act on this prinoiple. Reaction is
now triumphant all over Europe. When it be-
comes successful universally, who can tell how
long we shall be permitted to remain here without
Some interference? Be that as it may, it is not the
question.
I say again, that it does not matter now whether
this resolution pass or not. The effect of it has
been destroyed by this opposition. Kossuth, in
coming to this country, must have either benefited
or injured his cause. He came to this country to
benefit his cause. He has said frequently that he
wants us to unite with England, and form a kind
of alliance, to prevent the intervention of other
countries in the affairs of Hungary, and make
other countries observe the principle of action
•which we have laid down for ourselves. We wish
to make our principle universal. He says that it
will not do for any country not to intervene; be-
cause that would require that country to be unfaith-
ful in its duty to humanity. There is something
in that view. He asks us to unite with other lib-
eral countries, and prevent intervention. This
country need not give him an assurance that it
will act oil that principle of his. But, by receiving
him kindly, generously, hospitably, magnani-
mously, we would have made an efficient impres-
sion upon him, so that he could go back to Europe
and accomplish, perhaps, his object, so far as his
own country is concerned. But it matters not
now what we do, because it seems that the cause
of Kossuth has not been benefited by the proceed-
ings which have taken place in this Senate.
I would beg honorable Senators to abstain from
saying anything with regard to Kossuth which may
injure his prospects. lie "will go back; and within
two years from his going back to Europe, mark my
word for it, there will be seen a revolution in Eu-
rope such as has never yet been witnessed there.
Kossuth, in my opinion, is the man, framed by
misfortune, formed by education, and, if I may
be allowed the expression, raised by the hand of
God, to prepare the materials for that great and,
I hope, final and successful revolution in Europe.
Senators may say that he is not a man to compare
with Lafayette, or this man, or that man. This
country owes to Lafayette an immense debt; but
I say that this age has produced no man to compare
with Louis Kossuth. He is, in my humble opin-
ion, in politics and statesmanship what iNapoleon
was in war. He looks over the whole field of
Europe. His country is his idol. No mail could
be what he is, if he had not that grand ideal be-
fore him, which he has. He has studied not only
the politics of Hungary, but of Europe.
Sir, in England he seems to know her institu-
tions, her weakness, and her strength, as well as
Lord John Russell, the Premier. They are aston-
lbhed, they are astounded at it. So with regard
to Prance. So with regard to Italy. I consider
him, therefore, if I may use the expression, as
raised by the hand of destiny for this great mis-
sion. The time is arriving; the hour will soon
come—here is the man!—4iei'e he is amongst us!
His speeches thrill all Europe. And the cause
of Hungary is the cause of all Europe. Every
man felt that when Hungary was fighting, she
was not only fighting her own battles, she was
fighting the battles of liberty; she was fighting
the battles of nationality for the whole civilized
world. Kossuth will go back to his own country,
whether you receive him or not—whether you
give or refuse this little compliment'. He goes
back to Europe. The first revolution that takes
place there—and that may not be very far dis-
tant'—my impression is, that Hungary will be
erect and free again. Hungary cannot be kept
down unless Europe is kept down. Europe must
be trodden down first. The fate of Hungary is
involved in the fate of Europe; and they will not
keep Europe down—never! never!!
There is the most extraordinary phenomenon
in Europe now that ever perhaps was witnessed
before. There are more men in arms, from the
Volga to the Rhine, than there were when the bat-
tle of Leipsic was fought, when Napoleon was at
the head of his army—when he had aroused all
Europe. There are more men in arms in Europe
now than there were then. JNapoleon is dead; he
is not at the head of his army now; he is lying
buried on the banks of the Seine, and yet Europe
is now trembling under the tread of armies. Of
what is Europe afraid? Where is the enemy? No
one nation is nov/ afraid of another. JNo,^sir; but
they have armed against such men as Kossuth;
against the spirit he brings, and against the prin-
ciples he enunciates to the world. They liave
armed against the spirit of democracy. I do not
mean that in a little party sense. X mean it in a
broad, national, mundane sense. I say now that
there are no governments on God's earth possi-
ble but democracies and absolute go\ernments.
The old governments are giving way. Even Eng-
land is effete. She will go, and she feels it; and
her statesmen now are preparing to launch her on
the tide of democracy. She cannot live longer
unless it is done. She must go with the Abso-
lutists or with tile Democrats. Uer statesmen see
it. Why was Kossuth received so warmly there,
not only by the people, but by the first men of the
land? Why has Palmerston taken such pains to
rescue him from the dungeons of Turkey.' Why
is he shown such friendship in England? Sir, it
is because Kossuth is fighting the battle of liberty
everywhere. All must become absolute govern-
ments or democracies. Absolutism seems to be
in the ascendant. There seems to be but one nund
from St. Petersburgli to Lisbon. AH the princi-
palities of Europe In that neighborhood, political
and religious, have become absolute; there all are
absolutists now. England sees it. fehe sees that
if the tide of absolutism prevails, she is excom-
municated from the continent of Europe. ^ She
knows and she feels it. In my opinion it will not
be long before England will be launched upon the
tide of liberty; and that is why England courts
this country at this time. She now turns her face
to a nation which she rejected, and I may say
despised, foi' a long time. Why does she do it?
Because she wants "tins great, young, powerful,
unconquered and unconquerable country to stand
at her tack in defence of these great principles.
I say, therefore, that Kossuth, m tins re-
spect, is an extraordinary man. His history is
one of the most extraordinary that has ever yet
been known in this world. Take hint m his
Austrian dungeon, where lie disciplined his wind
for the present trial. Take him at the head of
the proudest and oldest aristocracy of Europe,
the Dictator, as it is said, the organizer of the
armies of Hungary. Take him as #1 prisoner
in Turkey. It lias often happened that men have
been chased away by Christians, and have found
refuse under the Crescent. Take, as ail illustration,
this man, who, as the representative of a country
which defended Christianity—that carried the
Gross triumphant—that man in his country is
crushed by Christians and Christian nations, and he
finds a refuge—where ? Not on the contmentof Eu-
rope, but under the Crescent of Mahomet. Then
follow him: England and America unite 111 obtain-
iiio- his release. He comes to England this ex-
traordinary man, whose career is more romantic
than romance—c.omes there, and how is lie re-
ceived by Englishmen? I do not speak of mere
I English officials—I do not speak of men m high
' political stations—I speak of the strong, boid,
' heart of the Englishman, who has tlsat
inborn sense of pride and independence which
scorns the idea that either Austria, Russia, or all
Europe, would make him shrink from performing
his duty towards a guest who comes to his coun-
try. I speak of that. I forgive England and
Englishmen a few of the wrongs which they in-
flicted elsewhere, when they show the way in
which they receive this man. There is something
great in it. As for an Englishman, you couid not
get him to say that he is afraid of the Czar of
Russia. You would never hear that from him.
On the contrary, as was said by the honorable
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton ,] if an
Englishman is insulted in any part of the world,
there is immediately an English fleet sent to repel
that insult. I saw tbat myself very often.
From England he comes to this country. We
propose here to give him a public reception and
welcome. I before said that I regretted this dis-
cussion had commenced, but now that it has com-
menced, now that his name has been brought into
it, I think it would be ungenerous, and almost
wanting in magnanimity, to repulse him from us.
In receiving Louis Kossuth you would do honor,
not merely to him, but to a great principle. What
is that principle? It is the very principle of our
own political existence. Are you afraid to respect
a man who is the incarnation of a great principle,
when that principle itself is the very principle
upon which our nation is founded' It seems to
me that such should be the case. But this is said
to bean empty honor. Very well; if it be an
empty honor, why not give it to the Governor of
Hungary, whom all acknowledge was once the
Governor of Hungary ? lie was the governor of
a great nation. Is not that sufficient to authorizo
his reception? I think so, and 1 believe that he
will be Governor of Hungary again. I hope so;
and I trust that this Republic will do everything
a great nation can do to give him encouragement,
and bid him God speed !
[Mr. FOOTE next obtained the floor, and made
a few remarks relative to his connection with the
subject under consideration. The report of them
has been withheld for revision.]
Without finishing, he gave way for a motion to
adjourn.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 10, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the following gen-
tlemen to constitute on the part of the House, the
members of the Joint Committee on Printing, viz:
Mr. Gorman, Mr. Have*, and Mr. Stantos of
Kentucky.
Mr. COBB gave notice, under the rule, of his
intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to enable
the proper Department so to construe the act of
June 28,1850, granting bounty land to the officers,
musicians, and soldiers of tlie American Army
since the year 1790, as to embrace all persons who
may have been mustered into, received pay from,
and were mustered out of service by tiie General
Government.
Mr. HALL, by unanimous consent of the
House, introduced a bill, of which previous notice
had been given, "^rantin^to the State of Missouri
the ri^ht of way and a portion of the public lands,
to aid m the construction of a railroad from Han-
nibal to St. Joseph, in that State." _
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
assignability of land warrants.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved that tire
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole Upon the state
of the Union. , t
Mr. H. said, if the House will indulge me in tt
solitary remark, I will state that my object lfi
moving to go into Committee of_ the Whole is to
take up the joint resolution making land warrants
assignable. . ,
The question was put and the motion was agretu
So the House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Richardson in the chair.)
Mr. HARRIS. If it is in order, I will now
move to take up joint resolution No. 1, ex-
planatory of ttie act approved September 26, low,
