56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
entitled "An act granting bounty land to certain
officers and soldiers who were engaged in the
military service of the United States.''
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is in order.
The committee can determine what business it will
first take up.
Mr. KING, of New York. Does not the rule
require that we shall take up the business in the
order in which it stands upon the Journal?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. KING. Then I desire to know what is
the first business in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The President's message is
the first business m order. The gentleman from
Tennessee must move to pass that by, m order
to take up the joint resolution to which he has
referred.
Mr. HARRIS. I make that motion.
The motion to pass by the President's message
was then agreed to.
Mr. II ARRIS then moved to take up for con-
sideration joint resolution No. 1, in relation to the
assignability of bounty kind warrants; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
The resolution was read.
Mr. HARRIS. With the indulgence of the
committee, f propose to make a brief statement
as to the objects to be effected by the passage of the
series of resolutions which I had the honor to
introduce.
The object of the fiist resolution is to make the
bounty land warrants, the issuance of which was
authorized by the act of 2blh September, 1850,
assignable.
Of the 2d, is to authorize the register?? and re-
ceivers of the United States land offices, to charge
and receive for the location of these warrants the
same rate of compensation that they would be en-
titled to where the land was sold at public saie at
25 per acre, to be paid by the Government of
the United States where the location is made for
the soldier or his heirs, and m all other cases to be
paid by the assignee or holder of the warrant.
Of the 3d, to provide for the same rate and
character of compensation to registers and receiv-
ers for services already rendered in the location of
this class of warrants.
Of the 4th, to extend the provisions of the act
of 2c?th September, 1850, to all commissioned and
non-coiiinns.xioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates, who have been mustered into the service of
the United States to suppress or prevent Indian
hostilities, and who have served asufficient length
of time to entitle them to bounty land under the
provisions of that act.
Of the 5th, to exiend the provisions of the act
of 2>^th September, 1850, to the mihtia, volunteers,
and Suite troops, ■who ha\c been celled out by the
law or executive authority of any State, and whoso
services ha\o been recoa,ni7cd and paid for bv the
Government of the [Tinted States.
The necessity of tlie passage of the resolutions
u'lder consideration addresses itself with so much
force to the sound judgment and discretion of every
£«an:l'*umn upon this flour, that I should regaid
rnvjvlf as trespassing unnecessarily upon the time
and jv-iHM'co of the co-unu' ;ee, to detaai them with
a ^ 'oiv) of comment upon n.
Mr, EVA \S. I di, not intend to offer any rc-
s'Nt.mce to the pnssa:: of theseresolutions. That
thf---f bounty land w.nvaa's should be made os-
is vc:-v eh:or: whedier they ought ever to
h.i*  3 be<-n gin-nod, is another question. I can
assure t1'^ aenthni'in who has introduced this
measure thuf, s; far as 1 <mi concerned, I do not
i itend to offer any opposition to it. Yet i: must
be apparent to every gemjenian that wo do not
understand what it is. The rexol'itinrr* are very
long. I have heard them read twice, with ejeat
attention, and yet I am not able to comprehend
them. There may be a great deal more m the
resolutions than meets the eye. There may '^e a
^reutdeal more m them than strikes us at first hear-
ing, and there outht therefore to be a copy of the
resolutions upon the de^k of every member here,
m order that we may be able to suggest corrections
and amendments if any shah be necessary. The
resolutions can still be passed within a few days.
They can be printed in a day or two, and we can
then «o into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Un:on again and pass them. They ought
not to be passed with -such precipitation. It is
inconsistent with sound legislation to proceed with
such unseemly hast.?. Neither is there any neces-
sity for it. What we propose to effect to-day, can
easily be effected before a single week shall have
passed away. No delay will be caused by wait-
ing until we can inform ourselves in regard to the
contents of these resolutions. With respect to
one of them, it seems to me—although 1 may
have misapprehended it—that it directly throws
upon the Treasuiy of the United States expenses
which ought perhaps to be borne by the pos-
sessor of the land warrant himself. It provides
that the owner of the land warrant, if it be
assigned, shall be responsible for all the charges
connected with it, hut that if the land warrant
is not assigned, and is in the possession of the
original holder, then the Treasury of the United
States shall pay all the charges of the register and
1 receiver, who are engaged in locating and record-
| ing it. I do not know the precise amount of these
I charges. I do not know what they amount to
• upon a single warrant. Rut I do know that the
' Secretary of the Interior informs us in his late
' report, that the total number of these land war-
rants, issued under the act of ihe 29th of Septem-
i her, 1850, will be at least two hundred and fifty
: thousand. Now I am not prepared to say that it
; is not right and proper that the Government should
. pay these charges, but it is at any rate a fair mat-
t ter for consideration. It is known to those gen-
I tlemen who were in the last Congress, that I
[ ollered strong opposition to certain features of the
bounty land bill, but I do not intend to offer any
| opposition to these resolutions, or even to vote
i against them, as I understand that it is the general
i feeling of the House that they shall pass. I will,
| however, respectfully suggest to the mover ofthese
; resolutions, that he should allow the committee to
i rise, m order that the resolutions may be printed,
1 with the understanding that as soon as they are
i printed, we shall again go into Committee of the
I Whole on the state of the Union, and pass them
! I move that the committee do nowrise.
! The motion was agreed to.
! The comrmttcc then rose, and the Speaker hav-
• in^- resumed the chair, the chairman of the com-
; mutee reported that they had had joint resolution
; No. 1 under consideration, and had come to no
! conclusion thereon.
Mr. EVANS moved that joint resolution No. 1
| be printed.
i Mr. MARSHALL", of Kentucky, by unani-
j mous consent, presented an amendment," [a copy
I of which could not he procured,] which he intend-
j ed to offer to the resolution at the proper time,
j Mr. DUNHAM asked the unanimous consent
i of the House to lay upon the table and have
I printed an amendment to the resolution, which he
; intended to offer at the proper time.
" Mr. CARTTER objected. The committee was,
!■ he said, the proper place for amendments.
The question was then taken on the motion or-
' dinner the joint resolution and the amendment of
, Mr. M vumiau., of Kentucky, to be printed, and
;' if was agreed to.
|; TRANSFER OF BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS,
j Mr. CORK. A few days ago I asked the
I unanimous eonsent of the House to introduce a
■ lull of which previous notice had been given. The
. gootlenifin from Ohio [Mr. Cartthr] objected to
its introduction at that tune, because he did not
, know the contents of it. He now understands it,
I ami is in favor of its passage. Duty to my coun-
try and to the parties more particularly interested
') demand that I should press the bill upon nil occa-
II sions, and [ therefore again ask leave to introduce
p it. It is simply a bill to authorize the transfer of
' bounty lrflftd warrants issued under the act of the
. £*'h September, 1850. granting bounty land to the
I oncers and privates of the American Anny since
1700.
There being no objection, the bill was intro-
duced, and read a first and second time.
Mr CORlh I now move to put the bill upon
its passage, and cull for the previous question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move to refer the bill to the Committee of the
II Whole on the state of the Union ?
i', The SPEAKER. It is in order.
!, Mr. HARRIS. Then I make that motion,
p Mr. CLINGMAN. I would submit this ques-
tiori of order to the consideration of the Chair:
;j When a bill is before us and there is a call for the
|j previous question, is it in order, while the Chair
■* is in the act of ascertaining whether the previous
question will be sustained, for a member to make
another motion? I submit that the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Harris] is too late in ma-
king his motion. If the previous question is not
sustained, then further motions will be m order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] is correct. The motion
to refer cannot be entertained pending the call for
the previous question.
The question was then taken on sustaining the
call for the previous question; and, on a count,
there were—ayes 93, noes 31—no quorum voting.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Robinson and Cobb were
appointed.
The question being again taken, there were—•
ayes 91, noes 24—still no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER stated, that if there was no
objection the count would be taken over again.
There being no objection, the tellers resumed
j their places; and a new count having been had,
1 there appeared—ayes 109, noes 25.
i So the previous question was sustained.
, The main question on the engrossment of the
1 bill was then ordered; and the bill being en-
grossed was then read a third time.
j The question now being, " Shall the bill pass?"
i Mr. COBB demanded the previous question;
j which was seconded, and under the operation
i thereof, the bill was passed.
i Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
! which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
| to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
i was agreed to.
| Mr. FICKLIN. I ask leave to introduce a bill
i of which previous notice has been given,
j NAVAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a privileged question. I
: have had the honor of being appointed a member
I of the Committee on Naval Affairs. I regret to
' say that I am under the necessity of asking the
House to excuse me from serving on that com-
j mittee. I make the request, not with any disre-
spect to the honorable chairman or any mcm-
! ber of that committee, but for reasons which
' are entirely satisfactory to my own mind, and
: which leave me no other alternative. I hope the
House will excuse me.
The question was then taken, and he was ex-
, cused.
! Mr. FICKLIN, by unanimous consent, intro-
) duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
' given, to protect actual settlers on the lands on the
! line of the Central Railroad and branches, by grant-
j ing preemption rights thereon; which was read a
' first and second time by its title, and referred to
| the Committee on Public Lands.
i Mr. CLARK asked leave to introduce a bill, of
■ which previous notice had been given, to grant a
: certain quantity of land to the State of Iowa for
! the purpose of aidingsaid State in the construction
of a railroad from Dubuque to Keokuck.
| Mr. CxYRTTER objected, and inquired of the
Chair what was the regular order of business?
; The SPEAKER said, the regular order of busi-
j ness was to call the States for petitions.
Mr. CARTTER asked if it would not be in
1 order to take up the President's message and to
refer it to appiopnate committees?
The SPEAKER said that it would not be strictly
in order.
On motion by Mr. JOHN W. HOWE, by
■ unanimous consent, leave was granted to withdraw
from the files of the House, for the purpose of
, reference to one of the executive departments, the
petition and papers of John Morrison, asking for
bounty lands under the law of 1850.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE,
i Mr. CARTTER. I now move that the House
! proceed to take up the President's message, and
■ to refer it to the appropriate committees. My ob-
i ject in making that motion is to furnish the stand-
. ing committees with their legitimate business, so
j that they may organize and go to work. I would
! inquire whether the message is now before the
i House, or whether it has been referred to the
j Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
' The SPEAKER said it had been so referred.
I Mr. CARTTER. Then I move that the House
' do now resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, with the view of taking
i up the President's message, and distributing it
between the several standing committees.
