188*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to read them.
Send them up to the Cleric.
Mr. Fl TCFI. The treaty is cited in the amend-
ment 1 have offered. This Pitchlyn was one of
the minors provided for by the treaty. The land
was selected; it was sold, and the proceeds invest-
ed in accordance with the terms of the treaty; and
in accordance with the terms of the treaty, this
Indian, having become of age, the proper Depart-
ment now recommends that the money shall be
paid to him. The interest has been paid every
year upon this investment.
Mr. HOUS TON. Under any circumstances, it
seems to me, there is an objection to the phrase-
ology of that amendment. The facts which the
gentleman has stated, have not been communi-
cated to the House until now; but it seems to me
a point presents itself there that may hereafter
involve us in sorae difficulty. The character of
the proposition is, that we shall pay to A B, as
the heir of C D, a certain annuity. Now, there
is a question there which ought to be decided, it
seems to me, by the Department; and if the amend-
ment is to be adopted at all, it had better be adopt-
ed in such phraseology as will authorize the proper
Department to determine upon such testimony as
may be satisfactory to them whether this heir-
ship is correct, or whether some other person may
not really be the party interested.
Mr. FITCH. I am sorry 1 have not had time
to enlighten my friend upon the subject. I stated
to the committee, what I supposed would be satis-
factory', that I had this proof; and of course the
Department would not have recommended this
amendment in favor of this one man unless they
had been satisfied.
Mr. HOUSTON. Without touching; the mer-
its of the case, I suggested that, as a matter of
caution, we had better so change the phraseology
as to |ive the discretion to the proper Department
to pay the money to the heir of the Indian upon
presentation of such testimony as will satisfy
them that he is the person entitled.
Mr. FITCH. To that 1 have no objection at
all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the committee
rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the state of the Union generally under
consideration, and especially House bill No. 43,
making appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending 30th June, 1853, had
made progress, but had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. CARTTER. I desire to make a report
that involves no legislation whatever, in order
that it be laid upon the table and ordered to be
printed. It is a report adverse to*the extension
of the Wood worth patent.
No objection was made; so the report was re-
ceived, laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COBB. I have here a Senate bill, No. 152.
It provides for the payment to a widow and seven
children money due to them. It was reported
from the Committee on Claims unanimously. I
ask that I may be permitted to report it, and that
it be referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
No objection was made, and the order was en-
tered accordingly.
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE,
The House then adjoui ned until Monday morn-
ing at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Movr .\y, July 19, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memoiial, very nu-
merously signed, of citizcns of Portland, Maine,
praying that the bill now pending before Congress,
Known as the land distribution bill, may become
a law; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of Israel Rodgers, represent-
ing that he has been defrauded of the bounty land
to which he was entitled for services during the
late war with Mexico, and praying other land;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I present
the petition of Colonel William F. Small, of" Phil-
adelphia, who represents that he is authorized to
offer to the Government the services of a regiment,
composed of ten companies, of active, intelligent
young men, of the city and county of Philadel-
phia, for the purpose of protecting emigrants on
the frontier and in California. He represents that
the object of those composing this regiment is, to
form permanent settlements on the eastern frontier
of California, and to give protection to settlers,
emigrants, and miners. 1 am well acquainted with
Colonel Small. He served with great credit to
himself in Mexico, and he is a gentleman well
calculated to take command of such a regiment. I
move that the petition be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD also presented a petition,
numerously signed, by. highly respectable gentle-
men of the city and county of Philadelphia, rep-
resenting that they desire to have an act or joint
resolution of Congress passed, authorizing that
among the paintings selected to adorn the Capitol
there may be some illustiative of the victories
which constitute the naval glory of the country,
and recommending W. A. K. Martin, of Phila-
delphia, as competent to design and execute such
picture or pictures; which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of
James L. Collins, praying indemnity for property
lost in the Mexican war, and for services as secret
and confidential agent of the United States ren-
dered during said war; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Also, the memorial of Harriet 0. Read, execu-
trix of the late Lieutenant Colonel A. C. W. Fan-
ning, of the United States Army, praying com-
pensation for extra services of Colonel Fanning;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Indiana in favor of granting bounty
land and extra pay to surgeons and assistant sur-
geons in the last war with Mexico, who were not
duly commissioned; which was relerred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
piiuted.
Mr CASS. I present a memorial of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying that an appropriation be
made for the construction of a ship canal around
the Jails of the river St. Mary. As the subject
has already been brought before Congress by the
Committee on Public Lands, 1 move that the me-
morial be laid on the table; and, at the same time,
I give notice that during the week 1 intend to call
up the bill reported by the Committee on Public
Lands in relation to that subject.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of J. W.
Osboine, praying to be released from the payment
of duty bonds on goods destroyed by fire while
in the Government warehouse at San Francisco,
California; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I have in my hands an im-
portant petition concerning American literature,
signed by names universally honored in this coun-
try. The petition is short, and I will read it:
To the honorable Representatices oj the people of the
United States in Congress assembled:
The under.-ignud, author*-, pubiMier?, book-oliei*, print- j
or*, editors, and |>ap< i dealers, eiuzen.-ol'thi' United States, '
re^puetfully <i<k that your honoiable burly will enact a Jaw j
lor tin* benefit u( Amet ican lih-rature, xvluch shah give to j
British an thou and publishers the -.a-ne rurht to the control !
ottlK-u Ii'ei.uv pcoperty m the United States thai the law
of England ofF-j.* reciprocally to tile authors and publishers
of lin> couiitiy.
1 have also a second petition to the same effect.
These petitions were prepared some time ago, but
only now have been placed in my hands. Among
the illustrious petitioners are James Fennimore
Cooper, on whose signature is now the sacred
seal of death, Jonathan N. Wainright, Hermann
Melville, William C. Bryant, George P. Putnam,
Washington Irving, Rev. Dr. Francis L. Hawks,
Dr. Edward Robinson, Rufus W. Griswold,
Bayard Taylor, and John Jay. Uniting with
these petitioners in their prayer, and cordially de-
siring some action of Congress on this subject, if
not this session, yet speedily, so soon as it prac-
tically can be done, I move that these petitions be
referred to the Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JAMES, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which was referred the petition
of Abigail Stafford, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for her relief; which was read and
passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian "Affairs, to which were referred the docu-
ments relating to the claim of William Senna Fac-
tor, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for
his relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was .ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred a motion to print the
report of the Second Auditor, transmitting copies
of the accounts rendered'for disbursements of
money, goods, and effects for the benefit of the
Indians during the year ending June 30th, 1851,
reported against printing the same, as entirely un-
necessary.
The report was agreed to.
LANDS OF FRANCIS GARDERE.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am requested by the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, to which was re-
ferred the petition of Francis Gardere, to report a
bill authorizing the purchase of certain lands be-
longingto Francis Gardere. I am also requested
by the committee to ask its consideration at this
time.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
There being no objection, it was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the Secretary
of War, if satisfied that the title thereto is un-
doubted, to purchase of Francis Gardere a cer-
tain tract of land, consisting of about three acres,
which adjoins lands of the United States at Baton
Rouge, in Louisiana, if he shall be of opinion
that the same is necessary to the United States,
and that it can be obtained with an undoubted
title, for a sum not exceeding $1,500.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state for the information
of the Senate, that Mr. Gardere claims a narrow
strip of land which adjoins the lands occupied by
the United States for an arsenal, at Baton Rouge.
It is so situated that it divides those lands to a
certain extent; and, in fact, part of it is now oc-
cupied by the United States. This matter has been
some time in controversy; and this gentleman,
not being satisfied with the existing state of things,
wishes his claim settled. Since the papers in the
case have been before Congress, 1 have had some
correspondence with the Secretary of War, and
he has had further correspondence with theofReeis
at Baton Rouge on this subject. Three disinter-
ested gentlemen were appointed to appraise the
value of this land. They appraised it at $1,500,
including the whole of the land. Mr. Gardere
is unwilling to sell that part which is convenient
to the United States without selling the whole.
This bill proposes that the Secretary of War shall,
if he is satisfied that the title is undoubted, pur-
chase it for a sum not exceeding $1,500. 1 sup-
pose that will be the easiest and speediest mode of
settling the controversy.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am not sure that there is
any additional land warned at Baton Rouge by the
Government.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 would state to the Senator that
this strip of land is about forty feet wide. It runs
right into the lands occupied by the United States,
dividing them for some three or four or five hun-
dred feet—1 do not know how far—perhaps more
than that—some thirty or forty rods. This strip
of land runs right in, like a hie;h-way, between
the lands occupied by the United States. They
can get along without it; but it would be very con-
venient to have it.
Mr. SHIELDS. The reason for my remarks
was, that there has been an application this win-
ter to have a portion of the land attached to the
arsenal at Baton Rouge set apart for a burial
ground. I applied to the Department to ascer-
tain whether the amount of land held by the Uni-
ted States at Baton Rouge was sufficient to enable
