968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
April 5,
inquire into the expediency of increasing the salary of the
United States district judge for the district of Vermont.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. NORRIS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, that Friday next, and every succeeding Fri-
day thereafter, shaJl be devoted to tire consideration ot sncli
private bills oil the Calendar as shall not give rise 1o debate;
and whenever debate shall arise upon a bill, or any Senator
shall express a desire to debate the same, it shall go over to
-the following Fiiday.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr.- BADGER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend and to ex-
tend the provisions of an act, approved July 29,
1846, and entitled "An act in relation to thepay-
ment'of claims^"
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
' .A message from the House of Representatives |
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the bill from the Senate for i
"the relief of Theodore Oft'utt; and also that it had i
passed several private bills, which were transmit- I
ted to the Senate. I
ORDER OF BUSINESS. J
Mr. DOWNS. A very important bill was re- 1
ported some time since by the Committee on the I
Judiciary, which can be taken up and disposed of j
in a very short time. 1 have not called it up !
sooner, because it was desirable to have the report I
printed. It is now printed, and is on Senator's !
tables. The bill to which I refer is one to author- I
ize the Secretary of the Interior to announce the j
apportionment of Representatives among the dif- ,
ferent States, according to the census of 1850 j
Some time ago a message was sent to us by the j
President of the United States, transmitting a let- j
ter from the Secretary of the Interior, stating the '
reasons why, owing to some defects in the returns |
of the population of California, the apportionment !
could not be announced without some legislation •
by Congress. The Committee on the Judiciary
have reported a bill, directing the manner in which
the apportionment shall be made; a.-.d it is neces-
sary that it, or some other bill, should be passed, I
in order that the apportionment may be made. I !
hope the Senate will consent to consider it now. I
I move to postpone all prior orders, for the pur- !
pose of taking it up. i
Mr. GWIN. I am very deeply interested in 1
that bill, and I am anxious to have it consid- j
ered at an early day; but we have been discuss- I
ing for a week the bill to provide for the estab-
lishment of a navy-yard in California, and I am !
very sure that we can come to a conclusion upon
it to-day. I hope that, if the Senator from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Bell,] who is entitled to the floor on
another subject, will give way, we shall take up ,
that bill and dispose of it. After it shall have
been disposed of, the bill named by the Senator
from Louisiana can come up. I "do not think
there will be much discussion upon either bill; at
least, I hope there will not be. I hope the Sena-
tor from Tennessee will give way, and allow me
to get up the navy-yard bill.
Mr. DOWNS. I certainly do not desite to
interfere with the bill in which the Senator from
California feels so much interest, and if 1 did not
think it would lead to aprotracted debate, 1 should
not object to taking it up now; but it is one of
those measures on which we can never tell when
debate will cease. It hps already been debated for
several days, ft is really important that the meas-
ure which I propose to take up should be speedily
disposed of. I do not think it will consume much
time, and therefore, unless I can have some assur-
ance that the Senator's bill will not be debated, I
must insist on my motion.
Mr. BELL. This day was assigned for the
consideration of the resolutions introduced bv the
honorable gentleman from Rhode Island, J Mr.
Clarke,] who is not here at present. It is' true
that I ha-.e the floor for 'his day on that subject,
but it is very indifferent to me on what day I shall
address the Senate. I wish to state, however that
I understand that on the day after to-morrow the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations [Mr. Mason'] \ii]) be under the neces-
sity of leaving the city for a few days, and that
it would juomote his personal convenience very
much if he could be permitted to occupy to-mor- '
row on those resolutions. After he shall have
concluded, 1 will ask the Senate to set apart any
day they may think proper,on which I can address
them on the same subject. For the purpose of
testing the sense of the Senate, I move that the
special order betaken up, and then I shall move
that it be postponed.
The PRESIDENT. That motion cannot be
received until that of the Senator from Louisiana
is disposed of.
Mr. BELL. I hope, then, that the Senator
from Louisiana will withdraw his motion.
Mr. DOWNS. I withdraw it.
NON-INTERVENTION.
On the motion of Mr. BELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolutions some
time since submitted by Mr. Clarke cm the sub-
ject of non-intervention.
Mr. B. I now move that the further considera-
tion of the resolutions be postponed until to-mor-
ro -, conceding to the honorable Senator from
Virginia the right to the floor upon them.
Mr. MASON. As the Senator from Tennes-
see has been kind enough to grant his approbation,
I shall ask the Senate to hear me to-morrow upon
these resolutions.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATION.
Mr. DOWNS. I now renew the motion to take
up the bill supplementary to an act providing for
the taking of the seventh and subsequent cen-
suses of the United States, and to fix the number
of members of the House of Representatives, and
provide for their future apportionment among the
several States, approved 23d May, 1850.
Mr. BRADBURY. I had supposed that it was
the purpose of the Senate to conclude the business
they were upon the other day. I refer to the bill
advocated by the Senator from California for the
establishment of a liavy-yard in his State. The
bill which the honorable Senator from Louisiana
pioposes to call up, is one that must necessarily
give rise to debate. The bill which has been re-
ported by the majority of the committee will
deprive California of one of her Representatives—
a proposition which I apprehend will not be read-
ily assented to. It seems to me that we had better
conclude our action upon the other bill to which I
have referred before taking up this. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary were equally divided on
this subject. I have had the honor of presenting
a minority statement, but as I' did not expect that
this bill would be called up to-day, I am not pre-
; pared to go on.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say that 1 think
' there is no bill on the Senate calendar which ought
j to be taken up and disposed of sooner than the
j bill referred to by the Senator from Louisiana.
In consequence of untoward circumstances con-
nected with the taking of the census in the State j
| of California, the Secretary of the Interior is un- I
able to do what he is required to do by the act '
passed by the last Congress—announce the appor-
tionment of Representatives among the States. It
is highly important that that apportionment should
; be made; that it should be known; and I would
suggest to the Senator from Maine that the very
1 fact which he mentions, that it is likely the bill
will give rise to debate, shows the extreme import-
ance of taking it up at once. I hope we shall
take it up and dispose of it.
Mr. DAVIS. I most heartily join in that re-
quest. This is a question which really ought to be
settled. It is quite time that it should be settled,
and 1 hope ii will now be taken up and disposed
of.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
and it was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whoie. It directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to proceed forthwith to appor- I
tion Representatives among- the several States in !
accortldr.ce with the provisions contained in the i
25th section of the act of 23d May, 1850, ac- j
cording to the returns of population which have !
been completed and received at the census office, j
including the population of the counties ot' San 1
Francisco. Santa Clara, and Contra Costa, in the |
State of California, according to the returns thereof '
made by the census agent to the Secretary of State
of that Slate, amounting to 25,224. It further !
provides, that if, at any future decennial enumer- j
ation of the inhabitants of the United Slales, the •
census of sny district or subdivision shall be im- I
properly taken, or if the returns of any district !
or subdivision shall be accidentally lost or de- i
| stroyed, the Secretary of the Interior shall have
! power to order a new enumeration of such district
| or subdivision.
| Mr. BRADBURY. I move to amend the bill,
i by adding the following as an additional section:
J Jind be it further enacted, That the State of California
shall be entitled to the same number of Representatives in
I Congress that said State now has ; and that for this purpose
| tile act of May 23d, 1850, providing for the apportionment
! of Representatives among the several States, be so amended
! that the whole number shall be two hundred and tlnrty-four
| instead of two hundred and tiventy-three, until an appor-
; uonment under a new census.
j Mr. DOWNS. This amendment brings up a
question which was discussed in the committee,
I on which they differed in opinion. I hope it will
| not be adopted. I think the ground taken in the
report of the majority of the committee cannot be
j departed from with propriety. It is alleged in the
i minority report, that an additional member more
i than she is entitled to, according to the returns,
! ought to be allowed to California, because the re-
! turns were imperfectly taken. But the ground on
i which the committee proceeded is, that in a matter
! so important as that of Representation, nothing but
| the actual returns can, with propriety, be relied
j upon. We cannot ground our action upon mere
| estimates of population. The Constitution of the
: United States does not contemplate any such
I thing. It never has been done, except in a case
1 where a State is first admitted into the Union,
| where there is no apportionment, and where, as
j a matter of necessity, the population must be com-
; puted, and representation allowed. But in noin-
i stance in the history of the Government has rep-
: resentation been fixed after a census was taken, by
j estimates, or on any other calculation than the
actual enumeration of population as reported by
the census takers. It would be unsafe to adopt
any other rule.
It is said that the returns of California are very
defective; that some of them have been lost. The
difficulty in regard to those which are alleged to
have been lost, or destroyed by fire, is obviated,
not only with sufficient accuracy to satisfy the
Senate, but in an official form, and such as is con-
templated by the law itself; for there is a provision
in the bill, directing the census to be taken, that,
in addition to the returns which were made to the
Secretary of the Interior, a copy of them should
| also be made to the Secretary of State of the State
! or Territory. Some twelve months ago, at the
; call of the Legislature of California, such a return
, was made. The duplicate returns, which had
I been sent to the Secretary of State for the State,
were laid before the Legislature of California, and
; printed in their Legislative proceedings. A print-
ed copy of those returns was laid before the com-
mittee. Thus the returns of those counties which
j were lost are known with sufficient accuracy. The
. committee have taken them, and allow the State
the full returns as they were taken. This is going
' as far as the committee thought they could go with
propriety. 1 shall not now go into the details; but
as the report shows, the committee took the pop-
1 ulation as reported, and found that it would give
to California but one Representative, and a very
j small fraction of some twenty-four thousand would
remain. ^ Now, can we ground our actions here
upon estimates at all ? Or, if we can go into esti-
mates, is there sufficient data before us, by which
! we can say that the State of California is entitled
to another Representative, although, according to
j the returns, she appears to have a much smaller
, fraction than other States? I think not. If we
I allow estimates of the population of California,
where shall we stop?
j It may be that there are errors in the returns of
California. There may also be errors as to other
States. If you once admit the principle, you can-
not stop there; but you must go into a calculation,
whenever any member gets up and alleges that the
same error has been committed 111 the returns of
his State. Whenever that is alleged, if you admit
the principle, you will have to go into estimates of
the population of that State. Hence the commit-
tee thought that this claim ought not to be allowed;
that it would be unsafe to follow that principle.
There is another objection to these proceedings.
It was settled m Ihe census act of JboO, that a pei-
manent number of Representatives for this census,
and future censuses, should be fixed upon, and
that it should remain fixed. There is a provision
in that bill, that when, by the admission of new
States, the number should be increased over the
