1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
969
two hundred and thirty-three members allowed,
that, at the next apportionment, the number should
be reduced to that. There was a reason for this;
and the committee thought that the policy of the
bill ought not to be departed from. There have
always been difficulties, heretofore, in fixing the
apportionment, on account of fractions. That
has been the case heretofore; because, until the
census was ascertained, there was no number of
Representatives fixed. Hence, there was difficulty
about it, because it was impossible that the frac-
tion should operate equally in regard to the differ*
ent States. There has always heretofore been
difficulty in settling that matter.
But, by fixing the number of Representatives, in
the first place, before the population is ascertained,
no State can complain, because the calculation
operates equally upon all; and although, according
to the apportionment, some States may suffer, by
not receiving an additional member from a very
large fraction, yet it will no doubt happen that,
when another apportionment is made, those States
which now lose on account of fractions, will have
it made up.
If we are to change the number of Representa-
tives whenever it suits the convenience of any par-
ticular State, you destroy the convenience of the bill
of .1850, which fixed the number of Representatives
permanently; and hereafter, whenever an appor-
tionment is made, the number will be unsettled,
and we shall have the same difficulty in settling it
that we have had in all the apportionments here-
tofore.
There is another reason why this amendment
ought not to be adopted. The Committee on the
Judiciary took the returns from all the counties of
California from which returns had been received
at Washington; to those we added the returns
presented to the Legislature of California for the
remaining three counties. The Legislative re-
turns give the county of San Francisco a popula-
tion of 21,000; Contra Costa, 722; Santa Clara,
3,502, making, in all, 25,224. Add to this the
population of the other counties, 92,597, and it
makes the total population of the State 117,821.
Apply to this the ratio, according to the latest and
fullest returns from California, 93,420; and it gives
her one member, and a fraction of 24,401. The
addition of the population of these last coun-
ties would make a little difference, and lessen her
fraction. The fraction of South Carolina is
47,478, and that of Louisiana is 46,190. Here
we see, that, while in California there is a frac-
tion of24,000,in Louisiana, thenextState, which,
according to the returns, is not entitled to an ad-
ditional memberforherfraction, is 48,000, coming
within a little over 1,000 of the number which
gives South Carolina a member.
if we allow this claim of California, we do a
strange act. We give to California an additional
member, on a fraction of 24,000, while, at the
same time, we refuse to Louisiana a member,
upon a well-ascertained and undisputed fraction
of 46,000 and odd. Now, I ask, are the Senate
of the United States preptued to do this?
Mr. President, you will recollect, and we all
recollect, that we have fixed the representation of
California once before by computation. And I
am inclined to think now that these returns show
that a great mistake was then committed. I hope
we shall not again commit such a mistake. It is
evident that a very great mistake has always been
made in regard to the population of California.
For instance, take the case of the city of San
Francisco. In our debates here, we spoke of it as
a large city, of thirty, forty, or fifty thousand in-
habitants. According to the returns, as ihey
were sent us—and there have been no corrections
in that respect made since—the population of that
city is not more than 21,000. Look at the report
of the Committee of the Legislature of California,
which we had before us. It is true that they
state that the population is undoubtedly larger;
but they give us no facts to show that it is larger.
So, in 'the report of the minority of the com-
mittee here, they say that the population is no
doubt larger: but they give us no facts. Can they
suppose that, in a matter of so much delicacy as
that of representation, we aie to go on mere con-
jecture?
Again, these returns were made to the Legisla-
ture of California in April last—a year ago. It
was suggested in the Legislature then, that there
were mistakes. The legislative committee thought
there were mistakes in the returns; they thought
the population ought to have been stated as larger
than it was stated. We know, from the reports
of the Secretary of the Interior, and the census
agent, that the most earnest exertions were made
during the last twelve months to complete, as far
as possible, these returns. Yet, after the lapse of
■: a year, we have no material change, showing, or
<\ tending to show, that the population of California
{ ; is as much as it has been represented. I ask, how
! | can it be as large as it is said to be, when the facts
j | which you now have before you were, substantia
I; ally, before the Legislature of California, and pre-'
,| sented to the public by them as being erroneous
h and defective, and yet no errors can be found in
| them? There have been a few slight corrections;
i; but there has been no material alteration, change,
|; or modification, from that time to this. Yet now,
,' after the lapse of nearly two years, since the cen-
; | sus was taken, we are called upon to say, that Cal-
lforma has a population sufficient to entitle her to
jl two members. 1 cannot concur in it. 1 think it
would be dangerous to proceed on any such prin-
ciple.
JN'obody can complain of me of having anything
but the best disposition to do full justice to Cali-
fornia. I have done so heretofore. There are no
members of the Senate whom 1 would go further
to accommodate and gratify, in a matter of opin-
ion, than the distinguished gentlemen who repre-
sent California on this floor. But jt does seem
to me, as it did to the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Butler,] whose absence now I very much
regret, that it would be departing from ail rule,
and be doing great injustice to the other States, to
admit, on a mere conjectural computation, an ad-
ditional member for California. At any rate, if the
Senate shall, contrary to my impression, allow
California an additional member, then I certainly
shall insist that Louisiana shall have an additional
member. For it would be a hard measure of jus-
tice, indeed, to deny to my State a member, on a
very large fraction, equal, J believe, to about one
half of the ratio for a whole member, and yet give
to California a member on about half the fraction
which Louisiana has. If the proposition of the mi- j
nority of the committee should be adopted, 1 shall1
certainly very earnestly insist that Louisiana be
allowed an additional member; because, if you in-
crease the number and depart from the mle—if
you say that equity and justice require that Cali-
fornia have an additional member, though it is
contrary to my opinion, be it so; but, certainly,
you cannot say, at the same time, that Louisiana
shall not have an additional member on a fraction
nearly twice as large as that of California.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senate will perceive
at once that this is a very important question. It
is no less than this: Shall a State be deprived of
her just representation on account of the imperfec-
tion, or want of an accurate census of her popula-
tion ? I think it can hardly be questioned that
California possessed the requisite population to
entitle her to her present representation in the
House of Representatives; but it turns out that the
census returns are so defective ns to legve her
fraction above the ratio for one llepiesentatne—
too small for a second Representative. The returns
that have been received at the census bureau, with
some additions which have been admitted by the
committee, give California a population of 117,318;
and it is upon the basis of this enumeration that
the honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Downs] feels bound to deprive that State of its
present representation, and cut it down to a single
Representath e. My opinion is, that before we
deprive a State of her existing representation, we
should inquire whether the census return's are ac-
curate, or approximate to accuracy. I do not
contend, that for slight inaccuracies, we should
set aside the census returns; but when they are so
grossly erroneous as to furnish no approximation
to the true number of the population of a State en-
titled to be enumerated, it would be unwise and
unsafe to establish the precedent thai we would
adhere to them, and apportion the representation
upon them. It may happen herealter that tins
may becomc a very important question—much
more ho even than m this case. It will be remem-
bered that it is the duty of the Federal Govern-
ment, and not of the State authorities, to see that
the census is taken. This duty does not devuhe
upon the State governments; they have no control
over it. If, then, the officers appointed by the
Federal Government neglect their duty and m&ke
no accurate returns of any enumeration of the
people of a State, in it safe, is It just, that we will
adhere to whatever may be received in the form of
a retain, though known to be false, and acknowl-
edged to be imperfect on its faoe, and make such
false and imperfect returns the basis pf representa-
tion? I think not. On this principle a State mighst
be deprived of its entire representation in the other
House, with the exception of a single Representa-
tive, if no returns were made. The largest State
might be reduced to a single Representative,,and
that for no fault of hers, but from the neglect of
the agents of the Federal Government. This is,
indeed, a fearful penalty to fall upon a party guilty
of no fault, and a most dangerous principle for us
to sanction.
The first inquiry in this case, then, is, whether
the census returns of the population of California -
that have been made are accurate, or approximate
to accuracy ? If they do, I would adhere to them,
and take them for the basis of apportionment.
But this is not the case. So far from it, the pre-
tended returns are impeached by the very officer
who had charge of the census m that State. I
propose for a moment to call the attention of the
Senate to some of the facts that show these re-
turns are too grossly inaccurate to be depended
upon in any degree whatever; and I apprehend
that when that fact is established the State will not
be deprived of its justrepresentation upon such an
erroneous basis. If it is, we know not whose turn
it will be next, nor what State will be the next
sufferer, if a false principle is adopted now, to be-
come a precedent for the future.
In April, 1851, it became important for the
Legislature of California to ascertain her popula-
tion, for the purpose of apportioning the State for
Representatives and Senators in the State Legisla-
ture. Application was made to the census agent
of California for the census, to enable the Legis-
lature to make that apportionment. The State had
a right to expect that, under the authority of the
Federal Government, the accurate census of her
population would be taken that would furnish the
information desired. The^census agentaddressed,
to the committee of the Legislature appointed for
that purpose, a communication, in answer to in-
quiries made to him, in which he stated, in sub-
stance, that the returns were not complete, and
were so defective that reliance could not be placed
upon them. He says, after, what had been done
in the way of obtaining this census of about
117,000:
'' Tnc result of tins enumeiation, when completer!, will,
vnth all leasunable probability, fall shoit of the entire pop-
ulation of the :3tate from thirty-three to fifty per cent. Such
a result mu«t naturally occur to the nnnd of every person
conversant with the circumstances Mirrounrting those en-
gaged in the mines—piobably the most numeious of our
population—residing, as many of them do, in unknown and
unfrequented localities, whilst others are constantly.chang-
mg their places ot abode; thus absolutely precluding the
possibility of then being found at all by the census man.**
Thus n will be seen that the returns which we
havu, aie impeached by the very census agent
who had charge of the business in the State. But
the Committee on the Judiciary did not stop here.
They received information from the Represent-
atives and Senators from that State, which is be-
lieved to be entitled to respect. The Represent-
atives both stated facts within their knowledge,
showing the gross inaccuracy of the returns, and
the manifest injustice that would be done by adopt-
ing them as trie basis of an apportionment; and
one of them reduced to writing some facts which
it may be important for the Senate to consider.
The honorable Mr. McCorkle, one of the Rep-
resentatives, concurs with the census agent in re-
gard to the imperfection of the-ie returns. To
show how grossly imperfect they are. I will read
to the Senate one or two extracts from his com-
mon ication:
a A<5 an illustration of the cross inaccuracy of the ccihus
return:- troni California, i will give you my estimates of a
few counties' in the northern paitof the f^taie—counties
with which 1 aui perfectly iaunhar, aim m which I have
rc-.cU d for the last two years onri a halt.
•• The county of Shasta i- returned by the commissioner
a- having a population of three hundictl ami bcventy-eight.
Theie aie in tins county four settlements of mineis, each of
whu'h contains a largei population Hum the connnif&ioner
ha> returned for the whole county.
u The population of Shasta county I estimate ateix thou-
sand on tiieiu.-t day of June, 1850."
Here we have the estimate of a gentleman who
was familiar with the people of the county, that
there were at least six thousand inhabitants at the
