1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. SMART objected, and called for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER said that the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] was a privi-
leged motion. The regular order of business was
to call the States for petitions; but the gentleman
had the right, under the rule, to move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to go into committee, and it was not agreed to.
SEATS FOR THE REPORTERS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, by unanimous
consent, from the select committee appointed on
Wednesday last to inquire into the practicability
of procuring, within the bar of the House, suit-
able seats for the Repoiters of the Congressional
Globe, reported the following resolution, viz:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper be and he is hex-by au-
thorized and directed to pi ovule three chans for the Repoit-
eis for the Congressional Globe, to be placed m front of the
Cleik'o dubkj similar to the chairs occupied by the Repoit-
ers on the tioor of the Semite
The resolution having been read,
Mr. STEPHENS said: I will barely remark,
that upon investigation we have found that three
chairs may be placed directly in front of the Clerk's
desk for the Reporters of the Globe without at all
incommoding the House. If they should, they
can be removed. I move the previous question on
the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which question being put,
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved thatthevote
just taken be reconsidered, and that that motion
be laid upon the table; which latter motien was
agreed to.
PETITIONS.
The SPEAKER stated that the States would be
called for petitions, commencing1 with the State of
Maine.
On motion by Mr. LETCHER, by unanimous
consent leave was granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the petition and papers of Rich-
ard Pool.
ADVANCES BY NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. PEASLEE, by unanimous consent of
the House, and in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill authorizing the payment of inter-
est to the state of New Hampshire for advances
made for the use and benefit of the United States,
in repelling invasion and suppressing insurrection
at Indian Stream, in said State; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TUCK. I believe there is a rule of this
House which authorizes the presentation of peti-
tions without detaining the House; and believing
that we shall do nothing else that will be useful, I
move that the House do now resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE presented the petition of
Lemuel Hudson and Ephraim Sharp, which was
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
MINT OF THE UNITED STATES AT NEW YORK.
Mr. BRIGGSj by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which pievious notice had been
given, to establish a Mint of the United States in
the city of New York; which was read a first and
second" time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
reference of president's message.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The House have
already heard that petitions may be presented here
under the rule of the House without wasting its
time. It is important that the standing committees
should have some basis upon which to commence
their work; and preparatory to that, it is neces-
sary to dispose of arid refer the various subjects
treated of in the President's annual message to the
proper committees. That message has been re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Now, I think the proper course
for us to pursue, is to go into committee, and refei
it to the appropriate standing committees, and let
those committees meet and report when they may
think proper. It is right that they should have
jurisdiction over the subjects to be referred to
them, and authority to call upon the Departments
for explanation and information. I therefore
move that the House now resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. The House is aware that
the message has not yet been printed. I had
intended myselfto make a motion similar to that
just made by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] but until the message is printed, I can
hardly see the utility of the motion. I think,
therefore, the gentleman had better withdraw his
motion for the present.
Mr. JONES. The message has been printed in
the papers. It has not, to be sure, been printed
by our public printer and laid upon our tables.
When that will be done, the Lord only knows.
[Laughter.] If we have to wait until we receive
I it from the public, printer, with the documents
! which accompany it, we shall be obliged to wait
! for three months, at least. ;
I Several Members. Five months. j
Mr. JONES continued. My experience is, that j
' it is not common to wait for these documents to |
be officially printed and laid upon our tables before j
i refemng it; but if it is the pleasure of the House !
j to wait that time, I have no objection.
i The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
! draw his motion ?
! Mr. JONES. No, sir, I do not. The House
j may vote it down if they wish.
; Mr. GORMAN. I hope the gentleman from
! Tennessee [Mr. Joxes] will withdraw his motion,
i I doubt not, there are other gentlemen m the
} House in the same situation with myself, in rela-
tion to this matte#r. Papers have been referred to j
committees during the last Congress; they are
now upon file in the Clerk's office, and cannot be j
withdrawn, except upon motion. But I hope the j
motion will l)e withdrawn for another reason. ;
The rules of the House require that previous
notice shall be given of intention to introduce a
bill. Now, when the States are called for peti-
tions, members are also allowed to give notice of
their intention to introduce bills, as well as present
petitions. I hope, therefore, it will be the pleasure
of the gentleman fiom Tennessee to withdraw,
for the pre,^ent, his motion to go into committee.
Mr. JONES then withdrew his motion.
Petitions were then called for from the State of
New York; and
Mr. JENKINS presented several.
On motion by Mr. HAYEN, by unanimous
consent, it was ordered that the petition of Silas
Champion for a pension, and the accompanying
papers, be withdrawn from the files, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS.
Mr. HAYEN gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or 011 the earliest day practicable, ask
leave to introduce a bill to reenaot and continue in
operation ceitain acts ibi the relief of insolvent
debtors of the United States.
On motion by Mr. SACKETT, it was
Ordered, That the petitions and paper? of Jacob Kerr
and Adam Garlock, he taken Horn the files of the House,
and that the former he refeired to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and the latter to the Committee on Revolu-
tionaiy Pension^
Mr. HART presented a petition from Samuel
F. Buiterworth; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on rhe Post Oilice and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. KING, of New York., it
was
Ordered, That the petition*? and papers of Ira Baldwin
and Daniel 11. Grander, be taken fioin the file^ of the
House, and that the foniK'r he refeired to th  Committee on
Private Land Claims, and the lattei to the Comlfuttee on
; Invalid Pensions.
Mr. PRiCE presented the petition of Jesse D.
Brown, for balance of claim; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ROBBINS presented the resolution of the
grand inquest for the eastern district of Penn-
sylvania, for the extension of the buildings occu-
pied by the Philadelphia, post-orlice; which was
I referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania,asked theunam-
mous consent of the House to introduce a reso-
lution providing for per diem and mileage to John
i S. Littell, as contestant of the seat of John Rob-
bins, jr., in the Thirty-first Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected; and the
resolution was not received.
Mr. McNAIR presented apetition of sundry
citizens of Delaware county, Pennsylvania, rela-
tive to a modification of the bounty land act of
28th September, 1850; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Leinds.
On motion by Mr. CHANDLER, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files, foj the purpose
of reference to the War Department, the memo-
rial and papers of Mary Ann Beecher.
On motion by Mr. CLINGMAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Fielding G.
Brown be withdrawn trom the files of the House, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. RIDDLE presented a petition from Dela-
ware.
THE PRINTERS' MEMORIAL.
Mr. WALSH presented the memorial of the
Congress of Printers upon the subject of the mode
of giving out the Congress printing, and suggest-
ing that a committee of three practical printers be
authorized to act with a committee of Congress to
fix the proper rates of compensation for the pub-
lic printing, and praying a discrimination in favor
of practical printers in awarding a contract for
printing.
Mr. W. said that the respectable source from
which it came commended it to the attention of
the House.
The memorial having been read,
Mr. WALSH moved that it be referred to a
select committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. WALSH, it was
O/dci ci 7, That the petition and papers of John Gallagher
he taken from the tiles ot the Uou>e, and refeired to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BOWIE presented sundry petitions; which
were appropriately referred.
On motion by Mr. FAULKNER, it was
Ordered, That the petition ami papers of Jacob Thody be
taken from the tiles* of tho House, and lofcircd to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. F. also presented several petitions.
Mr. McMULLIN presented a petition.
ORANGE AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
Mr. STROTHER. I dewiie to introduce a bill,
under leave of the House, of which previous notice
has already been g;iven, for the relief of the Orange
and Alexandria Railroad Company.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. STROTHER. I presume the gentleman
will not object when I tell him that 1 only desire
to intioduce the bill and have it referred to the
appropriate committee. I ask that it be reported
for information.
The bill was then read.
Mr. JONES. I would like very much to ac-
commodate the gentleman, but I will say this to
him, that if the State of Virginia will come here
and ask this Government to pay the $120,000
which she says she has advanced to it, I will vote
to pay it, but I am not going to vote money for
the construction of railroads in that country.
Mr. STROTHER. 1 should be glad if the gen-
tleman would postpone his objections to the bill
until it comes regularly before the House upon
the report of the committee, at which time I hope
to be able to relieve his mind from the difficulties
upon the subject. Of course I shall not go into a
discussion of the question now. If the gentleman
from Tennessee will not withdraw his objection, I
will move that the rules be suspended, m order to
afford mean opportunity to introduce the bill.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order to
move a suspension of the rules for any such pur-
pose except on Mondays.
On motion by Mr. McMULLIN, it was
Ordered, That ihe petition and papers of George W.
Hopkins, of Virtu ma, I"3 withdrawn fiomthe files of the
Hou'-e. and lefenedto the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
| On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia,
j it was
j Ordered. That the petition and papers of Daniel Steenrod
| be withdiawn tiom the files ot the Hoube, and referred to
1 the Committee of Claims.
Mr. McMULLIN gave notice that at some
1 future time he would ask leave to introduce a bill
. appropriating five hundred thousand acres of land
! to the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad.
: Mr. JACKSON presented a memorial from
