1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
execution of it is anticipated. It is to exclude any
such inference, so far as I am concerned, that X
look to so long a period for its completion.
Mr. GW1N. I wish to say for myown State,
that if the General Government, will give to that
Stats what Mr. Whitney asks'; thirty miles on
each side of the road, we will guaranty tcs make
a road seven hundred miles long- to the mouth of
the Gila, or to the northern boundary of our State,
within five years.
The resolution was adopted.
NOTICES OF J3ILLS.
Mr. ATCHISON gave n.otice of his intention
to* ask leave to introduce a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide for the payment for
horses and other property lost or destroyed in the
military service of the United Sates," approved
3d of March, 1849.
Mr. JAMES gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill, relating to the ap-
praisement of merchandise, and to prevent frauds
m the valuation of dutiable imports, and for other
purposes.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
Bill for the relief of John Devlin;
Bill for the relief of Samuel W. Chilson;
Bill for the relief of Nathan Weston, jun.,late
additional paymaster in the United States Army;
Bill for the relief of Richard M. Bouton, George
Wright, and the widow of Marvin W. Fisher;
Bill for the relief of Gideon Hotchkiss;
Bill for the relief of W. R. Nevtns; and a
Bill for the relief of John McAvoy.
PHILO SMITH.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by the hands of Mr. P. B. Hayes,
Chief Clerk, announcing that it had passed a bill
for the relief of Plulo Smith; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
PROTECTION OF NEW MEXICO, ETC.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
provide for the protection of the Territories of
New Mexico, Oregon, and the States of Texas
and California, was read a third time as amended,
and the amendments being concuired in, it was
passed.
LIEUTENANT TEMPLE'S MEMOIR.
Mr. BELL. Some time ago a resolution which
I introduced was laid upon the table, and since that
time resolutions have not been taken up in their
order. I hope that resolution will now be taken up
and acted upon by the Senate. It is not regarded
as a political matter. When it was last before the
Senate, some suggestions were thrown out by
Senators on the other side of the House, that per-
haps it was a political question, but t believe that
that will probably be withdrawn. I move that the
resolution be taken up.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be lequested
to Anm^Ji the Venule '.villi .1 copy of the 'Memoir of the
landing ol the United States Troop* at Vera Ciuz, m 1847:
by Lieutenant YViliiam Gienville Temple, with an Appen-
dn. containing the written Oi dors of Heneial Scott -dud Com-
modore Conner, on hie in the Navy Department.
Mr. WALtCER. I believe that that is a book
which some time ago it was proposed to publish.
When the question was last under consideration,
there was a good deal of discussion in regard to
it; and, if my memory serves me rightly, not a
little feeling too. I must confess, however, that
I have almost forgotten what light was thrown
upon the question by that discussion, and I think
we had better have it repeated. I believe it was
then pretty generally conceded that this was a
kind of pamphlet gotten up by some individual no
doubt sufficiently competent to write a memoir on
this subject; but, so far as my recollection goes, it
was then deemed useless and unnecessary, and
there was a disinclination to publish it. I cannot
see why it should be regarded as more necessary
to publish it now than it was then. For one f
should like to have the information brought before
us again, so that our memories may be refreshed.
Mr. BELL. The gentleman from Wisconsin
is mistaken. These general orders never have
been published.
Mr. WALKER. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee excuse me. I did not say that they
had been published. I said that when the ques-
tion was up before, it was proposed to publish
this pamphlet, or, rather, that the object of the
| resolution seemed to contemplate its publication,
' and that on that account the resolution was laid
upon the table.
Mr. BELL. The proposition is simply stated
in the resolution itself, which is to furnish the
Senate with a copy of this memoir. The sub-
stance of the memoir is principally professional.
.It is m relation to a matter of public interest con-
nected with one of the most splendid achievements
of the late war, and, indeed, it is one of the most
interesting memoirs in our history since the foun-
dation of our Government. The public have 110
means of getting a connected account of that trans-
action, and can only learn its history by searching
a voluminous mass of papers bearing upon the
subject. My object in asking to have the papers
sent to us, was that the information might be pre-
sented in one report, so that the public curiosity
might be gratified. But the main object was that
the professional instruction which the memoir
contains might be rendered more available for the
benefit of military and naval officers, as it may be
to some extent. I believe that the Senate have
scarcely ever refused to pass such a resolution
when it has been offered.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker]
says that there was an objection to printing this
t memoir when the resolution was first presented,
; and that there was a general disposition not to
meddle with it. I do not know upon what au-
thority the Senator says that. Two or three gen-
tlemen then objected on the ground that the pas-
sage of the resolution was laying the foundation
for the publication of a book, in reply to that I
said that the memoir was so brief that it could be
scarcely called a book, even if printed as such. I
understood that the whole of it would not contain
more than about forty pages in manuscript. It
would be unjust to call it a book. I know that
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] objected
strongly, upon the ground that he was opposed
to publishing books of any size. I stated that,
whenever the Senate chose to lay down a rule that
they would publish no reports of any kind, 110
Patent Office reports except those relating to busi-
ness before us, and 110 reports connected with the
military or naval affairs of the country, or com-
mercial or agricultural reports except relating to
business here, 1 would agree to it. Had such
been the general understanding of the Senate, that
no such reports were to be published by order of
the Senate, I would not have offered this resolution.
Again, what is asked now, is not to print it,
but it is merely that we should see that memoir,
and see those general orders. As I have stated
before, we cannot find them without wading
through some fifteen hundred or two thousand
pages of the general operations of the Mexican
war, ill order to find them. The question of
printing is a subsequent one, and, I hope, though
the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] is
looking so much interested in this matter, and so
earnestly, that he is not going to pounce upon it,
as he is not now a member of the Committee on
Printing; and i hope he will not make any objec-
tion in advance.
It is, really, a very small matter. Somegentle-
men supposed, when the resolution was first pre-
sented, that it was designed to have some political
bearing, and to operate in favor of General Scott,
who commanded the land forces on that occasion.
1 suppose those who objected forgot the part
which Commodore Conner took. I have not seen
the orders to which the resolution refers; and,
whether they will redound too much to the credit
of the commanding officer or not, 1 do not know.
I believe that the skill of the commanding general,
in the management of the land forces, is admitted
by all. Commodore Connor may be entitled to
great credit also; but those things did not enter
into my mmd when I offered the resolution. My
object was to have possession of an interesting
portion of history, which gave a condensed view
of that landing, which I have heard lauded highly
by persons who were present, and who under-
stand these subjects better than I do. It has been
stated by them to have been one of the most skill-
ful and successful operations ever effected under
similar circumstances. I hope that the Senate
will a^ree to the resolution, so that we may see ji
the memoir; and when the question of printing
comes up, we can decide whether it is worthy of
being printed or not.
Mr. BORLAND. I really did not intend to say
anything on this subject, for I do not attach much
importance to it; but as the Senator from Tennes-
see seems to think that I am very much interested
in the motion, because I looked at him earnestly
when he was speaking, I must be permitted to say
a word.
The Senator is mistaken in supposing that I
feel any great interest in the question, because I
looked at him earnestly; the fact is, that I felt very
much interested in the eloquent manner in which
the Senator presented the subject to the Senate;
and. it was on that account I looked at the Sen-
ator so earnestly.
Mr. BELL". It was a mistake on my part, I
assure the Senator.
Mr. BORLAND. I take occasion to say, that
everything relative to the subject of this memoir,
so far as the general orders are concerned, must
bealready published and on record, and of course,
accessible to anyone desirous of looking into that
record.
The only thing that can be said on this question
is, that this memoir, or treatise, was written by a
young officer of the Army or Navy—I do not know
which—for the purpose of giving his views relative
to the capture of Vera Cruz. I know nothing
about it myself. I apprehend that it is all that
the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] says it
is—very beautiful, and ably and eloquently writ-
ten; but I suppose that therehave been a hundred,
ay, possibly five hundred, beautiful articles pub-
lished on the same subject. Many of the news-
papers have contained very able articles, and arti-
cles of great interest, on that subject. Nobody,
certainly, admires the great achievement of the
American arms at VeraCruz more than 1 do; arid
can there be any necessity for the Senate now to
adopt this memoir, and publish it as part of the
official proceedings, simply because a young gen-
tleman is rather ambitious to figure in print! If
the Senate should take this coursp, it will open the
door to every young gentleman who is seized with
a like ambition, and who may be anxious to pro-
cure the imprimatur of this body. 1, at least, do
not feel disposed to attach so much importance to
the lucubrations of the author of this memoir, or to
any others of a similar class.
As to the question of printing, I have nothing
to say—that will be a question for the Senate to
determine after the document is sent here in com-
pliance with the resolution of the Senator from
Tennessee; but I will observe that in these elec-
tioneering times, when everything that can affect
the fortunes, or the character, of an aspirant for
j a high public office, is brought forward, and when
we see, not merely accounts of the battles in Mex-
ico in print, but also pictorial representations of
those battles flooding the country, I do think that
it would not be expecting, or requiring too much,
to give such applicants to understand thatthey must
themselves be at the expense of printing and pub-
lishing their treatises.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If there is anything new in
this memoir which has not hitherto been pub-
lished, I desire that it should be brought to light.
I think the whole country feel a general interest—
but particularly at this time—in relation to every-
thing connected with the late Mexican war. I have
understood that there are many things which have
not yet been published, both between the land forces
and the War Department, and the Navy and the
Navy Department, which I should like to see
printed and spread before the country. Corre-
spondence relating to trials, and to armistices, and
to various other matters connected with the land
forces in Mexico, which I have no doubt it would
be gratifying to the public to have laid before
them.
I hope that there will be no impediment thrown
in the way of the passage of this resolution. It
calls for information; let it come; and if that in-
formation, when it does come, confers credit upon
any party, let those who are entitled to the credit
have all the honor. I trust, that so far from any
objection being thrown in the way of this resolu-
tion, we may have a series of resolutions, or this
one so enlarged, as to bring out all other inform-
ation, so that all those who were engaged in the
Mexican war may have all the credit to which
they are entitled. I am proud of their exploits.
