1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
been a great deal of fault somewhere, in taking the
census in that State. It is either the fault of the
law, or those who were bound to execute it. I
will not pretend to say whose the fault was, but
certainly it is at the door of Congress or the Exe-
cutive. Here are abstracts of letters from the cen-
sus agent:
January 30, 1851.—" Tn consequence of the failure of
several ot the deputies first appointed to accept, and their
remote situation, the completion of the census would be de-
layed longer than was expected."
March 1.—" Mr. Johnson states that he lias forwarded
the returns of thirteen counties, and hopes to be able to send
the remainder on the 15th instant."
March, 14.—"Mr. Johnson forwards the returns of two
additional counties, all that he has then received. Owing
to the great cost of living, most of the deputies had been
compelled to resort to other pursuits at intervals, to raise
means to meet their current expenses. This had been a
leading cause of delay; thatis, they bad to go to gold-digging
to get money to pay expenses, and when they resumed their
labors, thousands of gold-diggers not enumerated, had gone
to the enuineiated dKtuct*."
Airril 29 —" Asks for an extension of the period within
which the returns are to be made. He had received from the
various deputies throughout the State, estimates,from which
it appeared that, according to thoir enumeration, the pop-
ulation would be from one hundred and thirty-five to one
hundred and forty thousand; falling short of the actual pop-
ulation, as was believed, fully sixty thousand. The chief
difficulty m obtaining a full enumeration has been this un-
settled condition of the population during the winter. Upon-
consultation with many prominent citizens, he had de-
termined to retake the census, at least to the extentofthose
not previously enumerated. An urgent necessity existed
for more funds to complete the work."
May 14.—" Additional returns are forwarded, and the affi-
davit of Mr. Ilail, deputy for San Francisco, is inclosed,
which sets forth that a portion of the returns which he had
been engaged in copying, were destroyed by fire. Mr. Hall
hopes to be able to supply the loss from his private memo-
randa. The advice of the Department is desired in this case.
The difficulties arising from the smallness of the compensa-
tion, allowed by law, is spoken of. Several accounts of
deputies ate forwarded."
June 13.—" Retaking the census has been commenced.
Additional leturns are forwarded."
September 13.—"Thisletter is in relation to the accounts
of his deputies. No returns had yet been received from
some distncts."
October 14.—" Believes that he has done all that was pos-
sible to perform his duties as required by law, and recapitu-
lates the difficulties he had encountered. Some of his dep-
uties were still delinquent."
November 14.—" Partial returns of three counties are for-
warded, and also certified statements m regard to the fire at
San Franei«co, previously mentioned."
December 13.—" Mr. Johnson states that he has forwarded
the returns, except those lost by fire at San Francisco, m
May, 1P51—of the county and city of San Francisco, and
part of Tuolumne county. That he has a copy of the re-
turns for a part of Butte county, but declines transmitting
the same to the Department on account of its not being
executed in accordance with the law ; but that he has in-
structed the assistant to make a copy in conformity with
the law. He claims it has been no fault of his that these
returns have not been forwarded—that he has fully done
bis duty in this matter; and concludes, 1 if you should con-
ceive, under the mstiuclions of the Secretary, that I have
not, there is but one course for you to pursue. *"
Here we have the statement of the census agent,
that ill the very midst of the business of taking
the census, the agents would get out of money,
and have to lake to other pursuits, in order to pro-
vide themselves with the means of subsistence. It
is well known that the great bulk of the popula-
tion is in the mining districts, where great masses
are continually roving from one set of diggings to
another. It not unfrequently happened that these
deputy marshals would get out of money, and
would go to gold-digging, in order to pay their ex-
penses, and it is ridiculous to say that justice can
be done to the State by taking the population in
that way. Here is the letter of the agent stating
the fact; and yet when he comes forward and asks
for an extension of the time, he is told by the
Secretary of the Interior that the law will not per-
mit it.
The Senator from Louisiana says, there has been
nothing material done within the last year 
Mr. DOWNS. There has been no material
change.
Mr. GWIN. I will bring to the notice of the
Senate one fact which is very material. So con-
vinced was the Secretary of the Interior that there
had been neglect in taking the census of Califor-
nia, that he ordered the district attorney to bring
a suit against the census agent on his bond. The
inaccuracy of these returns was so flagrant and
notorious, that the Secretary, under a sense of
duty to the people of the whole United States, as
well as California, oidered a suit to be brought
against the agent.
Now, sir, has there, in the history of the United
States, ever before been a suit ordered on the word
of a census agent for neglecting to enumerate the
population of a State? And what is the primary
cause of all this inaccuracy ? The difficulty has
arisen from the fact that funds were not furnished
to the census agent to enable him and his assist-
ants to pay their expenses. 1 called on the cen-
sus agent when in California, to ascertain why it
was the census was not accurately taken and com-
pleted, and he complained most bitterly that he
could not go on and take the census without
money, which had not been furnished him by the
Government—that he must have something with
which to pay agents, or he could not have the
census taken. He applied to the department to
furnish him the necessary means, and received in
answer that the department, in sending $5,000 for
that purpose, had exceeded the powers conferred
by the act of Congress. If, however, the depart-
ment had sent $50,000 instead of §5,000, consider-
ing the price of labor and provisions, it would not
have been more than was necessary, and the cen-
sus would have been completed with some ap-
proach to accuracy. The census agent avers that
$5,000 would not cover one-tenth part of the ex-
pense; that while engaged in the duty of taking
the census, the deputies not unfrequently had to
stop to dig gold, or to engage in other occupations,
for want of the requisite funds to enable them to
pursue the business; and one of them is now in
this city, who has received but $200 for his labor,
and has expended over $700 in taking the census
of part of one county. That was his actual out-
lay. He has been paid $200. Here, then, is one
officer who has expended $500 of his own money
in taking the census of part of one county more
than he has yet received from the Government,
besides his labor and time, for which he, as yet,
has received nothing.
The Senator says the population of California
has always been overrated. It is not so easy to
overrate it, because we know what the popula-
tion was when we gained the country; and there
are but few emigrating routes to that country, as
I have shown on one of these emigrating routes,
at a single post, the number of persons who passed
in 1840, was upwards of forty thousand.
Mr. DOWNS. I would like to know how
many have returned ?
Mr. GWIN. Not one by that route.
Mr. DOWNS. It would be well to take into
account those who have returned by any route.
Mr. GWIN. I have not spoken of those who
went by water; when I do so I will also estimate
those who have thus returned. I do not see what
that question has to do with the census of 1850;
for, up to that period, but few persons had returned,
and since that year, five have gone to the country
by sea, for every one that has returned.
Mr. DAVIS. According to my recollection of
the act respecting the enumeration in California,
those were to be enumerated who avowed then-
purpose to settle in California. No others were
to be enumerated.
Mr. GWIN. No, sir. The only question to
be asked under the law was, were you here or did
you start here before .Tune, 1850? As to the pop-
ulation of San Francisco, nothing was known ex-
cept by estimate, for the enumeration, so far as it
was made, was burned up, and the agent only
professed to give the returns in round numbers.
The Legislature of California set all these returns
aside as inaccurate and unreliable, and made an
estimate of its own. That estimate would increase
the number of members of the Legislature very
largely, and consequently the State taxes._ They
had no motive in ascertaining the population, but
to discharge their duty to the State in apportion-
ing the representation according to the actual num-
ber of people in the State.
There is one county in which the number ot
inhabitants is returned by the marshal at 8,351.
When the apportionment bill was under discus-
sion in the Legislature of California, I was pres-
ent; and one of the representatives from that
county stated that its population was over 36,000.
Mr. DOWNS. Why has he not given the re-
turns of the census ?
Mr. GWIN. Because he said they were not
returned correctly; and a new enumeration was
ordered to be made. The Senator asks why the
census of this county, as stated, was not gi\en.
Was it the duty of the people of California to
take the census of the State? They did, however,
in the discharge of a duty to themselves, ha\ e it
taken, as nearly as possible, in order to ascertain
the populatkfti accurately, for their own apportion-
ment. It was the duty of the Government to
make the enumeration, but it has failed to do it;
and 1 say -again, that if such a failure had
occurred in the case of New-York, with her
thirty-four members, instead of California-, with
her two members, isolated and alone asxthat State
is, there would not be a question, for a moment,
with regard to the course to be pursued. This is
a neglect of duty, for which the State of Califor-
nia should not be punished. It was a transaction
in which the State had nothing to do, either In
making the law or in executing it; for the law was
made before the State was admitted into the Union,
and with its execution, as a State, we had nothing
to do.
We have furnished such estimates as it seems
to me should satisfy the mind of every member
of this body. W.e do not wish to contest this
question with South Carolina, although we do
know that if the census returns had been made
correctly we would have a larger fraction than that
State. The census agent says he knows the re-
turns are not accurate, and that they fall short
from thirty-three to fifty per cent, of the actual pop-
ulation. His return must be taken as a whole. If
he ackhowledges he has not enumerated pore than
two thirds of our population, you must take this
as part of his return and give us the advantage of
it. The Senator says if we give California a mem-
ber, Louisiana is entitled to another, as that State
has a larger fraction than ours by the returns. I
do not object to giving Louisiana another member
for her large fraction. As to the magic number of
two hundred and thirty-three, the Senator says
there was an object in fixing that as the number
of Representatives, and it may be dangerous to
disturb it. There is no precedent violated by add-
ing another member to the House. "This is the
first time the number of its members has been
fixed in advance of taking the census, and there
is no danger in adding another member if thereby
you avoid doing injustice to one of the States of
the Confederacy. Look at California for the future.
You propose to limit that State to one Represent-
ative for ten years to come. What will be her
population at the end of that time? I have no
doubt, when the next apportionment is made, her
population will be greater than that of the Sena-
tor's own State of Louisiana. As to the magic
number of two hundred and thirty-three, I have
very little respect for it. I am not opposed to the
Senator's having another member for his State,
since she has so large a fraction; but I must op-
pose his proposition to reduce the representation
of California, and to deprive her of one member
because her census has not been taken accurately
and correctly. To do so would be an act of gross
injustice.
Mr. SEWARD. I would ask the Senator from
California, whether there is any statement or doc-
umentary evidence of the estimate of the popula-
ton adopted by the Legislature of that State? I
wish to know what are the facts as acted on by
the State ?
Mr. GWIN. I have a statement in an official
report made by the joint committee to the Legisla-
ture. I had it before the Committee on the.Tuuicia-
ry, where I left it. In that report it is shown that
the two Houses of the Legislature instituted an
examination of the subject, and satisfactorily as-
certained that the population exceeded 300,000:
This is the basis on which their apportionment
was made.
Mr. SEWARD. I would like to know whether
the Legislature of California apportioned the rep-
resentation for the Legislature upon that basis?
Mr. GWIN. They did.
Mr. DOWNS. Tne State of California acted
in that matter, as the Senator shows, on estimates,
and not on facts. I have not the report of the Cal-
ifornia committee on apportionment before me;
but it appears to me that they go on the assump-
tion that the population would number 300,000.
1 have looked through the proceedings of the Legis-
lature of that State with some care, to see if I could
find a fact—not an estimate, but a fact, but I could
not find a trace of one anywhere in regard to the
number of the population.
Mr. GWIN What motive could the joint com-
mittee of the two Houses of the Legislature have
in making the population larger than lt-actually
| was? They were seeking the truth from every
source of information within their power; and to
