1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1835.
I wish to have all their gallant deeds thrown be-
fore the country—that we may have published all
the secret history of that war, so that we may
know exactly who is entitled to credit, and how
much there is of it.
Mr. MASON I would inquire of the Senator
from Tennessee, whether tins memoir is in the
form of an official communication made by an offi-
cer of the Navy to the Navy Department ? If it
he in that form, I shall have pleasure in having it
published, but if it be in the form of a private me-
moir, with the reluctance which 1 have of appear-
ing to countenance this publication of books or
pamphlets by the Senate, I should have no hesita-
tion m voting against the motion.
Mr. BELL. I presumeit cannothave the char-
acter of an official communication, because in such
case it would be made by the Command ei'-in-Ciuef
of the Army, or of the Navy, as the case mi ht
be, to the War or Navy Department. But this is
a connected narrative of facts, and not one of his-
toric or private comment, as the Senator from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Borland] seems to suppose; and
only connects the several instances and subjects
of the transaction. No official report of an officer
of the Army, or Navy, would go into a narrative
of these incidents. For this purpose, as it is de-
sirable that a continuous and brief narrative of this
important operation should be published, and ns
it is impossible that any person can now obtain
any knowledge of it, except by wading through
some two thousand pages of official dispatches,
this memoir has been drawn up. That is its sole
object, and of course, therefore, it cannot be looked
on as an official communication.
Mr. MASON. I take it for granted that this is
a private paper which this gentleman has lodged in
the Navy Department, as he might lodge it any-
where else, entirely subject to his own control,
and which might be published by himself or any
one else. Now, my objection to the resolution
arises not from the nature of the subject at all,
but from the fact of this memoir being a private
paper; for this reason, I think the Senate ought
not to be called on to publish it, or any papers of
a similar character.
Mr. BORLAND. I will simply remark, as to
the nature of the resolution, that I do not know
that it is intended to have any ulterior elfecton the
election of a President; but, as the Senator from
Tennessee thinks it so very important that we
should have some publication relative to the war
in Mexico, I will suggest to him the propriety of
appointing a historiographer of that war, and let
him prepare and present a condensed history, not
of the capture of Vera Cruz alone, but of the
whole war.
The Senator says, that the documents already
published containing this information are too vo-
luminous, and that the great merit of this memoir
consists in the iactof its being acontmuoiis narra-
tive ! Well, let the historiographer condense these
documents and give a continuous narrative, in-
cluding all the leading events of the war; and such
a work will be infinitely superior to the memoir
which the Senator proposes that we should pub-
lish.
We know that it has been said that the opera- ]
tions from Vera Cruz to the city of Mexico, all
constituted parts of one series of operations; all
belonged to one plan; and I wi'l again suggest to
the Senator that, if his object is to give a condensed
view of one of those operations m that series, it
cannot be understood properly, except we have it
in its connection, as apart of the whole; and there-
fore we ought to provide for the publication of the
whole, if he deems that object to be sufficiently
important, and will modify his resolution, so as
to provide for the appointment of a gentleman
competent to write the history of the whole war,
I will vo'e with him.
Mr. BELL. The Senator knows very well
that I have no such object in view, and I doubt
now whether the honorable Senator would really
vote for such a proposition if presented. This is
an isolated transaction in part—one not calculated
to attract public attention as other brilliant achieve-
ments might do. There was no rencounter with
the enemy on that occasion. Nevertheless, I have
heard the landing of the troops at Vera Cruz, un-
der the circumstances, spoken of as an achieve-
ment which was and is considered by professional
military men as an achievement worthy of spe-
cial and separate notice; and it was this opinion.
expressed by several gentlemen who had seen the
memoir, that induced me to offer this resolution
to the consideration of the Senate. 1 had never
dreamed that any gentleman would suppose it to
have any political object or purpose whatever.
The resolution is such as I thought I had a right
to suppose, from the general feeling and spirit of
this body, would meet with favor here. 1 thought,
when a suggestion was made to bring to notice a
particular tiansaction, of which there was no nar- !
rative before the country, which was so brief as
this , and not containing sentiments or opinions,
but simply giving a connected history of the or-
ders and the circumstances attending the landing;
that not only the officers of the Army and of the
Navy, but the whole country, would like to see
the history of that achievement. I supposed there j
was a feeling of patriotism strong enough in the
Senate to like to see it, and I did not think of,
rousing any feeling of political jealousy, or that j
the matter would redound to the particular ad van t- '
age of General Scott or of Commodore Conner.
I thought that when we had expended many thou-
sands of dollars for publications as little author-
ized by the Constitution and as little connected
with our duties here as this paper, there could be
no objection to seeing it. Sir, I think it is very
likely that gentlemen of sufficient industry, and
those who take interest enough in the matter to
do it, may glean from the voluminous documents
which contain the details of that war the several
incidents connected with the landing, but they are j
not to be found in the condensed form in which :
they appear in the memoir of Mr. Temple.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 am not aware that the
Senate has ordered public reports to be brought
before them, except those connected with some of
the public offices.
Mr. BELL. 1 do not know whether any of
precisely this description have been made; but
reports of public utility are frequently called for
and published. We have compendium® of laws,
and for vauous purposes, and we had a propo-
sition this morning for a compendium of laws
connected with our commercial regulations, and |
which might be said to be of some practical use.
But this resolution does not relate to a matter of
sufficient importance, that I should stand here and j
urge the propriety or impropriety of publishing '
these forty pages of a condensed narrative, relat-
ing to the landing at Vera Cruz. 1 merely ask
that the vote may be taken, and if Senators think
it ought not to be published, let them say so. I
will merely say, that it is a paper filed in the Navy
Department, one which those who have examined
it think should be published; that it is a narrative
artistic and professional in its nature, and one
which might be useful to our Army and Navy
herenfter; and in view of the public interest gen-
erally, it is just as important as those other com-
pendiums to which 1 have referred, which have
been published.
Mr. HUNTER. I was about to ask to take
up the deficiency bill, which has come back from
U*e House with a disagreement to one of our
amendments.
Mr. BELL. I hope the vote may be taken on
this resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate are prepared to
vote, I have no objection.
Mr. GWIN. 1 move to lay it on the table,
with a view to go into Executive session.
Mr. BELL. I hope it may be postponed, and
come up in its order as unfinished business.
Mjf. GWIN. I will move, then, to postpone
the consideration of this resolution till to-morrow,
for the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of Executive business.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The message before alluded to had been re-
ceived from the House of Representatives, by the
hands of Mr. P. B. Hayes, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncingthatthe House had receded from so much
of its amendment to the twelfth amendment of the
Seriate to the bill to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1852, as had been disagreed
to°by the Senate; that it had receded from its
amendment to the fourteenth amendment of the
Senate: that it had receded from its disagreement
to the Senate's eighteenth amendment; that it had
agreed to the first amendment of the Senate to the
amendment of the House to- the Senate's twenty-
fifth amendment; and that it had disagreed to the ,
Senate's second amendment to the amendment of
the House to the Senate's twenty-fifth amendment
to the sai4 bill.
The only remaining amendment in controversy
was in these words, which the Senate proceeded
to consider: ' ' "
(i For per diem compensation and mileage of Senators,
Members of the House ot' Representatives, and Delegates.
§50,000. 
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendment. And if the Senate concur in
that motion, 1 shall ask for a committee of con-
ference. Before the question is taken, however,
on that motion 1 hope I shall be indulged in.a
word or two of explanation. I am convinced that
the House of Representatives disagreed to the
Senate's amendment because they did not under-
stand it. it was supposed that this amendment
was designed to cover the money taken for mile-
age at the last called session of the Senate. It
was also supposed that by voting down this amend-
ment they could defeat the practice which has
hitherto prevailed of claiming and receiving mile-
age in such cases. The House of Represent-
atives, however, is mistaken to some extent as to
the first supposition, and, I think, entirely as to
the second.
This amendment is for $50,000 to cover a defi-
ciency; and the whole amount of mileage takeni
for the last called session, to which reference has
been made, will not exceed $40,000 or $41,000.
The deficiency therefore was not caused entirely
by the mileage of that session. I presume that
the House of Representatives designed to deprive
the Senate of mileage for that session; but if that
were the design they would utterly fail by this
means to accomplish their object. The money
was taken more than a year ago. It was taken
according to law; it was taken according to the
decision of those appointed by the law to decide
on that matter; it was taken according to the
opinion of the Attorney General; and the accounts
of the disbursing agent who paid it have passed
the proper accounting department. The money,
then, which was thus taken is legally vested m
those who have taken it. There is no action
which the Senate or House of Representatives
could take, or which the whole Government could
take, which could divest those Senators of their
property in that amount.
But, sir, apart from that, the effect of defeating
this appropriation would be, to deprive Senators
of their per diem allowance; and if the House in-
tend to insist on what they have done, the effect
will be to deprive us hereafter of that allowance;
because if the Senate is to be deprived of pay and
mileage until this money is restored, they can
never receive either, for it is impossible by any
action which they couldtake, either on this amend-
ment or any other bill, that they can deprive Sen-
ators of property which the law has vested in
them. Again, sir, this deficiency arises not from
that source alone, but from other causes. It is
well known that several Senators have come here
to supply vacancies, and that they, of course, are
entitled to their mileage.
These have been the causes which have created
this deficiency; and unless this amendment is
agreed to there will be no money to pay to Sena-
tors their per diem allowance; for I understand that
the money m the hands of the Secretary for that
purpose is nearly exhausted. The effect, then, of
refusing this amendment will not be to deprive
Senators of the mileage for the called session, but
to stop their daily compensation for services which
they are now rendering, and to refuse the mileage
of those who have been recently appointed. I
think, therefore, when the House comes to under-
stand the matter fully, they-will probably recede
from their amendment.
I will further take occasion to say here, that I
think it would be dangerous for either House to
interfere with, the personal conduct of members of
the other. Suppose, sir, that we were disposed to
carry on such a war, could we not retaliate? There
is a iaw, I believe, which forbids any member from
receiving his pay except on those (fays on which
he is actually m attendance. We know very well
that this rule is not observed; and suppose that,
with this knowledge, we were to move to cut down
the appiopnation for their pay, upon the plea that
much of it was for time when they were absent
