60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 11,
we have been at war, and the State or Territory to which i
■said tribes or nations belonged while at war with the United ,
States; and also, the whole expenditures ot the General ■
Government since the yeai 1789 among the Indians for all I
other purposes, designating the amount of expense in each ,
-State and Territory. Also, the amount of money furnished
for sick and disabled seamen m each State since 1789, and
the amount of pensions and land warrants granted to citi-
zens of each State since the year 1789 aforesaid.
Mr. JONES. The departments, with the aid
of fifty clerks, could not furnish that information
by the end of this session. He therefore objected,
and
The resolution was not received.
KOSSUTH AGAIN.
Mr. DOTY asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce a joint resolution, of which
previous notice had been given, tendering a welcome
to Louis Kossuth, and making an appropriation
to defray the expenses, under the direction of the
President of the United States.
Mr. ORR objected; and the resolution was not
introduced.
Mr. DURKEE presented a petition; which was
appropriately referred
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill, of which previous notice had been given,
entitled " A bill amendatory of the act entitled
* An act to provide for the holding of the courts of
the United States in cases of sickness or other dis-
ability of the judges of the district courts,' ap-
proved July 29, 1850;"which was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to refer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES. I insist upon the enforcement of
the rule,, and that is to call through the States for
petitions. Gentlemen whose States have been
passed, cannot go back and bring up their cases
<igai n.
The SPEAKER. The bill just read was re-
ceived by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES. It was objected to over here.
The SPEAKER. TheChair did not hear any
objections.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. SIHLEY asked the unanimous consent of;
the House to introduce a resolution calling upon
the Secretary of War for information of a local |
character.
Objection was made, and the resolution was not
received.
Mr, JONES. I move that the House now ad-
journ. ;
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman to I
withdraw his motion, in order that the message !
upon the Speaker's table may be taken up. j
Mr. JONES. That would not be in order. The j
call of the States for resolutions would be the next I
business in order. ;
The question was taken, and the House then j
adjourned. j
NOTICES OF MLLS. 1
Rv Mr IIENN • A lull to revive and continue in force '
the provisions of an act entitled iCAn act granting five }
yeart^ half pay to certain widows, and orphans of officers, |
lion rommi-wnicd officers, musicians, and private-*, both
leguhusand volunteer," appioved Febiuary 2-2, 18 J9. '
B_\ Mr. BISSKLL : A bill making a grant of land to the j
eial Slater of the Union, ioi the benefit of the insane. :
Rv Mr HV VNS: A bill to amend an act entitled uAn act i
for the punishment of ciunes 111 the District of Columbia." ;
PF/TITIO.YS, &c. j
The following petitions, meinouals, &c\, were presented j
untie i thu mle/and ieteu< d to the appiopuafe committees: i
Bv Mr. BillGGS: The peUtion oi Mathews Wood & [
Ha.lL for compensation for Io-m^ jncuired in building the j
cdfttom-house at New Voik. oivin? to the tailuie of the ,
Government to comply with the>r part of the contract. See.
By Mi. AfKKN : A petition to change the name of the
Swedish brig Ulrica to that of Euwan, and for a register.
On motion of Mr. AIKEN, it was ;
On'.cre<That the petition arid papers of Capt. John 15a-
ket Roger* be takenfiom the files, and referred to the Com- 1
mittee of Wave and Means.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of James ?>. Moore.
T«iael Lavvience, Hcnrv D. Goodman of Ohio, and John
II. Dtehl of Pennsylvania, and their associate*, asking the
Guveriuncnt to enable them to establish a resiuhu hue of
mail steamers from California, or Oregon, to China.
B> Mr. TUCK : The petition of W. II. Y. Racket, Rob- j
ert Rice, and others prajmg for the erection of beacons 1
and buovs in the hatbor of Poitemouth. New Hampshire.
Bv HENRY D. MOORE: The memorial of Horatio N\ 1
Crabb, praying for allowances withheld by the accounting I
olllceis of the Treasury.
Also, the memorial of Bernard Ilenry, praying for the
payment of a balance due him from the Government of
the United States. 5
By Mr. BRAGG : The petition of Hugh W. Wormley,
praying for a pension. j
Also, the petition of Gilbeit C. Russell, praying for the :
payment of damages for the breach of a contract by the 1
Government, and seizure of property. !
By Mr. RIDDLE: The memorial of sundry citizens of j
Delaware, praying for an appropriation to establish certain |
buoys in the Delaware Bay. !
By Mr. ALLISON : The petition of Robert Milhgan, of j
Washington county, Pennsylvania, a soldier of the war of i
1812, for an increase of pension. j
By Mr. WILLIAMS : The petition of Robert L. Ganis; j
also, the petition of James S. Mitchell, one of the volun- :
teers, piaying Congress to so change the. late Bounty Land ;
law, that a meritorious class of volunteers may be provided j
for. i
Also, the petition of Hugh W. Wormley, prajmg foi a ;
pension; also, the petition of the heirs of Ilobeit Henry
Dyer, piaying for a pension on account of his services dur-
ing the war with Great Britain ; also, the petition of John
II. B. Rolls, praying compensation for a lior e and saddle
converted to the public service in the Florida war.
By Mr. SCHEKMERIIORN: The petition of Amos
Knapp, praying foi a pension ; als-o, the petition of Gcoige
S. Clafhn, praying for a pension; also, the petition of David .
Bell, praying foi the payment ot his share of the pension !
gianted to the heirs of Jes>e Bell, deceased. I
By Mi. FLORENCE: The petition ot William II. Top- j
pine, for sei vices a^ Secretary to the Commission appointed t
to investigate the affairs of the New Yoik Custom-House. ;
By Mr. MEAOHAM: The petition of ffeniy McLaugh- i
hn ;* also, ofllauy lialgato, of Milton, Vermont. ;
By Mr. WALSH : The memorial of Samuel Collins, of :
Baltimore, in relation to Mexican indemnity; also, tne j
memorial of Dawson Phcnix, a parsed midshipman m the j
United States Navy, piajing the reimbursement of certain '
traveling expenses incurred by hnn. j
By Mi. WASHBURN: The petition of Araliam Pettin-
gill (or pens-ion from September, 1834, to December, 1850.
Also, the petition of Khza Merril, widow of James Mer-
ril, for arrears ot pension.
By Mi. SCUDDER: The petition of Seth Crowell, and
others, for a bieakwater at Dennis, Massachusetts.
Oil motion by Mr. Bnggs, it was
Ordered, That the papers relating to tlte establishment of
a Mint m the city of New York be withdrawn from the files
of the House, and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. BROOKS presented a memorial from the
Industrial Congress of New York, remonstrating
against proposed amendments to the bounty land
bill, the reading of winch was as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representatives
in Congress assembled:
The undersigned respectfully represent • That they were j
appointed a committee of the Industrial Congiess of New
York, to mcmonaliKC your honorable bodies against any
amendment oi the ni" t recent bounty land act, passed at
the session of M9-\">0, giving to the soldicis of the wars ot
our country certain quantities of land, upon conditions of a
peisnnal ami bona fide entiy of their claims, unless so to
amend such act as to make moie stungent its provisions
and lender absolute settlement and improvement of their
grants a condition pieccdentto a title from Government;
ot, in the event such conditions might become oneious to
some fairly entitled to the consideration of the people and
the beneficence of Government, the substitution of a money
bounty m heu of land, would, in the estimation of your
memoiialists, meet both the appiobation of the people and
the merits of the case, and furnish no cause of censure ex-
cept to that class of men that m every country speculate
upon the necessities of the race, and deliberately foieeast
the increase of population and the demand for land likely
to acciue from such increase withm a given penod, and
then, as dehbeiately antedate it=- pooess-ion, with a view to
enueh themselves at the e.vpense of the people, while scat-
tcung them over tenfold the area ofgiound they can profit-
ably impiovr, cither foi then individual benefit oi the wcl-
faie or the community in which they may reside, or of the
country at huge ; while the} at the same time withhold
from sale all choice locations, all mine<, streams, the best
land, the toiests, coal-beds, and eveiy spot hkelv to become
the future sites of commercial marts, with a view still fur-
thei to rendei tnbutaiy to tliein those whom necessity dnves
to the outsknts of civilization for bread and employment,
or for the means to attain that independence of position
which constitutes the aim and the worthiness of the Demo-
cratic citizen and the progiess of the age.
Your mcmouAlists concoivc the rights of every citizen
aie intrinced upon, where the lands of a country are lm
piovidentlv Mild to those who seek them not for personal
ine and occupation, and that the duly of all Governments
to the people which they represent, is to pievent the accu-
mulation of *oil m the hands of a few, by any and all mean->
m their powei.and much more mav the\ claim at the hands
oi'their Government that wise and humane forethousrhted-
ucss that shall leave no excuse to the citizen for holding in
contempt the laws and institutions he is presumed to under-
stand, and to have himself cieated or consented to.
The parent or trustee of an estate that should eo manage
lu-5 trust as to give to. or permit a few of its heirs to monop-
olize its benefits, to the exclusion of the vastly laigei body
of those entitled to the inhentanee, oi that would blindly
cucumber such estate by anticipating its revenues to squan-
der upon favorites, or m illusory speculations and expecta-
tions of the future, law, justice, and common sense would
equally condemn and subject to punishment or public cen-
sure, and vour memorialists conceiving the relation your
honorable bodies beai to the people and to them, the same
jn essence as that which constitutes the parent and trustee,
would claim at your bands, for the benefit of the race, and
of the Ameiifan people especially, such laws m relation to
the future disposal of the public lands of our country as
shall most tend to compact setdeiiientfe of the people upon
them and facilitate the establishment of common schools,
canals, roads, and every other desirable improvement of
the ages present and prospective—a result that cannot be
reached and that seems not to be desired by those who would
throw open to speculators lands ostensibly devoted to the
pavment of the soldier tor services tendered to the country,
while deeply infringing the rights of otheisand the public
interest.
Your memorialists, in conclusion, would observe that the
public mind is ripe for the occasion and opportunity to
settle the unsold lands of the Union. That the spirit which
animated our fathers of the Revolution has revived from the
exhaustion of that and the later wars of the Republic, and
under the better educational auspices of the times, is deter-
mined to conquer its liberties anew, and wrest from the
grasp of monopoly and money, (which should at all times
be the servant, not matter of the people,) that which our
fathers denied to thelaws of pumogeniture and entail. Nor
would your memorialists omit to observe, that the convic-
tion of the public ramd is against the principle of granting
bounty lands alone to the soldiers, not because they are not
the soldier's due, but because he seldom leaps but a moiety
of the benefit intended by such grants, and because the man
of honest toil, upon whom the burdens and expenses of all
wars mainly fall, is denied an equal claim to reward and
the world's esteem, by the distinction raised in the prefer-
ence given to the men bearing arms only. The public lands,
acquired as they are by imposts upon, and by the toils of
the people, should cease to be the spoit of chance and the
property of those who make the soldier's meiits the pre-
tence for their avarice and predetennined intention to hold
in subjection to their aggtandizement the labors and increase
ot the population of the country; and the Government that
tolerates and tlie people thatsubnut to that invasion of their
lights, and that neglect of duty which springs from a mo-
nopoly of land, however produced, can have neither a just
claim to the title of democratic, nor be entitled to the ap-
plause of history or of mankind- Your memorialists, there-
tore, solicit that no change be made in our existing bounty
land laws, tending to inciease speculation in the public
lauds.
WM J.YOUNG,)
BENJ. PRICE, > Com. hid. Congress.
JAS. HIBSON, )
Industrial Congress, New York, Dec. 6,1851.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 11, 1851.
Prayer by Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. Bradbury, of Maine, appeared in his seat.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted additional documents
in relation to the petition of Hugh W, Dobbin;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of Richard M. Johnson, pl-aying remuneration for
losses sustained by him in consequence of his im-
pressment into the service of the United States, as
a pilot, m the late war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MILLER presented the memorial of Wil-
liam A. Duer, administrator of William Duer,
deceasecf, praying the payment of a balance due
• to the estate of the deceased, on a contract for sup-
plying rations to the army under General St.
Clair, in the year 1791; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of George
Talcott, late of the Army of the United States,
complaining that injustice has been done him in
the sentence of a court-martial, by which he waa
dismissed the service, and praying that the Senate
will investigate the proceedings of the court before
acting on the nomination of the person appointed
in his place.
Mr. F, said that he doubted whether the memo-
rial should be presented in executive or open ses-
sion, but on consultation with older Senators, he
was advised that the latter was probably the best
mode of presentation. He asked that it be laid
on the table, without reference for the present;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Fort Winnebago, Wisconsin, praying a
grant to the. State of Wisconsin of the military
reservation at Fort Winnebago, to aid in the im-
provement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
New Hampshire, praying tne establishment of a
mail route from Pittsfield to Farmington Dock, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication of Aaron H. Palmer, ac-
companied by a description of the colonial depend-
encies of Japan, with a plan for opening that
empire to the commerce of the United States.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, moved that the commu-
nication be referred to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT. If a motion to print is
made, it goes to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. GWIN said it was a matter of considerable
