1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97S
ask him a question ? Did the Senator say that he
had any returns furnished by one of the Represent-
atives from California?
Mr. BRADBURY. I stated that one of the
Representatives from California appeared before
the Committee 011 the Judiciary, and communi-
cated information in his possession; and that one
of them reduced his information to writing. X
will read an extract from it, for the information of
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire, that
we may see what the gentleman says in reference
10 one county:
"I will give you my estimates of a few counties in the
northern part of the State—counties with which I am per-
fectly familiar, and in winch I ilaveiesided for the last two
I ears and a half.
" Tile county of Shasta 1- returned hy the commissioners
as having a population of three hundred and seventy-eight.
There art: in tin. count} four settlements of miners, each of
which contains a larger population than the comims^ioneia
have returned !'or the whole county.
'•The population ol fcliasra county I estimate at six thou-
sand on the first (lav of June, 1850."
That is on extract fiom the communication ad-
dressed by one of the Representatives of California
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Senator from Louisiana says that the Cal-
ifornia Legislature went on an estimate. I would
ask whether they had not better grounds for form-
ing an estimate there than we can possibly have
in the Senate? And I submit to the Senate whether,
when a gentleman gives such information as Mr.
McCorkle does in regard to several counties with
which he is intimately accjuainted, and the returns
from which he shows to be grossly inaccurate—
whether it is not sometimes worse than an esti-
mate for us to assume that those returns are cor-
rect? That the Senate may be in possession of
the data on which to form an opinion, 1 beg leave
to state that the fraction for which South Carolina
is to receive an additional Representative is 47,417:
that these imperfect returns give California, after
allowing her one Representative, a fraction of
almost 24,000; and if you take the statement of
the census agent that the returns are so inaccurate
that they fall short of the actual population from
thirty-three to fifty per cent., the result is as fol-
lows: If you increase them thirty-three per cent.,
that will give California a fraction of 61,333. If
you increase them fifty per cent., it will give a
fraction of 82,650. Well, take the returns as you
have them, coupled with the impeachment that
comes with them, and California would hsve a
fraction of 61,333 by an increase of thirty-three
per cent., or of 82,650 by an increase of fifty per
cent.; yet South Carolina is to have a Representa-
tive on a fraction of 47,413 !
The Senator from Louisiana alludes to the fact
that the returns were found to be incorrect a year
ago, and that as yet no additional returns had
been made. That should not prejudice the skate,
it was not the duty of that State to make the re-
turns. The State had a right to expect that they
would be made by the Federal Government. The
census agents were not the officers of the State
government, but of the Federal Government, and
California, as a State, had no control over their ac-
tion. As the fault was not attributable to the
State, it would be unjust to deprive her of her just
representation for a fault not her own.
Perhaps I ought to state that the Committee on
the Judiciary were equally divided on the question
of allowing California to retain her present repre-
sentation. Two of the committee were of opinion
that one of her present number should be cut oft';
two were of opinion that she ought to retain her
present representation, notwithstanding the imper-
fect and inaccurate census returns.
Mr. SEWARD. I was inclined, in the first
place, to look with disfavor upon the proposition
to amend this bill so as to allow California a
second Representative; but, upon examining the
report of the committee, my mind has gone to the
other conclusion. I will state the principal facts
and considerations which seem to nie to control
the question. That California is entitled, like
every other State in the Union, to representation
in proportion to her population, is what no one
will deny; that it is the office and duty of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to ascertain the rep-
sentative population, is equally unquestionable.
They have undertaken to do so; and while that
duty was being performed, California necessarily
was passive. The census has been taken; it is a
nominal compliance with the requisition of the
Constitution. It is not a full compliance, if the
| census be radically wrong, erroneous, and false.
' In that case there is no census of California. To
1 make that point clear, I have only to suppose the
' case, that, in the reports of the census there might
be such ail omission, by some merely arithmetical
\ error, as to reduce the population of California
i from 117,000 to 10,000, or 12,000. Surely, there
i would then be no census of California.
1 The next consideration, then, is, whether there
i is such a radical and great error in the census in
j regard to California as to vitiate the returns as a
! census ? I think that is very apparent prima facie.
| We are told that the census of California, with all
the corrections of a majority of the committee, fix j
| the population of that State as being only 117,821
j souls—men, women, and children, of all classes
' and conditions. Well, I might say that we, his-
j torically, know that this result cannot be true,
i The State of California has paid, in duties, into the
I Treasury, during the last year, §3,000,000. There
j are no 117,000 persons in the United States, pro-
| miscuously collected together, who pay any such
| sum of revenue. The population of California
I export (annually) $5,000,000 of gold.
Mr. GWIN. Monthly.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 thought I said monthly.
The population of California monthly export five
millions of gold, that is, sixty millions a year.
There are no one hundred and seventy thousand
people on the face of this earth, with all the facil-
ties to be obtained, who can procure from the
earth, prepare, exchange, and send abroad, sixty
millions of bullion per annum. It is apparent,
then, that there is a radical defect in the census,
and that; it is not merely incorrect, but that it is so
vicious that it is no census at all.
.Now, what appears prima facie is corroborated
by testimony which has been taken by the com-
mittee. It derives strong support from the circum-
stance, that when this question became very mate-
rial on the admission of California, the population
of the State was then estimated at one hundred
and seven thousand. Since that time, there has
been a lapse of eighteen months, I think—nearly
two years—with a continual increase of popula-
tion, as proved, not merely by emigration to the
State, but by the consumption of mercandise, by
the duties paid, and by the rapidly-augmenting
exports of productions, It is testified to by the
Representatives of the State.
Well, then, it being clear that we have a vicious
census, the question is, whether we have the ma-
terials by which we can correct it? Upon that
point my mind has wavered most; it is, whether
the evidence we have is sufficient to enable us to
say, that the population is now two hundred thou-
sand in fact, instead of one hundred and seventeen
thousand, as it is put by the census. On that
subject, it seems to me we have what, under all
the circumsrances, ought to be satisfactory to us;
that is, the action of the Legislature of California.
That Lesislature had (he responsibility of appor-
tioning the representation in the Legislature, and
the taxes among the people of the State, and
among the different counties and districts of the
State; that is to say, they have had to perform
precisely the same duty we have had, for a differ-
ent object, for a different purpose. They have
had to ascertain precisely the same fact, with no
motive, that we can conceive, to mislead them—
certainly without any expectation, on their part,
that their action was to be adopted by us, or to
conclude us. They have assumed three hundred
thousand, as the population of that State. They
had an opportunity to know better than we. They
had no motive to mislead them. They did decide;
1 they decided under official responsibility. It is
' true it is their act, not ours. We are not con-
j eluded by it; but 1 do not sec how we can refuse
i to take their action as being a fair guide for our-
I selves, when we ourselves have neglected to as-
I certain the fact, the responsibility resting with us,
: or, having undertaken to ascertain it, we have
j failed to do so, owing to circumstances which ren-
i dered it impossible.
I These considerations lead niy mind to the con-
! elusion, that it is but justandfairtoallow California
the additional Representative which is proposed
by the amendment under consideration.
There is one other question—-whether we can do
so consistently with the Constitution of the United
States? Upon that point, I haveonly this to say,
that the census contemplated by the Constitution
! of the United States is .a census that is not so |
radically vicious as to be no census. We have
taken a census; it is incorrect; it is erroneous; we
must cause it to be corrected before it will be the,
census which the Constitution of theUnited States *
prescribes; otherwise, we shall be at sea in a case
of greater magnitude hereafter. It may happen
sometimes that the State of Pennsylvania, by
erroneous returns, by erroneous enumeration, or
by erroneous addition of the figures in the columns
of the census, may be returned as having a pop-
ulation of only 100,000 or 200,0001 Certainly -
such a census as that would not bind- the Govern-
ment of the United States, or conclude Pennsyl-'
vania. It must be corrected somehow; it must be
corrected here, and nowhere else. We have, then,
I think, the power to correct it, and it is our duty
to collect the materials by which to correct it.
Having done this, I think we are bound to allow
to California the benefit of correction, which is an
additional member to that State.
Mr. PRATT. If I concede, with the Senator
who has just taken his seat, and others who have
occupied the same side of this question, that the
Congress of the United States has the power to
do what this amendment proposes it should do, I
might vote with my friend from California; hut
when I look at the Constitution, and find that it
says that representation shall be based upon -the
actual enumeration of the inhabitants of each
State, I cannot go beyond the Constitution to look,
at the estimates of any body, for the purpose of
ascertaining a different basis of representation from
that which is prescribed. The language of the Con-
stitution is plain, that the representation shall be
based upon the actual enumeration. Is there not
an actual enumeration in this case ? The Senator
from California says there is not. If that is so,
we have no power to giye to California the Rep-
resentative which is asked for by this amendment.
We are required strictly, by the letter of the Con-
stitution, to give representation according to the
actual enumeration. Now, if there has been no
actual enumeration made, we have no power over
the subject. We have no other power than to do
as the committee have done—give the represent-
ation to which, under the Constitution, each State
is entitled in the absence of any regular enumera-
tion. This is the view which 1 have; and, there-
fore, as I conceive, I have no power to travel
beyond the Constitution for the purpose of giving
an additional Representative to this State; however
inaccurate the enumeration may be, I cannot vote
for the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I listened to the remarks of the
Senator from New York, and they led me to this
difficulty: the Senator thinks that we have suffi-
cient data for correcting this erroneous return; but
then he does not propose to correct it. He pro-
poses to give to California a Representative with-
out the return; but ho<? does that leave the other
States ? It does injustice to every other State in
the Union; because the amendment still gives to
South Carolina a Representative to which she is
not entitled by the enumeration. If you proceed
to allow to California an additional Representa-
tive, upon the ground that here is a difficulty—a
vicious census, and that we have data enough be-
fore us to correct it—then what becomes of the
South Carolina Representative? If California is
entitled to another Representative, South Carolina
is not entitled to the number which she will have
under this amendment. You give South Carolina,
without any pretense that there has been a mistake
or a vicious census, a greater representation upon
the floor of the other House than she is entitled to
by the actual enumeration, and thus you do in-
justice to every other State m the Union; because
'while you apportion the Representatives to every
State according to the actual enumeration under
the Constitution, you give to South Carolina a
Representative to which she is not entitled.
Now I would ask the honorable Senator from
New York how he justifies that under the Consti-
tution ? I am saying nothing about its operation
in California. If there is data by which you can
correct the census, then stick to the census, and
take a Representative away from South Carolina.
If you adopr this amendment, upon the ground
assumed by the Senator from New York, that you
have data enough to correct the_ census of Cali-
fornia, you then apply a constitutional provis-
ion to all the States of the Union, except South
Carolina, and arbitrarily give to her a Represent-
ative to which she is not entitled under the Con-
