1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
the right to build their road at the public expense,
with the timber of the public for fifty or one hun-
dred miles, although they mayrun but ten miles
through the public lands. It will then read:
"That the said company or companies shall have the
right to take from the public lands in the vicinity of said
road or roads, all such materials of earth, stone, and wood,
as may be necessary or convenient, from time to time, for
the actual construction or repair of the said road or roads,
or any part thereof, through said lands.
That confines the application of the public ma-
terials to the road through the public lands. I
understood the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Abercrombie,] to say that Ins road runs through
several sections of the public lands, but that most
of it runs through land that is not public. I am
willing that he should take the materials off the
public lands for that portion of the road which
runs through the public lands.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to the amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens.] My object is to make the
bill perfectly satisfactory to the House and to the
country.
The SPEAKER. It is not within the power
of the gentleman from Alabama to accept that
amendment, the bill being a report from the com-
mittee, as the Chair understands it.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman will send his
amendment to me, 1 will offer it.
Mr. KISSELL. I feel some interest in this bill,
but no more than every gentleman in this House
ought to feel, because it is a measure which relates
to the public interest. As I was about to say,
though it may not be very flattering to us, yet it
is amusing to consider, for a moment, how very
inconsistently we have acted. Now, during the
Inst Congress, a bill passed this House, giving,
for a certain railroad, all that is asked in this bill,
and fifty feet in width more, as a right of way,
and, in addition to that, two millions and a half
acres of the public lands. This very session
another bill has been passed by the votes of mem-
bers who surround me, giving to a company, or to
a State—which is the same thing—first, all that is
asked, every single thing asked in this bill, and
fifty feet in width more; and then, in addition to
that, one million seven hundred thousand acres of
land besides. Then comes up a simple proposi-
tion to give to all similar companies the right of
way merely, and the right of taking earth, and
other suitable materialsfor constructing the roads,
just exactly as was provided in thnse other bills
alluded to, save that in this bill there is fifty feet
Jess given and no land—not millions of acres, not
one acre—and here we are, higgling and haggling,
and quarreling, as to whether that bill shall pass,
because it authorizes the taking up of too much
road, or gives twenty-five feet too much land.
-Now, I ask if this is not an inconsistency which
should shame legislation? I ask if it is not a triv-
ial objection that is raised against this bill, which
is of a general character—not partial—but uniform
and equal, and extending to all companies alike
certain, necessary, indispensable privileges5 Is it
not a trivial objection that there are ten feet too
much, when, in one case, you have given away
two and a half millions of acres of land, besides
two hundred and fifty feet right of way?
Mr. COBB. Is the gentleman through ? I am
afraid he will get up a discussion.
Mr. BISSELL. I am not through, but I do
not care about saying anything more. I want
merely to add that this bill ought to pass without
a single moment's more discussion. Itis a harm-
less and a simple bill, necessary and indispensable
if you will have railroads. If you want to save
the time, labor, and expense, of legislating upon
every local measure,—and they are legion,—you
must pass this bill.
Mr. COBB. T hope the gentleman will let us
act upon the bill.
Mr. BISSELL. Call the previous question,
then.
Mr. CARTTER. I want to make an inquiry
in connection with this bill, with the gentleman's
permission. If 1 am not"allowed to do so, I hope
the previous question will be voted down.
Mr. COBB. I intend to test the sense of the
House whether they want any further discussion
upon this matter or not.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I desire to make an
explanation.
Mr. COBB. I hope my colleague will not in-
sist, because he belongs to the State of Alabama,
and I have been charged with yielding the floor to
the friends of the bill, although really more ene-
mies have had the floor than friends. I propose,
as an additional amendment, to come in as a fourth
section, the one which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haven] proposed.
The SPEAKER. It can only be-done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. COBB. I hope the House will not object
to it.
The SPEAKER. If it is the pleasure of the
House the proposition will be received and con-
sidered in its turn.
No objection was made, so the amendment was
received.
Mr. COBB. Then the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who charges this bill
with not being perfectly guarded in relation to
taking stone and materials, asks the unanimous
consent of the House to oifer his amendment, to
be considered at the proper place and time. j
There being no objection, the amendment was ]
received. j
Mr. COBB. If the House is willing to sustain i
the previous question, I now call for it. I
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. The gentleman from j
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] when he was upon j
the floor a few moments since, said that he un- j
derstood me to say that the road I had been ad- j
vocating in this House passed through very little
of the public lands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must interpose,
and remind the gentleman that debate is not in
order.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I only wish to give
an explanation. I want to set the gentleman
right.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the [louse that the gentleman be allowed to
proceed?
[Loud cries of " Object!"]
Mr. SMART. I move to lay the bill upon the
table; and upon that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 70, nays 91; as fol-
lows:
YEAH—Messrs. Allison, Ashe, Aveiett, Barrere, Bart-
leu, J3eal, Bibiyhaus, Bowne, Bieekiuridge, Geoige IT.
Blown, Buell, Bui t, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Gamer, Chap-
man, Chastain, Daniel, Geor«e T. Davis, J>can, Dunnuek,
Edmundson, Floyd, Fowler, Gaylord,Giddiiu*«, Goodctiow,
Hamilton, I.xham G. llaum, licbn.nl, llillyer. IIoliaday,i'Iors-
l'oid, John W. llnwc, Thomas* M. Howe, TvC! , Jackson,
Jenkins, George G. King, Pie*ton Kins,'. Kuhns, Kmtz,
Letcher, M.inn, Martin, McLamihan, McMulIm, McNair,
Morehcad, Mmiav, Newton, Peaslee, Perkins, Powell,
Reed, Robbing Itobie, Hons, Itu*—ell, Sehermerhotn, David
L. Seymour, tekelton, Smart, Stanlv. Thaddeus Stevens,
Sutherland, Thurston, Wallace, Wildnck, and Williams
—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willi* Allen, David J.
Bailey, Thomas II. Baylv, Bell, Bis&cll, John II. Boyd,
Bia<™, Brenton, Bu«gs, Albert G. Burnn, Bunows, Bu.-bv,
Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Chuichwell,
('Inigmaii, Cobb, Conger, Cmtis, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Disney, Dotv, Duncan, Dnrkee, Eastman, Fickhn, Fitch,
Florence, Fieemun, Gamble, Gentry, Gorman, Giey, Har-
per, Sampson W. Ham*;, Haws, Haven, Hendnek<. Heun,
Hon-ton, Hunter, Andiew Johnson, James Johnson, John
Johm-on, Robert W. Johnson. Gcntec W. Jone«-, Landry,
Lockhrut, Humphrey Mai-hall, M,i<on, Meade, Miller,
Mine), Molony, John Moore, Muiphy, Nabeis, Olds, On,
Andrew Paiker, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Phelps, Polk,
Portei, KieliarcHon, Jtiddle, Kobinson, Savage, Scudder,
Scurry, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Fiedenek P. Slanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Ahiaham P. Stephens, St. Martin,
Strothei,Smart,Taylor,Townshcnd,Tuck, Venable,Wal-
biidge. Ward, Watluns, Welch, Aiexandei White, and
Yates—91.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. COBB. I ask my colleague to allow me to
submit a motion to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, with a view to keep it
before the House. !
Mr. HOUSTON. I am perfectly willing that |
the gentleman should submit that motion. I
Mr. COBB. Then I make that motion.
EVENING SESSIONS-
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered, this House will
hold an evening session on each day? commencing at five
o'clocK p. in., which shall be devoted exclusively to dis-
cussion in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WARD. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Gentlemen around meinsist
that I shall move to suspend the rules, so as to
enable me to offer that resolution. It would be a
great saving of time, and if the evening sessions
did not work well, we could give them up. I
therefore move to suspend the rules.
Mr. VENABLE. I ask for tellers on the sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will modify my resolu-
tion so as to make it read "six o'clock p. m. "
instead of " five o'clock p. m."
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Johnson of
Arkansas and Chandler were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 76, noes 64.
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BURT. , I suggest to the honorable chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to
strike out the latter part of the resolution which
specifies that the sessions shall be devoted to
speech-mnking.
Mr. CARTTER. Oh, no, that is the very
thing for which we want the evening sessions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suggest to
the gentleman fiom Alabama to insert in his res-
olution, after the word " discussion," these words,
" of those general appropriation bills upon which
debate has not been closed."
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to that
modification.
Mr. CARTTER. I hope the gentleman will
not modify it in that way.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
that modification cannot now be made.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to know from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, what necessity there is for the passage of
such a resolution as this ? Why cannot the House
order an evening session on any day when the pub-
lic necessities require it? I can see no necessity
for the passage of such a resolution as this.
Mr. HOUSTON". In reply to the gentleman
from Illinois, I will say that the necessity is ap-
parent. We are near the end of the eighth month
of the session, and nothing has been done. The
Senate is calling upon us daily for business, and
there is a resolution from that body now upon the
Speaker's table, saying that they will not receive
business from us within ten days of the day of ad-
journment. The gentleman mustsee the difficulties
in the way, and my object is to have these even-
ing sessions that gentlemen who want to make
general speeches on promiscuous subjects may
meet here and discuss. If it proves ineffectual, if
it proves a bad rule, we can repeal it. There can
be no harm in the experiment for the purpose of
expediting the public business. There is a great
necessity for it.
The SPEAKER. This discussion, as gentle-
men are aware, is out of order, unless by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CARTTER. I object, and call the gentle-
men to order, j
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and there were—yeas 101, nays 68;
as follows:
yEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Allison, William Ap-
plecon, Averett, Bariere, Beale, Bell, JBihigliaus,
Knell, Hint, Camei, Chandler, Cha-tam, Churchvvell,
Clmgman, Cobb, Conger, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dean,
Dnrmnek, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Edmundson.
Faulkner, Fx-khn. Fitch, Freeman, Gamble, Gaylordi,
Gentry, Giddings Hamilton, Harper, Ieham G. Harm,
Haws. Haven, Hebard, Ilendrifks, Henri. Htllyei, Hors-
ford, Houston, Howard, John W. Howe,ThomasM. Howe,
Hunter, Ives, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, J. Glancv Jones, GeoigeG. Kincy, Preston Kmc, Kurtz,
Letcher, Loekliart, Mann, Martin,"Mason. MeLanahan,
MeNair, Million,Muiphy,Murray, N'abers, Newton, Olds
OnvSamuel W. Parker, P<wlec, Ponn, Pcrkm*. PhelpsJ
Powell, Rantoul, Reed, Rohbms, Bohie, Robinson, ^cher-
merhom, Scndder. Scurry, David L. Seymour, Skelton,
Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Thad-
deus Stevens. Stone. Sutherland, Taylor, Venable, Wal-
bndse, Wallace, Wa-hburn, Welch, aiid Yates—101.
NAVP—Messrs. Abeierombie, Aiken, A*he, David J.
Bailey, Thomas H. Batly, Bartlett, Bi^sell, Bowie, John H.
Boyd, Biagi*, Bienton, Albert G. Brown, George H. Brown,
Burrows, Bu*-by, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell,Thompson Campbell, Chapman, Daniel, George T.
Davis, Dawson, Disney, Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Good-
enow, Grey, Sampson W. Harris, HolladRy, Jpnlonc,
Jame^ Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Geoisje
W. Jones, Kuhns, Landry, Humphrey Marshall, Mc-
Mullm, McQueen, Meade, Miner, John Moore, Moraliead,
