974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
stltution. This is a difficulty which to my mind
is insuperable.
Me.,DOWNS. I do not think the difficulty
Suggested by the Senator will occur. Take the
facts as they are. There is no estimate—no com-
putation as to South Carolina. Her actual popu-
lation is known. It is unquestionable There is
a certain amount of population returned also from
California which entitles her to one Representative.
The report of the committee takes that return,
gives her representation on that basis, and that
leaves one to South Carolina- South Carolina
gets'her number upon no estimate, but upon the
known amount of the population.
Mr. HALE. The Senator misunderstands me.
That is the very view of it which I present. I say
that, as it now stands, South Carolina is entitled
to an additional Representative; but if you under-
take to correct the census, and make California's
fraction enough to give her ah additional member,
then South Carolina is not entitled, and therefore
you give to her arbitrarily a Representive to which
she is not entitled 'fyou make the correction.
Mr. GEYER. The question presented by the
amendment is not without its embarrassments.
Indeed, after much reflection, I find it difficult to de-
termine upon any rule which would conform to the
act of 1850, and to the Constitution of the United
States, as gentlemen interpret it. By the act of
1850, the representation of each State depends
upon the returns from all the other States to a
s great extent. The ratio is to be fixed by assum-
ing two hundred and thirty-three as a divisor.
If, then, we cannot apportion the representation
but upon actual returns, we cannot execute the acts
of 1850 consistently with the Constitution. The
representation of South Carolina will depend upon
the returns from California. We are in a condi-
tion in which we must wait until these returns are
complete before we can make any apportionment
whatever. It has been correctly remarked by the
Senator from New Hampshire, that if the returns
from California should give her a large fraction
over and above the fraction upon which South
Carolina is proposed, by this bill, to be repre-
sented, then South Carolina would be excluded.
If we make the apportionment now, according to
the terms of the bill reported from the Committee
on the'Judiciary, we are making an apportion-
ment without returns from one of the States upon
which depends the apportionment for all the other
States. We are, then, under the necessity either
of not making the apportionment at all, or of
making it upon returns which are defective, and
which do not furnish us data by which we can do
justice to all the States according to the terms of
the Constitution.
When this matter was before the Judiciary
Committee, the evidence presented to us satisfied
me that the population of California probably ex-
ceeded, at the time the census was taken, one hun-
dred and forty-five thousand, which would have
cut out South Carolina from her additional Repre-
sentative; but, in the state of uncertainty which
the facts presented, I was unwilling either to post-
pone the apportionment, or to decide upon the
facts presented, whether California orSouth Caro-
lina was entitled to the additional Representative.
It seemed to me that the only way in which we
could get over the difficulty would bp to take the
returns, as far as they went, and allow South j
Carolina her additional Representative upon the j
fraction as it appeared by these returns, and then -
allow also to California an additional Representa-!
tive upon the assumption that her population, ex-
ceeding that necessary for one Representative, j
would be equal to the fraction of South Carolina.
The only other alternative, consistent with the act
of 1850, is to postpone this apportionment and
direct an enumeration to be completed in Califor-
nia, and if the returns come in, showing her to
have a representative population exceeding one !
hundred and forty thousand, and some few hun-'
dreds, it would give her two Representatives, and
reduce the representation of South Carolina as it i
is proposed to be given her under this bill. i
Now, the sole question, as it appears to me, j
■which is presented here, is this: We are obliged j
to act upon conjecture; we have not got the official i
returns; it is not the fault of the State of Califor- j
Ilia that the returns are not here; whether it is that |
the officers did not act for the want of means, or '
whether they neglected their duty, after having I
sworn to perform it, with the means in their hands, \
we do not know; but they were the officers of the
Government; and seeing, as it seems to me, that
we -are doing great injustice to California by
denying her an additional Representative, when,
according to the weight of the evidence, her frac-
tion would be as great as that of South Carolina,
I am disposed at once to make an apportionment
and allow the additional Representative to Califor-
nia.
This is not without precedent to some extent.
It is true that the fourth enumeration was not like
the present. Congress then did not limit the Rep-
resentatives beforehand; but, having made the ap-
portionment, there being, I think, by occasion of
the death of a marshal m the State of Alabama,
defective returns for a portion of that State, time
was given to complete them, and Congress provi-
ded that the State should have an additional Rep-
resentative, if, on the return beingmade, she should
be entitled to it according to the apportionment
then adopted. The returns were made, and the
additional member was allowed.
I do not see that we are in danger of an infrac-
tion of the Constitution by adopting this course.
We cannot, under the bill as it is presented, make
the apportionment upon the enumeration, for the
enumeration has not been made. The representa-
tion from South Carolina did depend upon true
returns, from California, and all the other States
of the Union; and, according to the system adopted
in 1850, the apportionment must also await the
returns from all the States; and, if the interpreta-
tion put upon the Constitution by the honorable
Senator from Maryland be the true one, we must
wait until all the returns are in, and then we shall
have a question whether, under the Constitution,
a fraction can be represented at all ?
Upon the whole, without detaining the Senate
further, I think the subject is involved m difficulty.
We have to adopt one of two alternatives. If we
order an enumeration of the inhabitants of Cali-
fornia, we must wait the returns before we can
make the apportionment according to the act of
1850. If you decide to deny to California the addi-
tional Representative, you deny it to her because
your officers have neglected their duty, and when
the weight of the evidence before you shows her
to be entitled to an additional Representative, and
shows that in all probability she lias a larger frac-
tion than South Carolina, which would deprive
that State of one Representative. I am disposed,
therefore, to compromise the matter, and give to
each of the States an additional Representative for
their fraction.
Mr. PRATT. It seems to me, that by pursu-
ing the course indicated by the Senator from Mis-
souri, the only effect of it will be to insure that
injustice shall be done. Now, I submit to the
consideration of the honorable Senator himself,
whether the proposition I am about to state is not
undoubtedly correct ? South Carolina is not enti-
tled to an additional Representative for her fraction
if California is. He now proposes to do, in ref-
erence to other States, the double injustice of giving
an additional Representative to each. In order to
secure to California all that she may possibly be
entitled to, if this actual enumeration had been
made, the proposition or argument therefore of
the Senator from Missouri is to insure that injus-
tice shall be done; whereas if we take the course
indicated by the committee, it is doubtful whether
injustice will be done to California or not. If we
take the course which we are asked to take by the
Senator from Missouri, we give undoubtedly either
to California or to South Carolina a Representative
to which one or the other is notentitled; and,con-
sequently. you insure that injustice shall be done.
It may be that California would have a larger
fraction than South Carolina, if this actual enu-
meration had taken place. If so, South Carolina
would not have her Representative; and ihe course
indicated by the Senator from Missouri will have
the effect of doing injustice certainly to all the
other States, by giving to both South Carolinaand
California an additional Representative, when un-
doubtedly only one of them can be entitled to it.
Mr. GEYfiR. It is verv true that if South
Carolina is entitled to an additional Representative
under the act of ]850, California is not. But we
cannot execute the act of 1850 at tins time, for
you have not the returns from the State of Cali-
fornia, upon winch the representation can be ap-
portioned according to the rule established by that
act; so that I take it, the act of 1850 is out of the
question. It may be observed as a general rule,
but it cannot be executed now. To execute that
act will require us to make additional provisions
to take the enumeration in California, and post-
pone the apportionment until the returns shall be
made. Now, what will be the consequence of
that? If it shall turn out that the representative
population of California amounts to 300,000, as it
was estimated by the General Assembly of that
State upon the evidence before them, it would have
a very sensible effect upon the new apportionment
all over the Union. It would entitle California to
three Representatives—it would cut off some other
State, at all events, now represented upon a frac-
tion—it would increase the ratio of representation,
and in some of the States having a great number
of Representatives, might cut off their fraction, and
change the en tire representation all over the Union.
The question, I repeat, is an embarrassing one.
There is a difficulty in it. We are obliged to meet
it, and meet it now, 1 think, in order to be pre-
pared for the election of the next Congress. I
know of no better way in which we can get over
it than by allowing an additional Representative to
each of the States.
Mr. BADGER. I agree with what has been
said on this subject by my friend from Missouri.
There are undoubtedly embarrassments and diffi-
culties surrounding it. It is impossible to carry
out technically and accurately the execution of the
act of 1850. To say that under the circumstances
we will consider the population of California as
ascertained by these imperfect and defective re-
turns would, I think, begreat injustice. We can-
not carry out, therefore, technically the rule of th.e
act of 1850, without manifest injustice to this new
State. Well, where is the injustice of what is
proposed by the minority of the committee? They
propose to add to the permanent number of the
House of Representatives fixed by the act of 1850
one member—to add one member to the two hun-
dred and thirty-three fixed by law—during the
operation of the present enactment, and by giving
that member to California, to leave the census, as
taken, to operate among all the other States of the
Union. Where is the injustice of that? Where
is the strict right, under the Constitution, that is
withheld from, or iinpaxted to, the other States of
the Union ?
It has been assumed that, according to the Con-
stitution, no allotment of members to a State can be
made, except upon an actual enumeration. I confess
my opinion has been that that was probably the cor-
rect interpretation of the Constitution; but the legis-
lation of Congress has settled that matter, that a
State can be entitled to Representatives on the floor
of the House of Representatives not based upon ac-
tual enumeration; otherwise, when any State was
newly admitted into the Union, she should be en-
titled to but one Representative. The rule of the
Constitution is, that the States shall be entitled
according to the population, as ascertained by the
census or enumeration; but that every State shall
be entitled to at least one Representative; when,
therefore, a new State is admitted, m respect to
which there never could have been a census or
enumeration, within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion, if the rule insisted upon were the true inter-
pretation of the Constitution, that State would be
entitled to but one Representative in the House of
Repiesenlatives. But yet, time and again, Con-
gress have assigned to-new States two Representa-
tives. Texas and California were each admitted
with two. Therefore we have established this
proposition by our legislation, that Congress,
under extraordinary circumstances, can give addi-
tional Representatives upon estimates and not upon
actual enumeration. That is settled; and we must
go back, and undo what we have done in divers
instances heretofore, before it can be considered an
open question.
Mr. BAYARD. Are there any other instances
but those of California and Texas ?
Mr. GWIN. Iowa and "Wisconsin were ad-
mitted with two Representatives.
Mr. BAYARD. The proposition contended for
by the honorable Senator from North Carolina, as
I understand it, is, that supposing this to be a clear
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
two violations by Congress justify a third.
Mr. BADGER. That is not my proposition.
Mr. BAYARD. I so understood it.
Mr. BADGER. That may be the honorable
Senator's understanding of it, but I do not con-
