1852,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1839
Andiew Parker, Penmman, Polk, Porter, Richardson,
Riddle, Ro«e, Russell, Savage, Smart, Stanly, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richaid H. Stanton, St. Martin, Strother, Thurs-
ton, Townshend, Ward, Watkins, Alexander White, Wil-
cox, Wiidriek, atid Williams—08.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANLY. I ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama to withdraw that morion, to permit me to
make a motion to suspend the rules to take up
from the Speaker's table the bill for the relief of
the indigent insane, in order that we may fix a
day for its consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot. I must press the
consideration of the public business as much as I
can.
Mr. GENTRY. Will not the gentleman from
Alabma allow the resolution from the Senate pro-
posing to arm these little pages and other boys to
be taken up ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot. I must insist on
my motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to—ayes 82,
noes 40.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the stale of the Union, (Mr. Disney in the
chair.)
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated, as the business be-
sfoie the committee, the consideration of House
bill No. 43, " making appropriation for the cur-
4 rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
* partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
i with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
4 June 30th, 1853," and that the pending question
was on the amendment of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Fitcii. 1
Mr. FITCH. I have modified my amendment
so as to read:
For the payment of $9,842 36 to Hiram R. Pitchlyn, in
Ins own right and as sole heir-at-law and legal rcpies enta-
tive of his biother, John Pitchlyn, deceased; that being
the amount of the proceeds of the sales of two quarter sec-
tions of land, gi anted to, and located m the name of, the
said Hiram 11. Pitchlyn ond John Pitchlyn, under and by
virtue of the eighth article of the treaty with the Chicka-
saw Indians, made in the city of Washington, on the 24th
day of May, in the year 1834, and which quatter sections
of land weie «old, and the proceeds theieof invented in the
stock of the State of Arkansas, m pursuance of the provis-
ions of the ailicle afoiesaid : Provided, Said Hiram R.
Pitchlyn shall establish Ins identity, and that he b John
Pitehlyn's sole hen, to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
the Interior.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to that
amendment m its modified form.
Mr. FITCII. Very well, sir; then I will not
trouble the committee with the reading of docu-
mentary evidence in support of the claim.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON". I desire to propose to the
committee that we shall not read the bill regularly
through, but that we shall pass through it regu-
larly, stopping at each point where an amendment
is proposed to be made. These sferiHties are all
paid under treaties, and must be plovided for. 1
have got a bill marked with the points at which
amendments are intended to be proposed, and we
shall save a great deal of time by skipping ftoir.
one of those points to another.
Mr. BRENTOiNf. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will furnish us all with
bills marked at the points where amendments
have to be offered, I will not object to the plan he
proposes.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman has no
amendments of his own to offer, of course it can
make no difference to him. However, let the bill
be read through.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I propose, for the purpose
of askins for a little information, to diminish this
appropriation five dollars.
The CHAIRMAJi'. There is no amendment
pending.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to obtain some in-
formation from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, if he possesses it. This whole
Chickasaw giant is appropriated according to the
act of 1799.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is the amendment
proposed'
Mr. GIDDINGS. To diminish the amount of
the appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair again states to
the gentleman from Ohio that there is no amend-
ment pending. This provision has been agreed
to, together with the vanoua amendments which
have been offered to it, which cannot now be j
altered. If, however, the gentleman proposes to
offer an additional provision by way of amend-
ment, he has a right to do so.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I offer the following
as an amendment:
Provided, That no portion of this amount he paid until
the ouginal contiact between this Government and the '
Ohickasawfe shall be asceitamed.
I offer that amendment merely for the purpose j
of inquiring whether the chairman of the Com- :
mittee of Ways and Means, or the chairman of .
the Committee on Indian Affairs, can give us any >
information as to this original contract with the !
Chickasaws. It is well known that this grant is !
paid under the act of 1799. That act was predi- |
cated upon an agreement with the Chickasaw In- 1
dians, entered into in 1799, and that agreement is |
what I want to ascertain. It was made at Phil- 1
adeiphia, and the grant was to continue while that j
agreement was in force. I called upon the De- ■
partment years since to ascertain when that agree- '
ment would expire. The agreement was not to I
be found at that time, and I now want to know of j
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, j
and of the chairman of the Committee of Ways j
and Means, if that agreement or contract is within [j
then- knowledge, or if they have anything to show ]
when that contract will expire? ;
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will ask that j
the proposed amendment of the gentleman from !
Ohio [Mr. Giddjxgs] may be read. I cannot j
deteiniine what he desnes, as 1 cannot hear j
him. i
Mr. GIDDINGS. My amendment is that no j
portion of this amount shall be paid until that con- |
tract shall be ascertained to be in force. !
Mr. JOHNSON. What contract is it? |
Mr. GIDDINGS. The contract made at Phil- j
adeiphia in 1794, and referred to in the actof 1799, >
under which this appropriation is made. 1 want t
to know when that amendment will expire? :
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 can at once give to the |
gentleman all I have to say in regard to it. He is j
now referring to a matter which has been adjudi- J
cated entirely by the Committee of Ways and j
Means—a matter which has not been before the 1
Committee on Indian Affairs—and a matter about >
which 1 know nothing upon the face of the earth. I
It has never been before us, and I know nothing j
in regard to it. The Committee of Ways and
Means can answer, perhaps; I cannot. j
Mr. GIDDINGS. Can the chairman of tlie 1 j
Committee of Ways and Means inform me?—for i
we are paying money, and no one knows under ij
what authority wc are paying it. We can only i
say we have paid it heretofoie, and we agreed to r
pay it so long as the contract remains in force
Now, whether that contract has expired, or'
whether it yet remains in force is a matter which i
I desire to undetstand. ;
Mr. HOUSTON. I will send up the law, and i
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gtodintgs] can hear i
it read. >
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have the law. !
Mr. PHELPS. I will fuither state, if the gen-
tleman from Ohio will give his attention, that I .
have the impression that the agreement referred to ;
in the act of Congress to which the gentleman re-
fers, is not contained in any of the statutes of the
United States, but is contained in a volume of:
treaties, compiled many years since, under the :
direction of the Secretary of War. I think it was ,
during the last Congress that my attention was
called to some treaties and agreements made with .
the Indians; and if I mistake not, one was with !
the Chickasaw Indians. I cannot now state the !
terms of that agreement, but my impression is,
that it was a permanent annuity which was to be ]
paid to them. The agreement is contained m an !
old volume of Indian treaties, but 1 was informed ;
by a clerk in the Indian Office that he knew of'
but'one volume of the publication in existence,
and that was the one which they had m the office .
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. i
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want those gentlemen to j
bring forwaid at the next session a knowledge of |
that contract. I do not want to detain the House. ;
If they are not prepared to show.the contract
now, I hope they will be the next session.
Mr. PHELPS. I am not, for one, prepared at
this time.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means -to amend the clause
appropriating $400 for the purchase of tobacco for
the Chippewas, by striking out $400 and inserting
§500. The insertion of §400 in the printed bill
was a typographical error.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose, under the instruc-
tions of the Committee, to amend (he clause ap-
propriating $1,000 for two carpenters for the
Chippewas on Lake Superior, bv striking out
" $1,000," and inserting $1,200."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to. 9
The following clause of the hill was read:
"For <5i*lh of foiiy-sit installments to be paid to the
Chippewas of Mississippi, stipulated m the third article of
the treaty of the 2d of August, 1847, $1,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to propose an amend-
ment to the above clause. After the word " for"
insert the word u tlnec," and after the word "sixth"
insert "seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth;" and in
the one hundred and fifty-second line, strike put
the wot'j} " one" and insertinheu thereofthe word
"five." The ♦object of this amendment is to make
to this tribe of Indians, the advance which was
struck out of the.deficiency bill a few cfnys ago—
to advance the five installments to enable them to
open their farms and carry on the cultivation of
them. The subject was discussed a few days ago.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I now offer an amendment, of
which I gave notice some days since, to come in
at the end of the clause in relation to the Creek
Indians, at the end of line two hundred and fifteen.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
For liquidating the balance found due to the Creek In-
dians for losses sustained duung the last war with Great
Britain, by that portion of the tribe that was friendly to,
and cooperated with the United States, in aecoi dance with
the promise of the Government, $110,417 90. to be paid hy
the United States agent for the t'reek Indians, to those in-
dividuals Jiving, and the legal representatives of tho&e de-
ceased, who are entitled to receive the same.
Mr. FITCH. It will, perhaps, be scarcely ne-
cessary to allude any further to this matter. It
has been estimated for; it has been recommended
by the proper Department; it is in proofthat these
Indians aided us in our war against the hostile
Creeks; and it is in proof that they suffered dam-
ages at the hands of those hostile Creeks, for
which they have not been compensated, at least
only in part. This amendment provides for the
payment to them of the balance of the amount
found due to them, under an investigation gone
into by the express direction of the Government.
The claim has been recognized by the Govern-
ment, and they ask that this additional appropri-
ation should be made, in order to enable them to
pay it. With this simple synopsis of its history,
1 will submit it without further remarks, unless
objection be made.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment, and it was agieed to.
Mr. CONGER. I have an amendment to pro-
pose to the bill, if it is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment is in or-
der.
Mr. CONGER. I offer the amendment which
I send to the table.
The amendment was read, as follows:
To pay the claim, as adjusted by the accounting officer
of the United States Tiea.*ury, in favor of David Taj lor,
under the latter clause of the Umiecnth ai tide of the Cher-
okee tieaty, concluded at New Eehola, Dceenihei 29, )835,
and approved by the Senate, ^'l*2,&i)U ; to be paid out of the
balancc of the appiopnation ot Julys2, 1836, under an act
entitled " An act making further appiopnations for cairying
into effect certain Indian treaties."
Mr. CONGER. That claim arises under the
treaty of 1835, made witli the Cherokees. For
carrying that treaty into effect, appropriations
were made on the second day of July, 18SG. It
has been the practice to pay these claims out of
those appropriations. When this claim was un-
derinvestigation, the First Comptroller entertained
doubts whether any of these appropriations were
applicable to the payment of this particular class
