mi.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
m-
But I reiterate what has been afamed by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, that it redly does look like can-
vassing for the offices.
Mr. HALE. I have endeavored, in my humble
sphere, to move consistently. I have usually looked
out for the privates, i understand this resolution
is aimed at the privates. If it is insisted upon. !
shall be compelled to move to insert the Presiding
Officer of this body at the head of the list of those
officers to be elected. I am- not willing to begin
at the bottom, i want to begin- at the head of the
chapter. I shall vote against the resolution; but if
it is pressed I shall move my amendment. I need
not say to you, Mr. President, nor to any member
of this body, that I am influenced only by a desire
to carry out a great principle, I think if that
principle applies to one it should apply to all.
Mr. BRIGHT. The honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Berrien-,] and the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] reason uponthis
subject as though I were striking at particular offi-
cers of this body. I have announced that I did
Eot seek or desire a change of the rule in order to
reach any particular officer. If either of those
Senators suppose that I am striking at ^particular
officer he is mistaken.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the- Senator allow me
to explain? I have not made the slightest sug-
gestion that he was acting through any such mo-
6ive. I know he is not.
Mr. BRIGHT. I said, when first up, that my
©bject was to reinstate a- rule that had been over
twenty years in operation, and one that ism uni-
son and harmony with the principles of the Gov-
ernment under which we legislate.
I cannot refrain from expressing my surprise at
the opposition of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Shields.] I had every reason to sup-
pose that the* principle sought to be established by
this resolution, would have found an advocate in
him; but instead thereof, heseeks rather to weaken
my proposition, by alleging that my motion is an
imprudent one, and not altogether well-timed. I
am at a loss how to interpret the language of the
honorable Senator. Certainly there is nothing
very imprudent in asking the Senate to declare
that hereafter they will elect their officers every
two years, thus abrogating the law of life estates
in offices of this body. Certainly it is not ill-
timed here or anywhere else, under a republican
form of government, to advocate and declare in
favor of so sound a political principle as the one
sought to be established by this resolution. In
view of the political changes in this Government,
and the party proscription that has characterized-
the present Administration, I think there is some-
thing due our political friends wherever we have
the power; and if the present incumbents are de-
serving the support of the party in the ascendant
here, they have nothing to fear from the reinstate-
ment of the old rule.
T have offered the resolution because I believe it
right. I defend it because of my determination to
permit no pressure from any quarter to influence
my political action, and if voted down now shall
renew it whenever parliamentary order permits.
A word in reply to the motion and speech of
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale.] He moves to include the President ''pro
tempore" in the list of officers to be elccted. I
will venture to advise him to bring up that as an
independent proposition. It is not germane to the
question before the Senate. That officer is chosen
under a constitutional enactment, and the tenure
of his office dependent on something higher than
a mere rule of the Senate. I hope he will not per-
sist in his motion to amend, but allow us to vote
on the resolution as it is.
Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Bright] seems disposed to get back
to former usages again: to stand super antiquas
vias of the Senate. So do I; and I suppose that'
the rule of the Senate, as it now exists, is that very
same rule under which the Senate was originally
organised. I agree with, the honorable Senator,
that it is- perfectly proper that every legislative
body, at its organization, should chooae its own
officers. But will he tell me when the Senate has
ever been organized since the first Senate met ?
When has there ceased to be a Senate ? At what
period did a new Senate commenee > At what mo-
ment in the past history of this body was it with-
out an organization? Sir, under the Constitution,
no such a tiling takes-place in this- body as a -new-
organisation. "When the Senate commenced its
proceedings, it appointed its officers-according to
the nature of its own constitution, and not accord-
ing-to the constitution of the other House of Con-
gress, and so it proceeded for many years.
Bat .§ do not wish to pursue inquiries of that
kind, but would suggest to the Senate this consid-
eration: The rule which it is now sought to ma-'
state, had existed for a number of years. During
the last Congress a Senator from Missouri,. no.t
now a member of this body, [Mr. Bentox,] of-
fered a resolution to rescind tht rule,, and return
to what hud been the practice of this body from
the beginning. We ail recollect when that resolu-
tion was introduced, that it was adopted by the
unanimous consent of this body. Not one word
was said against it. What is the inference ? We
must suppose, as no one objected,, that ail were in
favor of it. If everybody was m favor of it then,
permit me to inquire why it is that any should
have changed their opinions since? If it was
proper to restore the practice of the Senate, whan
Mr. Benton was a member of this body, what has
happened- since, what, facts have been developed,
what discoveries made, wliat secrets transpired,
which should lead us now to wish to undo what
was then done by the unanimous consent of the
body? it seems to me that we shall occupy a very
unenviable position before the country, if we adopt
this resolution. When Mr. Benton proposed the
restoration of th« old practice, no man opened' his
mouth against it, and- yet now we are told that a
high principle requires the adoption of this resolu-
tion. It must be inferred, then, that what was
done-commanded unanimous consent, because at
that time either all of us were so ignorant that we
could not discover the great principle involved, or
all so timid that none of us objected to his propo-
sition. I hope the resolution will not be adopted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall vote for the resolution
of the Senator from Indiana. I believe the princi-
ple involved is a sound one, and that, the practice
to which it tends is equally sound. I regard the
present rule as substantially establishing the prin-
ciple of life offices. I shall vote for the resolution
without any reference to who are to fill the offices,
or whether there shall be any change m them or
not. That will be a question to be determined
afterwards. But I do believe that the true principle
is to have a fixed time at which the office is to ex- ,
pire and an election to be gone into; and in order !
to establish that, I shall vote for the resolution.
With regard to the suggestion of the Senator;
from North Carolina, I could not see that there ;
was much force in it. I presume that the rsason I
j why there was no opposition made to the motion
of the Senator from Missouri alluded to, was that i
it came up in the morning business, when it was \
not known what was the pending question. If!
I had known of it, I should not have voted for it;
and'the same I believe to be true with regard to j
the Senator from Indiana also. But whether that !
be so or not, is a matter of no consequence. The I
question is, What is the true practice of the Senate j
as regards, this question? Believing that the-'
sound- practice is, to have a fixed term of office, at j
the expiration of which a new election is, to take '
place, I shall vote for the resolution. j
Mr. BUTLER. I will add one word to what I
has been said by my friend from North Carolina, i:
I [Mr. Badger.] I regard these officers as holding j
' their places by a tenure at our pleasure, and also ^
as holding them during good behavior. I say !
that the subordinate officers of this Senate should 1
not be removed so long as they dischaige their I
duties properly. That is my opinion. I differ i
from my friend from Indiana [Mr. Bright] en- j
tirely, in saying that offices of this kind should j
be made the subject of contention and strife. An \
officer, like our Secretary and those who are ■
associated with him, should be almost as stationary
as the records. I like to have them associated to-
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. ATCH LSON. I now move to reconsider
the vote onthe resolution; and f move that'that
motion lie on the table. I am not altogether satis-
lied with the vote which I gave. I wish further
time for consideration. Therefore I move to re-
consider the vote, and ask that that motion lie on
the table. If it is laid on the table, I presume it
can be taken up at any time a majority of the
Senate think proper.
Mr, DOUGLAS. If F understand the matters
•the effect of laying on the table of the motion to
reconsider will be to clinch the matter against the
power of reconsideration. The universal practice
in the House of Representatives is, that after a
nieasure is passed, a motion is made by some of
its friends to reconsider it, and to lay that motion
on the table, which, if agreed to, prevents the body
touching the question again.
Hie ipRKSl'DENT, The Chair does not con-
sider that to be the effect of the adoption of the
motion.
^ Mr. HALE. The practice referred to by the
Senator from Illinois, is because in the other Howse
it. requires a two thirds vote- to take any subject
from the table. Here it only requires a majority.
Mr. DA WSON. If I understand the rule, not-
withstanding you may lay this motion on the
table, any Senator may, to-morrow, move to
change the rules of this body to-morrow. "We
cannot be precluded by any motion of this kind
from any exercise of any power belonging to the
body.
Mr. BRIGHT. The object of the honorable
Senator from Missouri is, I suppose, to reach the
subject at a subsequent period of the session. If
the process of repentance has already commenced
in his mind, I hone it may continue until it shall
reach that point that a sense of justice will permit
him to support the proposition. I hope that a re-
consideration will take place at some future day,
and that the rule will be reinstated. I shall vote
with the honorable Senator under that impression-.
The motion to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table was agreed to.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
On die motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the election of a Chaplain.
The PRESIDENT announced that forty-fivo
ballots had been cast, of which number twenty-
three was necesvsary to-a choice; of which—
Rev C. M. I3utler received 25
Rev. Mr. Gallagher 12
Rev. Dr. .Tunkin * 4
Rev. R. R. Gurlev.    3
Rev. C. W. Rodier 1
45.
The Rev. C. M. Butler was declared to be duly
elected Chaplain- of the Senate for the present
session.
RECEPTION OF KOSSUTH.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
special order, being the resolution submitted by
Mr. Seward, in these words:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Ufiitpd States in Congress assembled, That the Con-
fess oi the United States, in the name and in behalfol th«
people oi' the United Staiea, givp, to Lonif. Koj.--.utb a cor-
dial welcomc to the capital and to tin1 oountiy; and that
a copy of Hub resolution be transmitted to him by the Pras-
dmit of the United States.
When the resolution- was under consideration
yesterday,
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi, said: I regret ex-
ceedingly to feel constrained to say something
more in defence of myself and in explanation of the
attitude which I occupy in connection with this
truly delicate and painful affair. But several
remarks have fallen this morning from the lips of
the honorable Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clem-
ens] which compel me to throw myself again
 /
gether. I shall therefore vote against the resolu- jj upon the indulgence of the Senate for "a few mm~
tion. J] utes, whilst I endeavor to shield myself against
that reprehension to which it is most apparent I
must stand exposed should I remain silent under
the strictures to which 1 have been so unexpected-
ly, and I will add so undeservedly, subjected.
Sir, it is most true that I am the author of the
resolution which has been read in our hearing this
morning by the honorable Senator from Alabama,
under the authority of which the illustrious cham-
pion of Hungarian freedom and independence
was- invited to our hospitable shore#, and made for
The yeas and nays being taken on the propo-
sition, resulted—yeas 20, nays 24; as follows;
YEAt*—Messrs. Bradbury, Blight, Brodhead, Cass,
Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douslas,
T)ownf , Felch, Foote of Mississippi, Owin, Hamlin, Hun-
ter, James, Jones of Iowa, Noiris, Sumner, Walker, and
Whitcomb—90.
NAS'S—Messns. Atchison, Radger, Berrien. Boilaud,
Butler, Claifce, Davis, Dawson, Fish, Foot of Vermont,
Geyer, Hale. Miller, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Khett, St ward,
Shields, Smith, Spruance, Stockton, Upham3,and Wade
—24.
