1840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19.
of claims. Having examined the matter, he fur-
nisher] me with a written statement, in which he
says he U unable to come to a conclusion that he
h«H the right, by law, to pay it. There is no dif-
ficulty about tiie amount. ThtU has already been
ascertained by the accounting officer of the Gov-
ernment. There is a balance of this appropria-
tion that is not wanted for any other purpose. It
is necessary, however, to confer upon the con-
trolling officer authority to pay this claim out of
the balance remaining. That is ail there js of this
matter, and here is a written statement from the
Comptroller stating these facts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
that f am acquainted with the fact, but I under-
stand that this claim has been allowed, and that
the Secretary of the Interior has made a requisi-
tion upon the Treasury for the payment of it to
some claims agents of this city, who have been
endeavoring to get the claim allowed, and who
have filed a caveat against the paynfentof it to
David Taylor, until he pays his agent. Are these
the facts?
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman is mistaken.
So far as I can learn the tacts from the Comptrol-
ler, a requisition was made upon the Secretary
of the Interior; hut when the claim came before
Mr. Wlntciesey, the First Comptroller, he stated
that upon an examination of the law making the
appropriation, he entertained doubts whether he
could pass the claim, because this class of claims
had not been appropriated for. Thatisthe point.
A communication from Mr. Whittlesey, which I
will in a moment send to the Clerk's desk to be
read, I think will satisfy the gentleman this
amendment should be passed. Mr. Whittlesey,
a few evenings since, called at my room expressly
to recommend my attention to this subject, ff
there is any agent of claims concerned about it, I
know nothing of the fact. I will ask the Clerk to
redd the communication I send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Trtasury Department. )
Comptroller's Ofuce, July 15/A,, 1852. \
My dear Sir : I have not been able to see l)avi<1 Taylor
this morning, and do not know what disposal lie made of
my decision. Iti* too long to copy now, and I am afraid
I Shall not have time to make his case known to you intel-
ligibly.
David Taylor married a Cherokee female. The State of
TVim< «*•< , (I think that was the Stare.) by legislation
compelled an abandonment of Ivr ricrht to a reservation.
By the Ian clause ot the thirteenth articleol the Cherokee
treaty ofthe 29th of December, 1833, the United States
agreed to pa v this da*2 of claimants —( Vol. 7. fndian Trea-
tie*,48\.) On the ^d day ot July, J836, Confess made
eleven approbations m carrv the Cheioltee treaties into
effect. They amount to $600,3(57 —(Vol f>, jmffe5 73-4.)
Neither appiopi lation is lor this class ofelainis. It was the
practice, however, until 1840, to pay this class of claims
out of the appropriation* mentioned. The Titdian5? com-
plained, and when the treaty of August 6, 18-16, was con-
cluded, the United States agreed to icfund to the Chero-
kee*! what had been thu< impioperly charged. Albion K.
Pariis, Second ComptioHer,\\ae; one ofthe commi'^-ioner?,
and alter the treaty of 1846, he lefu^ed to M<jn anv requisi-
tion, charging upon the appiopriations of July 2d, 1836.
the payment of anv claim of the of D.ivid Tavloi *s
claim Bet-iy Mcintosh had a claim of the «-ame kind of
David Tavlor'<. and bv a joint resolution of March 14th,
1818, C'ongirvs directed u to be paid out ol the balance ot
the appropiiation of Jnlv2d, 1836.
Tins is a legislative construction given hv Congress.
I labored much in the investigation of thesetieaties and
laws, with the dearie to come to the conclusion that David
Taylor might, without Anther legislation, be paid out of the
balance ofthe said appropnations: but i am convinced )i"
cannot be so paid, without violating the Constitution and i
the laws, unless Cnmire^ shall «o direct. The b.dance is  |
not wanted l< r the pui pose for which it was oni>inallyappio |
priated, as other provisions were made under the tieatv of
1846. David Taylor has been hete a long tune, and if you
can contiihute toward* a - peedy payment ofhu claims, you
will advance the cnu-e of justice.
I bubmitthe form o4' an amendment.
Most sinceielv. \out«,
KLISIIA WfiITTLESE Y.
Hon. JAMrs L. Cono^r,
House of Represent alive?.
Mr. CONGER. It will be observed that he
only doubts as to whether he can pay the claim out
of any of the appropriations which were formerly
supposed to include everything provided for in the
treaty. Upon an examination of the law and
treaty referred to, I fully concur with the Comp-
troller in his consti ua:on, that although the claim
is embraced in the treaty, that class of claims arc
not provided for by any one of the specified appro-
priations. Among the laws of the Twentieth
Con^rfss is the case of Betsy Mackintosh, one
similar to this. In that case, a resolution was
passed authorizing: the payment of the amount
claimed out of this fund. This is what Mr. Whit-
tlesey refers to as a legislative construction of the
act. There is no doubt with lefeience to the
amount of the claim. He doubts whether he cou d
pay the amount out of these appropriations, and
for that reason asks the passage of the amendment
X have offered.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to come in after line three hundted
and twenty-eight, on page fifteen:
Provided, That aii money appropriated by the three
foregoing clauses, together with ail similar appropriations,
m IboU and ISo 1 lor the Eel river Miamies, heietotore with-
held tioia payment, shall be paid to said Eel rivei Miamies
only, and to no other baud whatevei, or individuals; and
that all annuities heietoioie duo and uppiopnated to the
ii.jt river Miamies, but enoueoualy or otherwise paid to the
Miami nation, shall be paid to the Eel river Miamies, out of
money appiopnated in Jboi-'o-i lor payment oi annuities
to said Miami nation; oi,if the Commissioner ot liuluiu
Affairs deem it moie expedient and just to the Indians,
shall be paid, and is hertby appropnated out ot the Tieas-
urv of the United estate*, to be repaid to the United estates
by being withheld from the Miami annuities, in  ueh in-
stallments a© the Commissioner may deem expedient.
Mr. F. The Eel river Miamies are a small band,
and gentlemen of the last Congress will recollect
that the existence ot the band was questioned by
myself. They are m my own vicinity. I then
moved a proviso, that the money should not be
paid unless to the Eel liver Miamies themselves, if
such band existed. It was afterwards ascertained
that the band was in existence, but that the money
due them had been paid for several years to an-
other band of Indians by mistake. The annuities
were paid to the Miami nation proper, and not
to the Eel river band, to which they were due.
The existence of the band having been satisfac-
torily asceitamed, it is provided by the amend-
ment that the annuities which have hitheito been
withheld of 1850 and 185J, shall be paid to that
band, and that band only; and further, that the an-
nuities heretofore erroneously paid to the Miamies
shall be lepaid to the Eel Rivers, either out of the
annuities of the Miamies or out of the Treasury,
which is subsequently to be reimbursed in install-
ments out ot the annuities of the Miamies. The
latter course is the one, probably, which the Secre-
tary of the Interior and the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs will adopt, because they state—and I
have their statement before me, which is some-
what voluminous—that justice to the Eel Rivers
demand this money should be paid now, and that
if the amount, some $13,000, were to be taken out
ofoneortwo annuities ofthe Miamies, they would
be reduccd to a sum which would scarcely meet
their wants. Hence it is they propose to pay it
out of the Treasury, which is to be reimbursed in
small installments out of the annuities of the
Miamies. The papers in the case are two volumin-
ous to be read under the five minutes, and it is
sufficient to say that the matter has been before
the Indian Committee two or three times—the
present and the last two years, and that in every
instance it has met with its approbation. I do
not think there can be a shadow of a doubt of the
correctness of the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON". I understand the gentleman
to state that the money which ought to have gone
to the Eel Rivers has been paid to the Miamies,
who were not entitled to it, and that the proposi-
tion now is to pay out of the annuities of the
Miamies proper, enough to refund what had been
taken fiom ths Eel Rivers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes,slr;itis
simply to say that not a cent shall come from the
Treasury of the United States. It is merely a
settlement between a tribe of Indians and a baud
of that tribe.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indians Affairs to oiler the following
amendment, to come in after line three hundred
and thirty-seven:
Foi additional compensation for the sale of their lands
in tne ^tate ot Wisconsin, by tieatv of Oetobt r lfth, 1848,
,y221.840, the vame to be paid in such sums and at Mich
tune.-, wiib the approbation ot such nation, as the President
may think most conducive to liieir piospeiity and happi-
ness.
That, the committee will perceive, is the amend-
ment m regard to the Menomonees of which I gave
notice some days since. The facts in the case I
have already fully set forth to the committee, and
if I know anything of the matter—and I have in-
vestigated it with some deliberation—set forth cor-
rectly. No matter whether it was a mistake or
whether it was intentional, they were mode to self
five million acres ofland for the price of less than
two million acres by the terms1 under which the
commissioner was instructed to purchase the land.
They were dissatisfied with the terms of the treaty,
and they remonstrated against it at the time, and
they have continued their remonstrance till this
time. The amendment has the recommendation
of not only the Indian Bureau and the Secretary
of the Interior, but it has the indorsement of the
President. It therefore comes before us in a
shape which I leally think the committee can
scarcely question.
Mr CARTTER. How much money does the
amendment involve?
Mr. FITCH. Two hundred and twenty-nne
thousand eight hundred and forty dollars,the bal-
ance due them for the difference between one mil-
lion and three million twenty-three thousand acres
of land.
Mr. HOUSTON". What amount of land does
the gentleman propose to pay for by his amend-
ment?
Mr. FITCH. I will state that the map, and the
opinion of the Attorney Geneial, which was based
upon the map and treaties, gave the Department
reason to believe that the Menomonees were pos-
sessed of threemilhons and twenty-three thousand
acres of land. That was the amount which the
Commissioner was instructed to purchase on cer-
tain terms, and which the present Commissioner
of Indian Affairs and the Secretary of the Interior
think ought to be paid for now. With that amount
the Indians will probably he satisfied.
Mr. HOUSTON". Was there any specific
amount in the treaty?
Mr. FITCH. There was not.
Mr. HOUSTON. What amount did they sup-
pose they ceded ?
Mr. FITCH. They ceded upwards of five
millions.
Mr. HOUSTON. What amount did they sup-
pose they were ceding?
Mr. FITCH. They supposed they were ceding
5,000,000 to 7,000,000 acres. Our Government
supposed they were buying 3,023,000 acres. The
land is not surveyed. I noticed that my friend
from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] fell into an error in
stating the amount was found to be 5,000,000 acres
on being surveyed. It is now being surveyed.
The General Land Office, upon a correct' esti-
mate, have ascertained the amount to be at least
5,000,000 acres. The Indians have ceded all
their land, of whatever amount, but it is thought
they will be satisfied if we pay them for what we
supposed they were possessed of at the time of the
treaty, viz: 3,023,000 acres. We have paid them
by the tieaty for 1,600,000 acres of it. The bal-
ance of the 3,023,800 acres is what we contemplate
paying them now.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I understand we are
paying for the difference between 3,023,000 acres
and 1,600,000 acres.
Mr. FITCH. Exactly; that is what is asked.
The question then being on Mr. Fitch's amend-
ment—
Mr. KING, of New York, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Briggs and
Moi.ony were appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 83, noes 42.
So the amendment was agreed to.
[A message from the Sena e, by Mr. Machen,
its Chief Clerk, was here received, informing
the House that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles, viz:
48. An act for the relief of John Devlin;
325. An act for the relief of Samuel W. Chilson;
343. An act for the relief of John McAvoy;
341. An act for the relief of Nathan Weston,
jun.,late additional paymaster in the United States
'Army;
342. An act for the t elief of Riclmrd W. Bouton,
Geoi^e Wright, and the widow of Marvin W.
Fisher;
345. An act for the relief of Gideon Hotchkiss;
and
376. An act for the relief of W. R. Nevins.
And that the Senate insisted upon their second
amendment to the amendment of this House to the
Senate's twenty-fifth amendment to the bili of tha
