64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 11.
a season the guest of the nation. It is equally true
that at the time of the adoption of this resolution
this renowned personage was a prisoner in charge
of the Turkish Government, and that the main
object which I had in view m urging the adop-
tion of the resolution was to procure the liberation
of Kossuth and his companions in captivity, and
to secure to them a permanent asylum in this
country, where the liberty of which they had been
cruelly despoiled in their native hemisphere might
be restored to them once more. It is also true,
sir, that this resolution did not at all contemplate,
the least indelicate or intrusive intermeddling on
the part of the Government of the United States
with the affairs of continental Europe. It never en-
tered into my head for a moment that this move-
ment could in the least degree embarrass or com-
promise our international relations, or commit this
Republic to the multiplied hazards of a bloody
and exhausting war with the despotic powers of
the Old World- I expected Governor Kossuth
and his associates in imprisonment to be brought
in one of our national vessels across the Atlantic,
and to be allowed to become participants with
ourselves in the multiplied blessings which a
bounteous Providence has vouchsafed to the hap-
py millions who inhabit this fair land. Our reso-
lution did express sympathy for those in behalf
of whom it was drawn up and presented for the
consideration of the two Houses of Congress;
but it did not express more sympathy, I am sure,
than was felt by the whole body of our citizens,
and was but faintly typical of that extraordinary
outburst of affectionate legard and admiration
with which this remarkable man is destined to
be received in every part of our wide-spread Re-
public that may hereafter be honored with his
presence. I have already stated once or twice,
and I will again state, that 1 did not originate
the resolution introduced by me in the begin-
ning of our present session, and afterwards with-
drawn because of the vehement opposition which
I saw it was to encounter here, for the sake
of gaming a little additional notoriety, or even be-
cause I had myself come to the conclusion that
any particular form of reception by Congress was
indispensably nei,cssaiy. Indeed, I should never
have connected myself witii the ailair at all, but for
the fact that the gentleman who discharges with
such marked ability the duties of Secretary of
State at the present time did me the honor of call-
ing my attention to the subject a day or two before
the commencement of our session, and urged upon
me the propriety of bringing forward a joint reso-
lution providing for the reception of Governor
Kossuth by the two Houses of Congress. Sir, it
is not as a political ally that I refer to Air. Web-
ster at present, and surely not in the spirit of
mere partisan opposition. The occasion is one, in
my judgment, far above all mere party or personal
considerations. But censured and carped as I am
i in consequence of the part which I have thought
proper to act, under monitions from so high a
quarter, I will say, that no one who knows the
Secretary of State, and is familiar with the attri-
butes which adorn his character as a public man,
can suppose it possible that he could have coun-
selled a movement calculated in the least degree to
compromise our international relations. When I
first proposed to the Senate the resolution offered
by me, 1 distinctly stated the fact, that I acted under
the advice of the Secretary of State, and that his
name was mentioned in connection with this move-
ment with the knowledge and consent of that gen-
Jeman himself. jN'ow, sii, this is no fitting time or
place for the delivery of a personal eulogy upon the
accomplished statesman, jurist, and orator, to
whose special promptings I have thought it not
improper for me to yield, touching a transaction,
ail the bearings of which, whether domestic or
foreign, I could not doubt his capacity fairly to
appreciate; especially did I deem it discreet to
conform my action to his counsels upon this very
delicate subject, m consideration of the fact that
he was discharging the functions of a high office
under the Government, the incumbency of which
necessarily enabled him to take a more extended !
view than any other man of all our international !
relations, and qualified him, above all men livin0-, |
to determine as to the precise mode in which the 1
various Departments of the Government should
receive the distinguished guest of the nation at the
nation's ctipiml. Sir, T have said that 1 should
deliver no eulogy on Mr. Webster, He needs
none at my hands. His fame fills the civilized
world, and his name has become a terror to
tyrants throughout Christendom. Indeed, I could
not, perhaps, declare all the admiration which I
feel for this gentleman ?s high powers and gracious
qualities, without giving rise perchance to some
suspicion that 1 was about to become the special
supporter and advocate of his claims to higher
official honors than he has yet enjoyed. Not being
willing to incur the risk of an imputation which
might embarrass my existing relations with the
: members of that great political party with which
I have long had the honor of holding a firm and
affectionate alliance, (relations, too, which no man
could value more highly than I do;) and not
feeling authorized, as a member of the Union party
of my own beloved State, at present absolutely
to commit myself in regard to the complex ques-
tion of who shall be elected President in 185*2—I
shall, without saying more in praise of New Eng-
land 's gifted son myself, bring forward a witness
in his behalf whose eloquent voice has been often
heard in this grand Hall of national consultation,
and whose manly advocacy of the Constitution
and laws of the iTruon during that fearful struggle
which, I hope, is now drawing to a close, will
command for his winged words of fervent energy
a more than patient hearing from those whom I
behold before me and around me upon this grave
occasion. Mr. Choate, the other day, in Faneuil
Hall, spoke thus of Mr. Webster, in connection
with the uncertain and tumultuous condition of
the general affairs of the world at the present
moment:
I <•' How unsettled is that world, what clouds and dai kness
I rests on it-3 futuioof the next f'oui \ eats, you all appiemite.
! It seems as it the preiogative5  or' throne;., and the lights of
! man, and the hoauled up revenges arid ftiiefs of centimes,
j wete unsheathing tor a conflict, in winch, as in the apnea-
j hptie vision, blood shall llow to the bodies of the hordes ;
! m which the clock ol time shall be found to have smick
I another hour; in which one acre of theiaceshall pass away
i forever; in which sociotv itself is to lie tried by fhe and
i steel, whother it be of natine and of OJod, or no
| "Jn sueh a conflict have we nothing to fear? Has not
' the whole expanse of the Atlantic, since Washington put
lorth hi> pioehuuation of neutnihty, not the len^t of ins title?
1 to a puie as well a* brilliant fame, has it not contacted, as
if weie, to a hand's breadth? That same eto^s sea, that
continence ol all wuuh and waves, through which the ureat
pilot scai'-ely jstecied the ship of state, is there no danger
that tin*, that worse than this, will stiani oni fastenings
and rend away out sails, and cativ our ma^ts by the board ?
Shall iiny seamanship but the highest hold the helm m such
a prospect?
" Who does not sec how difficult and delicate a part the
New World may have to act? To observe neuti ah ty stead-
fast and impartial, yet maintain our lank and fulfill our mis- j
sion as the successful Republic, whose sound has gone into j
all nations; to keep peace m this wai of giants, it such I
theie shall be, \et so to cause our light to slime before all j
men, that all, seeing with what fWseiU, with what glory
the people may uile themselves, may be stimulated to pass '
on the toieh ot hbeity, till its ladiant round encircles the
woild; to mete out public sympathy in time and measure,
>et hold unbroken every tittle of the pulihe code to which
: 'the repose of the woild is mtiusTcd? Such, so ha^i to
i reeom ih\ ma> be the tnaN of the next fom ye.tr.-.
u To steer our com se, not hetw pen Sej lla and Charyb-
1 dis, hut acioss a whole aiehipel.igo of locks, seen and un~
. seen, who shall be our pilot? Who of our statesmen in
cneumstanoes moie perplexing than those of the ndmmi*- 1
tuition ol Washington may win a second time such praise, '
sueh envy as he extorted iiom all the world, even fiom the
veiy belligeients who could not, or would not, adopt the
wisdom of his policy? Does our paitiahty deceive us>? oi ;
is it he, in whose intellectual and prudential character are j
so felicitously adjusted the antagonisms of conservatism !
and piogiess, institution and rel'oim, liberty and law, the ,
highest heedom compatible with the scheme of actual !
things on the one hand, and on the othet, outer, obedience, •
thesaciedness of societv, of propeitv, and the rights ot labor;
who settled the boundary quarrel with England by his ;
sense and tenipei, and put an end forever to the possibility 1
; ot impressing a sailor fiom under the stars and stupes, by ;
Ins i?pint and aigument; who rebuked the indolence of |
Austua, and will give the right hand of a nation's fellow- ,
ship to Kossuth—yet rai-e no casus belli on winch Haps- 1
buig or the Czar could stand foi a moment 111 the romui of
States? Does our paitiaht\ deceive u<, or is he the pilot
foi sueh a night on this sea ? "
Mr. President, I agree perfectly with this dis- 1
tinguished gentleman, that we have both " a deii- j
cate and dtfficult part" to act as a nation at ,
the present time. I admit most freely that it is ;
our true policy, and not less our high moral duty, '
" to observe neutrality steadfast and impartial, yet .
' maintain our rank and fulfill our mission as the
' successful Republic, whose sound has gone into
* all nations; to keep pace in this war of giants,
' if such there shall be, yet so to cause our light to ;
' shine before all men, that all, seeing with what :
* fclicity, with what glory, the people may rule
' themselves, may be stimulated to pass on the
* torch of liberty till its radiant round encircles the !
' world; to mete out public sympathy in time and
f measure, yet hold unbroken every tittle of the
4 public code to which the repose of the world is
4 intrusted."
Sir, I subscribe heartily to every word and sen-
timent of this noble paragraph. Is it true, Mr.
President—I hope that no gentleman upon the
Whig side of the Chamber at least will be in-
clined to dispute it—thatm Mr. Webster's "intel-
lectual and prudential character are so felicitously
s adjusted the antagonisms of conservatism and prog-
' ress, institution and reform, liberty arid law, the
* highest freedom compatible with the scheme of
'actual things on the one hand, and on the other,
'order, obedience, the sacredness of society, of
i property, and the rights of labor?" Was it Air.
Webster "who settled the boundary question with
' England by his sense and temper, and put an end
'forever to the possibility of impressing a sailor
' from under the stars and stripes, by his spirit and
'argument; who rebuked the insolence of Austria,
i and will give the right hand of a nation's fellow-
' ship to Kossuth—yet raise no casus belli on which
' Hapsburg or the Czar could stand for a moment
'in the forum of States?" I repeat the question
emphatically, Mr. President, (and m asking 1 turn
to the Whig side of the House,) Is Mr. Webster
deserving of all these commendations, and did I
yet act indiscreetly in acting upon his advice5 Is
the Secretary of State in fact to extend "the right
hand of a nation's fellowship to Kossuth?"—yet
are we censurable for simply urging up«n Congress
the propriety of according to him an affectionate
national welcome?
Mr. President, I shall have more to say of Mr.
Webster (nothing, surely, in a spirit of unkind-
ness or disrespect) towards the close of these
desultory remarks, when I shall undertake to
show, by evidence of a nature not to be success-
fully opposed, that many years since this gentle-
man, m a well-considered and most masterly
speech, gave expression to what I have ever
deemed the true American doctrine, in regard to
the policy of this Government towards the des-
potic Powers of Europe, touching the right claimed
by them of intervening forcibly m the domestic
atfaiis of nations rightfully as independent in all
respects as themselves, in ordei to suppress move-
ments therein tending to the establish mentoffree in-
stitutions. 1 shall lay certain portions of the speech
of this gentleman upon the Greek question, deliv-
ered during the administration of Mr. Monroe,be-
fore the Senate, and I expect to satisfy every dis-
passionate mind present, that even in the year J 823,
language was held by oneofthe most conservative
statesmen that this country has at any time pro-
duced, assuming as high and, as I think, even
higher and bolder ground, in regard to the rights
and duties of this Government to interpose, m a
discreet and becoming manner, for the purpose of
preventing the armed intervention of Kussia,
Prussia, and other Powers, for the suppression of
the rising spirit of freedom in continental Europe.
When I read these extracts, with a view to his-
toric elucidation merely, I hope not to be accused
of having in view the promotion of any public
man whatever to Executive honors m ]852.
With the presidential contest, nowalmost at hand,
I expect to have no very close connection, and I
shall do nothing in the progress of it whatever that
I may not think necessary to the great Union
cause, to which, for the present, I am specially
devoted.
I shall proceed to make, at this time, some ad-
ditional remarks in reply to the honorable Senator
irom Alabama, to whose speech on this occasion
I listened with a chagrin difficult to be expressed.
Sir, I will say nothing disrespectful of that gen-
tleman. I could not do so without greatly wrong-
ing that sincere friendship and esteem which
I cherish for him. Surely, sir, my friend from
Alabama could not have dispassionately exam-
ined the delicate and interesting question before
us anterior to his launching so boldly upon the
ocean of controversy. The honorable gentleman
seems to have formed a highly unfavorable opin-
ion of the public character of the great Magyar
chieftain, and has indulged m various remarks of
a nature decidedly unkind and derogatory. He
has read to us, too, sir, copious extracts from the
columns of a newspaper which he held in his
hands, most bitterly aspersive of the motives and
conduct of this persecuted patriot. Whilst the
honorable gentleman was titus entertaining us,
