976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5.
'Union, accordirfg to their respective numbers,"
and so forth. The Constitution, after prescribing
the mode of computing the representative popula-
tion,^says: "The actual enumeration shall be
4 made within three years after the first meeting of
' the Congress of the United States, and withm
' eyery subsequent term of ten years, in suchman-
' ner as they shall by law direct. The number of
' Representatives shall not exceed, one tor every
'thirty thousand, but each State shall have at
' least one Representative; and until such enumer-
' atiori shall be made, the State of New Hamp-
' shire," &c.- The Constitution then goes on to
enumerate how many Representatives each State
- should feave until an enumeration should take place;
so that the Constitution itself recognizes the prin-
ciple adopted by Congress afterwards, that when
no enumeration had taken place, Congress would
go into an estimate, and allow an apportionment
accordingly; but in no instance, neither in the case
of Alabama, cited by the Senator from Missouri,
nor any other, has it ever been allowed when an
enumeration has been taken.
I.think too much importance is attached to the
idea that there are no returns here, which tlie Sen-
ator from Missouri and others seem to anticipate.
That is not the fact. There are returns. There
are returns, in fact, from every county of Califor-
nia—certainly from every county but one—about
which there is some dispute. All these returns
were made directly, either to the Secretary of the
Interior, or to the Secretary of the State of Califor-
nia, and adopted by the committee. This is not
a case where there are no returns, for there are
returns.
The suggestion, however, is made that the re-
turns are eironeous. I venture to say that errors
may be suggested in the returns of other counties.
There may tie errors suggested in reference to al-
most every county of the Union, perhaps. What
the committee ask is, that we should reiy upon the
returns we have, and make them the rule. The
Senator from Missouri estimates the population of
California at some one hundred and forty thou-
sand, and-therefore says that it was doubtful, ac-
cording to the estimate, whether the fraction of
California would be greater than the fraction of
South Carolina. He thought it hard, therefore,
to deprive South Carolina of a member. JNow,
there is only a difference of about one thousand
between the fraction of Louisiana and the frac-
tion of South Carolina. If the gentleman was in
so much doubt about South Carolina, I should
like to know why there should not be the same
doubt in regard to Louisiana' The case is as strong
m the one instance as in the other. He has doubts
about South Carolina. I can show him that Loui-
siana has a fraction of some twenty-five thousand
more than the fraction which the actual returns give
to California; yet he would give California an ad-
ditional member for her fraction, and exclude Lou-
isiana. It seems to me that there is more difficulty
in (he amendment than a great many suppose.
Mr. BADGER. I think the Senator from
Louisiana has been entirely unsuccessful m en-
deavoring to show that there is anything in the
Constitution contrary to the view which 1 took
upon the subject, or warranting by its direct
terms, or the meaning which could be attached to
it at the time by those who framed it, the admis-
sion of members on the floor of the other House
by estimateinanycase. Take new States at their
admission. ■ The Constitution says that repre-
sentation shall be distributed according to popu-
lation. It says that the actual enumeration shall
be made"withm three years after its adoption, for
the purpose of ascertaining the population by
which enumeration is to be fixed; and then it says,
until that enumeration has been made the States
shall be entitled to so and so. The argument
founded upon that is clearly this; Representation
shall be given according to population always
after the enumeration has been made. The Con-
stitution itself gives representation by estimate.
That was absolutely necessary. But its language
is, that until the enumeration which it directs shall
be made, this representation by estimate shall
obtain. If you argue from that provision, so far
from its authorizing representation by estimate
upon the admission of a State, it would abso-
lutely forbid it. The rule is, representation ac-
cording to the population ascertained by actual
census, or enumeration; but until there shall have
been a census—until the first census—the States
should be entitled to so and so. How are they
entitled to be afterwards ? According to enumer-
ation, beyond all dispute; and therefore, it would
have followed, carrying out that literal interpre-
tation, that when a new State was admitted, in
respect to which there had been, and could have
been no enumeration, the State would have been
entitled to but one member; for if you refer to
that provision, which gave representation, under
the Constitution, conjecturally orby estimate, that
obtained only until the first enumeration had
been made, and after an enumeration, according
to the express provisions of the Constitution, the
representation was to be distributed according to
the results of that enumeration; each State, how-
ever, being absolutely entitled to one member of
the House of Representatives, it would have fol-
lowed that the new States coming in would have
had but one member.
Now, what has Congress done? In four differ-
ent instances of the admission of new States, they
have received two members by estimate upon their
admission. That settles, if anything can settle,
the interpretation of Congress upon the subject;
and that is, that although the rule given by the
Constitution is to go by the enumeration—although
the rule given in the Constitution is, that without
any enumeration, aSLatecan be but entitled to one
member, yet it is only a general rule, and in ex-
traordinary cases, in order to do justice, Congress
may give representation by estimate. My friend
from Louisiana says, that cannot apply to this
case, because there has been an enumeration.
Why, has there been an enumeration ' Has there
been such an enumeration, as for his State, or for
my State, or any other State in this Union?
Doubtless, in many of the States there may have
been errors. There will be errors. Absolute cer-
tainty—precise accuracy—cannot be attained; but
has theie been tn California any thing that deserves
the name of enumeration ? Does it furnish us an
approximation ? Is there any reasonable prob-
ability that what is called an enumeration fur-
nishes us with ihe inhabitants of California?
These questions must be all answered in the neg-
ative; and then we must either regulate the rep-
resentation of California contrary to the plainest
and most evident probabilities of the case upon a
defective and discredited enumeration, or we must
do justice to her, by assuming, what there is the
highest probability of, to believe, that she had in
1850 a population ample to entitle her, under the
census act of 1850, to two Representatives.
I do not put it upon the size of the fraction. I
am satisfied that California had population enough
to entitle her by actual numbers to two Represent-
atives. Whatever we do, I would not willingly
do injustice to her, nor would I, by any means,
take any movement by which South Carolina
should be deprived of a member to which, under
the act of 1850, she is entitled. In order to do jus-
tice to California, and meet as well as we can as
statesmen, as men acting under peculiar circum-
stances, what better can we do than for the present
decennial period to add otie member to the House
of Representatives, and to give that member to
California, without interfering with the apportion-
ment among the other States'
My friend says that Louisiana comes within a
thousand, or something like that, of having as
large a fraction as South Carolina. I should have
precisely the same feeling if Louisiana had the
larger fraction. It is not that 1 would be unwil-
ling to do justice less to Louisiana than to South
Caiolina; but South Carolina is actually entitled,
under the law of 18,50, to this member, because she
has the largest fraction. Why sheuld we take that
right from her ? It is a right under that law—an
unquestionable and clear right. Why take it
from her? if her fraction exceeds that of Loui-
siana by one, it gives her, under the law, a right.
On what principle could we take it from her?
Then it seeftis to me that the only alternative left
to us is to add a member to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and give it to California.
These are the views that strike me. I have no
interest in this question. It does not concern my
State. It neither decreases nor enlarges her rep-
resentation. She has no fraction to entitle her.
She loses one member under the census. She must
submit to the law. South Carolina loses one, and
but for her fraction, would lose two. I think, on
the whole, that under the circumstances, what
was said by my friend from Missouri is true.
This is a difficult case. It is not without its em-
barrassments. But I think the proposition con-
tained in the amendment is the best we can do.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am not exactly pre-
pared to vote on this question this evening. I
would rather it should lie over until to-morrow,
and, therefore, I move an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 5, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces that
the first business in order is the resolution in ref-
erence to the compromise measures, proposed by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Jackson,] oa
the 22d March, upon which the previous question
has been demanded.
The resolution is as follows:
'•Resolved, That we recognize the binding efficacy of the
compioimaes of the Constitution, and believe it to be the
intention of the people generally, as we hereby declare it
to be ours individually, to abide sueli compromises, and
to sustain the laws necessary to carry them out—the pre-
vision for the delivery of fugitive slaves and the act o! the
last Congress for that purpose included—and that we depre-
cate all further agitation of questions growing out of that
piovision, of the questions embraced in the acts of the last
Congress known as the compromise, and of questions pen-
eraiiy connected with the institution of slavery, as unneces-
sary, useless, and dangerous."
Mr. HILLYER. I would respectfully ask my
colleague [Mr. Jackson] to withdraw his motion
for the previous question, that I may propose an
amendment to the resolution. I will renew the
motion for the previous question after the amend-
ment which I am about to propose has been ac-
cepted. I ask that the amendment may be read
for the information of the House.
Mr. JACKSON. I do not understand what
my colleague [Mr. Hillyer] wishes. I wish to
understand from him what his object is?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Hillyer] appeals to his colleague, [Mr.
Jackson,] who offered the resolution before the
House, to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, to enable him to propose an amendment,
which will be read for the information of the
House.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a point of order. I
want to get in some resolutions myself for inform-
ation. But before that is done, 1 make the point
of order, that the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Jackson,] who offered the resolution two weeks'
ago, is not entitled to the floor.
Mr. GENTRY'. Is not, or was not ?
Mr. STANLY. Was not entitled to the floor,
and is not, as a matter of course; and, to sustain
that, I send to the Chair, to be read by the Clerk,
an extract from the Congressional Globe of the
next day, which shows what the proceedings were,
and upon that, after it is read, I propose, with the
permission of the Speaker, to submit most briefly
such remarks as I have to make, to show that the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Jackson] was not
entitled to the floor, according to the rules of this
House. I hope the papers which I send to the
Chair may be read by the Clerk.
Mr. HALL. Is it not too late to rise to a point
of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair trusts that the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
will be permitted to state fully his question of order,
and that the Chair will be heard in response. The
Chair doubts, however, whether the question is
debatable.
Mr. STANLY. I do not wish to violate the
rules of the House. I only want to state distinctly
the point.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
to have the paper read?
Mr. STANLY. 1 do.
The paper was then read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
"Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas. It is about the usual time
for adjournment, and as we are not likely to make any prog-
ress in thy bill to day, I move that the committee do now
rise.
" The motion was agreed to.
"The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
