66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. II,
disreputf the principles of our Government, and indeed, to
be wholly incompatible with any degree of national inde-
pendence. I do not introduce these considerations for the
sake of topics. I am not about to declaim against crowned
heads, nor to quarrel with any country lor pi efen u x a foi in
of government different from our own. The choice that
we exercise for ourselves I am quite willing' to leave also
to others, but it appears to me that the pretentions of which
I have spoken aie wholly inconsistent with the independ-
ence of nations generally, without regard to the question
whether their governments he absolute, monarchical, and
limited, or purely popular and representative. I have a
most deep and thorough conviction that a new era has
risen irr the world, that new and dar.gcmus combination-*
are taking place, promulgating doctrines and fraught with
consequences wholly subversive in their tendency, ot the
public law 01 nations, and of the general liberties of man-
kind. Whether this be so or not, N the question which I
now propose to examine, upon such grounds of informa-
tion as the common and public means of knowledge dis-
close."
Mr. Webster then proceeds to examine, and to
comment with great freedom and boldness upon
various public, documents, bearing evidence of the
formal combination which had been entered into
by the despotic Powers of Europe against free
institutions, and give*? expression to the following
generous sentiments:
t( But the <spcond, and, if possible, the still more objec-
tionable principle, avowed in these papers, is the right of
forcible interference in the athitrs of other States. A right
to control nations in their deshe to change then own gov-
ernment, wheievcr it. may be conjectured, 01 pretended,
that such change might furnish an example to the subjects
of other States, is plainly and distinctly a^seited. The
same Congress that mad.1 the declaration at La\ bach, had
declared, before its removal from Troppau,' that the Pow-
4 ers have an undoubted right to lake a hostile attitude in
c regard to those States in which the overthrow of the gov-
1 ernment may operate as an example.'
" There cannot, as 1 think, be conceived a more flagrant
violation of public law, or national independence, than is
contained in this declaiation.
"No matter what be th<> chaiacter of the governmentre-
sisted; no matter with what weight the foot of the oppres-
sor bears on the neck of the oppressed ; if he struggle, or if
he complain, he sets a dangerous example of instance—
and from that moment he becomes an object of hostility to
the mo«t powerful potentates on the earth. J want words
to express my abhorrence of this abominable principle."
But, Mr. President, it seems that we are now
urged by certain honorable Senators to be exceed-
ingly cautious how we receive Kossuth, or hazard
a declaration of opinions which may by onssibil-
ity give offence to the Emperor of Russia. We
are urged to do nothing that can possibly have
the effect of wounding his delicate sensibilities.
Well, sir, if { thought that the language of manly
indignation uttered by members of this body
could awaken the least remorse or mortification
in the ice-bound bosom of this potential person-
age, and constrain him, for a single moment,
to open the portals of his iron heart to the throb-
bings of a genial sympathy towards the millions
whom he has so cruelly oppressed, and the hun-
dreds of thousand* whom he has so ruthlessly
slaughtered in Hungary and in Poland, I should
even be willing to continue this debate a day or
two longer, as fatiguing and disagreeable as it has
certainly become to those participating m it, and
as offensive and disgusting as it has also become
to the whole country. But to return to Mr. Web-
ster's speech. He says, in relation to the princi-
ple of forcible intervention:
"I trust every enlightened man throughout the woild
will oppose it, and that ^«pncially, tho«e who. Iik^ our«eivps,
are fortunately out of the reach of the bayonets that enforce
it, will proclaim their detestation of it in a tone both loud
and decisive. The avowed object of such declarations is
to preserve the peace of the world. But bv what means is
. it proposed to pjescrve this peace? Simply, by bringing
the power of all governments to beat against all subject*.
Here ia to be established a -ort of double, or treble, or
quadruple, or, for aught T know, a quintuple allegiance.
An offence against one king is to he an otlenee asauvt all
kings, and the power of all is to be put foith for the pun-
ishment ot the offender. A light to interfile m extreme
eases, in the case of contiguous ^tate*, and when: immi-
nent danger is threatened to one by what k- tianvpning in
another, is not without precedent m modem time^, upon
what lias been called the law of vicinage ; and when eon-
fined to extreme eases, and limited to a eeitain evtent, it
may perhaps be defended upon puneiples of neeesMtv and
self-defence. But to maintain that sovereigns may co to
war upon the subjects of another State to repress an ex-
ample, is monstrous indeed. What w to he the limit of
such a principle, or to the practice growing out of it?
What, in any case, hut sovereign pleasure is to decide
whether the example be good or bad ? And what, undei
the operation of such a ride, umy be thought of oui exam-
ple ? Why are we not as tan objects for the operation of
the new principle, as any of those who may attempt to re-
form the condition of their Government, on the other side
of the Atlantic?"
An extract or two more, and I am done;
" This asserted right of forcible intervention, in the
affairs of other nations, is in open violation of the public
law of the world. Who has authorized these learned doc-
tors of Troppau to establish new articles in this code ?
Whence are their diplomas? Is the whole world expected
to acquiesce in principles which entirely subvert the inde-
pendence of nations ? On the basis ol' this, independence
has been reared the beautiful fabric of international law.
On the principle of this independence, Europe has seen a
family of nations flourishing within Jts limits—the smalt
aiming the laige—protected not always by power, but by a
principle above power—by a sense ot propriety and justice.
On this principle the great commonwealth of civilized
States has been hitherto upheld. There have been occa-
sional departures," or violations, and always disastrous, as
in the case of Poland; hut, m general, the harmonj of the
system has been wonderfully preserved. In the production
and pieservation of this sense of justice, this predomi-
nating principle, the Christian religion has acted a main
part. Ctmstiamty and civilization have labored togethei;
itseems, indeed, to be a law of our human condition, that
they can live and flourish only togethci. From their blended
influence has arisen that delightful spectacle of the preva-
lence of reason and principle, over powei and interest, so
well described by one who was an honor to the agc—
' And sovereign L,aw, the world's collected will,
O'ei thrones and globes elate,
Sits Empress—crowning good, repressing ill:
tfinit by liei sacred frown,
The (lend, Discretion, like a vapot, sinks,
And e'en the all-dazzling crown
Hides his faint rayt , and at her bidding shrinks.'
But this vision is past. "While the teachers of Lay bach
give the uile, there will be no law but the law of the
stionge t.
'• f t may now be required of me to show what intei est we
have, in resisting this new system. What i« it to us, it
may be a<ked, upon what pimeiples, or what pretences,
the Kmopuan governments assert a right of interfeimg in
the affairs of then neighbois ? The thunder, it may be
said, rolls at a distance. The wide Atlantic is between us
and danger; and, however others may snffei, we shall re-
main safe.
iC T think it a sufficient answer to this to say, that we are
one of the nations; that we have an interest", therefore, in
the preservation ot that system of national law and na-
tional intercourse, which lias heiotofure subsisted, so bene-
ficially for all. Our system of government, it should al-o
be remembered, is, throughout, founded on ptmciploMittcily
hostile to the now code ; and, if we remain undistmhed by
lt-J opeiation, we shall owe oui sociuity eilhei to our situa-
tion oi oui spnit. The cnterpnMng chaiacter of the age,
our own active comniescial spirit, tin: gicat increase which
has taken place tn the intercourse between civilized and
commercial States, have necessauly connected us with the
nations or the earth, and given us a high concern m the
preservation oi those salntaiy punoiplos, upon which that
mteicouise is founded. We have as clear an interest m
international law, as individuals have m the laws of so-
ciety.
"But, apart from the soundness of the policy, on the
giound of diiect interest, we have, sir, a duty connected
with this subject, which, I mist, we aie willing to perfoim.
What do we not owe to the cause of civil and religious
liberty ? to the punciple of lawful resistance ? to the prin-
ciple that society has a right to partake m its own govern-
ment? As the leading Republic oi the woild, living and
breathing tn these principle^, and advancer!, by their oper-
ation, with unequalled rapidity m our career, shall we give
our consent to bring them into disrepute and disgrace? It
ia neither ostentation nor boasting to say, that there lie be-
fote this countiy, m immediate prospect, a gieat extent and
height of power. We aie borne along towards this, with-
out effort, and not always- even with a full knowledge ot the
rapidity of our own motion. Circumstances, which never
combined befoie, have combined m oui favor, and a mighty
cunent is setting us fonvaid, which we coqld not ie*ist,
even if we would, and which, while we would stop to
make an observation, and take the sun, lias set us. at the
end of the operation, mi in advance of the place where we
commenced U Does it not become us, then—is it not a
duly impo: od on us—to «ive oui wcutht to the side of lib-
city and justice—to let mankind know that we aie not tned
of our own institutions—ami to protest against theasseited
power of aheung, at pleasure, the law of the civilized
world?"
! Mr. President, I cannot conclude without ex-
i pressing the deep regret which I feel that circum-
stances should have amen of a nature to make it
apparently necessary that so much should be said
in defence of a movement which, I do not doubt,
I will be warmly approved by nine tenths of the
1 free and enlightened citizens of this great Repub-
lic. I hope that we may soon come to a vote
upon the resolution,
Mr. BERRIEN. The question is on the
amendment which I have had the honor of sub-
mitting to the Senate. It contains two proposi-
sitious. First, it proposes to extend this welcome
to the associates of Governor Kossuth. And sec-
ondly, disclaims the purpose which is there stated.
I apprehend, therefore, that the Chan* will concur
with me that it is susceptible of division.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly. The amend-
ment contains two distinct propositions, and the
question can be taken separately upon each.
Mr. BERRIEN. 'At the suggestion of Sen-
ators, then, I ask that the question may be di-
vided.
The PRESIDENT. The question, then, is on
the first branch of the amendment:
be it further revived, That the welcome thus offered
to Louis Kossuth be extended to l>is associate flungariai*
exiles who have landed wpon our shores.5J
Mr. SEWARD. I see no objection to that
proposition, and if it will commend the mail*
resolution to the favor of the Senator, I shall very
cheerfully vote for it.
Mr. BERRIEN asked for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I wish to make
an explanation, lest my vote on tlr's amendment
may place me in a wrong attitude, i thought that
some special respect was due to Governor Kos-
suth over and above his associates. On that
account I shall vote against the amendment, with
the view of making this a special compliment to
Kossuth,
Mr. SHIELDS. I am compelled to vote against
the amendment of the Senator from Geoi^ia. If
it is adopted it will derogate very much from the
original intention. I hold that his associates are
entitled to this honor; but as we commenced with
Kossuth himself, we ought to confine it to him,
regarding him as the representative of Hungary
and as the representative of liberty.
Mr, BADGER. It seems to me that my friend
from Illinois makes a mistake, and that the prem-
ises from which he argues lead to a conclusion
directly opposite that at which he arrived. "We
commenced by the joint resolution of the last
session. We commenced with " Louis Kossuth
and his associates in captivity." The Senator
says he wishes to follow up as we began. How
is that to be done by leaving out the associates of
Kossuth i
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. The gentleman
forgets that we only included these associates in
the proposition of release, and that this is intend-
ed as a cordial welcome to one who is entitled to
be recognized as the personification, the imbodi-
ment of liberty beyond the rolling ocean.
Mr. BERRIEN. We did not merely unite the
associates of Kossuth with him in the proposal
of a release from captivity, but we united them in
inviting to our shores and preparing the means of
transit.
Mr. BADGER. Every word of the original
resolution which applies to Kossuth applies to his
associates.
Mr. CASS said : Mr. President, I shall vote
against the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Berrien,] not because the fellow-suffer-
ers of the illustrious Hungarian leader are not
worthy of respect and commiseration everywhere,
but simply because he comes here as the represent-
ative.of a great principle, and I do not desire to
have our testimonial in its favor weakened by the
introduction of other names or topics. We all
know the effect of amendment after amendment
upon a resolution, and how easily its character
and objects are changed by such proceedings.
For myself, I shall adhere to the purpose we have
in view.
Mr. President, I intended to say something upon
this subject, and I may as well say it now upon
the question before the Senate. This discussion
has taken a very wide range—a very discursive
range. I shall not follow it in its ramifications;
but theie are some observations which I wish
briefly to offer to the Senate,
Now, with respect to the invitation from Con-
gress to Kossuth, I am not going to enter into
any critical analysis of it; I am not going to enter
into any philological examination of its words. It
is idle to say that we invited him as an ordinary
emigrant, to come here to enter his one hundred
and sixty acres of land and take up his residence
m the foiest.
To be sure,the word "emigrants" is used in the
original resolution, but our attention was fixed
upon the leader and his patriotic band, not be-
cause we sought them for the usual purposes of
emigration, but because he had been an apostle
and had become a martyr of liberty, and we de-
sired to honor the cause and to honor the man;
and we were truly anxious to rescue all these inter-
esting sufferers from the evils of captivity, and the
still greater evils impending over them, should
Mohammedan hospitality be compelled to yield
to Christian menaces. We invited the great leader
of a great revolution to come among us, one who
had performed a nobl® part in the history of his
country, in the history, indeed, of the human race.
It was an imposing procedure on our part. It
