076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
resolution of the gentleman from Virginia. I am
in. time now, I think, for tbat proposition.
The Clerk then read Mr, Stanly's resolution,
as follows: -
Polk's .No. 1:
Resolved, That the series of acts passed during the first
session of the Tblrtv-firstCongress, known as the compro-
mise, are regarded as n final adjustment and a permanent
settlement of the questions therein embraced, and should
be maintained and executed as such."
2.—Resolution of Whig caucus at the be-
ginning of this session:
" Resolved, That we regard the series of acts, known as
the adjustment measure*, as forming, in their mutual de-
pepejence and connection, a system ot compromise the
mo.-t conciliatory, and the best for the enlne country that
could be obtained from conflicting sectional interests and
opinion?, and that, therefore, they ouaht to be adhered to
and cariied into latthful execution as a final settlement, in
principle and substance, of the dangerous and exciting sub-
jects which they embrace.
jSfa. 3.—Resolutions offered by Mr. Johnson,
of Arkansas, according to Mr. Bayly's letter—
amended, in italics and brackets:
Resolved; That we regard the series of measures pa^cri
at tile Thirty-fust Congress, commonly called the compro-
mise inea>uie«i, as a ^ertloment of tlio involved
therein, and will abide by them as a permanent adjustment
of the hcciioual controversy, and do herebv declare that
good faith and a patirotic regaid tor the interests oi the
country demand that the provisions contained m paid irseas
ures should be strictly maintained and honestly executed.
Resolved, That any act of Congress aboli>lnng>laver> 111
the Dbtuct of Columbia, without the petition and consent
of the owners thereof; or any act abolishing shivery in plaees i
within the ,slaveho!d ng"States, putchased by the United
States for the erection ot lorts, magazines, ar-enalt-, dock-
yards, nuvy-yardts and other like pmpoti^; oi any a^t nip-
pressing the slave trade between the ■daveholding Stato ; or
any refusal to admif as a State any Teintoiy hcieafter ap-
plying, because of the ctHtcuce < f slaveiv therein, [o: be-
atitse of it-i prohibition therein;] ot any art pmhihi tmg the
introduction of slave into New Mexico oi Utah ; [or any
act allowing the introduction of slaves into New Mexico or
Utah;] or any net repealing or manually moditwng the
Jaws now in foice for the iccoveiyol fugitive slaves"; [or
any act repci/lm* the l<tu> to suppress the \Live trtuJc in the
District of Columbia;"] and all .tiritnhon nh.rh !m-> ior lis
purpose any of tho above named objeew, ill be in viola-
tion of the provisions ot the said mra-vines of ad|u-tmenr,
and must be regarded as opposed to the best interests ot the ■
country, destiuctive of the p"nee of the Union, [am? i • an !
attempt to enfeeble the sacred ties which now link together
the various jwrits.]
Mr. STANLY. I will take either one of my
resolutions in place of the dodging resolutions,
from Georgia, of the other side.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Georgia, the original mover of the resolution,
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
fit the suggestion of his colleague, [Mr. IIill-
YJCR ?]
Mr. JACKSON". In good faith to my colleague
I was disposed to allow him to offer his resolution,
which is tho same as th, t of Mr. Polk, submitted
in the caucus; but notices have been given of so
many resolutions, and apprehending the whole
day may ho c^Msumed in the consideration of
them, 1 decline to withdraw my call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. KING. Let us ha\ e the order of business.
Mr. HILLYER. i ask, Mr. Speakei, that
my colleague 
[Cries of (< Order'" u Order'"]
Mr. KING, of New York. I object to discus-
sion, and call for the question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia is called to order.
Mr. HILLYER. I wish only 
Mr. I3AILEY, of Georgia. Mi. Speaker, I
desired to make an appeal to 
Mr. KING. I object to any discussion.
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman is railed to
order' and the Chair must enforce the rules.
Mr. KING. Let us proceed regularly. I in-
sist upon the strict enforcement of the rules of the
House.
Mr. BAILEY, I rise, Mr. Speaker, for the
purpose of information.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. BAILEY. It is to ask my colleague
whether he does not entrap the House, and myself
especially, by calling for the previous question
upon this resolution ?
Mr. KiXG. The practical mode is to vote
down the call for the previous question. I call the
gentleman to order.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia is out of order; and, being called to order by
several gentlemen, it is "the duty of the Chair to
enforce it.
Mr. BAILEY. I understand that 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must perform
his duty.
Mr. KING. I insist upon my call to order.
Mr- BAILEY. I hope I may have the oppor-
tunity to ask 
[Cries of "OrderI" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must perceive
that it is the duty of the Chair, however disagree-
able it may be, when gentlemen are called to order
to enforce the rules. During the demand for the
previous question, discussion cannot be allowed
except by unanimous consent in any form.
Mr. BA1 LEY. 1 do not wish to disturb the or-
der ofthe House. I will, then, ask the Chair, if
the previous question is not seconded, will I have
the right of being heard upon.the proposition 5
Mr. KING. Certainly, if you obtain the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot possibly
tell what will come up next.
Mr. BAILEY. 1 will be heard at sometime,
then?
Mr. HILLYER. The Chair has decided me
to be out ot order, as J undei stand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does so decide.
Mr. IIILLYER. 1 do not know by what rule
of this House.
[Cries of " Order!'" " Order!"]
Mr. KING. 1 call the gentleman to order, un-
less he appeals from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first respond
to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Hillyer.]
The gentleman from Georgia claims the right to
inteirotate his colleague, [Mr. Jackson-,] upon
the subject of his resolution. The Chair decides
it is not m order. The gentleman feehng he may
possibly be aggrieved under the decision of the
Chair, appeals to the Chair for the rule upon
which 3ns decision is based. The Chair begs leave
to iefer the gentleman from Georgia to the fact,
that dming the demand for the previous question,
no debate, no amendment, is m order. JNo dis-
cussion is m order until the call for the previous
question is disposed of There can be no doubt
about it, and the Chair must insist upon the gen-
tleman's preserving order.
Mr. HILLYER. The Chair misunderstood
my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia rises to a point of order.
Mr. IIILLYER. I did not intend to interro-
gate my colleague. My only purpose was, to ask
htm to withdraw the previous question, to admit
my amendment.
[Cries of k'Oider!" "Older!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Hillyeu,] that
that is done always under the courtesy of the
House, but not under the rules of the House,
when they are stiictly enforced. It is moved that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 will withdraw my motion
for a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on sec-
onding the demand foi the previous question. Is
there a second for the previous question?
Air. KOWLER. 1 wish to inquire 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts use to a point of order ?
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make an inquiry,
whether it is now in order to move to lay the res-
olution upon the table.
[Ones of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to make the proposition. It is in order to move
to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. FOWLER. I move, then, to lay it upon
the table, and upon that motion ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
[Cries of " Call the roll!" " Call the roll!"]
Mr. FOWLER. Some gentlemen here are
anxious for the previous question, and I will with-
draw my motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. POLK. I renew the motion to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Air. CLINGMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. STANLY. Will a motion for a call ofthe
House take precedence of that motion ?
The SPEAKER. It will, in the opinion ofthe
Chair.
Air. STANLY. I make that motion, and upon
it ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. POLK. A t the suggestion of gentlemen, I
withdraw my motion to lay on the table.
Mr. BEALE. I renew the motion to lay the
motion and all its attendants upon the table.
Mr. HIBBARD. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] moves a call of the House,
and upon that motion demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The question was then taken and resulted—yeas
88, nays 89:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Barrere,
Bartiett, Bennett, Brenton. Biook«,Geo. H. Rrown, Buell,
Burrows, Joseph Cable, Lewis 1). Campbell, Thompson
Campbell, Chandler, Chapman. Congei, Cullom, Ueoi ge T.
Davis, Dean, Dockery, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Eastman,
Edgciton, Floyd. Fovvier,Henrv M. Fuller. Gavlord,Good-
enow, Goodrich, Grey, Grow, liaiper, Haws, Haven, Hans-
ford, John W. Ilowe, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, lve«,
Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George G. Kins, Preston King, Kuhns, Landry,
Mace, Mann, Maitin, Meacham. Miller, Miner, Molony,
Hourj D. Modi e, John Moore, Moiehead, Murray, Newton,
Oir, Sarnnd W. Pinker, Pennnnan, Perkins, Porter, Ran-
toul, Kuk-cII, Sackett, Sehennerliorn, Schoolcraft, Scud-
dei, David L. Seymour, Smait, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Strothcr, SiHhet laud, Sweeper, Benjamin Thomp.-on,
Tuck,Wa!bi nlge,Waul, Washburn, Wells, Addison White,
Alexandei White, Williams, and Yates—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis. Allen, Ashe, Babcock,
David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Keale, Hocock, Bragg,
Bieokiniidge, Bngg.-, Albert G. Eiown, Bntby. Ca<kie,
Claik, Chnmnan, Cobb, Cuitts, Daniel, John G. Davis,
DrUVsdn, Edtnundson. Faulkner, Fiekhn, Fitch, Florence,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble,Gentry. Gorman. Hall, Ham-
ilton, Hammond, Hart, Hendncks, Hihbard, Hillyer, Uol-
laday, Houston, Howard, Inj er<oil, Jackson, John Johnson,
Robot W. Johnson, George W. Jone^, Kurtz, Letcher,
Lockhart. fid ward C. Marshal!, Humphrey Marshall,
iMV.on, Met-oikle, McDonald, McLanahan, McMullin,
McQ-ueen, Meade, Mill>on,NabeiSj Outlaw, Pca^k-e, Penn,
Phelps, Pnlk, Powell, Richardson, Riddle, Kobbms,Robin-
son, Ito>s, Savage, Scurry, Origen S. Sevmorn, Smith,
Snow, FiedMiek' P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abr'm
P. Stevons, Slow, St. Martin, Stratton, Stuuit, Georjje W.
Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Wal&h, Watkins, Wilcox,
and Woodwaid—P9.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said that he was re-
quested by his colleague, [Mr. Harris, of Ten-
nessee,] to state that he was confined to his room
in consequence of sickness.
So the House refused to have a call.
The question then recurred upon the demand for
the yeas and nays upon the motion to lay the res-
olution and amendments upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NA15ERS abked the reading of the several
propositions.
Seveial members objected.
Mr. TCJGK. As tins Union-loving, President-
making business, can be pursued with more dig-
nity in committee 
Several Voices. Order! Order! Order!
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Tuck] must be aware that no
remarks are in order.
Mr. TUCK. But I am on the floor to make a
motion, and shall do so,as soon as gentlemen are
patient 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman rises to
make a motion, he will submit it. The gentleman
will excuse the Chair, but as he is called upon by
so many to enforce strictly the rules, he will do it,
if he has the power.
Mi. TUCK. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of or-
der. I remind the Chair, that it was decided after
a call for the previous question 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that a motion to suspend the rules to go into the
Committee of the "Whole on the state of the Union
is not in order until this motion is disposed of.
[Cries of" Call the roll!" " Call the roll!"]
The question was then taken,and there were—
yeas 81, nays 102, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Averett, Babcock, Da-
vid J. Bailey, Bancre, Baitlett, Beale, Bennett, Brenton,
Brooks, Buell. Bmrows, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chpaman. Clingman,
Cougor, Geoige T. Davi>, Dean, Doty, Durketi, Eastman,
Kdgnrton, Fhi\d, Fowlei, Gaylorrl, Goodeuow, Goodrich,
Grow, Ilatpei, Haven, HoIIaday, Horsford, John W. Howe,
Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, Ives, Jen-
kins, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George G. King,
