1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
Preston King, Kuhn<, Mann, McMnllm, McQueen, Meach- j
am, Million, Minor, Molonv, Morehend, Murray, Newton, i
Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Pennhn-ari, Perkins. Powell, Ran- :
toul, Ru-^ell, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Scndder, David L. >
Seymour, Smart, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Stratton, ;
Sweet-er, Benjamin Thompson, Tuck, Walbridge, Wal-
lace, Wa-hbum, Wells, and Woodward—81. ;
NAYS—Mensrs. VViJii.'. Allen, William Appleton, Ashe, :
Thomas H. Bayly, Bocoek, Bragg, ttreckinndge, l>ngs<s
Albert G. Brown,Georgeii. Brown, Bu-by, Ca>kie, Clark, i
Cobli. Cullom, Daniel, John G. Davw, Dawson, Dockery, t
Dunham, Edmundsion, Ewmg:, Faulkner, Ficklin, Fitch,
Florence, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Ful-
ler, Gamble, Gentry, Gorman, Grey, Hall, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Hart, Haws, Herulnck*, Henn, Hibhaid, HilJ>er,
Houston, Howaid, Inger^oll, Jackson, Andrew John«mi,
James Johnson, Rolieit W. John-on. George W. Jone>, :
Kurtz, Landty, Letcher, Loekharf, Mace, Edward C. :
Marshall, Humphrey Mai-hall, Martin, Ma^on. MeCoikle, |
McDonald, McLanalran, Meade, Miller, John Moore, N:a- I
hers, Outlaw, Pea-lee, Penn, Phelps, Polk, Poller, Price, j
Richard-.on, Riddle, Roobins, Robinson, Ros<, Savage, .
Scliennerhorn, Sour.-'-, Ongen S. Seymour, Smith, Stanly, !
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Ahiaham P. !
Stevens, Stone, St. Martin, Strother, Stuait, Suiheiland, j
George W. Thomp-on, Venahle, VlTalsh, Ward, Watkins,
Add-on "White. Alexander Wlnte, Wilcox, Wilhatti&, and ,
Yates—102. I
So the House refused to lay the resolution and \
amendments upon the table. i
The question recurred on seconding the demand ■
for the previous question.
Mr. JACKSON. I desire to know whether it j
is competent for me, at this time, to change the :
phraseology of my resolution? \
[Cries of " No!-" " No !" 44No!"] |
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen- ]
tleman to withdraw the several motions he has
made, and withdraw his resolution, if he chooscs.
[Mr. Polk made some remarks not distinctly '
heard by the reporter.] 1
Mr. JACKSON, i. desire to make a verbal ;
change in the resolution. '
Mr. POLK. Is not the gentleman from Geor- !
gia [Mr. Jackson] privileged to withdraw the
motion for the previous question, and alter the
phraseology of his resolution, and renew it. ?
The SPEAKER. He has that privilege.
Mr. POLK. He does not lose the floor by it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide these
points when they arise.
Mr. STANLY. Is it in order to ask what we
are going to do now? [Laughter.]
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Jackson] has not as yet submitted his prop-
osition. The immediate question before the House
is the demand for the previous question.
Mr. STANLY. I object to caucuses in the
House.
Mr. BROOKS. If there is no other busi-
ness before the House, I move that we adjourn.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] is not in order.
Mr. JACKSON. I was about to say, that I
know verv little about the rules of the House.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a point of order.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from Georgia, that not one word of dis-
cussion is allowable under the rules—discussion
is not in order.
Mr. JACKSON. Then I ask that the question
be taken now, whether the previous question shall
be sustained, or not.
Mr. GORMAN. That is the question.
Mr. DEAN demanded tellers on the spcond;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Fitller of
Maine, and Ewing were appointed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to make an
inquiry of the Chair, whether this resolution—and
1 presume it ought to be made before the previous
question is sustained—is divisible? I desire a di-
vision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
proposition when it comes up regularly. j
The question was then taken, and the tellers re- |
ported—ayes 80, noes 85.
So the previous question was not sustained. j
Mr. HILLYER. I offer the following resolu- !
tion, as an amendment to the resolution of my col- !
league; and upon that 1 ask for the previous ques- !
tion. j
The SPEAKER. In the shape of a substitute, j
or amendment11
Mr. HILLYER. As an amendment.
The resolution was then read as follows, viz:
Resolved, That the series of acts parsed dunns; the first ;
session of the Thirty-first Congress, known as the compro- j
raise, are regarded as a final adjustment, and a permanent 1
settlement of the question* therein embraced, and &hould be
maintained and executed as such.
Mr. AVERET11. I think we have had voting
and speaking enough upon these questions. The
friends of the compromise claim the credit of hav-
ing settied them, I move to lay 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. MEADE. I presume that proposition—-
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. MEADE. The proposition is open to
amendment 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia rise to a question of order?
Mr. MEADE. I rise to inquire whether the
previous question has been demanded?
TheSPEAKER. It has been.
Air. MEADE. Then I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to withdraw the demand 
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Virginia suspend until the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] submits his question of or-
der?
Mr. ORR. "Whenever an objection is made to
a resolution, I understand it has to go over.
The SPEAKER. That is the rule.
Mr. ORR. Now, I submit to the House, that
the proposition of the gentleman from Georgia
upon my right, [Mr. Hilly£r,] amounts to an ob-
jection to the original resolution, and the original
resolution must go over.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" " No!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of ordei laised by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr, Orr,] and refers him to the
universal practice of this body. It is true, that
if a resolution oifered to day, gives rise to debate,
it goes over; but it is also true that the previous
question intervening, and cutting off debate, has
been allowed ever since I have been a member of
this body.
Mr. MEADE. Do I understand that the gentle- J
man from Georgia [Mr. Hillyer] called the pre- i
vious question on his amendment? j
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman did demand!
the previous question. j
Mr. MEADE. I ask the gentleman from Geor- '
gia to withdraw his demand for the previous ques- ;
tion, in order that I may submit, as an amend- j
ment, the paper which i hold in my hand, trusting
that he will adopt it instead of his own.
Mr. HILLYER. I cannot withdraw the de- I
mand for the previous question.
Mr. Mb)ADM Then I ask the unanimous •
consent of the House to suffer my amendment to
be read. ;
Mr. SMART. I object. !
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject upon the table. ;
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I demand the yeas ,
and nays. I
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to hear the j
resolution and amendment read before I am called ,
to vote on Uying them upon the table. '
The SPEAKER. They will be read, if there ;
is no objection. |
Mr. SMART. I object.
Mr. JONES. I do not ask it as a privilege. I ;
have a right to hear them read before I am called j
upon to record my vote. j
The SPEAKER. The original resolution and .
the amendment having been read to the House, |j
the Chair is bound to decide that the gentleman j|
cannot, by his own volition, compel the House to !i
hear them read again. ! I
Mr. HAVEN. 1 am somewhat 111 the same Ij
dilemma as my friend from Tennessee; and al-1
though those papers have been read, I do not
understand that the proposition to amend includes ,
the striking out of anything. I desire to know
whether they are both' to go together. If not, I j
should like to offer a substitute for them both,
which I think  .
[Loud cries of " Order!" "Order! ] [
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes that the :
House will hear the rule in relation to the reading
of papers. It is the 57th rule, and is as follows:
37. " When the reading of a paper is called for, and the
same is objected to bv any member, it shall be determined
by a vote of the |
The question was then put, " Shall the papers ;
be read and it was decided in the affirmative.
The Clerk accordingly read the original reso-
lution and the proposed amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make, a
single inquiry of the Chair. If the previous ques-
tion is sustained, will not the House'be brought
first to vote upon the amendment, and then upon
the original resolution, whether amended of not?
The SPEAKER. That will be the history of
the voting of the House.
Mr. STANLY. I want to inquire of the' Chair
what motion is now pending before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The motion now pending is
to lay both the original resolution and the amend-
ment upon the table.
Mr. STANLY. The motion is, then, toiay on
the table the oiiginal secession resolution?
[Loud cries of Order !"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina is aware that debate is not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I wish to know if, when
a resolution is proposed to-day—as this has been
by the gentleman from Georgia—and objection is
made to it, it does not he over?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided, that if the previous question is sustained—
which will have the e/fect of cutting off debate—
under the uniform practice of the House, it will
be m order to consider the resolution under the
operation of the previous question.
Mi. BOCOCK. At the request of some friends
around me, I will, for the present, withdraw the
motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. EDGrERTON. I renew the motion to lay
the whole subject on the table.
Mr. HIBBARD demanded the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 78, nays 104, as follows:
YEAS—Me*sr-. Aiken, Allison, Ashe, Averett, Babcoek,
David J. Bailey, Barrere, Bartlett, Beale, Bennett, Bragg,
Brenton, Buell. Jo>eph Cable, Lewi- D. Campbell, Thomp-
son Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Clingrnan, Conger,
Geoigo T. Davis, Dean, Doty, Durkee, Enslman, Edger-
ton, Floyd, Fovvier, Gaylord, Goodenoiv, Goodrich, Grow,
flaiper, Holladay, liorsford. John W Howe, Thomas
M. Howe, Hunter, Ives, Jenkins, John-Johnson, Daniel T.
Jone.>, George G. King, Preston King, Mann, McMuIlm,
McQueen, Meacham, Millson, Miner, Molony, Murray,
Newton, Olds, Oir, Samuel VV. Parker, Pennunan, Per-
king Powell,Raritoul, Rn-se!l, Sac-kett, Schoolcraft, Scud-
der, David L. Sejmour, Smart, Snow, Benjamin Stanton,
Stratum. Sweetser, Benj. Thompson,Tuck, Venable, Wai-
brid^e, Wallace, WaMibuin, WHls, and Woodward—78.
NAYS—Me>srs. Willis Allen, William Appleton, Thoa.
H. Bayly, Boeock, Bowie, Breckimidge, Brings, Bmoks,
Albeit G. Biown, George II. Crown, JSusbj, E. Canington
Cabell, Ca^kic, Clark, Cobb, Cullom,Daniel, John G. Dawn,
Dawson, Dockery, Dunham, Ednmnd-on. Ewing, Faulk-
ner, Ficklin, Fitch, Florence, Freeman. Iienry M. Fuller,
Tnom.t% J. D. Fuller,Gamble, Gentrj, Gorman, Grey, Flail,
Hamilton, Hammond, Hart, flaw*, Haven, Hendricks,
Henn, Hibbard, Ihllyer, Ilou-don, Howard,lngprsoll, Jack-
son, Andrew Johnson, Jame« Johnson, Robert W. Jonnson,
Geoige W. Jone^, Kuhii!5, Kurtz, Landry, Letcher, Lock-
liau. Mace, Edward C. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall,
Martin, Mason, McCorkle, McDonald, MeLanahan, Meade,
Miller, John Moore, Morehead, Nabers, Outlaw, Pea-dee,
Penn, Pheip<=, Polk, Porter, Price, Richardson, Riddle,
Robbing Robinson, Ross, Savage, Schennerhom, Scurry,
Origen S. Seymour, Smith, Stanly, Fiedeiick P. Stanton,
Abraham P. Steven", Stone, St Martin, Stiother, Stuart,
Sutheiland, George W. Thompson, Wahh, Ware!, Wat-
kins, Addu-on White, Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams,
and Yates—104.
So the House refused to lay the resolution and
amendment upon the table.
The question recurred upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question. ^ .
Mr. VENABLE. If the previous question is
sustained, will not the vote be first taken upon the
amendment?
TheSPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JOHNSOJN, of Arkansas. I desire to make
an inquiry of the Chair. I have every reason to
believe, at least from my limited means of judging,
that what is pioposed as an amendment is a sub-
stitute for the resolution; and I ask whether it can
be offered as an amendment?
TheSPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
germane to the subject, and in order.
Mr. FOWLER.. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether what has been olfered as an additional
resolution, can be offered to-day, it objection is
made to it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again decide
that point, and trusts that every gentleman on the
floor will hear the decision, and that, if there is
objection to it, some gentleman will make an appeal.
The Chair has stated, three or four times to-day,
that under the rules, t\ny resolution offered to-day,
giving rise to debate, would go over; but that undei
the uniform practice of the House, when the pre-
vious question is caliedand sustained—cutting oir,
