1844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
The House was then divided, .Messrs. Hamil-
ton and Chandler acting as tellers, and there
\rere—ayes 32, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
.The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 70, nays 50; as follows:
' YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Allison, W.
Appleton, Babcock, Barrere, Bissell, Bowie, Brigg<?, G. If.
Brown, Burt, Caldwell, L. IX Campbell, T. Campbell, Cart-
ter, Chandler, Chapman, Clingman, Cobb, Conger, George
T. Davis, Dawson, Doty, Duncan, Fitch, Florence, Fowler,
Gamble, Goodrich, Gorman, Harper, Haws, Hendricks,
Holladay, Hor'sford, Houston, Howard, Thomas M. Howe,
Jackson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George G,
•King, Landry, Lockhart, Martin, Meade, Miller, Millson,
Miner, John Moore, Nabers, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Peas-
lee, Phelps, Porter, Rantoul, Reed, Schermeihorn, David
L. Seymour, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, St. Martin,
Strother, Sutherland, Taylor, Thurston, Ward, Welch,
and Williams—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Averett, Bell, Bibighaus, Bren-
ton, Buell, Joseph Cable, Ohastam, Churchwell, Daniel,
John G. Davis, Dean, Dimmick, Eastman, Ficklin, Floyd,
Gaylord, Giddings, Hamilton, Haven, Henri, Hillyer, John
W. Howe, Hunter, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, Preston King, Mace, Mann, Hum-
phrey Marshall, McLanahan, McMullin, McNair,Molony,
Murphy, Murray, Newton, Andrew Parker, Perkins, Rob-
bin«, Robie, Skelton, Smart, Benjamin Stanton, Towns-
hend, Walbridge, Watkms, and Wildnck—50.
So the House agreed to recede from their amend-
ment.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution. I
presume that no objection will be made:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
furnish and deliver to each of the members and Delegates
of the House of the present Congress, who have not already
received them, and pay for the same'out of the contingent
fundd of the House, such books as have been furnished to the
members of the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth,
and Tlrirty-firn Congresses: Provided^ That this shall not
authorize the reprinting of any of said books: Jlnd provided
further, That no work thusauthorized to be furnished shall
be obtained or delivered by the Clerk, unless he shall be
abfe to procure a sufficient number of copies thereot to fur-
nish a complete set to each member and Delegate entitled
thereto.
Several Members. I object. I object, {object.
Mr. FOWLER. I move a suspension of the
rules. It is the usual resolution, and designed to
furnish the new members of the House with the
same books that the old members have already
received.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. T move an ad-
journment.
Mr. FOWLER. If we adjourn now will this
be the first business next Monday?
The SPEAKER. It will come up first in order
after the morning hour.
The question being upon the suspension of.the
rules,
Mr. KING, of New York, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were not ordered.
Mr. ORR. I understood the Chair to say that
this question would come up first in order next
Monday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it
will be first in order after the morning hour next
Monday.
Mr. ORR. The yeas and nays having been
refused, 1 move that the House adjourn.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Orr's
motion, and there were—ayes 43, noes not counted.
Mr. ORR. Before the result is announced I
withdraw my motion.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Fow-
ler's motion, and there were—ayes 75, noes 18;
no quorum voting1.
Upon motion by Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee,
the House then adjourned till to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
PETITIONS, fco.
The following petitions. memofiaK &e.,were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BAILEY, of Georgia: The petition of EhV.abeth
Bunkstouc, lor pension due her d«ieea>ed husband for rev-
olutionary services.
By Mr. BliOWK", of Mississippi: The petition of A. E.
Lewis and others, praysng for an appropriation of ,-$60,000
to remove obstructions from the month of the Puscagouia !
riv^r, m the State of Mississippi. ' I
By Mr TAY!iOR: The petition of the Mayor and City '
Council ot the city ofOhillicothe, in the coumy of Ross, in ■
the State of Ohio, pjaymg Congress to donate to th<~- "-aid :
city ail the lind formeily occupied by the old channel of 1
the Scioto nvrr. now vacant, and adjoining that oiu\ !
ANo, the petition of Ahner -Wesson and 85 others, cit- |
izen* of Rom count} and the vicinity, in the State of Ohio i
praying Congress to pass the bill introduced in the House of !
Representative* by the Hon Edwajjd ?tasly, entitled " A I
{ bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to deposit '
1 with the several States the fourth installment of the de- j
4 posits of the public money, directed to he made with said
c States, by the act approved June 93, 1836."
By Mr. FLORENCE: Memorial from Colonel William
F. Small, of Philadelphia, tendering the service of a regi-
ment of volunteers for the defense of the eastern frontier of
California.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition from sundry citizens of
Missouri, praying for the establishment of a mail route
from Bloomington to Brunswick, Missouri.
By Mr. CHANDLER: Memorial of A. Groves, jun.,
George Cadwalader, and many other citizens of Philadel-
phia, concerned m steam navigation,remonstrating against
an early passage of Senate bill No. 223.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 20, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a petition of citizens of Green county, Al-
abama, praying that the bill now pending before
Congress, known as the "homestead bill," may
become a Jaw; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
11 Mr. CLARKE presented a memorial of under-
ji writers, merchants, and others, citizens of Prov-
l! idence, Rhode Island, praying that the salary of
11 the United States district judge for the southern
Ij district of Florida may be increased; which was
!| referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
|i Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Francis
: Bouynge, praying an appropriation to enable him
| to introduce mto, ana cultivate in, the United
States, the tea, indigo, coffee, and other tropical
plants and fruits; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of Elias
Waldon, praying remuneration for expenses in-
curred in lelievmg destitute emigrants on the route
to California; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. FiSH presented two petitions of citizens
of the State of New York, praying that the bill
now pending before Congress, known as the
" homestead bill," may become a law; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the Common Council ofthe
city of Brooklyn, New York, in favor of the es-
tablishment of the line of steamers between that
city and Gluckstadt, in Holstein, proposed by
Christian Hansen; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of merchants of New York
and Boston, asking for the recognition of the m-
; dependence of Hayti by the Government of the
I United States; which was referred to the Commit-
S tee on Foreign Relations.
I Mr. TOUCEY presented a memorial of under-
writers, merchants, and others, citizens of Con-
{ necticut, praying that the salary of the United
j States district judge for the southern district of
; Florida may be increased; which was ordered to
j lie on the table.
: Mr. MORTON presented the petition of Buck-
j ingham Smith, late Secretary of Legation of the
i United States in Mexico, praying compensation as
' Charge d'Affaires during the time he acted in that
| capacity; which was referred to the Committee on
| Foreign Relations.
i Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of M.
t M. Marmadukeand others, praying indemnity for
i depredations by the Indians; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of H. H.
Jones, and other citizens of New York; the peti-
j tion ot A. R. Plumley and other citizens of New
| York; the petition of John D. McGregor, and
' other citizens of New York: the petition of Joseph
j G. Carman and others, citizens of New York; the
; petition of Samuel Smith, and other citizens of
j New York; the petition of J. B. McCawley, and
: other citizens of New York; the petition of
' George L. Fox, and other citizens of New York;
; the petition of Thomas William Wood, and
' other citizens of New York; the petition of Wil-
1 liam Adams, and other citizens of New York; the
, petition of Charles J. Miller, and other citizens of
I New York; and the petition of Judge Meigs, the
Comptroller, the Mayor, and other citizens of
New York city; in favor of extending Uri Em-
mons's patent for a planing machine, dated April
25, 1829; which were referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of John Hamm
and other inhabitants of Muskingum county,
Ohio, praying Congress to establish the bridges
of the Wheeling and Belmont Bridge Company
as post routes, and that the company have and
retain all the powers, rights, and privileges granted
to them by the Legislatures of Virginia and Ohio;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
REPOKTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred a message from
the President of the United States, with papers in
relation to the claim of Samuel A. Belden & Co. ,
against the Government of Mexico, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof;
which was agreed to.
Mr. MASON submitted a report on the sub-
ject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr%WALKER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to which was referred the me-
morial of William Reily, deceased, late a captain
in the fourth Maryland regiment of the revolu-
tionary army, submitted a report accompanied by
a bill for the relief of the widow of the late Cap-
tain Reily. The bill was read and passed to the
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DCXWNS. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, to which was re-
ferred the memorial of James H. Rhinehart and
others, to ask to be discharged from its further
consideration. In presenting this report, I have
a brief explanation which I wish to make. The me-
morial, among other things, remonstrates against
a certain bill which the memorialists represent has
passed the Senate, which Mr. Rhinehart and the
other memorialists contend does injusticeto them.
I wish to state that the memorialists are entirely
mistaken. These parties are claimants to lands
situated on the Maison Rouge grant. Richard
King, for whose relief a bill has been passed,
which bill, it is alleged, does injustice to Mr.
Rhinehart, presented a memorial early in the ses-
sion, asking that he be allowed to enter, by way of
preemption, certain lands in the Maison Rouge
grant, which he had not cultivated or inhabited,
and the same which is claimed by the memorial-
ists. In the same petition he requested to be con-
firmed in another tract of land, which was ceded
to him by the person to whom it was granted, for
making a road through the Maison Rouge claim.
The Committee on Private Land Claims reported
distinctly and emphatically against his first claim.
They could not allow him a preemption for land
which he had never cultivated, because that was
not contemplated, and it would do injustice to
other settlers. The committee did report a bill in
his favor, confirming his title to two hundred and
forty arpents of land for making the road. These
parties seem to have misunderstood the object of
that bill. They have supposed that it confirms
Mr. King's claim to land which he had never
cultivated, and which interfered with them. To
remove all doubt on the subject, I will read the
report which was made by the committee on the
subject, which refers to the identical land, section
thirteen, township nineteen, referred to in this me-
morial. in February last, I made the following
report:
" The petitioner had two objects, distinct and unconnected,
and differing in their nature. Fiist, the petitioner prays
that he may be allowed to enter, by way of preemption, a
certain tract of land adjoining his plantation m the Maison
Rouge grant, though his case does not come within the
provisions of the act of 1841, granting preemption to certain
purchasers and settlers on ^aid grant; this the committee
are of opinior. ought not to be granted, because other per-
sons claim the same land by right of settlement, and also
by State location, and it would be incompetent and un-
usual, and improper for Congress to interfere in such
and accordingly recommend the rejection of this part ofth'.1
petition.
a Secondly, the petitioner piavs that his title may be con-
firmed to a tract ofland conveyed to one B. Kaiiy in 181^,
for cutting through the Maison Rouge grant a public road,
by the person who then claimed the said grant. In Loui-
siana, tty the laws in existence under the foinier as well n«4
the present State government, owners ofland fronting on
navigable streams were requiied to make and keep in repair
a public road along the bank of the river. Fu compliance
with this law, the claimant of this grant, which extended
some forty miles on both banks of the Ouachita river, em-
ployed a man to cut the load, and gave him m payment two
tracts ofland m this grant, one n« each side ofthe river, of
two hundred and forty arpents each, of winch the land here
claimed was one. The road there cut was through a new,
unsettled, and heavily-timbered country, in 1814, ami haa
been in use as a public road and mail route ever since mad
routes were established in that quarter of the country. The
committee are of opinion that under the circumstances the
petitioner has an equitable claim to have this small tract
