980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
as it does, all debate—^action can be had upon the j
matter. The Chair, therefore, decides that this j
proceeding is in order. i
Mr. FOWLER. May we hear the rale read ;
under which that decision is made?
. Mr. HENDRICKS. • I" object.
,Mr. WASHBURN". I desire to inquire whether
this resolution, if not offered as a substitute, is not
an additional resolution, and ia not, therefore,
liable to be objected to? And if objected to, whether
it is in order to receive it to-day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair again states that
th.e resolution last offered is an amendment, not a
substitute; that upon offering it, the mover de-
manded the previous question, and if the previous
question be sustained, there can be no debate
either upoir the original resolution or the amend-
ment, and it is in order for the House to dispose
of them.
Mr. KING, of New York demanded tellers, on
seconding the demand for the previous question;
which were ordered, and Messrs. Chandler and
Wilcox appointed.
The question being put, it was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 97, noes 61.
So the previous question received a second.
The question now being, " Shall the main ques-
tion be now put?"—
Mr. KING, of New York demanded the yeas
and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. POLK. Will the vote be upon the resolu-
tion as amended, or upon the amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to
state to the gentleman, and for the information of
the House, that if the main question is ordered to
be now put, the House will be brought first to vote
on the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Hillyer,] as an addition to
the original resolution, and, when that is disposed
of, the House will be brought to vote upon the
original resolution, amended or not, as the case
may be.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the substitute for the
resolution is adopted, does not that settle the
question ?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The House
would then have to vote on the original resolution
as amended. *
Mr. BEALE asked for the reading of the
amendment.
Mr. STANLY objected.
The question was then taken, "Shall the mam
question be now put?" and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 109, nays 68, as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, William Appleton,
Averett, ThomasH. Bayly, Beale, Bowie, Br.U'g. Breekin-
ridge, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, George H. Brown,
Busby, E. Carimgton ('aboil, Clark, Chnsman, Cobb, Cui-
lom, Curtis, Dame). John G. Bavin, Dawson. Doekeiv,
Dunham, Edmundson, Ewmg, Faulkner, Ficklni, Fitch,
Florence, Freeman, Hiwuy IV! Fullei, Thomas J. I) Fuller,
Gamble. Gentry, Gorman, Grev, Hall, Hamilton, llait,
Haws', Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Mibbard, Hillver, Holla-
day, Houston, Howatd, Inget-oll, Jackson, Andrew John-
son, Jatne^ Johnson, Ruben W. J obii^m, Geoige \\~. Jone^,
Kuhri", Kurtz, Landry, (."teller, I.ookhatt, Maee, K. O.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Maiun, MeCorkle, McDon-
ald, McLanahan, MeMulhn, Meade, MiJIer, Milium, John
Moore, Morohend, Nnbei*, Old-*, Outlaw, Saumi I W. Par
ker, Pea^lee, Penn, Phelps, Polk, Porter, Powell, Puce.
Riddle, Robbing Robinson, Ru*s, Savage, Schermerhoni,
Scurry, Oilmen B. Sevnmui, Smith, Su ily, Frederick P.
Stanton, Riehaid II. Stanton, St AJ;i> tin, Htiother, Sttuit
Sutherland, George W. Thompson, Wal-h, Ward, Watkni^'
Addison White, Alexander White, WiIcoa, and Williams
—109.
NAYS—Mes-rs. Aih.son, Habeoek, Da\id J. Bailey, B n--
rcro, Bartlett, Bennett, Boroek, Brenton, Bind], Burrow-
Joseph Oable, Luwi.n I). Campbell. Thomp-on Campbell!
Caskie, Chandler, Chapman. Congei, George T. Da\i.-,
Dean, Dotv, Durkee, Hn-tman, Kd^vton, Floyd, Fowler
Gaylord, Goodenow, Goodrich, Grow, Harper, Ilorstbrd'
John W. Howe,Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Ives, Jenkins.'
John Johnson, Daniel T Jones, Geoige G. Kni" Preston
King, Mann,MeCluecn, Meacham, Moloriy,Muirav New-
ton, Orr, Penniman, Perkins, Uantoul, Russell, Socket
Seudder, David L. Seymour, Smait, Snow, Henjamm Stan-
ton, Abraham P. Stevens. Stratton, Sweetsei, Benhmin
Thompson, Tuck, Walbridire, Wallace, Washburn Wells
Woodward, and Yate«—68.' ' '
So the main question was ordered to be mow
p«t.
Mr. AVERETT. Is it now in order to move
that the resolution, with the amendment, do lie
upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. AVERETT. Then I make that motion,
and upon it I demand the ysas and nays.
Mr. POLK. I rise to a question of order. I
desire to know, and I ask the Speaker whether,
after the House has decided by a vote of the
House that the whole subject shall not be laid upon
the table, it is in order for the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Averett] to renew the same mo-
tion ?
The.SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
in order for the gentleman from Virginia to make
his motion, other action having intervened since
the question was taken upon the previous motion
to lie upon the table. When any business or ac-
tion by the House has intervened, it is always in
order to move to lay upon the table. That motion
is a privileged question, and in very many re-
spects similar to that to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were then ordered, forty-
two gentlemen rising for that purpose.
Mr. STANLY. "I ask the Speaker whether the
motion is to lay upon the table the free-soil and
secession resolution of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Jackson,] or the compromise resolution
of his colleague? [Mr. Hillyer.]
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The question was then taken, and the result was
—yeas 74, nays 102, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ashe, Averett, Bab-
cock, David J. Bailey, Bairere, Bartlett, Beale, Bennett,
Bocock. Bragg, Brenton, Buell, Joseph Cabell, Lewi^D.
Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chapman. Chng-
man, Conner, George T. Davis, Dean, Doty, Durkee,
Eastman, JEdgerton, Floyd, Fowler, Gaylord, Goodenow,
Goodrich, Grow, Harper, Holladay, Horsford, John W.
Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Huntei, fves* Jenkins, John
Johnson, Darnel T. Jones, George G. King, Preston King,
Mann, McQueen, Meacham, Millson, Miner, Molony,
Newton, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Paiker, Penniman, Pei-
kins, Powell, itantoul, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Seudder, Da-
vid L. Seymour, Smart, Benjamin Stanton, Stratton,
Sweetsei, Benjamin Thompson, Tuck, Venable, Wal-
bndge, Wallace, Washburn, Wells, and Woodward—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis AUen, William Appleton, Thos.
II. Bayly, Bowie, Breckinridge, Bnggs, Biooks, Albert G.
Brown, Geoige H. Biovvn, Busby, E. Oarnngton Cabell,
Chandler, Clark, Cobb. 6ullom, Daniel, John G. Davis*,
Dawson, Dockery, Dunham, Edmundsoh, Ewing, Faulk-
ner, Ficklm, Fitch, Floience, Fieeinan, Thomas J, D.
Fuller, Gamble, Gentiy, Gorman, Grey, Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond, Hait, Haws, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hib-
baid, fhllyer, Houston, Howaid, Inger^oll, Jackson, An-
drew Johnson, James Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George
W. Jones, Kulms, Kurtz, Landiy, Letcher, Loekhart,
Mace, Edward C. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Martin,
Mason, MeCorkle, McDonald, McLanahan, Meade, Mil-
ler, Moreliead, Nabers, Outlaw, Poaslce, Penn, Phelps,
Polk, Porter, Price, Richardson, Riddle, Robbms, Robin-
sou, Ros^, Savage, Scheimerhorn, Scurry, Oiigen S. Sey-
mour, Smith, Snow, Stanly,-Frederick P. Stanton, Rich-
aid H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Stone, St. Martin,
Strother, Stuait, Sutherland, Geo. WT. Thompson, Walsh,
Ward, Watkms, Addison White, Alexander White, Wil-
cox, and Yates—103.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SACKETT. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. Tins subject is being protracted too Car.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to stop agitation, and
move that the House do now adjourn.
(Loud cries of " No!" "No!" ""Withdraw
your motion !"]
Mr. POLK. I suppose the purpose of theother
side is to stave off, until they can marshal their
foives,
Mr. SACKETT. I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. BEALE. I desire to know whether it is
m order to ask that the amendment be read?
The SPEAKER. It will be again read, if not
objected to.
Mr. STANLY. I object. I want nothing more
read upon this subject.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. .Beale] insists, the Chair will put the
question to the House upon ordering the amend-
ment to be read.
Mr. BEALE. I ask that both the original prop-
osition and the amendment shall be read for the
information of the House; and I think there will
be no objection.
Mr. STANLY. I do object.
The question was then put, and the resolution
with the amendment were ordered to be read; and
they were read bv the Clerk.
Mr. SEYMOttR, of New York. I wish to
propound a question to the Chair, for this matter
does not seem to be well understood by the House.
I desire to know whether the amendment ia offered
as a substitute to the original resolution or as an
addition ?
The SPEAKER. It is offered as an amend-
ment, or additional resolution.
The question now being: upon the adoption of
the amendment to the resolution—
"Mr. JOHN W. HOWE demanded the
and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to ask the Chair
whether we are to vote upon the original resolu-
tion first, or upon the amendment? _
The SPEAKER. The vote will first be taken
upon the adoption of the amendment as an addi-
tional resolution 
Mr. WOODWARD. But if the amendment
be an additional resolution, ought not thequestion
to be taken last upon it?
The SPEAKER. The question must first be
taken upon the adoption of the amendment, and
if it be adopted, it will then be competent for the
House to order a division of the question, so that
the vote shall first be taken upon the adoption of
the original resolution.
Mr. WOODWARD. I was under the impres-
sion that the amendment, being an additional reso-
lution, the question should be last taken upon it.
.The SPEAKER. Not in ths opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the indulgence of the
House to allow me to propound a simple question
to the honorable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr,
Hili.yer.]
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. I only wished to say to the
gentleman 
[Cries of4' Order!" " Order!" and confusion.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair must insist upon
a rigid execution of the rule. The gentleman
cannot proceed.
Mr. VENABLE. I rise to a question of order.
In the first place, I will inquire whether the vote
is to be first taken upon the original resolution or
upon that additional resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair lias already de-
cided that the question must first be taken upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Hillyer.]
Mr. ALLTSON. I desire also to propound a
question to the Chair. I ask if this resolution be
adopted to-day, whether the same necessity which
calls for its adoption now will not demand that it
shall again be adopted to-morrow, again the next
day, and so on?
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" "Order!"great
confusion in the Hall.]
The question was then taken, and the result
was—yeas 103, nays 74, a.s follows;
YEAS—Mes^e. Willis Allen, Appleton, Thomas H.
Ba> ly, Beale, Bowie, Breckinridge, Buggs, Biooks*, George
H. Brown, Busby, E. Camngton Cabell, Chandler, Clark,
Cobb, Cullom, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dockery,
Dunlmm, Edmund&on, Ewing, Faulkner, Ficklm, Fitch,
Florence. Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Gentry, Gorman, Grey, JIaJI, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Unit, Haws, Haven, Ilendrick*, Henn, Hibbard,
Hillyer, Houston, Howard, Inger^oli. Jackson, Andrew*
Johnson, Janice Johnson, Geoige W. Jones Kuhns Kurtz,
Landry, Letcher, Loekhart, Maee,E. O. Mai alia! I, Hum
phrev Marshall, Martin, Mason, MeCoikle, Me Donald. Me-
Lanahan, MoMuilin, Miller, John Moore, Morehead, Mur-
lay, Nabeis,Outlaw, S. W. Parkei, Peas>elec, Penn, Polk,
Poiter, Puce, luehardson. Riddle, Robbms, Robinson, Ro*f,
lavage, Scheimerhorn, rfeuity, Davnl L. Seymour, Origeu
S. Seymour, Smith, Stanly, Fredenek P. Stanton, Richd. H-
Stanton, Stone, St. Martin, Strothei, Stuart, Sutherland, Cf.
VV. Thompson, Walsh, Ward, Watfcins, Addison White,
Alexander White, Wilcox, and Williams—103.
NAYS—-Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ashe, Averett, Babcoek,
D. J. Bailey, Barrcre, Bartlett, Bocock, Bragg, Brenton, Al-
bert G. Brown, Buell, J. Cable, L. D. Campbejl, T. Camp-
bell, Caskie, Chapman, Chngman, Conger, Dame!, Doty,
Durkee,Eastman, Edgejton, Flojd,Fowlei, Gayloid,Good-
enow, Goodrich. Grow, Haiper, Ho'ladav, Tlorsiord, John
\V. Howe, Thomas M. Houe, Hunter, Ives, Jenkins John
Johnt-on, Robert W. Johnson, Datne! T. Jones Preston
King, Mann, McQueen, Meacham, Meade, Millson, Mo-
lon\*, Newton, olds, Orr. Penniman, Perkins, Powell, Rau-
toul, Ilu^t?ell, Sackett, Schoolcraft. Seudder, .Smart, Ben-
jamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Stialton, Sweetsei,
Benjamin Thompson, Tuck, Venable, Walbndge, Wallace,
Wa-shburii, Weils, Woodwaid, and Yates—?•!.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the resolution as amended.
Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. MEADE. I ask if it is not competent to
divide the question, so that a separate vote shall
he taken upon each resolution? «
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the resolution as amended is so divisible, that the
question can be taken first upon the original reso-
