1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide for the
payment for horses and other property lost or
destroyed in the military service of the United
States," approved March 3,1849; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
LIEUTENANT DERBY'S REPORT.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion submitted by Mr. Gwra the 15th instant, in
relation to a reconnoissance of the Gulf of Mex-
ico by Lieutenant Derby; and, on motion, it was
ordered to be referred to the Committee oil Print-
ing-
DIFFICULTIES AT ACAPULCO.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration;
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to
communicate to the Senate all the information in his pos-
session relative to the recent difficulties' at Acapulco, in
Mexico, between the American Consul ami the local au- I
Iborities.
Mr. WELLER. _ I ask the consideration of this
resolution now, as it is a matter of some immedi-
ate importance. [ see, by the latest intelligence
from that country, that the American Consul at
Acapulco is still in prison. He was put in prison^
I believe, because, as was alleged, he had inter-
fered with some of the judicial authorities of that
city. It is important that we should have all the
facts in the case. When one of our agents in a
foreign country is detained in a foreign prison, the
honor of the Republic requires that we should
investigate the matter. I ask, therefore, that the
resolution be now considered.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it recedes from its disagreement
to the second amendment of the Senate to the
amendment of the House of Representatives to
the twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate to the
bill " to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending June 30,
1852."
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BFLL.
Also, that it had passed a bill making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30th, 1853; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
LANDS OF FRANCFS GARDIERE.
The engrossed bill entitled " An act authorizing
the purchase of certain lands belonging to Francis
Gardiere," was read a third time and passed.
RAILROAD IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. DOWNS. I move that the prior orders
be passed over, with the view of taking up Senate
bill No. 408. It is a bill granting to the State of
Louisiana the right of way and a donation of public
land for the purpose of locating and constructing-
a railroad from Shreveport to the Mississippi
river, in said State. This bill was reported from
the Committee on Public Lands with amendments.
The motion to postpone the prior orders was
agreed to, and the bill was considered by the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill consists of six sections, and provides
that the right of way through the public lands be
granted to the State of Louisiana, for the con-
struction of a railroad from Shreveport, in said
State, to a point on the Mississippi, at Providence
or opposite to Vicksburg. i
The bill is in the terms of the many bills of the j
same character which have been passed by the j
Senate. _ # i
The several amendments to the bill, which were ;
proposed by the Committee on Public Lands,,
were#simply such as to make it conform to the I
Iowa, or model bill, passed by the Senate some ;
time ago, granting lands for railroad purposes. |
The amendments reported by the committee were 1
agreed to. The bill was then reported to the Sen-
ate, the amendments were concurred in, and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
EMIGRANT ROUTE BETWEEN THE MISSOURI
RIVER AND CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senate now to
postpone all prior orders, with a view to proceed
to the consideration of the bill which was post-
poned until to-day; I refer to the bill for the pro-
tection of the emigrant route, and a telegraph line,
and for an overland mail between the Missouri
river and the settlements in California and Or-
egon.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the
consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When this
bill was last under consideration) the pending
question was on a motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I believe that motion was
not recognized by the Chair, because it was of-
fered when the bill was before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MASON. I made that motion when the
bill was last under consideration, but it was ob-
jected, by the then occupant of the chair, that the
motion was not m order, because the Senate was
then in Committee of the Whole. In order to af-
ford the Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk) an op-
portunity to offer an amendment, which f perceive
lie now has ready, 1 withdraw that motion.
Mr. RUSK. I propose to strike out all after
the enacting clause, in the bill now before the Sen-
ate, and insert what I send to the Chair. I move,
also, that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed until to-morrow, in order that the
amendment may be printed.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that the Senator will with-
draw his motion to postpone, so as to permit me
to make a motion.
Mr. RUSK. I withdraw it.
Mr. GWIN, Then [ move that the bill, to-
gether with the amendment offered by the Senator
from Texas, be recommitted to the Committee on
the Territories. This will be the better plan, and I
think it is more than probable that the committee
will adopt the substitute of the Senator from Tex-
as. I think it is also probable that it will be agreed
to by the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to inquire whether
that motion can be put while the bill is under con-
sideration as in Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. GWIN. The object of the motion is to
recommit the bill and amendment, and to procure
the printing of the latter. Having consulted the
chairman of the committee on the subject, I can
assure the Senate, that it will be acted orj imme-
diately. The probabilities are that the committee
will adopt the substitute.
Mr. DOUG-LAS. Through the kindness of the
Senator from Texas, I have bejen allowed to ex-
amine his amendment, and it strikes me as being
worthy of consideration, whether it will or will
not be adopted as a substitute for the present bill,
after some modification. From the slight exam-
ination that I have had the opportunity of making,
I am induced to think that the amendment requires
some modification, and I ani in favor of the mo-
tion of the Senator from California, for the recom-
mittal of the whole subject to the Committee on
the Territories, the more especially as we have re-
ceived an assurance that it will be acted on imme-
diately.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. I also have a substitute,
which I should wish to be referred with the pres-
ent bill to the Committee on the Territories. I
move that it be so referred and printed.
Mr. BELL. Had we not better have the amend-
ments read for information ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. (twin] modify his prop-
osition so as to embrace both amendments ?
Mr. GWIN. Certainly, sir.
The motion to recommit the bill, together with
the amendments of Mr. Rusk and of Mr. Broo-
ke ad, was then agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Tbelieve that does not in-
clude the motion to print. I move that the amend-
ments be printed.
The question was taken on that motion, and it
was agreed to.
NoAH HANSON.
Mr. HAMLIN. I offered a resolution a few
days since in relation to pay to-the widow of a
deceased messenger for service rendered "previous
to his decease. 1 move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of that resolntion at this time.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. , '
The resolution is as followsi
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he
is hereby, directed to pay out of the contingent fund of the
Senate to Mrs. W. Maria Hanson, as administratrix of the
estate of Nodh Hanson, late a messenger of the Senate, the
u«ual pei diem compensation for his, services from March
27,1851, to June I, 1851,and from October 1, to November
1, IHoi, the time of his decease, and also to pay the funeral
expenses of said Hanson, as heretofore paid in similar
cases.
Mr. HAMLIN". I would move to refer that
resolution to the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate, but that on conferring with
the chairman of that committee, I learned that he'
approved of the resolution, and did not consider
it necessary to have it referred. I will state that
the person referred to in the resolution performed
the duties of a messenger in one of the document
rooms during the time specified in the resolution.
The resolution also proposes to make provision
for the payment of the funeral expenses of the
deceased, which is agreeable to the precedent in
some cases heretofore. The expenses are very
slight, not exceeding $100, and the widow of the
deceased is, as I learn, in somewhat indigent cir-
cumstances.
Mr. DE SAUSSXJRE. I would much prefer
to have that resolution referred to the Committee
on Contingent Expenses. I am rather inclined to
think that the payment of the funeral expenses in
such a case is a new feature. It is not to the
amount of that expense to which I should object;
but I prefer to have the resolution referred to the
committee, and therefore make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL SECURITY ON WESTERN
WATERS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move that the Senate
postpone all prior orders, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of a "joint resolution
to provide additional security for the lives and prop-
erty of persons navigating the western waters."
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was read and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides that it shall be the duty of the owner
or master of any boat, craft, vessel, or faft, navi-
gating any of the western navigable rivers, not
propelled m whole or in part by steam, running or
floating between sunset and sunrise, to carry one
or more signal lights in a conspicuous place, that
may be seen by other boats navigating the same
waters, under the penalty of $100.
And it provides, also, that in addition to the
signal lights, as before prescribed, the master or
owner of such boat, craft, vessel, or raft, shall be
provided with a rattle or bell, in such times asfogs
may prevent said lights from being seen, and sound
the same upon the known approach of other boats,
under the penalty of $100.
It further provides, that the foregoing provisions
shall apply to such vessel, ftoat, craft, or raft,not
only while actually running or floating, but while
lying to, cabled, or anchored, at any place other
than such public places and landings as may by
law or regulations of corporate cities and towns
be appropriated for such purpose.
And also, that the penalties imposed by this
resolution shall be recovered in the manner speci-
fied by the eleventh section of the act approved
July 7, 1838, entitled 44 An act to provide for the
better security of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in wholeorin partby steam."
And further, that the owners or masters of any
boat, cruft, vessel, or raft, as aforesaid, neglecting
or violating the provisions of this resolution, shall
not be entitled to recover against any other boat,
raft, craft, or vessel, any damages for injuries sus-
tained, (other than those which are willful and ma-
licious,) by collision or otherwise.
The bill was reported back from the Committee
on Commerce, wiih the following amendment:
(C To ijisert. after the word 1 boats,' in the eighth line of
the first section, the words {or craft.? "
The question was taken on the foregoing amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
