1851.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
half-way house between despotism and republi-
canism. She is responsible, as much as any
power in Europe, for the failure of the revolution-
ary movements which have occured within the
last four years. English diplomacy, English in-
trigue, and English perfidy put down the revolu-
tion in Sicily and in Italy, and was the greatest
bairier to its success even m Hungary. So long
as England &haJl, by her diplomacy, attempt to
defeat liberal movements in Europe, 1 am utterly
averse to an alliance with hei to sustain her
monarch, her nobles, and her privileged classes.
She must sustain her constitutional monarchy,
even against absolutism, without receiving aid
from republican America with my consent, and
especially so long as she condemns to imprison-
ment and transportation for life the noble Irish pa-
triots, whose only crime consisted in attempting
that for which the great Hungarian is now idol-
ized by the English people. She must do justice
to Ireland, and the Irish patriots in exile, and to
the masses of her own people, by leheving them
from the oppressive taxation imposed to sustain
the privileged classes, and by adopting republican
institutions, before she can have my sympathy,
much less my aid, even against Russia. I wish no
alliance with monarchs. No republican movement
"will ever succeed so long as the people put their
trust in princes. The fatal error committed in
Italy, in Germany, in France, wherever the ex-
periment was tried, consisted in placing a prince
at the head of the popular movement. The princes
•all sympathised with the dynasties from which
they were descended, and seized the first op-
portunity to produce a reaction, and to betray
the people into the hands of their oppressors.
There is reason to believe that much of this was
accomplished through British diplomacy aad in-
trigue. What more natural? The power of the
British Government is in the hands of the prin-
ces and the nobility. Their sympathies are all
with the privileged classes of other countries, in
every movement which does not affect the imme-
diate interests of their own kingdom. Repub-
licanism has nothing to hope, therefore, from Eng-
land so long as she maintains her existing govern-
ment, and preserves herpresent policy. I repeat,
I desire no alliance with England. We require no
assistance from her, and will yield none to her
until she does justice to her own people. The
peculiar position of our country requires that we
should have an American policy in our foreign re-
lations, based upon the principles of our own Gov-
ernment, and adapted to the spirit of the age. We
should sympathize with every liberal movement—
recognize the independence of all Republics—form
commercial treaties, and open diplomatic relations
with them—protest against all infractions of the
laws of nations, and hold ourselves ready to do
whatever our duty may require when a case shall
arise.
Returning to the immediate question before the
Senate, I hold that a welcome to Governor Kos-
suth—a national welcome and a public reception
by both Houses of Congress—is no cause of of-
ence to any Power on earth. That the despotic
Powers of the Old World would prefer to have us
withhold from this distinguished champion of free-
dom every act of courtesy and evidence of sym-
pathy, is doubtless true; for they would take his
^ife, and consign his name to infamy, for the very
deeds which endear him to every American heart,
and make him the representative of the liberal
movement in the Old World. We love and honor
him for the same reason that they hate and fear
him. Hence we cannot regulate our action by,
their wishes. We should not act in abject obedi-
ence to the wishes of other nations, whose institu-
tions are different from ours, nor in fear of their
resentment. We should act in fear o** God, per-
forming our duty to ourselves and to mankind,
and leave the world to form its own opinion. I
desire to extend this welcome to Governor Kos-
suth, because he is the recognized representative
of the popular movement in Europe. The reso-
lution does not commit us to anything in the fu-
ture. It is no sufficient objection that Governor
Kossuth may ask more for his country than we
deem it consistent with the interests and honor of
our country to grant. I repeat, we will judge of
that question when it arises. 1 will not encour-
age the despots of Europe by our refusal in ad-
vance, nor will I mislead him by inciting hopes
which may not be realized. L et us do our duty
E
now, and reserve the right to do whatever Ameri- !
can interests and honor and duty may require in !
the future. j
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, when the first ;
resolution offered by the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr, Foote] was presented, I briefly stated the
reasons why I could not vote for that resolution.
Since the discussion has commenced, the character
of' the proposition before the body has most essen-
tially changed. It i« due to candor, and to a right
understanding of this subject, before the nation
and the distinguished individual whom we are dis-
posed to honor, that we should understand each
other thoroughly; that we should know what were
the expectations created in the mind of Kossuth
when he received what is callsd the invitation to
the hospitalities of this country. We have to ask
him his impression of that invitation. We should
know what expectations were created. We should
understand them. We should understand his im-
pressions of the obligation he is laid under. And
then candor would compcl us to investigate the
understanding between the host and the guest.
We tendered to him a national vessel to come to
this country and seek an asylum; or to come and
receive hospitality, according to the interpretation
of some. We did not intend to interfere with the
domestic affairs of Hungary, or any other coun-
try. We found him an exile, a voluntary captive,
or under the hospitable protection of the Turkish
Government. We askeu him here. He has come.
On his way to receive our hospitality, he announ-
ces to the world the character of the invitation. He
lets us understand what is his construction of it:
that he has come here, not nierely for the purpose
of receiving our sympathy, but to ask of us to
interfere between his country and foreign Govern-
ments. He asks us to dcclare that we will inter-
fere, in the event that the struggle should recom-
mence m Hungary against Austria. He tells the
world that this is the object of his visit. And,
when he lands on our shores, he tells us that he
knew he had our sympathies; that he and his coun-
trymen had the sympathies of the world; that it was
not for mere sympathy that he crossed the Atlantic
ocean; that he came here to have something more
substantial. He wants to receive the pledge of this
Government, that if the hour of revolution should
ever come again in his fatherland, the United
States will stand by and see fair play; and that if
any other nation on earth interferes, then the Uni-
ted States shall tukepait in the controversy. That
is the character of the position he now occupies.
He tells us that he expects the materiel of aid to
protect his country. And what is that? Men,
money, and arms. That is his impression.
Is it not, then, due to candor—do not honor and
magnanimity require us to announce to Kossuth
that this Government has no such design? Will
you suffer him to come to the seat of Government
with such expectations? or will you state to him
the character in which you expect to receive him ?
My colleague, sensible of his position, and of the
impression made upon the mind of this distin-
guished individual by this formal welcome to our
shores, has introduced an amendment asking us to
announce to him that he is mistaken; that he is not
to come to the seat of Government of this great
nation under the expectation that this Government
gives any pledge, or any assurance, that they will
sustain him at any time. Why should we not tell
him that he must not expect that we shall afford
him men and means as a Government ? As an
honorable mail, connected with anotherindividual, 1
would you suffer that individual to have wrong
impressions in relation to the course you intended ;
to pursue ? Would you not let him understand
precisely what you intended ? Just so with na-
tions. It is due from the Government of the
United States to announce to this distinguished in-
dividual the object they have in view. I submit i
to honorable Senators whether they intend to jus- |
tify the expectations which Kossuth has an- i
nounced he had m coming to this country* Will |
they allow the impression to be left on his mind 1
that we are to furnish him with any materiel of,
war? 1 think not, although some Senators de- .
clare that they will not express an opinion one
way or the other; that " sufficient unto the day is .
the evil thereof;" when the occasion arises, they
will determine whether or not to interfere. This
is the language of the* Senator from Illinois, [Mr. ■
Douglas^] This is the language of the Senator ,
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass;] and indirectly, the
language of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr,
Foote.] ^ -
When the Senator from Mississippi rea^.tjie
speech made by the present distinguished Secre-
tary of State in 1823, it at once drew lfiy attention "
to the State of this country at that time, and to the
principles upon which the Republican party have -
stood from the days of Washington down to the
present hour. Then it was that revolutions were
going on in South America; then it was that our
country had to announce to the civilized world the
principles upon which we administered this
Government. Then it was, 1 would remind the"
Senator, that the distinguished Mr. Monroe, who
concentrated in himself, on account of his purity,
both the Republican and Federal parties, annpuncefl.
what were the principles of this Government, and
the principles which had been sustained by "Wash-
ington, by Adjams, by Jeffeison, and by Madison.
I will show you, by reference to the message of
1824, what were the views of Mr. Monroe, and
upon precisely such a question as this; that is, the
question of interference with foreign Governments.
I beg to read from that message, in order that this
may go out with the speech which was read by
the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. l^OOTE, of Mississippi. I wish to aslc
the gentleman whether we are to understand him
as concurring with Mr. Webster, or Mr, Mon-
roe?
Mr. DAWSON. If they differ at all, I concur
with Mr. Monroe, though 1 do not, think there is
any difference of opinion. But I would ask the
Senator, in return, whether in 1824 he would have
concurred with Mr. Webster, or Mr. Monroe?
Mr. FOOTE. If their views were the sam,e
there is no necessity for that.
Mr. DAWSON". I read from Mr. Monroe's
message of 1824:
" Fn turning our attention to the condition of the civilized
world, m which the United Slates have always taken a
deep interest, it is gratifying to see how large a portion of it
is blessed with peace. The only wars winch now exist
within that limit, are those between Turkey and Greece, in
Europe, and between Spain and the now Governments, our
neighbors, in tins hemisphere. In both these wars, the
cause of independence, of liberty, and humanity, continues
to prevail. The success of Gieece, when the'relative popu-
lation of the contending parties is considered, commands,
our admiration and applause, and that it has had a similiar
etfeet with theneighboiing,powers,is obvious. The feeling
of the whole civilized world is etcited, in a high degree, in
their favor. May we not hope that these sentiments, win-
ning on the hearts of their respective Governments, may
lead to a more decisive result? that they may produce an
accord among them, to replace Groee« on the ground which
she formerly held, and to winch her heroic exertions, at this
day, so eminently entitle her.
" With respect to the contest, to which our neighbors are
a parly, it is evident that Spam, as a power, is scarcely felt
in it. These new States had completely achieved their in-
dependence before it was acknowledged by the United
States, and they have since maintained it with little foreign
i picssure. The distuj bailees which have appeared in cer-
tarn portions of that vast territory, have proceeded from
i internal causes, which had their origin m their former gov-
1 ernments, and have not yet been thoroughly removed. It
is manifest that these causes are daily losing their
and that these new States are setting down under govern-
ments elective and representative m every branch similiar
to our own. In this course we ardently wish them to per-
severe, under a firm conviction that it* will promote their
happiness. In thia their career, however, we have not
interfiled, believing that every people have a right to insti-
tute for themselves the government which, in their judg-
ment, may Hint them best. Our example i? before them, of
the good efleet of which, beingr our neighbors, they are
competent judges, and to their judgment we leave it, in the
evpeetanon that other powers will pursue the same policy.
The deep interest which we take in their independence,
; which we have acknowledged, and in their enjoyment of
I all the rights incident thereto, especially in the veryim-
poitant one of instituting their own government*, has been
: declaied, and is known to the world. Separated, as we
; are, from Euiope, by the great Atlantic ocean, we can have
! no concern in the wars of the European Governments, nor
; in the causes which produce them. The balance of power
| between them, into which ever scale it mav turn* in its
i various vibrations, cannot aiTect us. It is the interest of
! the United States to prcseive the mo«t fiiendly relations
j with every power, and on conditions fair, equal, and appli-
j cable to all. But in regard to our neighbors, our situation
j is different. It is impossible foi the Euiopean Governments
I to interfero in their concerns, especially in those alluded to,
j which are vital, without affecting us; indeed, the motive
] which might induce such interference in the present state
; of the war between the parties, if a war it may be called,
i would appear to be equally applicable to us. It is gratify-
1 ing to know that t-oine of the powers with whom we enjoy
' a veiy friendly intercourse, and to whom these views have
! been communicated, have appeared to acquiesce in them."
Sir, the principles here laid down by Mr. Mon- -
roe have been laid down from the foundation of
i this Government: that we should not interfere in
the affairs of European nations; that we should
|i take no part in their wars; and that we should
