1848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to insert,after the
word " bell," in section second, line fourth, the
words "or some other contrivance."
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the Senator
from Arkansas the inquiry, whether he will not
be likely to do away with all the good effects of
the bill by such a " contrivance"—whether he
will not weaken the means of giving an alarm, by
leaving it to any man'sown suggestion to take any
contrivance which he may choose? I would sug-
gest whether it would not be better to limit it to
something that will give the alarm, in order to give
ample notice. That is the object, I suppose.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 will say to the Senator
from Massachusetts, that I olfer this amendment
at the suggestion of gentlemen who have had much
more experience in these matters than I have, and
who suggested that other means were sometimes
adopted of late, which in some cases were found
to be more«eftectual than the ringing of a bell.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I would suggest the Adop-
tion of the words, " or some means equally effect-
ive," in place of those named by the Senator
from Arkansas.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will adopt those words ;
in lieu of my proposed amendment. j
The amendment was agreed to. i
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I propose farther to amend
the bill, by inserting fn line sixth of the first sec-
tion, after the word " steam," the words "or
sails," so as to embrace all the smaller sailing craft
that navigate those waters.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 have one more amend-
ment,which is to insert in section fifth, at the sixth
line, after the word " malicious," the words " or
from want of ordinary care."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 would inquire whether
this is a proper time to move an amendment of
the title of the bill? This is called a joint resolu-
tion, while it should be denominated a bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is not
the proper time.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will, then, move to strike
out the word " Resolved" in the first section, and
to insert the words " Be it enacted;" and also to
strikeout the word " resolved," in each of the suc-
ceeding sections, and insert the word " enacted."
The amendments were agreed to.
The resolution was then reported to the Senate
as amended.
Mr. CHARLTON. I would suggest to the
Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebastian,] that by
the proposed amendment, in the fifth section, it
seems to me the Senator is destroying the effect of
the words within the parenthesis. It reads, M shall
' not be entitled to recover against any other boat,
' raft, craft, or vessel, any damages for injuries
4 sustained, (other than those which are willful and
* malicious,) by collision or otherwise."
If I understand the amendment, the words "or
from want of ordinary care," are added after the
word "malicious." It strikes me that it should
remain as it was,for the plain reason, that if ap-
pears that the boat which has received the injury
has not exercised ordinary care, and therefore
she ought, not to lecover damages 1'rom the other.
They ought to be upon the same footing. The
rule of common law has always been, that if there
beany neglect or fault at all on the part of the
boat which is injured, the party cannot recover.
In admiralty the rule is to divide the loss. But I
would suggest that, inasmuch as, in this case, the
injured boat has not exercised the ordinary care,
I do not see why the owners of that boat should
recover from another boat which has exercised or-
dinary care. If it is a proper time to make the
motion, I would move that the words, " or from
want of ordinary care," be stricken out. I do not
wish to embarrass the bill; but I make the motion
so as to make the bill harmonize with the princi-
ples of common law.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I would suggest to the
Senator from Georgia to let the question be taken
on concurring in the other amendments made in
Committee of the Whole first, and then upon this
particular amendment by itself.
The question was taken on concurring in the
several amendments made in Committee of the
Whole, with the exception of the one named by
the Senator from Georgia, and they were con-
curred in.
The question then recurred on concurring in the
amendment madeby inserting the words, " orfrom
want of ordinary care," in the fifth section.
Mr. CHARLTON. I do not wish to embarrass
the bill at all, and if the Senator from Arkansas
prefers the section-as it is, I will not insist on my
motion. It seems to me, however, that we should
not concur in that amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. On examining the original
draft of the bill, it occurred to me that the provis-
ion as it stands was amply sufficient, because,
where there is a wantofordiuary care technically,
an injury may be said to be done willfully and ma-
liciously. It was thought, however, that by add-
ing these words, it would make the matter still
more specific. As to the application of the bill, I
lake it for granted that the Senator from Georgia
is mistaken, when he says that the question ap-
plies to a boat which is injured, but which has
not faded to comply with the provisions of this
act.
The question was taken on concurring m the
amendment, and it was not concurred in.
No further amendment being offered, the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WELLER. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up Senate bill
No. 269, being a bill "to authox*i2.e the payment
' by the surveyor general of California for the
' surveys which may be executed of any claims
' which have been or may be presented to the
4 board of land commissioners for adjudication
' under the act of Congress, approved 3d March,
4 1851, to ascertain and settle the private land
' claims in the State of California."
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides that in the case of any and all pri-
vate land c^nns which have been or may be pie-
sen ted in good faith for adjudication to the board
of laud commissioners, under the act of Congress,
approved 3d March, 1851, " to ascertain and set-
tle the private land chums in the State of Califor-
nia," and in winch the said commissioners may
certify to the surveyor general of California that
evidence is before them that such claim or claims
have been presented to them in good faith and
are docketed accordingly, it shall and may be law-
ful for the said surveyor general, out of the sur-
veying funds, to pay for the survey of such claims
as have been or may be executed under his super-
vision and direction: Provided, That upon the re-
turn to the office of the said surveyor general of
the field notes and plats, he shall find that such
surveys have been correctly made.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, with amendments—namely: to add
severaj sections, and to amend the title so as to
make it read as follows: " A bill to amend an act
4 entitled ' An act to ascertain and settle the pri-
; ' vate land claims in the State of California,' ap-
, ' proved March 3d, 1851, and for other pur-
I ' poses."
j The following are the additional sections pro-
I posed by the Committee on Public Lands to be
1 added to the bill:
< Sec. 2. Jliul he it farther enacted, That the authority
, conleP'M rm the surveyor genera! by th<j fir*tsoction of this
act, tor the pavmentot surveys executed under his super-
, vj.M<m oi eiaiiiis betore confirmation, shall only apply to
! buoii ca^es as the surveyor genera!, in the gradual exten-
j sum of the lines of the public surveys shall find within the
I immediate sphere of his opeiations, and which he shall be
i satisfied ought to be respected, and actually surveyed m ]
j' advance oJ confirmation; and in cases ot this clasy he J
ji shall be authorized to trace out and establish the. exterior i
ij lines of feucn private claims, closing upon their exterjors '
'\ the lines ol the public surveys, and according to such in-
!; r-truenons as may be given by the Commissions of the '
! General Land Office; and the provisions of this act shall [
not be construed as conferring any authority on tne sur- i
veyor genera! to pay for the .-urvcy of any such private
l.uid claims as may be isolated from, or disconnected with,
the immediate line of his extension of the public surveys.
i: Sec. 3. nd be it further enacted, That in every case in
Jj which the board of commissioners shall render a final de-
j! eission, it shall be their duty to have two certified tran-
|! scripts prepared of their proceedings and decision, and of
j the papers and evidence on which the same aie founded,
i ( one of which transcripts shall be filed with the clerk of the
j proper diftrict court, and the other shall be transmitted to
i | the Attorney General ot the United States, and the filing of
\ | such transcript with the clerk aforesaid shall, ipso facto, op-
:j erate as an appeal for the party against whom the decision
,; of the board may be rendered ; and if such decision shall
i be against the private claimant, it shall be Ms duty to file a
1 notice with the clerk aforesaid, within six months there-
• after, ot his intention to prosecute the appeal; and if the
' decision shall be against the United States, it shall be the
duty of the Attorney General, within a like period, to cause
a notice to be filed with the clerk aforesaid that the appeal
will be prosecuted by the United States; and on a failure of
either party to file such notice with the clerk aforesaid, the
appeal shall be regarded as dismissed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in any petition
which maybe filed by a "present claimant,5' under the
ninth section of the said act of the 3d of March, 1851, it
shall and may be optional with him either to present ornot
the " deraignment of title" to him from the "original
claimant;'1 and in any case in which such deraignment
shall not be filed, and a final decree of confirmation shall
be rendered, such decree shall inure to the benefit of the
claimant under the original grant or concession, his lawful
assignee, oi legal representatives; and any provision of the
afote&aid act ot the 3d of March, 1851, inconsistent with
this act, be and the same is nereby repealed.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That the board of
commissioners for the ascei taming and settling the said
private laud claims, may authorize and direct the clerks
of the said board to superintend the taking of depositions
to be u>ed before the said board whenever the law agent
cannot attend the taking thereof; the said board, upon
the application ofativ claimant, or o! the law agent, under
this act, and the act of which this is amendatory, may
direct a commission to lai-ue to take depositions before
any officer authorized by the iaws of Oaliiorma to admin-
ister oath*; in all winch cases written interrogatones shall
he filed before said board at lea^t forty days before the time
fixed for takinu &aul deposition*.; and crn-.s interrogatories,
it desired, shall be filed before said board within twenty
d.iy> alter the filing of the afoiesaid interrogatories. The
depositions thu* taken shall be carefully sealed up and
transmitted, by the officer taking the same, to the secretary
of the said bftird.
Sec. 6. kindle iL further enacted, That for the purpose
of expediting the ascertaining and settling private land
claims in California, the President of the United States
shall appoint an assistant agent, learned in the law and
sk'lled in the Spanish and English languages, whose duty it
shall be to aid and a>=i->t in the discharge ot all the duties
imposed on the agent hv the act of which this is amenda-
tory, and his compensation s-halt not exceed $4,000 per an-
num.
The PRESIDING OFFICER- The question
is on agreeing to the amendments proposed by the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WELLER. I move to amend the sixth
section by striking out of the ninth line the word
"four" and inserting the word "six," so that
the compensation to'be allowed to the assistant
law agent shall be six thousand dollars instead of
four thousand, as now proposed in the bill. The
reason why I propose the amendment is this: the
compensation allowed to the law agent is fixed
by the act, of which this is amendatory, at six
thousand dollars, and the duties to be performed
by the assistant are precisely the same as those to
be performed by the assent himself. It is for that
reason that I move this amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. WELLER. It will be necessary to move
an amendment to the fifth section proposed by
the committee, in the seventh line. It now reads
in this way:
" The said board, upon the application of any claimant,
or of the law agent,'' &c.
1 move to insert, after the word " agent" the
words " or assistant agent."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. WELLER. I move to amend the bill by
offering an additional section.
The PRESIDENT. The question must first
be taken on agreeing to the amendments of the
committee as amended.
The amendments of the committee as amended
were agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I now move to amend the
bill by adding the following as an additional sec-
tion:
Sec. 7. Jlnl he it further enacted, That so much of tile
thirteenth ^cotton of the act parsed March 3, 1851, entitled
<• All act iu ascertain aud setlle private land claims in the
State of California," and as limits the time for the filing of
claims, be so amended as to extend the period for present-
ing the same two years from and after the third day of
March next.
Mr. WELLER. This section is necessary
because, as the law now stands, the time for the
presentation of these claims will expire on the 3d
of March next. It will he impossible for the
board of commissioners to adjudicate on all the
cases anterior to that time; and for that reason I
propose to extend the time two years from the 3d
of March next.
The additional section was adopted.
Mr". WELLER. I have another section m
offer to this bill.
' It was read, as follows: *
i Sec. 8. Ami be it further enacted, That a competent
! person, skilled in the English and Spanish languages, shall
be appointed by the Attorney General of the United States?
' who shall proceed to Mexico, in order to obtain copies ot
