12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. . 11,
(suffer no European Power to interfere or inter-
meddle with the internal relations of this continent.
What is sought now to be done? I know that
sentlemen disclaim the idea of interference; that
is, they do not intend to intermeddle in any of
their strifes. But what is the proposition before
us, stripped of the circumstances which surround
it? Take away the verbiage and the rhetoric which
have been thrown around it, and what does the
proposition amount to ? "W[hat does Kossuth ex-
pect from this country? What does he believe
your invitation is intended to signify ? _ From
whom can you get this information but himself?
He tells you, candidly, that he comes, not merely
for your sympathy, but for your materiel—for
yqur pronunciamiento or proclamation, that in
ease Austria and Hungary again engage in bloody
strife, you will stand by and see fair play; and if
any other foreign Power interferes, we shall tnke
a hand in it. X defy any Senator to put a differ-
ent construction upon the language of this distin-
guished man. Yet, in a crisis like this, in our
own country, at a time just preceding the presi-
dential election, when the foreign influence is tre-
mendous, we are called upon to do thi<=3. X say it
is wrong. There is a want of candor and a want
of magnanimity in giving him a public reception
here, unless we tell him what we really intend
to do, andjvhat we intended at the time we invited
him, and that when we opened our hearts to re-
ceive him, it was for the purpose of throwing
around hirn the protection of the Constitution and
laws of this country. But when he comes here,
he changes his character to that of an agitator, and
proclaims to us—Gentlemen, I will dine with you;
but I shall prescribe the character of the dishes
which shall be on your table; I shall tell you what
I expect when I come to see you, and not leave it
to your own taste. This question comes home to
our candor and magnanimity, „ot as politicians,
but as men and statesmen. The consequences
growing out of this question will involve not us
only, but our reputation as a Senate. Is there a
Senator heie who would say to Kossuth, We will
give you the materiel of war at the proper time?
But, he says, I come here under that expectation;
I announced that expectation, and still vou asked
me to come. He will say to you, as lie said to
the deputation from Philadelphia, that " if he had
known, before he came here, that this was the
limitation put upon the invitation, he would have
hesitated long before he would have come."
Kossuth is acting with candor. He is carrying
out that boldness and independence of conduct
which has marked his career. Let us follow the
same example, and when dealing with a man of
honor, of chivalry, of intelligence and statesman-
ship, let us deal with him in candor, and not allow
him to lie lead astray by our uncertain course.
Hence it is that I have taken up my position 111
opposition to this resolution; hence, 1 oppose the
resolution of the Senator from Is'ew Vork. What
is meant by it? The .Senator from jVJ ichignn says,
we welcome Kossuth as tho representative of a
great principle. Of whn.f principle - Kossuth says
it is the light of nations to interfere with foreign
nations; not the principle of non-intervention, hut
the right to interfere when two contending Powers
are engaged in war to prevent a third Power from
taking part. That is his principle, and he expects
it to be sustained. Now, will you receive him,
and receive him publicly, without announcing to
him what we mean—without letting him under-
stand, as proposed hv my colleague, the principle
which we intend to pursue—a principle coeval
with the foundation of our Union'
I ask pardon of the Senate for having trespassed
bo long upon them. I did not design to speak, but
Jthought it necessary for me to do so in conse-
quence of the position in which the question had
been placed.
Mr. CADGER. X have some remarks which I
should be extremely glad to submit to the Senate
on this subject. As they are not intended for Bun-
combe but for the Senate, I should be extremely
glad to have an opportunity of submitting them
at an hour of the day when the Senate is full. In
addition to that, t am laboring under a cold which
unfits me for addressing the Senate this evening,
and I should be extremely glad to have this sub-
ject postponed until to-morrow. I move that it
be so postponed.
Mr. SEWARD. Does the Senator wish to
speak upon the amendment or upon the original
resolution ?
Mr. BADGER. I desire to speak upon theres-
olution,and upon the amendment as connected
with the resolution.
Mr. DAWSON. I understand that a Senator'
from Alabama and a Senator from Texas, who
are not now in their seats, also desire to speak
upon the question.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to postpone
until to-morrow the further consideration of the
subject.
Mr. CASS. I would yield as cheerfully to the
Senator from North Carolina as any other gentle-
man; but it seems to me that this, instead of being
merely courteous, would prolong debate. I would
like to have this proposition voted on, for I under-
stand that if it is voted down another will be of-
fered. 1 hope the subject will be disposed of.
Mr. BADGER. I am extremely obliged to the
honorable Senator from Michigan for that cour-
tesy which manifests itself in words and not m
acts; which shows itself with an almost sponta-
neous granting when there is no desire lo refuse,
and refuses at the very moment it is courteous to
grant. 1 throw myself on the indulgence of the
Senate. I do not often ask these things.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. BADGER. I now desire, not for my ac-
commodation, but at the suggestion of some of
i my friends on both sides of the Chamber, to renew
! the motion made this morning by the Senator from
I New Hampshire, [Mr. XIai.e",] that when the
i Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. u'OOTlJ, of Mississippi. I hope my friend
will not press that motion. As 1 shalllea\ e here in
about ten days, 1 feel a particular anxiety in rela-
I tion to one particular subject. 1 am exceedingly
| anxious to know the position of my resolution in
| relation to the compromise measures.
; The PRESIDENT. That resolution is the next
special order, and it will come up after this is dis-
| posed of.
' Mr. OWIJf. I hope the Senator from Noith
I Carolina will withdraw his motion, and that we
I shall meet to-morrow, with the understanding that
i this resolution shall be the subject of discussion.
• Mr. BADGER. Does the Senator wish to push
J forward anything for California now?
Mr. GWIN. 1 want to have this resolution
out of the way.
Mr. BADGER. As the ultimate object of my
friend from California is to expedite the California
business, 1 would say to liini that fcUhui IcnU. is
the best policy about that. This pushing forward
of California will ultimately put her further behind.
We have a long session before us. We are all
extremely anxious at the earliest convenient mo-
ment to do everything that is necessary for Cali-
fornia, but do not press us into sitting on Fridays
before the Christmas holidays.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I am utterly op-
posed to losing time in this way. It does seem to
me rather censurable, and I think it will be cen-
, sured by the country, if we adjourn until Monday
without disposing of the lvossuth resolution. Un-
less it is disposed of before Monday, I feel that its
adoption will do no good. As suggested by my
friend from California, we might meet to-morrow
with an understanding that the Kossuth resolution
would be disposed of, after we should have the
enjoyment of listening to the Senator from North
Carolina. I think that we have already extended
the spirit of accommodation far enough by post-
poning the resolution until to-morruw. X cannot
consent to adjourn until Monday.
Mr. HALE. If the Senate refuses to adjourn
until Monday, they will be departing from the
usual and ordinary course—from the super anti-
ques fias. If we meet to-morrow, instead of les-
sening it will open the floodgates of debate, in my
opinion, and inflict ten speeches for one we should
otherwise have had. It will be considered a sort
of invitation for gentlemen to come and speak. I
know the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Foote]
has but a few days to stay and a great deal to say.
Hence his anxiety that we should sit to-morrow.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. Having said a
good deal, I have very little more to say. I shall,
during my continuance in tthis body this session,
say nothing more unless something winch I have
already said shall be assailed.
Mr. HALE. If I did not know what the Sen-
ator meant by "a single word," I might begov-
I erned by his suggestion; but X do know. I hope
' the Senate will adjourn over.
I Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senate will indulge
me while X make a single suggestion as regards
! this proposition to adjourn until Monday. We
have excited an intense interest in the bosom of
! an illustrious man who is now upon our shores,
' and whose course, we know, may be affected by
j the decision at which we shall arrive. I hope that,
i out of consideration for him whom we have brought
' here, we will not adjourn over until Monday and
j leave him in suspense until next week,
j Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. X call for the yeas and
i nays on the motion.
i The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being'
i taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 27; as follows:
! YJ5AS — Messrs. Atchison. Badger, Berrien, Claike,
■ ilnvi-. ilawbon. Fish, Foot of Vermont, Ge>ei, H.ile, Ham-
! 1m, Hunter, Miller, Morton, I'ciuee, Pratt, Sprimncc, an<?
Underwood—18.
; NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Bradlmry, Biisht, Brodbeady
> JJorlwe of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Duugla«<r
! Oo'.vn?, Foh'Ii, Foote of Mis«nteii>pi,Gwiu, Houston, James,
. Jones of fowa, Ivine, MaHoiv, Norri«, Seward, Shields,
: Sunt!;, Stockton, .Sumner, Wado, Walker, and Whtfr-
! comb—27.
i So the motion was not agreed to-
| On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday,. Vecember 11, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The following gentlemen were announced to con-
stitute the select committee authorized to be ap-
pointed yesterday upon the petition of "W. T. G.
Morion, praying- remuneration as the discoverer of
etherization, viz: Messrs. Djsskll, Fitch, Stan-
ly, Rantoui., and Sutherland.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. DISNEY, on leave, and in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced a bill to remit the toll??
on the United States stock in the Louisville and
Portland Canal Company, and to purchase the
shares of the individual stockholders, and to make
the navigation of the said canal free, and to con-
struct a free canal on the Indiana side of the Palls
of the Ohio ; which, having been read a first and
second time by its title,
Mr. D. moved that jt be referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. VENA15LE moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. It contained some important princi-
ples, and should be fully discussed.
Mr. KING, of New "York. Let it be first re-
fvivd to the Committee on Roads and Canals, and
we can have the report of-that committee to guide
us.
Mr. VENABLE withdrew his motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved £o lay the
bill upon the table—the only place, he said, where
it ought to be. He demanded the yeas and nays
upon the question; winch were not ordered.
The quotation was then taken upon the motion
to lay the bill upon the table; and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurring upon the motion to refer
to the Committee on Roads and Canals, it was
agreed to.
COMMITTEE OF ELECTIONS.
Mr. DISNEY asked to be excused from service
on the Committee of Elections, for reasons which,
he said, he deemed satisfactory to himself; not,
however, for want of respect in the appointing-
power.
The question was put, and he was excused.
GRANT OF LAND.
Mr. PHELPS, on leave, and in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced a bill granting the
! right of way and making a gr&nt of land to the
! State of Missouri, to aid in the construction of a
| railroad from St. Louis to the western line of said
J State; which having been read a first and second
| time by its title,
Mr. PHELPS moved that it be printed, and
! referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
