1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
985
A bill for the relief of Monmouth B. Hart, Joel
Kelly, and William Close, securities for the late
Benjamin F. Hart, a purser In the United States
Navy.
CREEK INDEMNITY CLAIM.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I submit the following :
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to furnish to the Senate all information in the office of the
Commissioner of Indian Affaire, bliowm? the names and
number of claimants of the liquidated balance of indemnity
due to friendly Creek Indians for looses ir the Creek war !
of 1812, and the amounts respectively due to then). i
Mr.S. I expect toeall up thesubject-matterofthat
resolution for the consideration of the Senate at an
early day. The statement which it requires, will j
give information necessary to illustrate the nature I
and character of the claim referred to. I hope that 1
there will be no objection to considering the reso-
lution at this time, as it merely asks for informa- :
tion with respect to business which must neces-
sarily come before the Senate at an early day.
There being no objection, the resolution was j
considered and agreed to. \
INDIAN COMMISSIONERS IN CALIFORNIA. ,
Mr. "VVELLER, 1 offer the following resolu- ^
tion:
Resolved. Thai the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to inform the Senate, fitst, whether the Indian commis-
sioners or agents in the State of California, in their nego-
tiations, have contracted any debts for which the Govern-
ment is liable; and if so, the amount thereof; second,
whether any drafts, drawn by said commissioners or agents,
have been protested'by the Department; and if so, the
amount.
Mr. W. I shall ask for the consideration of
that resolution now, as the information sought
will be of importance when we come to act upon
the deficiency bill. I know that debts have been
contracted to the amount of §700,000, for which
certificates or drafts have been given by the In-
dian commissioner. Those drafts are in the hands
of citizens of California, who have furnished sup-
plied to the commissioner to be furnished to the
Indians. It will be necessary, if these debts have '•
been contracted in good faith,for the Government
to pay them, unless it be that the Indian coramis- ,
sioner has transcended his authority in these con-
tracts". This resolution simply calls for me amount
of these debts, if any have been contracted. In
my judgment, they are so large that the subject
should receive the prompt attention of the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to.
FLORIDA ELECTION COMMITTEE.
Mr. MASON. I received alerter, abi>ut a week
ago, from the honorable Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Bright,] dated at his residence in Indiana, _
informing r*e, th;u m consequence of an ailhciive '
death in his family, he should probably be ue- 1
tained at home for three or lour weeks. He there-
fore requests me to ask the Senate to excuse him
from serving on the select committee on the Flor-
ida Senatorial elecuon case.
Mr. "WALKER.. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Virginia whether he has not heard from
the Senator from Indiana more recently than the
time to which he refer? r
Mr. MASON. I have not.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Is he not already on his
way here?
Mr. WALKER. Perhaps u may oe as well
to mention that, from information which I have
received, I expect Mr. Bright to be herein a day
or two, and that it may be advisable not to take
action on the proposition of the Senator from Vir- '
ginia, for that time at lensr.
Mr. MASON. In reply to the Senator from
Wisconsin, I may state that I have heard nothing
from the SenatorYrorn Indiana since the letter I
have alluded to, which I received a week ago, and
which was dated some three or four days prior to
the tune L received ii. I have no objection tnat
action should be delayed for a few days on the mo-
tion I have made.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator with-
diAW the motion:
Mr. MASON. J dr.,
JUDICIAL SALARY IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. RHETT submitted the following resolu-
uon; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary do in-
quire into the propriety of increasing the salary of the .nidge
of the district court oi" the TTnited lor the Stnte of ,
South Carolina.
OTTAWA AND CHIPPEWA INDIANS.
Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolu-
! tion; which was agreed to:
j Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
| suucied to inquire into the expediency of making provision
| for the amicable anaugement with Hie Ottawa and Chip-
] pewa Indians of all questions arising under the treaty with
i them of 18o6, relative to the continued occupancy of the
; lands reserved to them, and the consideration to be paid for
' cuch ee«sicn ; and, albO, as to the expediency of making an
j appropnation to enable the proper Department to consum-
j mate such mf azures as may be necessary lor tneir perina-
, nent settlement m the country where they now retide.
NON-INTERVENTION,
j Mr; HUNTER. I move to postpone all the
, special orders preceding the resolution respecting
! the doctrine of non-intervention,
j Mr. EORLANU. Before a vote is taken on
I that question, I desire to say, that but for the
! general undeistanding that the resolution whose
; consideration it is now moved to resume, was to
be considered to-day, to the exclusion of every-
j thing else, I should have moved to take up the j
resolution of inquiry with regard to the expedi- '
t tion to Japan. I shall to-morrow move to take
! up that resolution. I make this suggestion in |
| justice to myself, lest it might be supposed that I I
j had abandoned it altogether. !
: Mr. GWiiN". I wish to state that I hope that
| when the Senator from Virginia shall have con-
i eluded his remarks to-day, we may resume the
j consideration of the subject which was before us
j yesterday.
| The motion to postpone all other special orders,
i and to proceed to the consideration of the resolu-
i tion offered by the Senator from Rhode Island.
1 was agreed to, and the Senate resumed its consid-
' eration as in Commit.ee of the Whole.
; Mr. MASON addressed the Senate for two
I hours m support of the doctrine of non-interven-
! tion. A report of his speech will be found in the
I Appendix.
[ Mr. BELL. The Senate are aware that it has
j been my desire to be heard on this subject. I
j submit to the Senate to appoint some day on which
J to take up this subject again.
! Mr. UNDERWOOD and others suggested
| Monday.
Mr. BELL. If there are uny mer'siircs to be
' pressed in the mean time, 1 have no disposition to
ask to be heard before Monday or Tuesday next.
Several Se.vatohs suggested*Tuesday.
| Mr. BELL. I move to postpone the further
coiisideraihui of the resolutions until Tuesday
next.
Mr. COOPER. 1 should be glad if the Sena-
1 tor front Teiiness.ee would lix a day early to the
j week. 1 desire to obtain the floor, it no one else
' does, at me conclusion the Senator's speech;
1 and 1 should like to have on opportunity to od-
, dress the Senate on some early day during the
next week.
Mr. CASS. I wish to suggest whether it would
not be better to go on and terminate the discussion,
before we take up any other subject.
Mr. BELL. I desire to accommodate gentle-
men. When I made the motmn to postpone until
Tuesdav, I had in view the measure reported by
the honoiable Senc .or trorn Virginia, [Mr. IIu-v-
rER,] m relation tothepuuhe buildings. I ihoughf
that by postponing these resolutions until Tues-
day next', that m.aa«ure and the apportionment bill
also miqiit b'-1 trken up and disposed of in the
in win time. I nave no objection, lio\> or, to any
dav that may suit the convenience of the Senate.
Mr. COOPER. "Wednesdjy will S'jnme: and
therefore I have no objection to fix
for hearing tne Senator iioin Tennessee.
Mr. BADGER. I wish merely, at tins time,
to lemmd the Senate vwhat perhaps has escaped
their recollection) that on the first or second day
of February, if my memory serves me corjecLy,
I commenced a speech on the compromise reso-
lution offered by the late Senator, now Governor
of Mississippi, which T ha\e consented to post-
pone, from'time to time, rather than interfere \\ Ua
the convenience of other gentlemen._ Behevmg,
as I did then, and do now, that the views T have
to submit contain salt enough to keep them sound
for any reasonable period, I have not pressed the
Senate to hear me; but I beg leave to suggest to
my friend that I think it is not unreasonab.e that
I should be allowed, in the course of seme few
days, to complete the speech which I then com-
menced I believe it has been longer en the car-
t pet than any speech I ever heard of in either
House of Congress, I wish to give notice now,
that to-morrow, during the morning hour, I shall
ask the Senate to take up that resolution, with
a view of appoirting some particular day for its
consideration. I will add that I do it less on my
own account than on account of a friend on
this floor. The Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Brooke] has reasons which induce him to flunk'
it a matter of interest and importance to himself
[ to be heard upon that resolution; and I assure the
! Senate that it is far more with a view to his grati-
fication than my own that I shall to-morrow ask
the Senate to take up that resolution, and fix a day
for its consideration.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the resolutions until Tuesday, was agreed
to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the dooTS
v/ere reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
i; Tuesday, April 6, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.' Prayer
Ii by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
: i The journal of yesterday was read and approved,
i! DISCIPLINE IN THE NAVY.
>i The SPEAKER. The first business in order
i is the proposition to reconsider the vote by which
, the bill to enforce discipline in the naval service
i; was rejected; and upon it the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MEACHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
i sent to introduce a joint resolution; and I ask that
it be read for information.
Mr. GORMAN. I object to its reading.
Mr STUART. Mr. Speaker, I desire 
1 Mr. GORMAN. The order of business, I be-
i lieve, is the call of the committees for reports.
CHARGES AGAINST THE CIRCUIT COURT OF
THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mi. W AT.SH. I desire to call the attention of
the Hou&e to a matter, and ask leave to present a
memorial of a singular character.
The SPEAKEfc. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Gorman] is upon the floor.
Mr. GORMAN. During the morning hour, I
understand, the time is to be devoted to the call of
committees:.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill to enforce discipline in the Navy was rejected.
Mr. GORMAN. What is the first thing in
order during the morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill to enforce
discipline in the Navy was rejected, and upon
which the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stu-
art] is entitled to the floor. The gentleman from
\ Maryland [Mr. Walmi] addresses the Chair, and
a:meals to the House to present a memorial,
'ill. WALSH. There has been a memorial
i placed in my hands by Henry May, of the Balti-
lao.'e bar, making complaints against the circuit
j court of the District, and contains charges. I do
i not want te file it under the rules, for, if ever a
I matter required broad daylight, it is this. 1 file
; all my memorials generally under the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to say a word to the
gentleman f'orn Maryland, [Mr. Wai.mi,] and i;
is this 
Does the gentleman object.'
I will be forced to object,
is iieiml 1 want to make
The SPEAKER.
Mr. HOUSTON,
rnless •.«•/ i'ugge.-t,.)
a suggestion.
The SPEAKER.
Mr. HOUSTON.
Debate is not in order.
I do not want to debate it.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Walsh] chooses to offer his memorial,
let it be received. The gentleman from Maryland
asks to offer a memorial.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true; but I under-
stood him farther to say that he means to debate
' Mr. WALSH. J do not mean to say a word
upon the subject of the memorial. I wish merely
to say to the House why I trouble them with the
presentation of this petition. It asks for a change
of venue in the cage of Dinnmore against Wilkes
