1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
all laws, decrees, and ordinances of the Spanish or Mexi-
can Governments relating to, or affecting, land titles or
claims in California or New Mexico; and also certified
conies of all memorials or petitions presented to the Supreme
Government of Mexico, in relation to lands in said State
and Territory while in possession of the said Republic, to -
aether with "all documentary evidence touching said sub-
ject. And further, to obtain such other information, under
the direction of the Attorney General, as may be useful in
adjusting land claims before the board organized under the
act of 3d March, 1851.
Mr. GEYER. I would like to be informed
whether this agent is to go to Mexico for the
purpose of obtaining the muniments of titles of
individual claimants? Or, to what do these docu-
ments he is directed to procure relate? The evi-
dences of title I should suppose the claimants ,
themselves ought to produce. If there be any j
other documents which the agent can procure, ;
under this section, I am not aware of it. It may |
be important to collect and translate these evi-
dences for the information of the Commissioners :
and the Supreme Court of the United States, when j|
that court shall have to act on any case which ji
may be brought before it; but I cannot understand |j
why an agent should be sent to collect evidences ;!
of title for individuals, at the expense of the Gov- :|
ernment. The language of the amendment seems ,
to cover that object, and I wish to inquire whether !|
it is desirable that a public agent should be em- |
ployed for that purpose? . !
Mr. PRATT. I understand that it is the ob
ject of my friend, the Senator from California, j
'[Mr. Welt.er,] to refer the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands, after having amended it so far
as he thinks necessary. Am I right in making
that statement?
Mr. WELLER. No, sir. I do not propose
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands. That committee reported the bill, and
these are two additional sections.
Mr PRATT. Then I was misinformed.
Mr! WliLLER. The testimony I expect to
obtain by sending such a commissioner to Mex-
ico, is designed to save expense to the Govern-
ment, as well as to promote the inteiests ox the
Government in other respects.
It is well known thai many grants were made
in California and New Nexico by the supreme ,
Government of Mexico; and the evidence of such j
grants you must obtain in Mexico—you may ,
search in vain for it in California. I propose, ,
therefore, to send an agent there for the purpose
of ascertaining the precise character of these j
erants, for I know that some have been made by |
the supreme Government of Mexico, of which we :
have no evidence at all in California. I amafiaia, ;
also, that the time will come when evidence will !
be manufactured in Mexico, for the purpose of |
bolstering up titles in California which have no ;
real foundation. The sooner, therefore you send
an ao-ent to Mexico, the sooner you will ascertain Ij
the farts in regard to the evidence that may be ,
there, and the Getter you will secure the interests (
of our own Government. If you obtain nothing >
by sending out this agent, except the fact that ,
there is nothing there at all, you will save an lm- ,
mense amount'to the Government for 1 ami much ,
afraid that titles will be manufactured ill tha ,
country. The object of the amendment, therefore, .
b to send persons to Mexico to procure copies of ,
all decrees and ordinances that may haie been
passed by the Mexican Government, in relation ;
to these lands, and to obtain copies ot all memo- ,,
rials presented to that Government, toucmng these
"rants. It is to supply that testimony which we
Sinnot obtam elsewhere, and that m the decision
of these cases, these commissioners may have be- ,,
fore them all the evidence which it is possible to j,
P1AfrlGWIN This proposition has been ma- ij
turelv considered. It has been submitted to the ,
Attorney General of the United States, and ap- i
proved by one of the judges of the ^P^Cour., y
the Secretary of the Interior, and also by the Com
mittee on Fmance. I have no doubt of the abso- (1
lute necessity of this evidence, m order to secure ,j
justice ill the decision of claims to land in Cahfor- ,
nia 1 have authority for saying that the SnPfe™® '
Court has postponed decisions m important land ,i
cases in other States for years, for the want ot
such information as will be collected, if this sec- .|
tion ofthe bill passes. And 1 have reason to iknow, ;,
that unless the laws, ordinances,&c., authouzed
to be collected by this section, are furnished to the
Supreme Court, the appeals on land claims from ,
California will remain on the docket for years.
The Supreme Court cannot decide upon a title,
until all the evidences of title, and the laws under
which they originated, are collected in the form
proposed in this bill. In similar cases in other
States, the court has refused to take them up for
years, for want of such evidences of titles as it is
now proposed to obtain.  
Mr. DAVIS. If I understand the proposition
precisely, it is the same which has once been be-
fore the Senate. I then listened to the discussion
which took place, and I was very well satisfied
that some measure of this description ought to be
taken, for the obvious reason that the initiation of
land titles is, to some extent, among the records
of the Republic of Mexico, as I understand.
There is no means of tracing up such titles to then-
origin except through these records. That is ap-
plicable, as I understand, to a certain extent, to
titles in California. Is that so ?
Mr. WELLER. It is so.
Mr. DAVIS. It is indispensable, if the courts
are to be called upon to decide these questions of
title, that the evidence should be produced; and I
think it is more convenient to obtain that evidence
now, and, as the Senator from California [Mr.
Wellkr] suggests, more safe that the titles should
be investigated early, and that these documents,
or copies of them, should be obtained and should
be in the possession of the proper authorities in
this country, to be disposed ot as the public exi-
gency may require. It seems to me eminently
judicious and wise that this proposition should be ,
carried oiS; and 1 apprehend, too, that theie is
some foundation for the suggestion thrown outby
the Senator from California, and that if these mat-
ters are left to be managed according to the wits
of men, it is not improbable that false papers may
be manufactured in the Republic of Mexico, and
become a source of serious difficulties heieatter.
I think it. is safer, and indeed that it is indispensa-
ble, that we should have this evidence in the early
stages of the settlement of those countries.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Was this bill reported by the
Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. GWIN. Yea, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I should be very glad to hear
some explanation of it.
A Senator. The bill was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, .
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norms ;
in the chair.) The- Chair understands that the \
bill was first referred to the Committee on Private j
Land Claims; that committee was discharged trom ,
its further consideration, and it was then referred j
to the Committee on Public Lands. _ |
Mr. WELLER. The whole bill came trom the j
Committee on Public Lands, with the exception
of two sections which I have had added to it.
Mr. FELCII. Mr. President, the bill, as ori-
ginally presented to the Senate, and referred to the j
Committee on Public Lands, consisted of but a i
single section. The object of that section was to
secure payment for certain surveys in reference to
private land claims in California. The committee
added a clause in reference to that section, to act
as a limitation upon it as originally introduced.
The bill, as it now stands, as reported by the
Committee on Public Lauds, limits the payment ,
out of the public Treasury, or out of ^ what is j
known as the surveying fund, to a single instance,
and that is, to the survey of the exterior limits of |
the private land claims when the private claims lie |
within the region where the public survey is going ;
on There are no actual marks or monuments oi j
survey to those original claims under the Spanish ,
and Mexican grants to be found. The conse-
aiiu. iviexictm giomo ^  
quence is, that in making the surveys, running
\  1. • ^v,,! ihpr. where trie
quence as, mat <>
the township lines, and other lines, where the ,
land is subdivided in that country, the surveyor ;
has no means of ascertaining when he arrives at j
o poition of country embraced within a private ;
claim; and he can have no knowledge of that sub- ,
j ect until the exterior lines be in some manner as- ;
certained. :
There was an application here to cause surveys ,
to be made of all the private claims whenever they
were presented to the board of commissioners ,
But the committee thought that, ui one class ot .
cases to which I have already referred, it was ne- ,
cessarythat there should be some surveys, and :
that there need be none m other classes, Ihey ■
have, therefore, confined the surveys to cases i
where the private land claim is within the imme-
diate vicinity of the suryeys which are now pro-
gressing under the direction of the surveyor gen-
eral ; so that when, in surveying a large tract,of
country into townships, a private claim is found
to lie in the vicinity, an application is made to the
board, before whom the claim is presented, and
the exterior line is surveyed—the line is ascer-
tained by the surveyors. They then close in upon
that line in making the exterior survey. It is
true, that when the claim is finally adjusted, it
may be that these lines of exterior survey may
not be found to be the true lines of the grant; but
it will be perceived at once that the necessity of
something of this kind is manifest from this fact,
that otherwise the surveys of the public lands
would be continued across the private land claims.
It will cost more money to continue the surveys
across the private land claims, than to arrest them
and survey the exterior boundary, and then close
the lines upon the exterior survey. _ And that is •
the whole object and design of the bill.
It is not surprising that difficulties should be
found both to private claimants and the public
surveyors, in carrying on the surveys under these
circumstances; but, by limiting it in this manner,
it is believed that there will -be much less expense
than there would be if any other course were pur-'
Sl'xhe bill provides, as I before remarked, for
payment from the surveying fund, that is, from
the public Treasury, only in those cases which 1
have mentioned. The large class of private claims
which are scattered over the country, from one
end to the other, not in the immediate vicinity of
the surveys now progressing, of course will not
come under the provisions of this bill, as surveys
will not there be made.
There is another provision made by the com-
mittee in reference to appeals to be taken from the
decision of the board of commissioners on pri-
vate land claims. It proposes to extend the time
of taking appeals. The object of the provision
in that respect is to secure greater facilities for
appeals to be taken in those cases and to enaWe
the parties to come up directly. It requires the
action of the board, in preparing the papers ne-
cessary to take the appeal before the court where
it may finally come to a decision, before the Su-
preme Court. The magnitude of these claims is
evidently such that a large portion of them must
inevitably be decided by'the judicial tribunals of
the country. My own opinion is, that the greater
the facilities afforded for a decision before the
court of last resort, the better it will be both for
the public interests and for the claimants. I do
not believe that they can be settled in any other
manner. • .
There is also a provision introduced which re-
peals the operation of the former law requiring a
derailment of title to be produced in all instances
before the board. It was found to be a matter of
very little consequence to securing the rights of
parties and the public, and at the same time it
was found to be attended with very great incon-
venience, and, in many instances, enormous-ex-
pense to the claimant. These are the main fea-
tures of the bill as it is presented.
! Mr. WELLER. There   another important
I amendment reported by the Committee on Public
j Lands, and which is, in my judgment, very neces-
i sary to the execution of the law of March o, i o.> I.
i It is in regard to the taking of testimony. The
act of 1851 provides that testimony may be taken
i before the board, or before any member thereof.
, Now, the act of 1851 gives to the board of com-
' missioaers all the vitality they have; and when
that act attempts to point out a particular manner
in which testimony may be taken it cannot be taken
in any other way. One of the amendments pro-
posed by the Committee on Public Lands is, that
depositions may be taken, upon interrogatories and
cross-interrogatories, before any person author-
ized by the laws of the State of California to ad-
minister oaths.
There is a difference of opinion upon this subject.
There are some persons who believe, that under
the law of 1851, testimony could have been taken
in this way. But the general opinion of the pro-
fession has been, and the opinion of the board is,
that testimony could only be taken before the
board, or some member thereof. Now, as a con-
sequence resulting from that practice, it sometimes
requires>*eight or ten days to take the deposition of
