1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7T
Mr. JOJJES, of Tennessee, remarked that it was
not customary to print a bill until it was reported
back from the committee. The committee/might
think proper to report an entirely different bill.
Mr. PHELPS withdrew the motion to print.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
the president's message.
Mr. HOUSTON said that he felt himself called
upon to move that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with the view to take up and refer the President's
annual message. He submitted that motion.
The question was put and agreed to; and
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Jones of
Tennessee in the chair,) and took up for consid-
eration the President's message.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted a series of resolu-
tions; which were read, as follows:
1. Resolved, That so much of the annual message of the
President of the United States to the two Houses of Con-
gress at the present session, as relates to our foreign affairs,
together with the accompanying coriei?pondence in relation
t'lercto—thepioposed inciease of compensation to theCom-
missioner to China—ni<u king the boundary line between
Oregon and the Ihitish possessions; bo much as relates to
the reception of Governor Kossuth and Ins companions—
the amendment of tlie law for the protection or punishment
of Consuls—be reioired to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs.
2. That so much of said message as relates to the exist-
ing tariff, and lecommends a levision and change thereof;
so much as i elates to the general condition of the finances—
to the revenue and the prevention of fiauds in its collec-
tion—the Treasury—the public debt and its pajment—the
estimated receipts and expenditures for the next fiscal year,
together with the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
and estimates accompanying the same, be refened to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
3. That so much of said message and accompanying doc-
uments as relates to the condition and operations of the
Army ot the United States; so much as recommends an
increase of the same, together with the report of the Sec-
retary of War, and the accompanying documents; be le-
fened to the Committee on Military Affairs.
4. That &o much of said message and accompanying doc-
uments as relates to the Navy of the United States—its
condition and operations; so much as recommends the es-
tablishment of a navy-yard on the Pacific, together with
the report of the Secretary of the Navy, be referred to the
Committee oil Naval Affaits.
5. That so much of said message as relates to the ap-
pointment of a commission to revise me public statutes
of the United States—as recommends a change in the law
relattve to fees to certain officeis; so much as recommends
the appointment of a commission to settle all private claims
against the United States; so much as recommends the en-
actment of a law making it penal to foige, &u., bounty
land warrants, be referred to the Committee on the. Judi-
ciary.
6. That so much of said message and accompanying doc-
uments as relates to oui mteicouise ^ith the Indian tabes,
be refeired to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
7. That so much ot said message and accompanying doc-
uments as relates to the Post Office Dcpaitment, the trans-
portation of the mail, the revision of the law i emulating
postages on printed mattei, together with the repoit of the
Postmaster Geneial, be referred to the Committee on the
Post Otfiee and Po^t Roads,
8. That so much of said message as relates to commerce,
the improvement of haibois, lecipiocal ttade between the
United State= and Canada, and other British possessions
near our frontier, be leferrcd to the Committee on Com-
mcice.
9. That so much of said message and accompanying doc-
uments as relates to the public lands; so much ps recom-
mends an mciease of compensation to commissioners to
settle puvate land claims in California, and the establish-
ment of land offices, be referred to the Committee on Pub-
he Lands.
10. That so much of said message as relates to the im-
provement of the navigation of rivers, be referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
11. That so much of said message as relates to the estab-
lishment of an Agricultural Bureau be refeired to the Com-
mittee on Agricultuie.
12. That so much of said message as xelates to the Dis-
trict of Columbia, be refeired to the Cojnmittee for the
District of Columbia.
13. That so much of said message and accompanying
documents as relates to a revision and amendment of the
laws relating to pensions, be referred to the Committee on
invalid Pensions. /
14 That so much of said message as relates to the public
buildings be leferred to the Committee on Public Buildmgs
arid Giouiuls. fc#
Mr. HALL said: Mr. Chairman, it is noHny
intention to discuss the President s message. By
the indulgence of the committee, I design to say a
few words with reference to a bill I introduced
into the House on yesterday. That bill proposes
to grant to the State of Missouri the right of
way and a portion of the public domain to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Hannibal to
St. Joseph. Some gentlemen seem startled at the
project. I assure them it is nothing new nor un-
heard-of in the history of ouv country. It is only
about fifteen months since Congress made an ex-
tensive grant of land to the State of Illinois, to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Chicago to
Mobile bay. I am not aware that that grant has
ruined or seriously injured either this Government,
or any State, or any individual. On the contrary,
I believe it has been of general benefit. At all
events, the road it was intended to promote will
be one of vast importance, and is destined to exert
a most happy influence on the country at large.
It is not, however, to be concealed that the Chica-
go and Mobile road must run nearly parallel with
the greatest river on our continent, and must enter
into competition with most of the great thorough-
fares of the West. All the rivers of our great
valley tend from the North to the South. The
Ohio and its tributaries on the one hand, and the
Missouri, the Arkansas, and the Red river and
their tributaries on the other, in conjunction with
the Mississippi, open'up the entire West to New
Orleans and the Gulf of Mexico. But between
the Atlantic seaboard and tiie New States there is
no direct natural channel of intercommunication.
Commerce can be earned on successfully between
the old States and the Mississippi valley only by
doubling Cape Sable or through means of artifi-
cial avenues extending from the Atlantic coast far
into the interior. Hence if the last Congress was
justifiable in aiding the construction of a railroad
from the northern lakes to the Gulf of Mexico,
we shall be more than justified in aiding the con-
struction of a highway from the extreme confines
of Missouri to the States this side of the Allegha-
nies—a highway which will open a direct, speedy,
safe, and economical communication between parts
of the Union that now hold intercourse only by
the most circuitous, tardy, huzaidous, and expen-
sive routes. The Hannibal and St. Joseph rail-
road will form an important part of such a line of
intercommunication.
The town of Hannibal is situated on the west
bank of the Mississippi river, in latitude 39° 45'
north. The town of Saint Joseph is one hundred
and eighty miles due west of Hannibal, on the
east bank of the Missouri river. The city of
Philadelphia, and the seats of government of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, are nearly on the same par-
allel of latitude with the town of Hannibal. So
thatarailroad running due west from Philadelphia
would pass through the centre of the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, cross the Mississippi
at Hannibal, and stnke the Missouri at Saint Jo-
seph. Within eighteen months a railroad will be
completed from Philadelphia to Pittsburg. Within
the same time a railroad will be finished from
Pittsburg to Columbus, Ohio. A railroad is nearly
finished between Terre Haute, near the western
line of Indiana, to Indianapolis, in that State. The
Illinois cross-cut railroad is already finished from
' Springfield to the Illinois liver, and m less than
i two years will be finished to the town of (Xuiney,
i which is only twelve miles fiom Hannibal; so that
| m the course of afew years we may reasonably ex-
I pect to see a lailroad communication complete
I between Philadelphia and the Mississippi river,
i The construction of the Hannibal and Saint Jo-
: scph railroad will complete the connection as far
I west as the Missouri. The same chain of rail-
roads, too, which will connect the western por-
1 tions of the State of Missouri with Philadelphia,
will unite with that great railway line already
extending from New York city to Cincinnati, and
also with the Baltimore a/id Ohio railroad, and
with the road fiom Louisville, by way of Nash-
ville, to Savannah, Georgia, and to Charleston,
South Carolina. Thus, m afew years, may we
hope to see the banks of the Missouri river, and
the fertile country bordering thereon, brought with-
in three days' travel of the metropolis of the
Union, and of the great cities of Charleston, Bal-
timore, Philadelphia, iNew York, and Boston.
Nor is this all. The railroad from Chicago to the
mouth of the Ohio river is to be completed within
a few years. The Hannibal and Saint Joseph
railroad will connect with the Chicago and Cairo
road, by means of the Springfield,Illinois, railroad, j
In this way will be opened to the South and to the j
i northern lakes, as well asto the Atlantic seaboard,
all the fertile country included within northern
Missouri, and all that immense country to the
west of our State, which is destined in afew years
to be the home of multitudes of white men. Let
any one, sir, turn to the map of the United States,
and endeavor to trace out the line of railroads
which will most promote the welfare of the whol(
country, and he .will inevitably fall upon thai
very line of which the Hannibal and Saint Joseph'
railroad makes a part. That road is on the par-,
allel of latitude which passes midway between the
northern boundary of the United Stales and the -
mouth of the Mississippi river. It is on the lirre
which passes through the heart of Missouri, Illi-
nois, Indiana, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. It ia
on the line which passes between the north-
ern lakes and the Ohio river, at nearly an egual-
distance from each. It is on the hnewhich divides
the population of the United States into two equal
parts. It is on the line which connects at the same .
time with the great New York, Pennsylvania,
Maryland, Virginia, and southern railroads, and
by means of which, therefore, more distant and
more numerous points of the Union can be brought
into easy communication than any other which
can be conceived.
The opening of good roads between the eastern
and western portions of the Union has been a
favorite object with our greatest statesmen almost
from the foundation of our Government. The
Cumberland turnpike was projected by one of the
" early Presidents," and has been carried forward
at the expense of millions of dollars. In conse-
quence of modern improvements, that work has
become nearly useless. But the time has beea
when the Cumberland road, by its promise of
opening a way from the old to the new States, was
a much-cherished object with a large portion of
the American people. It is now proposed to effect
the same purpose by the greatest of modern im-
provements without the cost of a dollar to the
Government—without the cxercise of any danger-
ous or doubtful power, by the mere appropriation
of a small portion of the public domain in a man-
ner that will cover it with an industrious and
active population, and convert it from a wilderness
to cultivated farms and flourishing villages. There
is no portion of this vast country which contains
so large an area of fertile land, in proportion to
its extent of surface, as northern Missouri. Yet
that fertile and beautiful region is, to a great de-
gree, a waste, because it possesses no channel for
the transportation of its products. Its citizens
are almost entirely dependent upon the Missouri
river for getting to ana returning from the markets
of the country. That river is closed to steamboats
for four months every year, and during the re-
mainder of the time it is so difficult of navigation
that those who ship by it are subject to much
higher charges for transportation and insurance
than the citizens of the neighboring States. The
consequence is, that the farmers who live in the
interior of northern Missouri, are almost as effect-
ually shut out from all commerce with other sec-
tions of the country as though they laid at the
North pole. The ilannibal and St. Joseph rail-
road is to penetrate the very centre of that entire
section, and will bring it as near market as some
portions of the Atlantic States. Our farmers,
stimulated by fair prices for their produce, will
open large farms, and our products will be multi-
plied many fold. To the southern aud eastern
States we will sell stock, provisions, and our
other staples. From them we will receive in return
sugar, cotton, salt, rice, and fabrics. As our
means increase our consumption will increase also.
We will consume not only articles of domestic
but of foreign manufacture, and thus, while we
shall add to the home trade, we shall also increase
the foreign commeice of the country, and swell
the resources of the Government.
If a proposition were submitted to connect New
York or Boston with the extreme settlements of
Missouri, all would admit the importance of the
enterprise. Some would be willing, no doubt, to
construct the road at the expense of the nation.
No such charge upon the Treasury is, however,
required in order to consummate a railroad commu-
nication between the Missouri and the Atlantic
seaboard. A railroad is nearly finished from New
York city to Cincinnati. Indiana is extending
this road to her western boundary. Illinois is
extending it through her territory to the Missis-
sippi river; and all that is necessary to complete
the entire chain of railroad from Boston to Saint
Joseph—indeed from Portland, Maine, to Saint
Joseph—is to construct a railroad through the
northern part of Missouri.
The people of Missouri have, by an act of their
Legislature, appropriated $1,500,000 to the Han-
nibal and Saint Joseph railroad. Counties and
