1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
for a small part of the public land within its limits,
in discharge of high and important services, ren-
dered by it in the construction of railroads through
the Government domain, we hear the cry, Injustice
to the old States. Place the new States on the
same footing with the old States, and you would
give them all the waste lands within their limits.
This we do not ask. We are not so rapacious as
the Atlantic States were when they occupied our
position. All that we ask is a small appropria-
tion, which, while it increases the receipts of the
Treasury, "will afford some remuneration for our
services to the nation at large.
No other expenditure of public money has re-
sulted in so much and so general good as that
which has had for its object the settlement of the
West. Separate the new States from the old ones;
strike off the Valley of the Mississippi, even m
imagination, from the Atlantic seaboard, and you
will possibly form some small conception of the
benefits which the settlement and improvement of
the public lands have had upon our national
wealth, greatness, and prosperity. The fortifi-
cation of your coast, your Navy, your Army, are
all useful; but no statesman will pretend that any
one or all of these combined has contributed one
tenth as much to our reputation abroad, or our
security at home, as the settlement of the great
West. Now, while the settlement of the West
has been of greater advantage to the whole coun-
try than almost anything else which has trans-
pired in our history, it has repaid by millions all
the expenses it has occasioned to the Government.
Your publicdomain has cost you $74,757,879 58.
Up to this time it has yielded you $135,337,093 17—
just $60,38] ,213 79 more than it cost you. If the
Navy, besides protecting our commerce, had yield-
ed to the Treasury double the money it has cost,
how irresistible would be an application for an
appropriation to that branch of the service! But
the settlement of the public domain has operated
in that manner. It has increased the general
welfare, it has augmented the resources and mul-
tiplied the power of the country, and it has at the
same time repaid to the Government two dollars
for every one it has cost.
Will not gentlemen be instructed by the history
of the past > Experience has taught us that every
foot of land brought under cultivation in a new
State adds to the wealth and prosperity of all.
"The current of emigration, from one part of the
' Union to the other—from the old to the new
' States—rolls back a golden tide of trade and busi-
' ness. The old States now supply nearly all the
' wants of the farmers of the Valley of the West,
' and hence its prosperity wonderfully promotes
' the welfare of the older States of the Union. The
' poor emigrant from the old States, who estab-
' Jishes a farm in the West, soon contributes more
'to the wealth and commerce of the State he left
' than if he had remained there in dependent pov-
' erty. The prosperity of the new States reacts,
' through the channel of trade and business, m
' favor'of the old States, and hence the wonderful
' growth of the whole country." This is a fair
statement of the fact. Evei y'man of observation
knows it to be true, and still you hesitate to be j
liberal to the new States—no, sir, not liberal, but j
JUMr. Chairman, Congress should either graduate
the price of the public lands, or aid in enhancing
t,he value of those which have been for a long time
in market. All the public lands near our navi-
gable rivers are readily sold and settled. So it is
with the best lands m the interior. But the public
lands of the poorer class remain unoccupied for y ears
after they have been subject to private entry, di-
viding neighborhoods, keeping settlements sparse,
and rendering it impossible, very frequently, for
our people to enjoy even the blessings of common
schools. In orcler to remedy this evil, the new
States have been applying to Congress fo more
than a quarter of a century to graduate the price
of the public domain. This has been steadily re-
fused Now, in order to settle our waste lands,
we ask you to aid in increasing its value, by grants
to railroads, which will enable Government to sen
the public domain at its present minimum in all
cases, and at double the minimum in many m-
st&n ces
I hope gentlemen will not oppose this policy
because the new States are to be its immediate
beneficiaries. What would be thought if the West
should vote against a proposition to fortity an im-
portant seaport because the money necessary to
that purpose would he expended on the coast?
Why, everybody would say, such a motive is
unworthy an American citizen. Will you, then,
apply a rale to the new States, which, if sought
to be applied to the old States, would be repudiated
as disgraceful in its conception and purposes?
Rather inquire whether the propositions relative
to grants of land to the West, are for the benefit
ol' the nation and within your constitutional pow-
er. And being satisfied m the affirmative on both
propositions, do not withhold your support be-
cause the donation is to a new State.
Mr. SWEETSER. I feel justified in detaining
the committee for a few moments by the great
importance of the subject to which the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Hall] has called the atten- '
tion of theUouse. I desire to see, at the com-
mencement of this session, a distinction taken,
which 1 conceive to be important, to control our
action in relation to the disposition of the publie
domain. This House was scarcely organized be-
fore there was anxiety manifested to obtain the
floor in order to introduce bills for the purpose of
obtaining the public lauds in aid of private incor-
porations. That anxiety was not confined to any
particular section of the Union. It was not con-
fined to the great West. It is, therefore, import-
ant, if this system of granting the public lands is
to be carried out by this Congress, that we should
here, at the outset, get a fair start in relation to the
principles on which these lands are to be granted.
There can be no controversy in relation to the
manner, in which the Government holds these
lands and for what purposes. They are the com-
mon property of all, and are held by the Govern-
ment in trust for the benefit of all the States of
this Union, and the people thereof; and whenever
Congress undertakes to dispose of these lands, they
should adopt a policy in so doing of fairness, not
only to the Western States, but to all the States
of this Confederacy. Care should also be taken
to grant these lands to the States, and not to indi-
viduals or private corporations. We have pre-
sented before us a great number of these bills.
During the last Congress, and already during the
present Congress, they have hovered, like birds of
ill omen, over this Hall, and it is highly important
that we should look at once into the matter, and
see whether these bills are sought by States, for
the purpose of aiding m internal improvements, or
whether it is the corporations of the country, now
swarming in every State, that are here importu-
ning this Congress to grant them portions of the
public lands for their benefit, and not for the ben-
efit of the States. It will be observed that the main
object of these bills is professedly to obtain " a
right of way " for the purpose of constructing
these works of internal improvement through the
public domain, and in addition to that, they ask
tor alternate sections of land. Now, I suppose
that no lawyer in this House will rise and main-
tain heie that the States of this Union have not
the right of way through the public lands within
their limits for the construction of State works of
internal improvement, without asking it from Con-
gress. The right of emiiient domain belongs to
the States, and I am here to-day for the purpose
of maintaining that right in its full extent.
Mr. HALL. Do I understand the gentleman
from Ohio to insist that a State in which the pub-
lic domain is situated has a. right to take that
public domain for public purposes by paying com-
pensation for it, just as in the case of individual
property?
Mr. SWEETSER. The gentleman shall be an-
swered. I maintain this, that whenever any States
of this Union have projected a public work—either
a railroad or a canal—that they desire shall pass
through the public lands held by Congress in trust
for all the States, they have the right of way with-
out any act of Congress to give it to them. The
right of eminent domain belongs to the States, and
i wnen gentlemen come here asking for an act ot
! Congress to give them the right of way, " J®
1 dent that they have some ulterior object. When-
i ever any State of this Union comes here to ask a
i grant of public lands to aid in the construction of
I works which she has projected, and which she
owns, she shall cheerfully have my vote to what-
ever extent she may desire. Ohio does not ask
her representatives upon this floor to be guilty of
anv act that could be construed into meanness. I
have to tell the gentleman from Missouri that all
the grants which have been made to Ohio have
been made to the State for the benefit of the State,-
and the works constructed are now"the property
of the State, with the solitary exception of the Co- ! .
lumbus and Sandusky Turnpike Company.
Now, I will tell the committee why I make this
distinction between grants to the States and grants
to corporations. I doubt not only the propriety,
but the constitutional power of this House to grant
the public domain to the private corporations of
the country, or to States for the purpose of aiding
the private incorporation®. Such a connectio'n' of
public property or money is unsafe in such keep-
ing, as all experience has demonstrated.
There is no State in this Union vvhich-has bad
a greater interest m public improvements than the
State of Ohio. Karly in 1824 she took the lead
amongst the Western States m l elation to internal
improvements. Her two canals connecting the
waters of Lake Erie with the Ohio river at Ports-
mouth and Cincinnati, are among her earliest
efforts. The system was one of State policy and
concern. I am glad to acknowledge that the mu-
nificent donations of public lands by Congress
were important and necessary, and she has applied
those grants faithfully and honestly, and her cit-
izens here and elsewhere mostcheerfully acknowl-
edge their obligations. But, sir, Ohio has not per?
verted the object of the grants, and suffered her
citizens to look upon her works of internal im-
provements now in the hands of incorporations or
speculators.
I call upon the people's representatives hei'e,
at the very beginning of the session, to see who
are the parties who are impoituning Congress for
grants of the public domain. Indiana has received
large grants of the public domain. I appeal to
the gentleman from Indiana, to say whether all
her grants have not been made to the State, in
aid of works which she has projected, and which
she ought now to control and own.
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 should like to know whether
in any instance Congress has granted lands
otherwise than to the States ?
Mr. SWEETSER. The gentleman's special
pleading will notavail him. Gentlemen will recol-
lect, that though grants are sometimes made to the
States, they are made for the purpose of benefiting
corporations.
In the case of grants to Ohio, the specific ob-
jects to which the lands were to be applied, were
embraced in the grants, and to those objects alone
have the lands been applied.
It is true, that m all the various projects to which
1 am objecting, it is answered that the grants are
to the States. What are the facts? In many
cases the States that seek these grants are not en-
gaged in any system of internal improvements.
And in many cases these grants are asked in aid
of roads that have never been surveyed or located.
Acts of incorporation in the Western States have
been granted for the last few years, without limit.
The incorporators, in many instances, do not ex-
pect to organize and make a road, unless they can
obtain grants of public land. The name of the
State is "used as a scape-goat in order to obtain grants
of land. And my honorable friend well knows the
fate of all public property in the hands of private
incorporations. I will cite an example in my own
State. Ohio, in 1837-'38, changed her policy,
and called in the aid of private incorporations to
carry out the extended policy of internal improve-
ments in railroads, canals, and turn-pike roads.
Upon the organization of companies, under vari-
ous acts of incorporation, and the subscribing of a
certain amount of stock, the State subscribed,
and became a joint stockholder. What, was the
result? Out of about fivemillions of publicmoney
thus invested, one half is entirely lost, and the
balance is unproductive. I speak her convictions,
when she repealed the odious Plunder "Law. And
in the light of her experience I warn other States
of this Union, that public money orpublic lands are
unsafe in the care and custody of private incor-
porations. '
• Mr. DUNHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for one moment?
Mr. SWEETSER. I have but one remark to
make further, and I will yield to the gentleman. I
was about to speak of the Wabash Canal m t e
State of Indiana. Gentlemen are aware that pub-
lic lands have been donated for the construction of
that canal; and I do not hesitate to sayt',a*'a®
far as the people of that State are concerned, they
