1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lS5t
over the country; and hence, I am in favor of in-
creasing the number of officers to some limited
extent, before whom the testimony may he safely
taken: but I am entiiely opposed to any construc-
tion of the original law that will release the Pres-
ident from the obligation of ordering the commis-
sioners to hold their sessions in various sections
of the State,
As my colleague has stated, a number of mem-
bers of the bar of San Francisco have petitioned
for an iricrea.se of the number of officers before
whom testimony may be taken. No doubtthese
gentlemen would like very much to have the board
sit all the time in San Francisco, because they
would then get control of the business before the
commission; but when the commissioners go from
one section of the State to ano'her, the difficulty
which the board has labored under, while sitting
at San Francisco, will be, in a great degree, re-
moved. At the same time, I am in favor of ex-
tending the power of taking testimony to other
officers, as my colleague has proposed, with secure
guards to provide against loosely taking evidence
that may beproduced to confirm fraudulentclaims.
I shall not oppose his proposition, but 1 have
thought it proper to state why there was a limita-
tion m the original law. That limitation was in-
serted with the understanding that the board of
commissioners would go from point to point
throughoutthe State, and would not renderitnecea-
sary to bring: witnesses from great distances, and
for the additional reason that there should be the
most rigid examination, when oral testimony or
unofficial papers were necessary to sustain a claim
for land. Too many guards cannot be thrown
round the taking of testimony of this kind. Land
claim* that rest in whole or in part upon oral or
unofficial written testimony, should be passed upon
with the greatest caution.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President', it was my mis-
fortune, perhaps, in the course of the remarks
which I made, to be not understood bv my honor-
able friend from California, [Mr. Weller.] I
will, however, endeavor to make myself under-
stood by the Senate. The original law attempted
to protect the United States by two means—first,
that all the examinations of testimony should
be taken before commissioners appointed by the
United States; and secondly, that the examination
of witnesses should be conducted by the law officers
of the Government.
Now, the proposition upon our table to which
I object, annuls both of these muniments of pro-
tection which were thrown around the United
States by theorigmal act; for in place of the board
of commissioners taking testimony, it is to be
taken before any magistrate, or any person au-
thorized by the laws of California to administer
an oath. In the next place, the examination of
witnesses is to be conducted, under the proposed
amendment, by any clerk of the board, instead of
a law officer of the Government. I submit to the
good sense of the Senate whether there is not force
in the objection that the United States are not pro-
tected by this mode of examination as they were
protected hy the original law ? Will any one tell
me that an examination taken before a magistrate,
a one-sided examination, to which the United
States are not parties at all, and where they are
not represented by anybody, or if represented,
where they are represented by a clerk not a law-
yer—a person not capable of making an examina-
tion is as reliable as one under the original law ? I
do not say that the witnesses will be more apt to
commit perjury by being examined before a State
tribunal, than before a Federal tribunal; but by
ha vine: a cross-examination made in person by the
law officer of the Government, you may eet in-
formation which may be important to the United
States; you may be able to get, in legal form, in
this way, the precise facts of the case. That is
prevented if you pass the amendment to which I
iiave made objection. If that amendment be
adopted, any private claimant in California can
go before a magistrate in any remote part of the
State, eight hundred or one thousand miles away
from where the board sits, collect his witnesses,
and have an ex parte examination there; and that is
to be returned as the evidence of title upon the part
of the individual as against the United States.
Would not the United States be better protected
if that examination were conducted before a com-
missioner and bv the law officers appointed by
the United States"? Now, if my honorable friend
£
cannot see the force of the objection, I think it is
not my fault, hut his.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I do not think
that i misunderstood the honorable Senator from
Maryland. The amendment simply authorizes
the board of commissioners to direct one of the
clerks of the hoard, whenever the law agent or
the assistant law agent cannot attend to the taking
of depositions, to attend and take them. 1 be-
lieve there are five clerks of this board, and they
are all gentlemen of the legal profession; they are
all lawyers; they are all, t apprehend, competent
to elicit the truth upon the examination of a wit-
ness. And, in order to guard against this loose
manner of takingtestimony, to which the Senator
alluded, there is a provision that the interroga-
tories and cross-interrogatories shall be filed be-
fore the board of commissioners within a certain
time.
Now, suppose that, upon the filing of these in-
terrogatories and cross-mferrogatones, the fact is
discovered that the testimony of the witness is
not very material; that it relates to the mere ques-
tion whether the party occupied the premises at a
particular date. In that case the board of com-
missioners would say at once, " It is unnecessary
to send our law agent there; it is unnecessary to
send either of these clerks there." But if, upon
the filing of those interrogatories, it appears that
the testimony about to be taken was material, and
fnight affect seriously the interest of the Govern-
ment, the board of commissioners, representing
the Government, would take care that the law
agent, or some competent person, should be dis-
patched to take that testimony.
J ask the gentleman what fraud can be practiced
here? The board of commissioners are there for
the purpose of watching the interests of this Gov-
ernment. There is the law agent; there is the as-
sistant law agent. Whenever these interrogato-
ries show upon their face—and they have to be
filed forty days before the deposition is taken—
that the testimony about to be introduced is ma-
terial, is it not reasonable to suppose, that these
commissioners, looking to the interests of the Gov-
ernment, will be careful to send an agent fully
qualified to take the testimony'1 This is the ob-
jection which thegentleman urges; and 1 hold that
there is no force in his argument, unless it be ad-
mitted that there is something peculia- about the
imposition of an oath by a Federal judge, which
does not apply gaga State judge. Jf the testimony
of a witness is to be taken in the county of Los
Angeles, or in the county of San Diego, the ma-
teriality of the testimony will be shown to the
board of commissioners by the filing of the inter-
rogatories; and it is the duty of the agent of the
Government to superintend the taking of the tes-
timony, if he holds that the interests of the Gov-
ernment are about to be involved. What is the
objection tr> that?
The section provides, that the board of com-
missioners " may authorize and direct" the clerks
of the board to superintend the taking of the testi-
mony—they " may "do it. 1 suppose they would
exercise the discretion which is vested m them
by this fifth section, whenever the interrogatories-
showed that the testimony was immaterial. Often-
times testimony is introduced as a mere matter of
form. A large mass of testimony will sometimes
be introduced before the commissioners, which is
not material in deciding upon the justice or the
injustice of the claim. In all such cases, where
the testimony is a mere matter of form, or where
the fact to be elicited is immaterial, as a matter of
course, an examination could as well be conducted
j by one of the clerks as by the law agent. If you
have five clerks, and they professional men, and
tsvo Jaw agents, and they learned in the law, and
skilled in the Spanish language, as this act re-
quires, I hold that the interests of this Government
will be sufficiently guarded, and that there will be
no danger of fraud being perpetrated by private
claimants.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, by what partic-
ular practice known to California, my friend from
California infers that these commissioners could
ascertain the importance of testimony, before that
testimony was taken, I leave it to the Senate to
judge. The answer of the Senator to my argu-
ment is, that these commissioners will know, by
the interrogatories filed, whether the testimony
thus taken is or is not of importance; and, if they
j find by the interrogatories that the testimony is to
be important, they will send the law agent to make
the examination. Now, how on earth they are
to ascertain, from the filing: of the interrogatories,
whether the testimony is or is not-to be import-
ant, I frankly admit that 1 cannot conceive. Here
would be the interrogatories: " Doyou knowsuch
a tract of land?" " Have you any knowledge in
reference to the title to that land ?" These are in-
terrogatories which will probably be put in every
case. How could the commissioners understand',
by the filing of such interrogatories, that "the tes-
timony would or would not be of importance?
There is another objection to the amendment,
to which 1 desire the attention of the colleague
[Mr. Gwin-] of my worthy friend from California*
Under the present law, these commissioners are
obliged to go into the different sections of the State
for the purpose of adjudicating these land titles.
Now, I submit that, practically, this amendment
will repeal that obligation. The commissioners
sit now in San Francisco'. If, then, they are to
take testimony by interrogatories in different por-
tions of the State, there will' be no necessity for
them to go into different portions of the Stale. If
this provision is made, of course they will not go
to the great inconvenience of traveling eight hun-
dred or a thousand miles; because, if the amend-
ment be adopted, there will be no necessity for it;
but they will sit permanently in San Francisco,
and have migratory clerks, magistrates, and so
on, who are to settle and bind the United States
as regards the title to this valuable territory in
California. I do think that this proposition ought
not to prevail.
Mr. DAWSON. I would suggest to the Sena-
tors from California whether it would not be bet-
ter to postpone the further consideration of this
subject, and allow time for the introduction of a
clause into the bill—in lieu of the one proposing
a change in the manner of taking testimony—so
as to require of the board of commissioners to sit
in various parts of the State.
Mr. PRATT. That is the law now.
Mr. WELLER. I beg the gentleman's pardon;
it is not the law now.
Mr. PRATT. I understood the gentleman's
colleague to say that it was.
Mr. WELLER. No, sir; he said that an order
had been given by the President to that effect.
Mr. GWIN. The President of the United
States can order the commissioners wherever he
pleases. When the original bill was under con-
sideration, a Senatorfrom Missouri [Mr. Benton)
proposed that the commissioners should sit in
certain districts, naming them. He proposed to
make it imperative on them. I stated at the time
that I was confident the President would order
them to these points. In his amendment, Mr.
Benton named the time and place of assembling
the board, and I know great inconvenience might
result from having the hoard sit at one place at a
time when it nught be proper to order it to another.
But the commissioners determined to sit at San
Francisco until provision was- made to pay their
expenses for traveling from place to place, and it
was with great difficulty the California delegation
could obtain an order for them to go from one
part of the State to another.
Mr. DAWSON. My object is to introduce a
provision satisfactory to the State of California,
and that E think can be done only by dividing the
State off into districts, and requiring the commis-
sioners togo on circuit from place to place for so
many days, or so many months, in order that the
witnesses may all be brought before the commis-
sioners. This mode of introducing testimony by
way of interrogatories is an innovation upon the
established rule. It is very often deceptive, and
may lead us into error.
The reason why the section alluded to was in-
troduced m the original bill two years since was
this: California was settled by a population whose
language we did not understand, and the charac-
ter of whOvSe people, befoie our race went there,
we did not well know. Take such a tract of land
as the Mariposa grant: Suppose the testimony
upon which it should be decided in favor of a
private claimant should be taken before an alcalde
—a Mexican, who did not understand a word of
the Engjish language, who could not translate the
Spanish language into English, so that it could be
communicated to the board of commissioners. It
was to avoid any misinterpretation by the person
who should be appointed linguist, as well as that
