1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
the facts might be fairly presented before the com-
missioners, that the Senate, at that time, settled
down on this idea: The commission will be com-
posed of competent gentlemen who will under-
stand the Spanish language in some degree.
Having the witnesses before them, they can soon
see their character and ascertain the reliability to
be placed upon them, and the Government will
thus be protected against combinations.
My friend, the junior Senator from California,
[Mr. Weller,] hinted that there were various
titles which might be manufactured there. We
all know that is the case in every new country.
All these titles have to be investigated, or they
may be imposed upon the United States so as to
supersede our just rights. This may be done by
combinations of men; and when these titles are to
be sustained, the combination will be ready with
their witnesses; and unless we make proper pro-
visions there Will be no opportunity of discover-
ing these transactions. I do not make any charge
against California, but we know these things do
occur, and the object we had in view when we
passed the original bill was to prevent such things.
I go this far: I will appropriate any amount of
money that may be necessary to authorize these
commissioners to go from place to place, to make
it convenient to the State of California. I am
sure that the senior Senator from California, [Mr.
Gwra,] from the suggestions that he made, is in
favor of the position which I occupy. Make
these commissioners travel over the State of Cal-
ifornia, increase their salary, and pay tiie cost of
their transportation, if you will. Require them
to go from point to point; to sit from time to time
at different places, and see the men who are to
testify against the rights of the United States.
We should relax no rule by which testimony is
to be obtained. We should endeavor to get at
the truth. The plan proposed in this amendment
seems to me to be a very lax one. I do not know
that there is so loose a method of obtaining testi-
mony in any State. There are no questions half
so important to the Government as those which
will arise in California. Millions of acres claimed
under Spanish and Mexican grants will be sub-
mitted by claimants for adjudication before these
commissioners. The better plan, I think, is to
arrange the matter in such a way that there can
be no imputation against the honesty of the par-
ties. and where a decision shall be made satisfac-
tory to all. I again repeat, that I think it would
be better to postpone this bill until to-morrow. If
it be postponed f shall be willing to vote to take it
up at any moment, and agree to a section sucli as
1 have suggested to meet the views of the senior
Senator from California.
Mr. WELLER. I cannot see what will be
gained by postponing the further consideration of
the subject until to-morrow. Nor can I see how
tiie taking of testimony before one of the land
commissioners is better calculated to elicit the
truth than testimony taken before any other per-
son. My friend from Georgia assumes (for it is
a mere asMimption) that these land commission-
ers understand the Spanish language. Why, sir,
they know nothing of the Spanish language. 1
admit they ought to know it. [ believe further,
that none of the three land commissioners know
anything of the civil law, unless they have picked
up a little knowledge ofit since their appointment
as land commissioners. They were, all three of
them, common-law lawyers. All of us know that
those educated as common-law lawyers generally
know very little of the civil law. These land com-
missioners are to pass upon these questions under
the civil law with all the testimony, or a large por-
tion of it, iti the Spanish language, and all of the
original papers in the Spanish language !
Now, sir, 1 grant you, that if these commis-
sioners thoroughly understood the Spanish lan-
jruage, the bringing a witness to testify in that
language before one of the commissioners would
better enable him to get at the truth, than if that
testimony were taken before some person entirely
ignorant of that language; but in this particular
case there is no force in the argument, for the rea-
son that these land commissioners do not under-
stand that language.
If it be the desire of any considerable portion
of the Senate to postpone the consideration of the
subject to some future day, or if there be any Sen-
ator who desires to examine this particular ques-
tion before he is called upon to vote, I shall not
hesitate to give my consent; but I do confess that
I am oftentimes very much inclined to doubt the
friendship of the Senator from Georgia, so far as
California is concerned. I am very much in-
clined to doubt, his liberality towards California,
and I cannot consent to let the bill go over merely
on his request.
Mr. DAWSON. I am very sorry that my
friend from California should intimate that I have
been illiberal to that State. No one is disposed to
be more liberal than myself. I would like to know
what the honorable Senator understands by lib-
erality to his own State ? Has he thought for a
moment of the extent of the liberal grants to that
State? She has possession of all of the public
lands, and all of the gold mines, just as much as
if we had said to her, "Take them, if you please."
W e have not limited her—we have not restricted
her by any law of the United States. We have
passed almost every bill which the Senators for
that State have presented, and I have voted for a
great many of them; but when you come and ask
us to violate a principle which goes to consum-
mate, as I believe, a great deprivation of the rights
of the United States, I must interpose.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I should be
very sorry, at this late hour of the day, to enter
into a discussion as to the liberality of Congress,
or the Executive branch of the Government, to-
wards California. If I should go into that sub-
ject, I might be able to demonstrate that there is
no State in this Union which has been more shame-
fully neglected than the State of California. It is
true there has been sometimes liberality upon the
part of Congress; but whenever there has been
liberality here, the conduct of the Executive De-
partment of the Government has been such as to
rob us of all the fruits of that liberality. Nearly
two years ago Congress made a liberal* appropria-
tion for the construction of light-houses upon the
Pacific coast. Not a dollar of it has been expended
by the Executive Department of the Government.
Some three or four weeks ago, for the first time,
a contract was entered into for the construction of
those light-houses; and yet the Senator from Geor-
gia asserts that the Federal Government has been
extremely liberal to the people of California!
Why, sir, you have done nothing towards their
custom-house. You are collecting more than three
millions of revenue per annum there, and you
have not yet taken the necessary steps to protect
the commerce on that coast, ojjgive to California
even a custom-house or a maim? hospital. You
sent an agent out there, and he went about the
country for a considerable time, and then came
back; but nothing was done.
You have left the people of California to pro-
tect themselves against the Indians. You have had
as many as eight men stationed at the mouth of
the Gila, to afford protection to the great body of
emigrants, and people on the frontier; and all this
the Senator from Georgia considers is extreme
liberality! Now, I confess that although my
friend from Georgia has a great appearance of
candor and liberality, so far as California is con-
cerned, I have not yet found, when it came to
acts, that that Senator backed his words. He has
not at all times stood by us as I desired he should.
I say thifj with all proper respect. I have no
doubt the Senator from Georgia thinks he is doing
what his duty to his constituents demands that he
should do; but at the proper time I shall endeavor
to demonstrate that there is no people now within
the limits of the United States who have been
more shamefully treated, not only by the legisla-
tive but by the executive branch of this Govern-
j! ment, than the people of California. If I"cannot
demonstrate that, 1 will admit I have been labor-
ing under a gross delusion.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, then; is a legal
question involved in this amendment, which T de-
sire to state for the consideration of the Senate.
I would ask the Senator what power has the Gov-
ernment of the United States to impose an obliga-
tion upon the State authorities to take testimony
in cases in which the United States are interested ?
Mr. WELLER. I grant you that the General
Government cannot compel the State authorities
to take testimony; but it mav authorize them to
do it; and if the State authorities take that testi-
mony, I apprehend it would be legal. But I admit
that the Federal Government has not power to
order the State governments to take these depo-
sitions.
Mr. PRATT. Here, then, might be the result:
Parties might go to a magistrate who may be in
their favor, living in the locality. He may take
testimony to-day favorable to the claimant, and if
the United States come to-morrow with opposing
testimony, the Senator admits they could not
compel him to take that testimony. Now this is
unexampled to me. There is no such provision in
my own State, nor, so far as I know, in any State,
providing that testimony to be used in the Federal
courts shall be taken by State officers. I have
always thought it was the practice to have Federal
officers to take testimony which was to be used in
the Federal courts. There are commissioners
appointed for that purpose. I am not aware of
any case in which testimony to be used in the Fed-
eral courts is taken before the local authorities.
The result will be—the Senator admitting, as he
must admit, that we cannot impose the obligation
on the State authorities to take the testimony—
that they may not take such testimony as may be
offered by the United States,and therefore, in that
aspect of it, it would be unquestionably deleteri-
ous to the interests of the Government.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I have some
difficulty in voting for the fifth section, which is
the question now before th§. Senate, owing to what
I consider its obscurity—though that may arise
from my not understanding the entire object in
view, which the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia may be able to explain to me. I refer to the
mode of taking testimony which is to be substi-
tuted for that provided in the original act. The
original act, as 1 understand from the Senator from
Maryland, fori have not examined it, provides
that testimony shall be in all cases taken before
the commissioners. The proposition here is, in
the first part of the fifth section, to authorize the
clerks of the board, by the authority of the com-
missioners, to superintend the taking of deposi-
tions to be used before the board whenever the
law agent or agents do not attend to the taking of
them. I do not object to that portion. Then the
section goes on to provide that commissions mav
be issued by the board to take depositions which
it is provided may be taken upon written interrog-
atories, and commissions may be issued to "any
officer authorized by the laws of California to ad-
minister oaths."
I do not know exactly, taking the whole scope
of the section into consideration, whether it is in-
tended that there shall be any questions put to
witnesses under these commissions other than
those contained in the written interrogatories. If
it is not intended that any other question shall be
put, then of course there could be no superintend-
ence in taking the testimony at all, on the part of
the clerks. But the commissioner alone is author-
ized to put the interrogatories according to his
own judgment. No other person can interfere.
Cross-interrogatories will be filed, I presume, by
the law agents of the Government on the one side,
or, where the commission was asked by the Gov-
ernment, by the private claimant on the other
side.
If I understand the rule as to the taking of dep-
ositions on written interrogatories, the commis-
sioner would have no authority to go beyond those
interrogatories. He could ask no question beyond
them. If so, there can be no superintendence.
Then the difficulty arises of authorizing any man
in the State of California, who, by the laws of
California, may administer an oath, to take depo-
sitions under written interrogatories.
Sir, in my judgment and experience, it is no
such easy thing; it requires a man conversant with
these matters to take the answers of witnesses to
written interrogatories, or the whole effect of the
examination may be lost, as regards the crosvin-
terrogatories particularly. If your commissioner
is not a competent man, a witness may be made
to speak precisely what the ignorance or incapa- .
city of the commissioner makes him speak. No
lawyer who has practiced in a court of chancery
can doubt, that if your commissioner is not com-
petent, or if he is wanting in good faith in taking
the deposition of a witness, under written inter-
rogatories, he may make that deposition precisely
what he pleases,
I am, therefore, not willing to confer this power,
unless the justices of the peace in CnliOmiia, and
the notaries public in California have a higher de-
gree of intelligence and capacity than mV obser-
vation has shown exists, as regards such persons
