988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
who are a disgrace to it; for elevating the charac-
ter of the officers, and for elevating the character
of the sailors; and for placing the Navy of the
United States in the same relative position with
the'other navies of the world, which the people
of the,United States now occupy with regard to
the people of other nations. Then, and not till
then, do I believe you will have a Navy such as
shall be needed for efficiency whenever the occa-
sion shall demand.
- Mr. MILLSON. As this motion to reconsider
has been fully discussed, and as I believe there is
a general concurrence upon all sides as to the pro-
priety of reconsidering the vote by which this bill
was rejected, and as 1 propose—as the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] has stated, if the
House shall reconsider that vote—to introduce a
substitute for the whole bill, upon which any fur-
ther discussion that may be necessary may take
place, I now demand the previous question.
The previous question then received a second.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Will it be in order
now to lrfove to lay the motion to reconsiderupon
the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. CABLE. I make that motion.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
I ask of the Chair wiiether the previous question
has not been seconded ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. MILLSON. Then I submit that a vote
must be taken on ordering the main question be-
fore the gentleman can move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that a
motion to lay upon the table is always in order
before the decision lias been announced by the
Chair.
The question was then put, and decided in the
negative.
bo the motion to reconsider was not laid upon
the table.
The mam question was then ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, and the vote by
which the bill was rejected was reconsidered.
Mr. M1LLSON. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to a third
reading.
The question was taken, and the vote was re-
considered.
Mr. STUART. It is necessary, also, as I un-
derstand it, to reconsider the vote by which the
previous question was ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Certainly not.
That was exhausted when the question was put
upon the passage of the bill.
Mir. STUART. It was decided by the Speaker,
the other day, that it must be reconsidered.
Mr. STANTON. I insist that it is unneces-
sary.
The SPEAKER. It has been the practice of the
House heretofore to reconsider such motions.
The question was then taken, and the vote by
which the previous question was ordered was re-
considered.
Mr. MILLSON then obtained the floor.
Mr. BRIGGS. I ask the gentleman to yield in
order to enable me to move that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MILLSON. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. Speaker, when 1 made the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House rejected this
bill, I did not suppose that it would involve the
responsibility of anyfuither action on my part.
I am not especially familiar with the subject of
naval affairs. 1 have not the honor to occupy a
place upon the Naval Committee, andl did not sup-
pose that more would be expected of me in refer-
ence to any future action of the House than from
any other member of the majority which defeated
this bill. Learning, however, from some mem-
bers of the Naval Committee that if the subject
were recommitted to them, they .probably would
not alter their action upon it; and wishing the
House to have the oppoitunity of giving effect to
what seemed to be tbeviews of a decided majority,
I voluntarily assumed the responsibility of pre-
paring a substitute, which I shall presently offer
for the consideration of the House. I lay no
means suppose that this substitute will remedy all
the defects existing in our naval establishment, nor
remove the objections which for fifty years past
have been urged against the articles of war, by
which this branch of our service has been regu- '
lated. 1 design it merely for the present emergen- :
cy. I intend it only ae a substitute for the biil
introduced by the Committee on Naval Affairs, i
which recently passed the Senate for the especial
purpose of enforcing discipline in the naval ser-
vice. I concur entirely in the sentiment expressed
by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
that much will still remain to be done; and he will
entitle himself to the gratitude of his country who :
will undertake the great work of reforming the
code regulating our naval establishment.
The substitute which I shall offer is founded, in ,
a great measure, though not exclusively, upon a
bill prepared, as I understand, by a board of
naval officers that met in the city of Washington
some twelve or eighteen months ago, and which .
passed the Senate during the last session of the
Thirty iirfit Congress. That bill was again re-
ported to the Senate by the Committee r>n Naval .
Affairs, during the present session of Congress;
and I am very much inclined to suspect that the 1
Senate, when they passed the bill which came to ,
us a few days ago, supposed they had only re-
enacted that bill which had received their almost .
unanimous sanction and approbation at the last j
session of Congress. This bill was called up by
a member of the Naval r'ommittee m the Senate, <
as the.same that had passed that body unanimous- j
ly, and he proposed certain amendments, which
the Committee on Naval Affairs had instructed
him to offer. These amendments, however, en-
tirely changed the whole character of the bill,
leaving scarcely a single feature of the original bill ;
remaining. The substitute, then, which I have !
framed, incorporates nearly all the provisions of,
the original Senate bill that 1 deemed valuable.
There are some verbal and some substantial alter-
ations I have thought proper to make, to which I
shall presently invite the attention of the House. ;
Before I enter upon an explanation of mv own
proposition, however, permit me to say a word as '
to the character of the House bill, or rether the
Senate bill, which was rejected by this Fiouse a
few days ago.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
has very properly said that all the powers pro-
posed to be conferred by this bill are given to the
commanding officer. But he did not state what ,
was the character of the power it proposes to ;
confer. ;
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Ascutt? Dickins, theii Secretary, 1
announcing the passage of sundry bills by that ;
body.]
Mr. M. continued. I will call the attention of
the House to some of the extraordinary prnvis- 1
ions of this bill. They are not only arbitrary,
but utterly vague and indefinite. It proposes to !
confer upon any commanding officer of a vessel, j
not only a captain, as stated by the gentleman ;
from Michigan, but upon any commanding otii- ,
cer, the power to dimmish the ration* of petty
1 officers and others of inferior ratings. Diminish
| them how much? Sailors'rations pre regulated
| by law. The law prescribes the quantity to be 1
; distributed to each man. How much is the com-
I manding officer to be permitted to diminish the
' ration of the sailor? It proposes to give to the
| commanding officer the power to restrict the sailor :
, to a diet of bread and water. How long'- There
is no limitation upon the power of the command-
I ing officer thus to restrict him. And this bill
j would, therefore, confer upon every commanding ;
officer the extraordinary power to restrict the diet 1
of the sailor to bread and water during n whole
cruise of three yeais. If theie be any restraint
upon his authority in this respect, it certainly is
not to be found in this bill. It also c. nfers upon
the commanding officer power to discharge fru:n
the service, with a bad-condncr <!i--.'harge, any
petty officer or sailor. Where theie is no limita-
tion to the power to discharge the sailor, and for
ought this bill contains, such discharge.-; may take
place upon the coast of Africa, or in some other
desert, unfrequented, and inhospitable part of the
world, where the sailor may be left to perish.
I will not say anything now about the extraor- !
dinary power given to punish by solitary confine-
ment for thirty days, in double-irons, and on ;
! bread and water. I expressed my views upon
i this subject a few days since. Bit', sir, thought
| bad begins, yet worse remains behind. This bill |
j authorizes any commanding officer in the Navy i
not only to inflict the several punishments which
I have mentioned, but it gives him authority to
impose them all together, for it expressly states
that "the commander of any vessel in the Navy,
' or of any shore station, shall have authority to
' punish offences committed by petty officers, and
' persons of inferior ratings, by any one or more
' of the following punishments." Hence, if any
petty officer shall be so unfortunate as to incur the
displeasure of his commander; if he shall be guilty
of some real or fancied incivility; if he shall in
any way be so unhappy as to stir up the vindictive
passions of the person set to command him, see
the extent of punishment authorized by this bill
to be indicted upon him by that commanding offi-
cer. He may, after having adjudged the case,
and pronounced the culprit guilty, addiess lum in
these words: "I sentence you to be reduced from
your post of petty officer. You shall, moreover,
forfeit three months of your pay"—a sum amount-
ing in some cases, perhaps, to sixty or seventy-
five dollars—"you shall then suffer confinement
for two months from this day; at the expiration
of that period, you shall be placed in solitary con-
finement for thirty days; at the end of that time
you shall be kept in solitary confinement in dou-
ble-irons for thirty days more; at the expiration
of that term you shall remain in solitary con-
finement in double-irons, upon bread and water,
for a further period of thirty days; a.id then you
shall be discharged with a bad-conduct discharge,
in some remote and inhospitable part of the
world." Such might be the sentence, though it is
not likely that this would be the language used to
convey it. Now, I ask the gentlemen who sup-
port this bill, could they have understood these
monstrous provisions when they gave their votes?
My friend [Mr. Bocock] says there are no such
provisions.
Mr. BOCOCK, (interrupting.) I would ask
the House to hear me upon this subject at a fu-
ture time. The gentleman tells as that a man may
be put into solitary confinement for something like
three months, when there is m the bill an express
clause saying that it shall not extend beyond
thirty days.
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir; not so.
Mr. BOCOCK. ''Provided no such confine-
ment shall continue more than thirty days."
Mr. MILLSON. That refers to solitary con-
finement in irons, upon bread and water, and to
each distinct and separate punishment by solitary
confinement. But 1 stated in my enumeration of
punishments, that they are cumulative, and that
each separate punishment could be inflicted in its
order, no one of them extending beyond thirty
days—the punishment by solitary confinement
for thirty days; sohrary confinement in double-
irons for thirty days; and solitary confinement in
double-irons upon bread and water for thirty
days. Each of these different punishments may
be added to the original sentence. But to make
this matter perfectly clear, I call the attention of
my friend—and I am glad to know that he has
expressed the views which he has just now inti-
mated, for I know too well the generous impulses
of his heart to suppose that he did not under-
stand this bill, as he declares he does, he would
never have given it his sanction—I would call
the attention of my friend to the provision in
the Senate bill, for which this is a substitute, in
which it was expiessiy said, "And such com-
manding officer may combine any two of these
punishments, at his discretion." That was the
j language of the original bill. The amendment of
■ the Senate, however, strikes out ilns provision
| which limits the punishments to "any two,"' and
' ghes him the authority to inflict any one or more
I of these Munishments at hi& discretion. And all
i this is to be done without requiring any record to
i be kept: without demanding that the testimony
upon which the culprit wuss found guilty shall be
reduced to writing, or that the punishment itself
shall be reported to the Navy Department. I ask,
I are these power such as ought to be confided by a
; republican Government to any one man living.'
[ Sir, 1 have no hesitation in saying, that so far as
, I am informed, there is not a naval establishment
; in the world, in which these arbi*iary powers are
; possessed by the highest officers in it; and I think
i I might say, without exaggeration, there are not
- ten men in the whole of Europe, even including
I those absolute monarc.hs whose will stands in the
j place of law, who possess such authority as is pro-
