18 52.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§89
posed to be conferred hy a republican Congress
upon suboidinate officers in your ^avy.
Now, i do not say all this by way of reproach
to the committee who reported this bill. Very
far from it. I know they did not put that con-
struction upon the biil which I have given it. I
™ ready to believe that if they supposed it con-
terred the powers which necessarily result from
it, they never would have given it their sanction.
But I ask gentlemen on the other side, who have
lamented the defeat of this bill, and the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] who sup-
posed that the majority, in rejecting it, had gotten
themselves into a difficulty, from which he would
not assist to extricate them—I ask them, if any
gentleman has got himself into difficulty, on this
subject, upon which side of the question will he
be tound? The bill was hastily examined, and
imperfectly understood, or I am confident it would
not hyve received the approbation of one fifth of
those who gave it their vote.
It may be said, however, that these powers will
probably not be abused by the officers of our
Navy. Perhaps not. I do not think they would
often be abused. I have the pleasure of an inti-
mate acquaintance with very many gentlemen of
the Navy, Among them i reckon many of my
most valued friends. I know their good qualities;
I admire their generosity of disposition, and I
bear cheerful testimony to those virtues which
have endeared so many of them, and the institu-
tion to which they belong, to the American people.
I have not said one word about tyianny or cruel-
ty, although the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Evans] was realfy eloquent a few days since m
defending the officers of the Navy against attacks
which certainly, so far as I heard, no gentleman
has made against them.
But stiil the question is, ought such powers to
be conferred upon anyone man, in the bund confi-
dence that tney will not be abused? Are not we
jealous, and, as a republican people, ought v/e not
to be jealous, of conferring authority, unrestricted
and unlimited? How, then, if these be the features
of the bill, can the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Evans] say, that ns rejection was the offspring of
a misdirected philanthropy ? The gentleman him-
self, on several occasions during tins debate, was
pleased to say that he did not approve the provis-
ions of this bill, but that he thought it not greatly
wrong, and preferred to take itt rather than there
should be no discipline in the Navy. It was be-
cause the Congress of the United States were un-
willing to confer too much discretion upon any
commanding officer of the Navy, and not so much,
perhaps, on account of their repugnance to the
mode of punishnieul, that they abolished flogging
altogether. They considered that the power to
inflict stripes upon any man in the naval service,
wos too great to be confided to any one person.
Now, Mr. Speaker, upon that subject, my views
do not greatly differ from those of the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Ei a\s] himself. He would '
not restore the punishment of flogging, except
upon the condition it should be adjudged by a
naval court-mariial. if restored, however, it j
should be reserved for crimes or offenses of on
infamous nature, some of which are still punish- i
able m this mode in several of the States. But I ;
confess my repugnance to the application of this ■
species of punishment to trivial breaches of disci-
pline, involving no depravity of heart, and but '
little moral culpability.
The gentleman said that very many of the good
sailors of the Navy themselves prefer the restora-
tion of flogging. I do not know how the factmay
be, hut 1 am not much disposed to contest the
point. 1 think it exceedingly probable that some
of the sailors do prefer the restoration of the lash;
but it was not because of the presumed wishes of
the sailors that Congress abolished this mode
of punishment: and 1 do not think very much
legard will be paid (o their wishes in lespect to its
restoration. Tht- people of France have recently
expressed their willingness that Loins Napoleon
should be their master; bui we are not likely to
become enamored of the despotic system which
prevails there, because it has been established
Willi the consent of the people. No. sir, we ought
to give such laws to our Na". y as sliail bear a
relation to the genius of our Government—as shall
be in harmony with the princ.ples of mir repub-
lican institutions; and in providing these laws,
we are not necessarily bound to consult the prefer-
ences of those, if there beany, whose sensibilities ;i The honorable gentleman from North Carolina,
nave been blunted by the very system of punish- jj [Mr. Staslt,] over the way, will perhaps
ments whicn they may wish to restore. |l member that then Riihmit.terl tn lii w
T„. . . !iey ras*y wl3'1 t0 restore. || member that Fthen submitted to him an a'mend-
Withm a lew cays papt I received a pamphlet, >! ment which I had at that time prepared, for the
entitled « The Naval Institutions of a Republic." ! purpose of offer.ing.it, if I could have had an op-
its author is L«r. Wood, a distinguished surgeon i portunity of doing so; but the debate having been
of the Navy. J will read from it a short extract, ; closed on the bill, except under the five minutes
illustrating some of the views I have endeavored li rule, which allowed no discussion of anything but
to present: j! pending amendments, I never had it in my .power
1 lie population of a republican navy consists of the ,, to submit it. I state to the eentlemari fro*
efficient power of the crews, or men, and officers ar> direct ■; Tennessee tfc.t it • S ' /1 ?
and control u; both equally citizens of the commonwealth <i iennessee> tJiat .1S not so impracticable as he
which tuey serve, in different hut as.soei.ited capacities I ®j?PPoses to organize a summary court-martial,
1 be| arrangements should be such as would secuie, in all 'j Whence the necessity for the summary court-
fv™fc!^thrcbomitVTS;>ap?oducetal The Konl letwtei! 11 ? •'' P™06"18 the difficulty
i the&e grades, their dependence one upon the other, should convening a general court-martial. For "what
be jusi titat whiPh would b<?*t accomplish the national pur- 1 purpose is a summary court-martial to be Organ-
po&e, lor which the .Yavy is organized and paid, and in :: ized? The authority given to a commanding offi-
r.e ; rerm0"s^tfdenteiidr,vMireif?has \ady
tect the rights of the interior, or commanded eias*. and re- «£monstr&teu, is sufficiently great to enable him
strict the exercise of the controlling power to its legitimate '! l? correct those ordinary offenses which involve a
us^l'' . '] simple breach of discipline; and it is only for those
The substitute, Mr. Speaker, which I propose offenses which require serious investigation that
to offer, provides for the establishment ofsummary :: even a summary court-martial is necessary at all.
courts-martial for the purpose of trying all of those i? But, sir, while cases of this kind frequently
offenses deserving greater punishmentthan a com- l! occur on ship-board, yet if the vessel, though
mandmg officer is now authonzed to inflict of his j! without the limits of the United States, be not
own authority, and yet not sufficiently severe to , attached to a squadron, and there be no officer
require a general court-martial; it directs that these j authorized to convene a general court-martial, or
summary courts-martial shall consist of not less i; ^ the vessel be in some distant part of the United
than three commissioned officers; and in this par- States—on the Pacific coast, for instance^where
ticular it differs from the plan originally adopted j! only the Secretary of the Navy could convene a
by the Senate. That bill proposed, that when ^ general court-martial, no trial can be now had,
three commissioned officers could not be had, offi- j except after great delay. The object of this pro-
cers of or above the grade of passed midship- { vision, then, is to give to the commanding officer
man, might be detailed as members of the court. I j! the power to avoid all those delays, by conven-
have thought it best to confine the court in all cases j a summary court-martial, to consist of three
to commissioned officers. j| commissioned officers; and most unquestionably
1 propose that all testimony given before that j' I would secure, in a trial before a summary
court shall be given under oath or affirmation, ]! court-martial, all those rights and privileges which
and shall be delivered in the presence of the party ji a*"e essential to the inquiry whether the accused
accused, who shall be allowed to interrogate the !l be guilty or not guilty of the offense laid to his
witness. No such provision was expressly made !] charge. The right to summon his witnesses
in the original Senate bill. I then propose, sir, to j' should unquestionably be secured to him, for it
give to this summary court-martial the power to ii v/ould be a mockery, indeed, to convene a court-
inflict any one of the punishments named in the !J martial for the purpose of determining the guilt or
substitute, according to the nature and degree of "
the offense, and not any one or more. I have
thought that 111 reference to a discharge fiom the
service, a bad-conduct, discharge 
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question in regard
to that' i will preface my remarks, Mr. Speaker,
with this statement, if the gentleman will allow
me, if u were possible, m my judgment, to or-
ganize a court summary, or of any other sort,
upon the quarter-deck of a ship, so as to inflict
ihis punishment, under the circumstances when it
is necessary to nifhct it, 1 should be as ready as }. jurisdiction which is now vested by law in a gen-
any other gentleman upon this floor to vote for \ eral naval court-martial. The punishments, then,
such an arrangement. Now, I ask that gentle- ■! to be inflicted by the summary court-martial are,
man, whether, in organizing the se courts, accord- |l' discharge from the service with bad-conduct dis-
mg to his bill, he intends to give the sailor a right charge, provided, however, that no person shall
to a fair trial? I inquire of him whether he in- j' be discharged in a foreign country without tlie
tends to give the right to the sailor of cross-ex-
amining, and calling up, as many witnesses as he
pleases? and whether it would be possible, with
this arrangement, by which the sailor should have
ail the rights which belong to a citizen before a
courr-martial, to maintain discipline in the Navy
m those emergencies which this bill was intended
to meet'
Mr. MTLLSON. I respond to the inquiry of
the gentleman, :*nd answer that it is most unques-
tionably the object of the substitute to secure to
the sailor; 1 fan-trial; and though the gentleman
thinks su-'h a trio) cannot be secured upon the
quarter-deck of a shin, yet 1 beg leave to suggest
to him, that the very bill which originally con-
tamed this provision, was framed by a board of
officers, 1 understand, (I dn not mean to say
they acie.l officially, though I believe they did,)
comened 10 the city of VTashin^ton, Home twelve
or eighteen months aeo: and they saw no such
difficulty as that which ihe gentleman imagines.
Again: I take the opportunity of saying that I
, ha\e conversed with ^ery many officers of the
1 Navy, and they desire the establishment of such
a tribunal as this; and so much had I at heart the
establishment of this summary court-martial, that
two years acn, when thp punishment by flogging
was abolished m the Navy, 1 endeavored in vain,
0.1 two or three occasions, to offer an amendment
oy which that object nu^Iu be secured. I mean
the establishment of the summary court-martial.
i innocence of the accused, and yet deny him the
' privilege of summoning the witnesses who may
testify on his behalf, and even of cross-examining
those brought forward by the prosecutor.
Sir, the summary court-martial is analogous to
that provision m our Army, by which a garrison
' court-martial may be convened, by order of the
colonel commanding the regiment. The powers
' of the garrison court-martial are not as broad and
geneial as those bestowed-by law on the general
court-martial, and so I do not propose to give to
the summan' court-martial the same extent of
approval of the commanding officer of the squadron
' to which the person discharged may be attached.
I think that a wholesome and necessary restriction,
preventing the commanding officer from leaving in
some solitary part of the world any unfortunate
man who might have incurred his displeasure, 1
j do not say that any commanding officer would so
!• abuse his authority. I do not think it at all hkely
'j that any one would do it. I am not considering
'I the subject in that point of view; but it would be
degrading to the feelings of any man in the Navy
of the United States to know that the laws had
vested such authority in his commanding officer,
whether he might be disposed to exercise it or
not. You have many humane commanders in the
Navy, but it is possible that now and then you
' might find a tyrant. The continuity of Trnjan
and the Antonmes might be sometimes broken by
a Commodus.
Solitary confinement m irons is one of the pro-
visions of this bill, but not exceeding thirty days.
In other words, 1 retain the punishments contained
111 the bill recently rejected, modifying one of thern,
however, only to the extent of notailowing acon-
I finement on bread and water, to be accompanied
with a confinement in double-irons, i omit, also,
the punishment of the ball and chain. The re-
maining provisions in the bill do not greaOy vary
from the bill reported to the House hy the Com-
mittee 011 Naval Affairs. I have, however, stricken
] out all that portion of the Senate bill—I speak
