1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBUS.
1853
in other States of the Union, where! have known
something about them. Unless the average there
is higher, I am not willing to intrust to them the
interests of the Government; nor do I think the
interests of the claimants ought to be intrusted in
such cases, to parties to take answers to written
interrogatories, who, in nine cases out of ten,
may be utterly incompetent to take them. I
cannot vote for the section as it stands, because I
think it will tend to establish a looije rule as to the
taking of testimony; and a true decision on one
side or the other must depend on the truth of the
facts stated, which could not be relied upon by
taking testimony in the mode proposed.
Mr. PELCH. Mr. President, it seems to me
that there is an unnecessary alarm; for this pro-
vision does not appear to me to propose anything
which, in its practical operation, will be found to
put in jeopardy the rights either of the public, or
of individuals who may be claimants. It has this
certainly to recommend it: that there is an abso-
lute necessity for some means of getting the testi-
mony which both the claimant and the Govern-
ment have in these cases, before the board of com-
missioners, in order to bring their adjudication to
a termination sometime within the life of the pres-
ent generation.
Now, sir, what is the provision of the old law
in regard to the taking of depositions? That law
is based upon the idea that the witnesses will be
present; but.it is not based upon the idea that the
witnesses will, in all cases, testify before the com-
missioners acting as a board. On the contrary, it
contemplates the using of depositions before the
board, which may be taken at chambers before
one of the commissioners. The law agent is re-
quired to be notified of the taking of depositions,
in order that he may be present. A deposition,
then, is presented before the board, and is used in
the same manner as 'other depositions are, and as
depositions taken under the proposed amendment
are proposed to be used. Every guarantee which
is had in regard to the solemnity of the taking of
depositions, is had under the amendment which is
proposed. It is only the tribunal that is changed,
from one of the commissioners at chambers, to
such persons as may be found competent among
those who are authorized to take depositions to be
used in the judicial tribunals of the State of Cali-
fornia.
It seems to be supposed that there is a particu-
lar ability on the part of a commissioner at cham-
bers. Why, sir, any other competent man may
as well take, at chambers, depositions to be used
before this tribunal, as one of the commissioners
himself. And if it came from another man equally
competent, the deposition would be as much in
form and substance, and as reliable in every re-
spect as if taken before one of the commissioners
at chambers. It seems to be supposed that there
may be incompetent officers appointed to take
depositions in California, and that we ought not
to adopt those officers as a competent tribunal to
take these depositions. It is true that incompe-
tent officers may be appointed; but what will be
the case under this amendment? Why, the board
themselves are to settle upon the application of
the party. As I understand the operation of this
amendment, if a deposition is proposed to be
taken, which cannot be taken before the board, or
any member of the board, then an application is
made to the board of commissioners sitting as
such, and they issue a commission—issue it to
whom? Why, they are limited in their choice;
ill other words, they are authorized to select, from
the persons 111 the State of California, who aie
authorized to administer oaths, an individual, and
a commission is to issue to him. I he board
of commissioners, knowing who are competent,
and who are not competent, will issue a commis-
sion only to such persons as they think proper to
select.
If I am correct in this matter, what is the po-
sition of the thing? Why, the commissioners
themselves, acting as a board, knowing the com-
petency of the men, and ability of the _ men, and
the integrity of the men, will direct their commis-
sion to such a man, living in the neighborhood of
the witness, as may receive their sanction as a
proper man to take these depositions. And in
that manner the testimony will come before the
board. This 1 understand to be the operation of
the amendment. . ...
Mr. BAYAKD. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken in his construction of the act. There can
be no difficulty about it. I do aver that, on the
face of the language used here, there is no author-
ity on the part of the board to select a commis-
sioner at all. The board may issue a commission.
I think the word " may " would be construed as
mandatory if a reasonable cause for asking for the
taking of a deposition should be shown. If the
commission issue, it issues to take depositions
before any officer authorized by the laws of Cal-
ifornia to administer oaths. It would not be com-
petent, under such ciicumstances, for the board to
restrict the party to a particular officer of their own
selection. The commission issues. It must be a
general commission to any officer who is " author-
ized by the laws of California to administer
oaths." That, I think, is the necessary construc-
tion of the language.
Mr. WELLER. The phraseology used here
is, 1 think, precisely similar to that which is
found in all laws authorizing the taking of depo-
sitions, on interrogatories, or cross-interrogatories.
I have never known any case where a commis-
sion issued, in which the name of the officer be-
fore whom the depositions were to be taken was
not designated, and'that is the only fair and legit-
imate construction of the fifth section. When-
ever application is made to the board of com-
missioners for the taking of testimony, on suffi-
cient showing, the board directs a commission to
issue to some officer of the State, who is named
in that commission, to take this testimony. The
phraseology of the bill is, that they " may direct a
1 commission to issue, to take depositions before
' any officer authorized by the laws of California
' to administer oaths." Now, as a matter of
course, when they come to issue this commission
upon a proper application, it must be directed to
some officer who, by the laws of the State of Cal-
ifornia, is authorized to administer oaths; but
whether he is a proper person to intrust with this
important business of taking testimony, is a ques-
tion to be settled by the board of commissioners.
This, I hold, is the only fair construction of the
section. Any other construction would be a mere
technical one, and not a legitimate one.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator's construction
is different from what the practice has been under
the laws of the United States. The honorable
Senator is, I think, entirely mistaken as to the
necessary effect of the language.
Mr. WELLER. I speak of the practice
which has prevailed.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, a question is
raised as to the construction of this section. Per-
haps I speak more in reference to my own view
of it, as reported by the committee, than in re-
gard to any technical question which may be
raised as to its construction; but I understand the
construction which I have mentioned to be the
true one, which is to be put upon the section. I
do not know any authority by which the board
of commissioners could be called upon to issue a
commission to such a person as did not meet the
approval of that board; but if I am wrong as to
the construction, or if it admits of a doubt upon
that point, I desire to have the section amended,
so that it shall meet that proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose a commission is issued
in the words of the act, directed to A B, or any
other person " authorized by the laws of Califor-
nia to administer oaths," that commission would
issue in the very words of the act.
Mr. FELCH. I do not suppose any commis-
sion would issue in that way. I have always
supposed, so far as I have known the practice, that
it has been to direct a particular individual, nam-
ing him, to take particular testimony. The com-
mission requires testimony to be token before him.
Mr. DAVIS. The case I have put is not un-
usual. In some of the States, commissions are
directed m that way to A B, or C D, or any per-
son of a certain rank, as a judge of a court of
record.
Mr. PRATT. That is the practice in Mary-
land.
Mr. DAVIS. This section authorizes the com-
mission to issue to any person who is " authorized
by the laws of California to administer oaths."
Mr. WELLER. The objection is very easily
obviated. It was certainly the intention of the
act to provide that the commission should issue to
a person to be designated in it; but I can very
readily obviate the objection by an amendment,
so that it shall read that the board " may direct a
1 commission to issue to take depositions before
' any officer designated by the board, authorized
' by the laws of California to administer oaths."
If that suits the tastes of gentlemen on the other
side, I shall be willing to make that amendment.
I offer that amendment, hoping that it will obviate
the objection,
Upon the motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the
further consideration of the bill was postponed
until to-morrow.
TOWN OF BELLEVIEW, IOWA.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill for the benefit of the town of
Belleview, in Iowa.
The original bill had been referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, which had reported it
with an amendment, which was to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert;
" That there shall be and hereby is granted to the city of
Belleview, m Iowa, the land bordering on the Mississippi
river in front of the said city, reserved by the act of 2d
July, 1836, for a public highway and for other public pur-
poses, together with the accretions which may have formed
thereto, or in front thereof, .to be disposed of in such man-
ner as the corporate authorities of said city may direct.
The grant made by this act shall operate as a relinquish-
ment only of the light of the United States in and to the
said premises, and shall in no manner affect the rights Of
third persons therein, or to the use thereof, but shall lie
subject to tile same. On application by a duly authorized
agent of the corporate authorities of said city to the Com-
missioner of the General Lantl Office, a patent of relin-
quishment, in accordance with the provisions of this act,
shall be issued therefor, as in other cases."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, the amendment was concurred in, and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TtfEsnAY, ,hdy 20, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littelton F. Morgan.
TheJournal ofyesterday wasread and approved.
RIGHT OF WAY TO HAIL AND PLANK ROADS.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the bill giving the right of
way to all rail and p-lank roads passing through
the public lands belonging to the United States,
upon which the previous question has been de-
manded.
On motion by Mr. HAMILTON, by unan-
imous consent,
Ordered, That leave he granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the ca*-e of Christo-
pher Lambert, lor the purpose of reference to one 01 the
Executive Departments.
Mr. COBB, Yesterday I called the previous
question on the bill under consideration. The
morning hour having expired, I also entered a
motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands, in order that it might come up this
morning for consideration, i now withdraw the
motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands, and also the demand for the pre-
vious question. I would like to have the atten-
tion of the House, and I will detain it but a mo-
ment. i understand that there was some dissat-
isfaction on yesterday in relation to my calling
the previous question, and refusing to give some
gentlemen the floor for the purpose of making
personal explanations. I did not know at the
time that they desired the floor for this purpose,
or I should have given it to them with pleasure.
Whenever I refuse anything to gentlemen m this
House, my object is to promote tlie progress of
business, and hot to evidence any disrespect to
any member of the House. It is proper that
1 should state (his, to satisfy those gentlemen who
may have been displeased on account of my
refusing to allow them the iloor. I am about to
make another proposition, inasmuch as I re-
ported this bill from the Committee on Public
Lands, and some gentlemen here believe that they
can perfect it still further, I will withdraw the
demand for the previous question, turn the bill
loose upon the House, and let gentlemen do with
it as they please.
Mr. POLK. Oh don't! Don't turn it loose l
[Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. I do not feel at liberty to insist
