1851,
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBH,
77
House and the country some considerations in
relation to the importance of that measure. If
you give this public domain to the actual settlers,
you not only furnish efficient aid for the construc-
tion of works of internal improvement, bat you
assist in bearing the burdens of the State. Extend
this invitation to the people of all the States of
this Union, and to the agricultural world, and
you will be but carrying out the trust which is
placed in your hands as th e people's representatives,
but you furnish to the laboring man of the Eastern
States of this Confederacy a home, in a more con-
genial climate. You furnish him, also, with a
farm sufficient to sustain him and his family after
him. That wise measure will extend to the culti-
vator of the soil an inducement to emigrate from
all sectionsof the country into this land of promise
—"The Great West."
I entered upon this discussion, without pre-
paration, upon the impulse of the moment. My
object was to call the attention of the House at
this early stage to the various projects for ab-
sorbing the public lands; to the danger that these
various bills import; and to give, if possible, a
proper direction to our action. If I have suc-
ceeded in making myself understood, lam content
to await the action of this House in disposing of a
subject of such vital importance in the disposition
of a trust of such grave importance.
Mr. BISSELL. Upon some future occasion,
if I can get an opportunity, I design to present my
views at some length upon the subjects embraced
in the bill of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Hall,] but not now. I rise upon the present oc-
casion merely to indicate my intention to support
this bill in precisely the shape in which it now
stands. I do not mean to assert that the bill in
every feature meets my entire approbation, not
having examined it particularly. But the general
features of the bill—the leading objects and main
provisions contained in it, I shall support, not be-
cause similar grants have been asked for and made
to other States, but because I believe the true poli-
cy of the Government with regard to the public
lands will be carried out by the adoption of the
provisions therein contained. I hold that it is
perfectly susceptible of demonstration that the true
interest—the pecuniary advantage, if you please—
of this Government would be promoted thereby, as
would the happiness and prosperity of its individ-
ual citizens. .
Mr. Chairman, there was a time when Ohio—
not then so rich as she is now>—clamored loudly
and ceaselessly in these Halls for grants of public
lands to make railroads—to make canals and other
improvements. She worried the Government until i
she obtained the grant of Congress for tracks of
as fine land as this Government ever owned, She
applied it to purposes of improvement, and put
the money derived therefrom into her treasury.
She continued to press her claims to the full extent
of her power, and continued to get land from the
Government until there was no longer any public
lands within her borders. Then comes up Mis-
souri, young and poor now, as Olno was then,
and asks for about one third as much public land
as Ohio has received, for a similar object; and
Ohio, if correctly represented here, starts up and
demands that justice shall be done—that all the ;
States shall receive an equal share. Now, n these j
notions had prevailed at the time 
Mr. SWEETSER, (interrupting.) The gen-
tleman entirely misunderstands me. Ohio is not
and has not been here, through any represen tative,
asking that the public domain shall be given to
corporations within the State. She never asked
any such boon from Congress or the Government;
she asked for public land to aid m improvements
which had already been projected, which she con-
structed herself, and which she now owns, bhe
has not asked aid for any corporation.
Mr. BISSELL, (resuming.) No, sir, she asked
for herself, just as Missouri does. Does that
chance the case? She asked for herself and she
obtained for herself, just as Missouri now asks for
herself, and, by the justice of this House, I trust,
will obtain for herself. When Ohio had secuied
the land, she made such disposition of it as she
deemed best for herself-just as Missouri wall do,
and iust as this Congress or any other power has
no right to prevent her or Ohio from doing.
A "Member: That was granted for a specific
object.
Mr. BISSELL.
So is this asked for a specific
object—to be invested as the State deems best for
its own interest. Is the gentleman not willing
that Missouri shall take care of herself? Does he
want to provide, by a law of Congress, that Mis-
souri shall dispose of her own in a particular
way, when Ohio did what she pleased with hers ?
If she has chosen since, or shall choose hereafter,
to sell or give away any of the improvements
made by the land she got from Congress, may she
not do it ? Has she not the jiower? Well, then,
is it not perfectly idle to say that there ought to be
some provision made by law that the land to be
given to Missouri shall be invested in a particular
manner—that the work proposed shall be made by
her as a State ? Would she not, the very moment
it was completed, be at liberty to giveit away, or
sell it ? Why not, then, leave her at liberty to dis-
pose of the land to a company chartered to build
the work,.or to build the work herself? Why
not give her full power from the first, as she will
of course possess over the work after it is com-
pleted ?
I hold that every State may be safely intrusted
with its own affairs. The gentleman wants a sys-
tem which shall be just and equitable to all classes
and to all portions of the Union, and therefore lie
will oppose this bill, and will support the bill in-
troduced by the gentleman from 'Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson".] So shall I support that bill. Will
that bill be just to all classes? Let us see. That
proposes, if 1 recollect aright, to give to each settler
a certain amount of land, perhaps one hundred
and sixty acres, on condition he will reside on and
cultivate it. I ask if it is just to merchants and
manufacturers? Does it give as equal advantages
to operatives in New England, New York, and
elsewhere, as it does to the agricultural classes ill
the West? Not at all. In the nature of things
they cannot avail themselves of it. Does it hold out
any advantage to the blacksmith, cooper, or shoe-
maker pursuing his business—the only business in
which it is competent for him to obtain a livelihood.
None at all. It is the agricultural class, and that
alone that will derive a'ny advantage from the bill
introduced by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Johnson.] The friends of the bill say, sup-
port it, because it is just to all classes of the peo-
ple; but it seems to me reasonable to oppose the
bill, because it is partial. I do not design at pres-
ent to say anything more; but upon some subse-
quent occasion more favorable than the present
one, I will again express my opinions more at
length.
Mr. SEYMOUR called for the reading of the
eighth resolution; and it was read.
Mr. S. yielded the floor to
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, on whose mo-
tion the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the President's message under con-
sideration, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. Abraham P. Stf.vens, of New York, ap-
peared, was sworn in, and took Ins seat.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Mr. HOUSTON said that it was important that
the Executive messages on the Speaker's table
should he referred and printed. He hoped that
the House would consent to their presentation.
The SPE A.KER, by unanimous consent, laid be-
fore the Iiousea communication from theSecretary
of State, agreeably to the act of Congress of March
28 1796, covering a statement showing the num-
ber of seamen registered in the several collection
districts of the United States during the year end-
in<* 30th of June, 1851; which, on motion of Mr.
Houston, was ordered to lie on the table and,
printed.
FORTIFICATIONS—JURISDICTION OF THE
MILITARY COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
report of the Secretary of War on the subject of
fortifications, preparedm answer to a resolution of
theHouse of Representatives of March 3d, lSol.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the report be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, did not think that
the "-entleman from Illinois had proposed the proper
reference. He supposed that the report was upon
the subject of the defences, and as such the Com-
mittec on Commerce had nothing to do with it.
Mr. BURT. I understand that that report re-
lates not merely to the continuance of fortifica-
tions, but to the beginning of a system of fortifi-
cations, which may materially modify that' now
existing in the United States. It is known to the
House, and indeed the rules of the House ex-
pressly prescribe, that all propositions for fortifi-
cations, whether to authorize or reject them in any
way whatever, are proper subjects for the con-
sideration of the Committee on Military Affairs.
I do not see my honorable friend from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] who introduced a re-
solution to which this report is in answer. He
intimated to me that he might move to refer the
report to a select committee. I can see no sort of
propriety in that reference. There certainly is
none in referring the report to the Committee on
Commerce. It is a matter which properly belongs
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and I trust
the House will not give it the direction of any
other committee, unless some special cause be as-
signed. If that committee be a fit one for the
duties which are .devolved upon it by the rules of
the House, it is a special act for its consideration.
If the Committee on Military Affairs know any-
thing of military subjects, they should know some-
thing of the system of fortifications. I am satis-
fied that that committee does not entertain any
hostility to fortifications, and that it does not en-
tertain any views that are adverse to the known
views of the Administration or Department of
War, and that it will be disposed to carry out, as
far as may be consistent with its own views of
good policy, any recommendation or suggestion
of that Department. I trust the report will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope that
the direction which the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Co\tgm\n,] not now in his seat,
desired the report should take may be given to it,
and that it may go to a select committee, for the
reasons afforded by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, that that committee did not
entertain any hostility to the system of fortifica-
tions, and are willing to carry out the views of
the Administration or Department in that particu-
lar.
Mr. BURT. If they are proper.
Mr. MARSHALL. _ The system of fortifica-
tions, or rather appropriations for the continuance
of the system of fortifications, came, I supposed,
from the Committee on Military Aftairs at the last
Congress, but it did not meet the approval of the
House of Representatives. The fortification bill
was defeated in theHouse. The Congress of the
United States indicated its determination, by its
defeat, to put an end to the system. 1 do not
! know how the gentleman from North Carolina
1 [Mr. Ci.ingman] happened to call for this expose
from the Department, but I suppose that the re-
port lying upon your table is an additional piea,
upon the part of the Engineer Corps, for the con-
tinuance of the system in the old mode, or under
some modification. I take it, if the Congress of
the United States meant anything last year by the
vote they gave on the subject, they meant this, that
they ought not to throw this matter upon the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, whose appropriations
for fortifications in the last Congress were killed,
and they ought not to trust this document from
the Department to their keeping, but give it a spe-
cial direction.
Mr. BURT. If my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] will allow me, I beg to say to
him, that the bill on the subject of fortifications
which was defeated the last session of Congress
in this House, did not come from the Committee,
on Military Affairs, but from the Committee of
Ways and Means. It was a bill to continue forti-
fications that had been commenced, and to make
repairs upon those which had been completed. I
hope my friend will allow me to say, that he has
misconceived my remarks m relation to the policy
of the Administration or the Department of War.
What I did say, or certainly what I intended to
say, was, that the Committee on Military Affairs
have no hostility to any views of the Administra-
tion that are known, which they deem consistent
with good policy. That committee will give to
all recommendations of theW^ar Department a free,
candid, just, and impartial consideration.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have no recollection o,
the facts, and I stand corrected as to the fact that
this fortification bill, which was defeated m the
last Congress, may have come from the Commit-
tee of "Ways and Means. " I supposed, as a matter
