18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec, ! I ,
of duty, that the Committee on Military Affairs,
if it was an act especially under their cognizance,
had transferred it. If they did not have the re-
sponsibility of it, it is the very best argument to
show why they should notv have no business with
it; and as a matter of course it would lay the axe
at the root of the claim which they set up here
why it should be transferred to them, as a matter
coming within their peculiar cognizance. I do not
know -what the views of the Administration are
about fortifications, nor do I care; but I know
what my own views are. I know what the views
. of the last Congress were upon it, and I am acting
in'continuance of those views. The Military
Committee having their attention engaged, per-
haps, exclusively in regard to the army—in re-
gard to the defence of our southwestern frontier—
the Pacific frontier—in regard to the transportation
of the army—in regard to those bills winch neces-
sarily fall within their cognizance—will have a
busy time of it—t*>o busy a time of it to pass upon
the policy of continuing or modifying this system |
of fortifications. I have no particular interest m 1
this matter. Thegentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Cmnoman,] to whose resolution this report
is a reply, remarked to me yesterday, that he had
a strong desire that this nntter should go to a se-
lect committee. Not finding him in his seat, as a
matter of courtesy to him. I move its reference to
a select committee.
Mr. CARTTER. I hope the subject will take
the direction desired by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. [Mr. Marshall.] I hope it may, under
the indication of the House, that the^systemof
appropriations for useless fortifications raay termi-
nate. It is true that the subject is in the preroga-
tive of the Committee on Jviilitarv Affairs, as I
understand it. It is equally true that, as a stand-
ing committee, they are in the habit of carrying
out the recommendations of the Department.
Having been upon that committee for two years,
I understand its practice. The Committee of
"Ways and Means took charge of the subject at
the last session, followed out the appropriation
recommended by the President, and then the
House took charge and pinned it to the wall.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means at the last Congress took charge
of no proposition, 1 believe, c onnected with appio-
priatioiH or fortifications which was not reterred
to that committee. The estimates submitted by
the War Department, through the Treasury De-
partment, for the support and continuance of forti-
fications, were referred to that committee. The
Committee of "Ways and Means, in pursuance of
these estimates, reported a bill making appropria-
tions for the continuance and maintenance of such
foitifioations ns ihev thought should be established,
and wlu-n that bill came here there were one or
two of die members of the Committee of Ways
and Mo;ms whorooperntod with those who thought
the system was a bad one and should be stopped,
and they exerted themselves to defeat the bill.
This is a different proposition. We will again
have the estimates for fortifications when we get
the other estimates, and thev of course will go to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
If f have any knowledge of what this report is,
it is, as to the continuance or discontinuance of :
some fortifications, or the establishment of others !
upon a different basis from that now prevailing.
If so, it goes legitimately and properly, under the
rules of the House, to the standing Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. CAltTTER. J am glad to hear a response
that the Committee of Ways and Means had
charge of appropriations for fortifications. It was
a new duty which they had fathered.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman misunderstood i
me, and L wish to correct him. I say that the |
Committee of Ways and Means at the last Con- 1
gress had the estimates for fortifications referred ,
to them. In pursuance of that reference and those '
estimates, in the discharge of their duty they re- 1
ported a bill to the House. This is upon a differ- !
ent subject altogether. !
Mr. 'CARTTER. I understood the gentleman !
as I do now—that the Committee of Ways and !
Means had in charge the subject now proposed to i
be referred; that they had in charge certain appro- j
priations reconv-nended to them by the Depart- ;
ment, a part of which they adopted and a part re-;
jected. The gentleman remarks again—what we I
are all informed of—that this is a special communi-;
cation from the President, under a resolution of
the House, designed to test the necessity of the
continuation of fortifications, and the character of
these fortifications. The fact that this communi-
cation is called out by special resolution, and the
fact that it is a special communication to this
House, proposing new measures in reference to
fortifications, argues the propriety of committing
the whole subject to a select committee. I do not
wish to discuss this matter at all; but I am anx-
ious to have that communication go to a special
committee for the reason that I beheve.it will re-
ceive the attention that a special committee will
give it, unprejudged by the recommendation of the
Department; unprejudged by the habit of q stand-
; ing committee in responding to the recommenda-
: tions of the Department. It is under the convic-
tion that a special committee will put an end to
the whole system; will reflect the will of the na-
tion as it was reflected in the last Congress in
reference to the subject, that I desire the reference
of the subject to a select committee. The last
Congress refused to give anything for fortifications.
If this Congress is wise, it will also so refuse, and
put1 an end to this drain upon the Treasury, with-
out any benefit to the country. We have learned
the important fact, that when a man wants to be
shot at he does not conceal himself behind a for-
tification. [Laughter.] I hope the bill may be
referred to a special committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. A single word.
The 91st rule prescribes that " it shall be the duty
of the Committee on Military Affairs to take into
consideration all subjects relating to the military
establishment and public defence which may be
referred to them by the House, and to report their
opinion thereupon; and also to report, from time
to time, such measure^ as may contribute to econ-
omy and accountability in the said establishment."
Mr. CARTTER. Wiil the gentleman permit
me to make a single inquiry?
Mr. JONES. Certainly.
Mr. CARTTER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] rdtid that rule for the pur-
pose of convincing this House that they have not
the power of committing this subject to a special
committee?
Mr. JONES. Not at all. I read that rule for
the purpose of letting the gentleman from Ohio
{Mr. Cartter] and this House see what is the
proper duty of theCommittee on Military Affairs;
and that this report, now before the House from
the War Department, is one of the legitimate du-
ties of that committee. If 1 understand the ob-
ject of the gentleman from Ohio, in having this
special committee raised, and this report referred
to it, if you follow the parliamentary rule in or-
ganizing that committee, his object will be defeated.
The standing committees of this House arc organ-
ized upon broad national principles, in view of the
subjects which shall be legitimately referred to
them, and which have claims to their considera-
tion. This subject is one of that character. It is
proposed to refer it, however, to a special com-
mittee.
The report, we are told, proposes to modify in
some degree the system of fortifications, estab-
lish a nesv system, and discontinue the old one.
What will be the rule which should govern you
in the appointment of that special committee? It
will be to give this report into the hands of a favor-
able committee—to commit the child to its friends;
and then, perhaps, you may expect, instead of an
adverse report, a favorable one. If a special com-
mittee should be organized upon this principle, and
in pursuance of the common law which governs
all deliberative and legislative bodies, then I say
thegentleman from Ohio is not acting in such a
mauSftr as to secure his object, arid procure the
kind of report which I should think he was desir-
ous of securing from las remarks. I think, there-
fore, that it is right and proper that this report
should go to the standing Committee on Military
Affairs, and not to a select committee. If the du-
ties and business assigned to these committees are
to be token from them and referred to special com-
mittees, we had better at once abolish all rules re-
quiring their appointment; and whenever a subject
has to be referred, send it to a special committee.
I will go as far as the gentleman from Ohio, orany
other gentleman upon this floor, in arresting not
only appropriations for fortifications, but any
other unnecessary, extravagant, and wasteful *tp-
propriations. "j
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand that in my
absence, which has been but a few moments, a
motion has been made by my friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] to refer this subject to a
select committee. There was some little conver-^
sation between us on yesterday, and we both came
to the conclusion that it would be the proper
course. I will briefly state the reasons which op-
erated upon my mind for making that suggestion
to him. It will be recollected that at the last sevs-
sion the House rejected the fortification bill. The
object of those, no doubt, who rejected it was not
to refuse absolutely atl appropriations for fortifi-
cations, but to obtain a change in the existing
system. The bill was rejected, notwithstanding
it received the sanction of the standing committee
of this House. The Military Committee sanc-
tioned the bill, and the chairman desired its pas-
sage.
Mr. BURT. I merely desire to say to my
friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Clinomajt,]
that the Committee on Military Affairs never saw
that bill until it was reported to the House. It
was a bill which my friend will remember was
reported, under the rules of the House, by the
Committee of Ways and Means. We had noth-
ing to do with it, and we did not see it,'and some
of the committee opposed it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will ask the gentleman
if he did not urge the House to pass the bilP
Mr. BURT. Not at all. The gentleman isto-
tally at fault. I believe that I made the first assault
upon the fortification bill at a prior session of the
last Congress. I think I was not in the House
when it was voted upon at the last session of
Congress.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no doubt the gen-
tleman attacked the bill two or three years ago.
The system has been attacked again and again.
My impression was that the gentleman at the last
sessfon of Congress desired its passage; but I may
be wrong in that. The object of the House in de-
feating that bill, was to change the system and sub-
stitute a new one, less extensive. "That bill, or a
similar bill, has regularly received the sanction of
the House for many years past. It is known to
those who have looked into the subject, that in 1816
a system of fortifications was adopted. That sys-
tem proposed that one hundred and fifty seven forts
should be built. Congress has gone on, from year
to year, making appropriations. Up to this time
fifty or sixty forts have been completed, or are in
progress. More than one hundred have yet to be
touched. We have gone on in this way, making
appropriations from year to year; but a feeling
prevailed in this House and in the country, that
a change had taken place in the art of war—a
great change, in the last few years, in the condi-
tion and strength of the country, which did not re-
quire a system of fortifications so extensive as this.
Upon these grounds the House rejected the bill,
and these resolutions were offered, therefore, with
a view of retrenching the existing system. I un-
derstand—for I have had occasion to get some
knowledge of that report since it came in two or
three days since—that the Secretary recommends
important changes in the system of fortifications,
against the advice of the Corps of Engineers. He
recommends that a large portion of the forts they
propose to complete, shall be abandoned. Now
I do not see how the Military Committee should
have charge of this subject exclusively. It may
be as well referred to a naval as a military officer,
and in fact, the Secretary has furnished the opin-
ions of naval men upon the subject. If theobject
is to defend our sea-coast mainly against naval
attacks, the Naval Committee might just as well
claim it.
The ground upon which I maintain that a special
committee is proper is, that there is to be an entire
change of the system, if the policy adopted at the
lest session of Congress is to be carried out. I
have great respect and confidence for the Military
Committee of this House as well as the Committee
of Ways and Means. I know that the chairmen
of these committees, to whom this subject has been
heretofore referred, have regularly sanctioned the
recommendations of the Engineer Department. I
do not s'ay that the gentleman did sanction it as
chairman of his committee. Itis a matter of com-
plaint with many Army officers that we have been
making appropriations for twenty or thirty years
to finish forts; and we have had a large number of
men superintending these works and receiving
