1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
salaries, but the works are never finished. What
I desire is, that we may go 011 and finish the
works necessary. Tlie Secretary states that about
$16,000,000 have been appropriated to existingfor-
tifieations—to tiiose which have been built or are
now in progress; arid that the sum of five or six
millions of dollars will complete them; and that it
will take at least $20,000,000, perhaps more than
that sum, to finish the other one hundred that are
proposed to be built. I will say this to the House,
that originally they classified the forts proposed to
be built into six classes; whenthey had completed j
those in the first and second classes, the third was I
put in progress. Those forts are of the most im- j
portant character, and necessary to the defence of j
points of importance on the sea-coast, as they pro- \
tect a vast amount of property in our large cities. |
I rather think that Boston and New York are now ]
pretty well fortified. Philadelphia, Baltimore, and ;
Charleston, and other points, need something fur- !
ther. The works now in progress will enable us j
to protect these cities against attacks where there
is a large amount of property invested, but no one
supposes that every inlet into which a steamer can !
run shall be defended. 1 will here make another j
suggestion to the House: It will require an army
of sixty-five thousand men, according to the esti-
mate, to man these fortifications; and that is a i
larger army than we have ever had. If you do ,
not put troops there, the enemy will attack and j
seize upon some of those fortifications. I consider 1
the movement a judicious one in which to review
the_ whole system—to finish promptly the forts
which are already begun, and ,to abandon those
which may be deemed unnecessaiy.
There are some other suggestions connected with
the report of the Secretary which I do not desire
to dwell upon now. I do not desire to have con-
trol of this question; my only desire is that the
subject may receive that direction which will in-
sure something being done. It was the business of
the Military Committee, charged with the defence
of the country, to have brought 111 recommenda-
tions for retrenchments, but, either from supine-
ness or some other cause, they failed to do it.
That may well justify the House in confiding the
subject to a special committee. I hope the House
will act upon the suggestion of my friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] and refer the sub-
ject to a select committee, who will make that
their special business—examine the large volumin-
ous documents—bring in a report, so that we may
see what ought to be done.
Mr. CARTTER. After this disclosure of pur-
pose of the gentleman, and after the development
of the contents of the budget that is proposed to
be submitted, in justice to my own views, I am
under the necessity of backing out of the propo-
sition to refer the matter to a special committee.
[Laughter.] I am satisfied that t he honorable mem-
ber from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] mis-
apprehended the direction of the sentiment of the
last Congress. If I understood it, it was an un-
yielding sentiment. Just stop there with this plun-
der, and not patch up a new system; but it
appears that the Department lias gone to work,
under the resolution of the honorable gentleman, j
to propose a new one. There is no new system of i
public expenditure that can be proposed by this i
Government that will not swallow up more than i
the flanks of the old one. j
Mr. CLINGJMAN. My remarks may have :
done injustice to the Secretary. I will state this:
that the original plan adopted in 1816 was a very
extensive one. The Secretary recommended that
a large number of these forts be abandoned, and i
leaves it to Congress to say whether they shall j
finish those m progress or not. I do not wish it j
to be understood that we should have any new j
system. The only question is, whether we shall I
abandon the old system partially or entirely. * !
Mr. CARTTER. If there is in this projected ]
reformation a new system of fortifications, I am ;
opposed to organizing: a select committee for that !
purpose. If I understood the sentiment of the last j
House of Representatives it was to close the gates '
upon this useless expenditure. That is the only j
method of getting rid of it: that is the only senti- j
ment which I would sanction. I had no idea at ,
that time, that a Phoenix was to rise from the ashes :
of the dead. If I understood the action of the last |
Congress, it was, upon the sub ject of fortifications, j
a finality—a totality. [Laughter.] i
Mr. BURT. Mr. Speaker, it is proper that I |j
should say a few words in relation to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I cannot comprehend
how that gentleman [Mr. Clingman] and the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] could
have been brought to think that the Committee on
Military Affairs had charge of the fortification bill
at the last session, or were in favor of it. The
misapprehension may have arisen from the fact
that I felt it my duty to defend the estimates of
appropriations that were made for the Army—a bill,
too, which was reported to this House by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and a bill with
which the Committee on Military Affairs had
nothing whatever to do. Feeling it to be my duty
to defend a bill containing estimates for the Army
wiuchl deemed indispensable for the service, I did
not hesitate to do so, while gentlemen who sat
upon that side of the House assailed that bill with
great fierceness, and with unfortunate success. I
stated, what this House will very soon see is true,
that a demand would be made this session of Con-
gress for supplying the deficiencies of that service,
which were caused by sti iking out some of the j
items in the bill reported by the Committee of!
Ways and Means. Very large deficiencies have j
arisen, and the House will be called upon to sup- j
ply them. j
I do not understand what the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] means, when he
speaks of the supmene§s 'of the Military Commit-
tee preventing it from discharging its duties.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I believe, Mr. Speaker,
that my remark was this: that the Committee on j
Military Affairs, whose business it was, and who j
claim it as their appropriate duty to look into the j
appropriations for these military fortifications, I
from supineness, or some other caase, (what it is j
the gentleman has not yet explained,) failed to \
make any movement in favor of retrenchmentj
whatever during the whole two years. !
Mr. BURT. Now, the gentleman from North \
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] is quite as unfortunate
in his phraseology as before. And, sir, I am to
be understood as speak fag, not with reference to
myself, but in justice to that committee. The
Committee on Military Affairs of the first session
of the last Congress—I believe at their very first
meeting—with unanimity determined to retrench
very materially the expenses of the organization
of the Army. The gentleman from North Caro-
lina will remember that a Whig Secretary of War
was then at the head of the Department, as there
is now. It was deemed a matter of courtesy to
that gentleman, and of common decency to the
committee and the country, that the Secretary of
War should be called upon to aid the Committee
on Military Affairs in their work of retrenchment.
He was called upon, but the aid was ncSver ren-
dered. We all know, who were members of that
Congress, and the whole country knows, that the
deliberations of both Houses of Congress very soon
became engrossed by very exciting subjects. It
was almost impossible to enforce upon the atten-
tion of either House of Congress any matter of
ordinary legislation; and we were thwarted—I will
not say by the supineness of the Secretary of
War, or by the negligence 
Mr. CLTNG-MAN, (interrupting.) If the com-
mittee desired retrenchment, why did they not
brimr in a report to that effect5
Mr. BURT. The gentleman from North Car-
olina will see that any intelligent report to retrench
such an immense establishment as the Army of ;
the United States, or even the fortifications of the !
United States, which he has shown to be so very j
large; or the man who would strike with mtelh- i
gence and discernment at that system, would re- i
quire great labor and research. I say he can- '
not do it intelligently without the aid of the War \
Department. We may apply the knife, but we j
are just as apt to strike an artery as an unsound |
limb; and I would like to see, sir, from the dis- j
closure the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. ;
Clingman] has made, how he, at the head of a>
select committee, would be able to dispatch so soon !
the Herculean labor proposed in the report of the j
Secretary of War. 1 have no doubt he can do it. I
I have no doubt of his industry and energy; and
I suppose the work would not be delayed by his |
supineness. I should like to see it; but, sir, if ]
this subject is to be referred to a select committee, ,
I ask of this House that the whole subject of the
Army be referred to that committee. And I would
like to see the gentleman from North Carolina ;
[Mr. Clingman] at the head of that committee*
I trust he is much better prepared for these* mili-
tary duties than are the members of the Committee
on Military Affairs, and that he will perform then?
with great discretion- and intelligence, and that the
country will be immensely benefited by the result
of his labors. I shall be glad to hear of it,
Mr. CLINGMAN. It was my purpose, in the
event of the approval by the House of a select
committee, that it should be given to some mili-
tary gentleman like my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] who "has been in service. I am
but a civilian. I did not wish to have the charge
of it, because there were others here more compe-
tent than myself to discharge the duties.
Mr. BURT. Mr. Speaker, I am sure that^the
gentleman would do it justice. I think it unfortu-
nate that the gentleman from North Carolina did
not suggest to you, when you were appointing"
the committees of this House, that there were
gentlemen in the House who could perform these
duties so admirably. I am sure the country would
have been indebted to him for the suggestion
which would conduce to such immense retrench-
ment. Now, upon the subject of retrenchment, it
is needless to say how far I have gone. I fear I
have sometimes gone too far. I can say, with a
clean breast, that I have never supported any-
thing which I considered an abuse; and I would
be willing to compare notes upon that point of
economy even with my friend from North Caro-
lina—even with him. But, Mr. Speaker, it is not
to be disguised—as I have had the honor to say
upon this subject heretofore to-day—that there are
numerous abuses in the Army, affording immense
work for the knife of retrenchment; and I would
like to see that instrument used, even by the skill-
ful hand of my friend from Kentucky, or any
other gentleman who would wield it wisely and
effectively. I have tried to rea^h it. 1 would have
done it, had I got the aid necessary to success at
the fust session of the last Congress. Every one
knows that nothing could be done at the last ses-
sion of Congress, as it was too short. No sys-
tem could be matured. I have, in the Committee
on Military Affairs, day after day, opposed appli-
cations for new fortifications. I have complained
of the corps of engineers—one of the most admir-
able corps, however, m the world. I have com-
plained that they have not made their recom-
mendations for new fortifications with a proper
discernment. I have, upon that ground, opposed
many applications for new fortifications, that they
were intended for the purpose of mere local ex-
penditure, without regard to the great interests of
the country.
I have endeavored to conceive some plan—for we
can have no system of fortifications in the United
States upon our immense sea-coast—by which the
most important points of our coast would be de-
fended. No man who has looked at the extent of
our coast can suppose that every desirable point
upon it may be defended by fortifications. It is
impossible. And while I am utterly uninformed
of the suggestions of the report upon your table,
f confess," sir, I have great curiosity to hear them.
I hope the Secretary of War may have suggested
something that will enable us to improve entirely
our plan of fortifying our coast. We can have
no connected system of fortifications, such as pre-
vails in many countries of Kurope. In my opin-
ion they are unnecessary here. I know that very
many of these fortifications have been sought as
the mere means of expending money in certain
localities of our country. I hope all such abuses,
as I conceive these to be, will be cut off by this
report of the Secretary of War; and what the
report is, I repeat, I am wholly uninformed. Of
course, Mr. Speaker, the House will do me the
justice to understand that I have no desire to
increase my own labors, or those of the commit-
tee of which I am a member: but, sir, you know,
as does every old member of Congress well un-
derstand, that a subject is not referred to a select
committee unless there he some special reason for
it, such as the idea that the measure will not
receive a candid and just consideration, from the
standing committee of the House: and if this
House are of the opinion that the Committee on
Military Affairs, which has been so leeently ap-
pointed, will not bestow such consideration upon
this report, I beg them to refer it to such commit-
tee as will. If there be no such imagination upon
the part of this House, I repeat that I cannot see
