1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20.
pasture his cattle, and to cut his wood, on the
land that was common when his lease was grant-
ed. Now, a question of that sort might arise un-
der this section of the bill. A company is char-
tered; a bill is passed giving them the right of
way; the company does not go into operation; in
the mean time the lands are sold. Now, has that
chartered company a right of way through the
land that has been sold subsequent to the passage
of the act, and which may have been surveyed
for the railroad track ? It is a grave question of
law, what rights this first section does give to a
company which is chartered, and has not gone
into operation.
Mr. COBB. I hare no objection at all to the
amendment proposed by the honorable gentleman
from New York, so far as it proposes to extend
the time to ten years from and after the passage
of this bill. But I see that the morning hour has
nearly expired, and with a view of keeping the
bill before the House, "I move that it be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands. I trust
that the House will be prepared to vote upon the
bill to-morrow morning, and dispose of it in one
way or the other.
Mr. MEADE. I rise for the purpose of sug-
gesting that this bill should be committed to the
Committee on the Judiciary. The bill seems to
involve questions of law, which should be con-
sidered more maturely than we are in the habit of
considering bills that are sprung upon us in the
House; and I therefore think that it should be
committed to the Committee on the Judiciary. If
it is in order, I will submit a motion for that pur-
pose.
Mr. COBB. I cannot yield the floor for any
motion. I have moved to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Public Lands, and on that mo-
tion I call for the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER, It has.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I desire to offer a res-
olution to terminate debate in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on House bill
No. 87, " making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1853."
The SPEAKER. That resolution is not in or-
der, as the bill has not been considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have drawn up the reso-
lution in such a way as to make it, I think, legit-
imate and proper. My resolution is that the de-
bate shall close after the discussion has been con-
tinued for a certain length offline.
The SPEA KER. The House has decided such
a resolution to be out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then 1 move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. IIENN. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion, and allow us to go to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table for an hour or two. I
have no objection to going into committee after
that time; Imt let us, at least, devote one hour to-
day to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. St. MARTIN. Is it in order to move to
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER, (t will be in order to do so
if the House votes down the motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to, on a division
—ayes 86, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Phelps in the chair.)
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 87, " making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academv for the year ending
the 30th of Jnne, 1853."
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
taken up for consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no unusual appro-
priation in this bill. On the contrary, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have reduced some of
die items. As I desire, if possible, to take up,
;o-day, the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
which is the important bill of the session, I hope
the committee will allow this bill to be passed upon
without any general debate, and let us take up the
civil and diplomatic bill immediately.
' [Cries of " Agreed!" " Agreed!"]
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. OLDS. Mr. Chairman, I expect to make
upon this occasion what is called a political
speech; but I do not propose to eulogize the Dem-
ocratic, candidate for the Presidency, nor to de-
tract from the merits of the Whig candidate.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. OLDS. I hope this will not be taken out
of my hour ? '
Mr. STANLY. I wish to know of the dom-
inant party in this House whether, at this late
period in the session, they are willing to allow this
general debate upon the appropriation bills. I am
willing to submit to whatever the committee may
decide. If they decide to allow this irrelevant
and rambling debate to go on, let the responsibil-
ity rest upon the party which has a large major-
ity in this House.
I raise the question that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Olds] is out of order, upon the ground
that he is discussing the presidential question upon
the Military Academy appropriation bill. I raise
the question, and whatever the committee may
decide, I will agree to.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that in accordance with the general practice of
the House, general discussion may be permitted
to go on. He therefore overrules the point of
order raised by the gentleman from North Carolina,
and decides that the gentleman from Ohio is in
order.
Mr. STANLY. I take an appeal from that
decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
in accordance with the general practice of the
House, in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, the gentleman from Ohio is m order
in discussing the presidential question. From
this decision the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Stanly] takes an appeal. The question is
now, therefore, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. CHANDLER. Before the question is put,
I desire to appeal to the gentleman from Ohio, in-
asmuch as he designs to publish that part of his
speech which he does not speak, in the newspa-
pers, not to speak any part of it, and publish it all
m the newspapers.
Mr. OLDS. I am afraid it would not have the
same effect upon the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think it will have the
same effect.
Mr. GOODENOW demanded tellers upon the
appeal; which were ordered; and Messrs. Stanly
and Polk were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—aye3 75, noes 39; no quorum voting.
Mr. OLDS. I ask for a recount.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. We lind almost every day,
that we do not have a quorum present by one
o'clock. I ask that the roll may he called.
Mr. SMARTi hope we shall have the unan-
imous consent of the committee for a recount. I
think a quorum is present.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only he done by
unanimous consent, and the Chair hears objec-
tions on all sides.
The roll was then called.
Pending the call of the roll, Mr. Bric-gs stated
that he was not within the bar when his name was
called, but asked that his name might be recorded
as present.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe, according to the
practice of the House, it is permitted in a call of
the House, for a member to record his name upon
the Journal, whether he was in the House when
ms name was called or not; but as the rules have
been universally administered, they have no such
right in Committee of the Whole, upon a call of
the roll. 1
The CHAIRMAN". The practice in "commit-
tee, as the Chair understands it, has been differ-
ent. The names of gentlemen have been recorded
since the adoption of the rule when they have
asked it.
Mr. JONES, of Tenne*ee. I think the Chair
is misinformed in relation to thismatter. I believe
the first time the roll was ever called, under this
rule, I was in the post office when my name was
called, and came in here a moment after, and asked
that my name should be recorded. The Speaker
decided, however, that it could not be recorded.
• The committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Phelps)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 87, makmgappropriations
for thesupport of the Military Academy, had found
themselves without a quorum, and had directed
him to report that fact to the House, with the names
of the absentees.
A quorum being now present, the committee
resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon sus-
taining the decision of the Chair that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Olds] was in order in dis-
cussing the presidential question upon an appro-
priation bill. The tellers, Messrs. Stanly and
Polk, will resume their places.
The question was then again put, and the tellers
reported—ayes 94, noes 37.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained by
, the committee.
; Mr. STANLY. I call the attention of the com-
j mittee to the fact that only ten Whigs voted in the
| affirmative.
Mr. OLDS then proceeded with his remarks,
| and referred at length to the opinions of General
i Scott on Native Americanism. He also spoke of
the various questions in issue between the Whig
and Democratic parties. [His speech is published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. BELL then obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee an hour in reply to his col-
j league, [Mr. Olds,] in regard to the presidential
I candidates. He alluded to the great public services
of General Scott, and commended his fitness for
the Presidency. [His remarks will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am anxious to get through
this bill to-day. I hope the committee will dispose
of it without further debate. If they will not, I
shall be under the necessity of moving that the
i committee rise, that we may pass a resolution in
! the House closing debate.
! [Cries of " Agreed !" "Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
! Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I Suppose,
| from what has transpired in committee this morn-
j ing, that there will be little, if any, debate upon
I the bill itself. Nothing has been said in reference
to the merits of the bill as yet; and as there are
other important bills upon the table—one in par-
ticular, the bill for the improvement of rivers and
\ harbors—which I desire to take up, I hope that
| thecommitteewillconsentthatthisbill be reported,
so that the other may be taken up and discussed.
| Mr. HOUSTON. There are some two or three
| amendments which I wish to offer to the bill now
i under consideration. I will proceed to offer them
: now, relying upon the suggestion that there will
! be no more general debate upon it.
j The CHAIRMAN. The hill will now be read
in detail, and each clause will be considered as a
j section.
The following section was then reg.d by the
! Clerk:
" For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and musicians,
, : Provided, That hereafter, in lieu of the pay proper,
lations of eveiy description, forage, servants, and all cnlier
! emoluments or allowances whatever, heretofore received,
j the professors  f engineers, philosophy, mathematics etloc='
i and chemistry, and the commandant of the corps ot cadets,
i shall be entitled to receive &2.0(Ki each per annum, and th *
I professors of drawing and French, $1,500 each per. annum."
, Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the following amend-
j ment to the section just read: strike out" $91,272,"
I and insert in lieu thereof " $80,409." That will
;; make it conform to the recommendation of the
i: Secretary of War.
The question was then taken, and the amentl-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. The proviso in this section
was inserted by the Committee of Ways and
Means, inamendment to a lawof the last Congress.
Upon conferring, however, with some of the pro-
fessors who were here, the committee became sat-
isfied that the law of the last Congress ought to
stand, and they have therefore instructed me to
ask the House to strike out all from the word
" provided" to the end of the section.
Mr. CARTTER. What is the law >
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a law which
changes the compensation of the professors, giving
