80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 12.
why the proper, the legitimate, the fitting duties
of that committee should be delegated to a select
•committee of the House.
Mr. BOCOCK. As my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] is not in, I rise to renew his
<jall for the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. "Will the
gentleman allow me for a moment 
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman, I believe, has
already addressed the House upon this subject;
and with all courtesy and respect to him, I decline
to withdraw my call for the previous question.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I will say to my friend
from Virginia, that the gentlemen from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] was about to withdraw his mo-
tion for a reference to a select committee.
Mr. BOCOCK. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. MARSHALL. I only intend to say, Mr.
Speaker, that my motion to refer this subject to a
select committee, was done as an act of courtesy
to my friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Cltn«-
man'j] who intimated his wish to institute this in-
quiry, and that it was not done by way of leliev-
ing- the Military Committee of what seemed to be
a legitimate part of their duty; and certainly not
with a view of disparaging the ability with which
the chairman of that committee has always dis-
charged his duties.
Mr. GLINGMAN. I beg leave to say, Mr.
Speaker, that I mentioned to the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, my design of ma-
king this motion, and communicated to him the
reasons that governed me. I prefer that it should
be withdrawn. He understood that I was to make
it, and knew my object in doing so.
Mr. BURT. I beg to inform the gentleman from
North Carolina, in his absence this morning 1
felt it my duty to state to the House that he had
intimated to me his purpose of moving for a select
com nuttee.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
feel desirous of prolonging this discussion. I cer-
tainly never dreamed that in making the motion
for the raising of a select committee, it would be
the intention of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Cuxgma.v] to shift the responsibility
upon in}' shoulders. I certainly did not propose
to trespass in the slightest degree upon the man-
agement of the Committee on Military Affairs by
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt.]
I will take this occasion to observe, in reply to the
remarks of the gentleman fiom South Carolina,
touching the deficiency bill, which he promised to
this House—which he has spoken of as being the
consequence of our failure to carry out the esti-
mates as they came from the Department—that
whenever the House of Representatives of this
country, after denying to the Executive Depart-
ment appropriations they have asked from us, are
found consenting to meet those appropriations when
expended, in the shape of a deficiency bill, it will
be time for the representatives of the people to
surrender their powers here, and the sooner they
go back to the bosom of the people the better. I !
take this occasion to say, that for not a dollar of
such deficiencies will I ever vote, and 1 do hope
that the House of Representatives will never be
found ready or willing to vote a dollar. We ap-
died the knife to the Quartermaster's department,
t may be we struck in the dark; but whenever
the Ojmrtermaster's department, or any other de-
partment, undertakes, m the absence of Congress,
after appropriations have been refused, to make
such expenditures, and come here expecting them
in the shape of deficiency bills, then will be the
time to assert our privileges as the representatives
of the people, and the guardians of their Treas-
ury. 1 withdraw my motion.
The report was then referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
OTHER SUBJECTS.
[A message was received from the Senate in-
forming the 'House that that body had elected the
Rev. Mr. Butler as their Chaplain.] I
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Department of the Interior I
•transmitting the report of the Commissioner j
of Pensions, in obedience to the requirements of!
the act of July 10, 1832, comprehending lists of]
the names of the invalids, widows, and orphans,
now on the naval pension roll of the United States;
which wah ordered to he on die table and be
printed.
K
Also, laid before the House-the report of the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, showing
the expenditures out of the contingent fund, and
for stationery, for the year ending 1st December,
1831; which was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed. t
Also, laid before the House a communication
transmitting the acts of the Greek House of Rep-
resentatives, for the sessions of 1848 and 1849,
presented by that body to the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States; which were referred
to the Committee on the Library.
On motion by Mr. MOLONY, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files, for the purpose of ref-
erence to one of the executive departments, the
petition and papers of Mary Stanton, the widow
of Eld ridge Stanton.
On motion by Mr. R1SSELL, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the claims of Antoine Peltier
and Nicholas LaOhancc be taken from tiic files of the
House, and refeired to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it was
Ordered, That when the House adjourns it be till Monday
next.
PROPOSED BOUNTY.
Mr. AIKEN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution; which was
read for information as follows, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee oil Public Lands be in-
stiucted to inquire into the justice and propuety of allowing
bounty land to the Washington Light Infantry, Washington
Volunteers, German Fusilier*, and Hamburg Volunteers, of
South (Jaiohna, who wcie engaged m the Florida war, and
were diechaigod before the expiration of one month trom
the commencement of their tenn of service ; and that the
accompanying papers be and are hereby refoued to said
coinmitt.cc.
Mr. KING, of New York, objected; and the
resolution was' not received.
THE TREASURY ESTIMATES THE DELAY
IN PRINTING.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to
submit a matter to the consideration of the House,
and I will only occupy a few moments time m
doing so. It is known ftint the estimates from the
Treasury Department are required by law to be
laid upon our tables at the meeting of Congress.
Two weeks of the session have now elapsed, and
those estimates are not to be had. I do not under-
take to say, JVIr. Speaker, where the fault is; but
it is very evident that there is a seiious obstruc-
tion to the dispatch of the public business of the.
country, which will require the action of this
House in some staipe or other. 1 had intended
on to-morrow—not supposing the House would
adjourn over until Monday—to move a resolution
upon that subject. I desire now merely to bring
the subject to the attention of the House. On
Monday 1 shall move some resolution, by which
we will be enabled to getat the difficulty, and have
it removed, if possible.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speakei, I wish to say
to the House, that the estimates required by law
have been mthc hands of the public printer of this
House, who holds the public printing by contract
under law, for some time.
Mr. HOUSTON. How Jong >
Mr. BROOKS. I cannot state the exact time,
but for some considerable time. The Secretary
of the Treasury has complied thoroughly with the
requisitions of the law, and -whatever the fault, or
wherever it may be, it certainly is not on his hands.
Nor is it the fault of his department. I do not
understand the gentleman from Alabama as ma-
king any insinuation thai the Secretary of the
Treasury has violated the law. The estimates, I
understand, have to come here printed, and be
laid upon the tables of members; and ao the
Secretary of the Treasury was not the printer, it
was not in his power to do more than to lay the
estimates before the public printer. And if he
has not complied with the requisitions of his con-
tract, the fault is on his hands, and not those of
the Secretary.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not intend to convey
an insinuation against the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; for I could not know, except it might be
privately, where the fault was. In the discharge
of my official duties here, acting in the capacity in
which I am, it is proper for me to bring this sub-
ject before the House. If it be not the fault of the
Secretary of the Treasury—and I do not pretend
to say it is—it is equally a matter that addresses
itself to the sound discretion of the House, for its
prompt action at some early day. I have ac-
complished, Mr. Speaker> all I intended to do to*
day.
On motion by Mr. HALL, the House ad-
journed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
By Mr. HALL : A bill to oiganize Nebraska Territory.
By Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana: A bill ceding to the State of
fndiana all the public lands withm said State.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: A bill to abolish the
office of Commissioner of Public Buildings.
By Mr. MALONY : A bill for the relief of Oris Crosby,
of the State of New York.
By Mr. MASON: A bill topiovide foi the repair and im-
provement of the dam at the head of Cumberland Island in
the Ohio liver.
By Mr. CLARK : A bill to grant land to aid in the con-
struction of the military load from Burlington to Fort Dos
Monies, in the State of Iowa.
Also, a bill making an appropriation for the construction
of a military road Iiom the Mississippi liver to Fort Dodge,
on the Des Moines river.
Mr, HASCALL gave noticeof his intention to introduce
the following bills:
A bill to be entitled " An act concerning invalid pen-
sioners."
A bill to be entitled "An actauthonzing the names of
certain widows of revolutiondiy officers and solriieis to be
placed on the pension list."
Mr. BENNETT gave notice of amotion for leave to in-
troduce the following bills:
A bill to equalize the grants of lands to the several States.
A hill to establish an Agricultural Bureau, and to pro-
mote the inteiests of agriculture.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, aud referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. MILLSON : The petition of Messis. Feiguson
& Milliado, praying that their bond given for duties may be
cancelled.
Also, the petition of Messrs. Williams, Staples & Wil-
liams, for the same object
Also, the petition ol the heirs of Willis Riddick, asking
compensation lot losses sustained in the revolutionary war.
Also, the petition of John G. Wilkinson, praying com-
pensation for his services as Navy pension agent.
By Mi. IIIBBARD : The memorial of J. E. Martin, late
acinic Consul at Lisbon, piaying for compensation for dip-
lomatic s ei vices.
By Mr. CABELL of Florida: The petition of Gdes W.
Ellis, Augustus Steele, and James P. Roan.
By Mr. HALL : The petition of Thomas Ellis, of Platte
county, Mi^ouii, pnuing foi a pension.
By Mr. APPLETONT of Massachusetts: The petition of
Robeit B. Stoier, Picsident of the Boston Marine Society,
and othcis, that the money now in the United StatesTreas-
urj. unclaimed by deceased seamen, as prize money in
public and puvate vessels, and from contributions made by
all seamen of twenty cents per month, be applied to the
fuithcr relief of disabled seamen.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition and memorial of
Chailes Foster, by Stewart Foster, his administrator, for a
claun to indemnity against Mexico.
By Mr. HAMILTON: The petition of John Hanigan,
praying that a pension may be allowed him for injuries re-
ceived in the war of 1812.
Also, the petition of John W. Robinson, piaying that a
pension may be allowed him for injuries leceived m the war
ot1812.
ByMr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania; The resolution of the
grand inquest of the eastern district of Pennsylvania, re-
lating to the deficiency of post-office accommodations in
Philadelphia.
Also, the memorial of the officers of the Navy, relative to
an equality of lank. See.
By Mr. JOHN W. HOWE: The petition of Hugh Smith
and 2o otheis, citizens ol Crawford county, Pennsylvania,
praying Congress to establish a post route from Smith's
Mills, on Little Sugar Creek, via Cochranton,to Whitman's,
on the Susquehanna and Waterford turnpike, m said
county.
ByMr. CHANDLER: The memorial of David D.Poiter,
a lieutenant in the United States Navy, praying foi similar
allowance as was granted to John Hogan, as diplomatic
agent to the island of St. Domingo.
Also, the petition ofL. It. Peal, asking foi compensation
for valuable articles lost byshipwieck while on the Explor-
ing Expedition, arid al--o lor arrears of pay.
By Mi. HEBAR1): The petition of Sarah Smith, widow
of Alba C. Smith, a private in the Mexican war, for a
pension.
By Mr. McNAIR: The petition of sundry citizens of
Delaware county. Pennsylvania, lelative to a modification
of the bounty land act of 28th September, I860.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 12, 1851.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
PETITIONS.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Lydia Ann
Mills, widow of John Mills, deceased, late a boat-
swain in the Navy of the United States, praying
to be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Jacob
Cooper, praying to be allowed the seven years'
half-pay due his father as lieutenant in the
Army of the Revolution; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
