994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
will, perhaps, be as proper a time as any other to
present it. I shall, therefore, move to amend the
amendmentvfirst by striking out " four," and in-
serting1 " five," so as to make the number of Rep-
resentatives two hundred and thirty-five, and then
adding,- at the proper place, "Louisiana shall have
five instead of four Representatives."
The PRESIDENT. The question will first be
on the first part of the amendment to the amend-
ment, striking out " four," and inserting " five."
Mr. DOWNS. The grounds on which this
proposition is made are the following: The two
States having the largest fractions—much the
largest; no other State comes near them—are
South Carolina and Louisiana. South Carolina
has a fraction of forty-seven thousand in round
numbers, and Louisiana forty-six thousand, there
being a difference of about a thousand between
the two. The*po&ition I take is, that if, by any
computation or estimate, or equitable arrange-
ment, you allow California, when the actual re-
turns do not show a fraction so large asLouisiana,
an additional member, you cannot in fairness and
with propriety exclude Louisiana, which has so
large a fraction. This proposition will produce
no further alteration in the arrangement, because
there is no other State which has near so large a
fraction as Louisiana and South Carolina. Ar-
guments have been urged with a great deal of force
aiidpropriety, and will be urged again, that South
Carolina should have the additional member, be-
cause of her fraction. You say she ought to have
it; and everything that is said in support of that
argument applies with equally as much force to
Louisiana; both have large fractions, though one
happens to be a very small amount above the other.
In order to get at what you are aiming, you have to
increase the number, and in principle it is immate-
rial whether you increase it one or two; and if you
do increase it one in order to give South Carolina
and California each an additional member, and re-
fuse to extend one more to Louisiana, which has a
- fraction very little less than South Carolina, you
certainly do great injustice to Louisiana. I would
have assented at any time to the proposition to
give South Carolina and Louisiana each an addi-
tional member, and the two to California, and that
would have done justice to all parties; but cer-
tainly I could not agree, and I hope'the Senate will
not decide, that the difference is so great that they
will allow an additional member to the others, and
refuse it to Louisiana.
There is another reason why it would be more
convenient to increase the number of Representa-
tives two instead of one. According to the appor-
tionment, as it now stands, it is fixed at an odd
number. It is not absolutely necessary, but it
may be convenient, to have an odd number, be-
cause otherwise in au election for President you
might have a tie and no choice. If you make the
number two hundred and thirty-four, there may
be an equal division. At any rate, whatever ob-
jection there may be to increasing the number,
there can be no material objection to increasing it
two any more than one. I'do not propose this out
of over anxiety or solicitude to increase the
strength of my State, but she stands in a very pe-
culiar position; no other State is similarly situated;
and I do not think ample justice can be done to
either of the States concerned, unless the settle-
ment is based upon that principle.
X must repeat again what I stated yesterday,
that Senators, in my opinion, too readily assume
that there are no returns from California. That
is not the fact; there are returns either strictly
official, or as authentic and binding as if they were
official, for every county but one, and there is a
doubt whether that county existed in 1850 or not.
That there are erroneous returns, does not make
them no returns. There are returns. Gentlemen
must not base their argument on the ground that
there are none; the Secretary of the Interior has
sent in returns from all the counties except some
three or four, and the committee have them for
every county except one, the existence of which
in 1850 is doubtful. There are then returns? and
you cannot consider these as a nullity. They do
not amount to a nullity because they are imper-
fect. As has been said, there may have been, and
no doubt are, imperfect returns from other States.
No doubt great errors exist in the returns from
my State, because it happened that when the cen-
sus was taken there were great overflows, and no
doubt the population appeared less then than it
actually is. No doubt errors may be found in
other States; and whenever we find an error shall
We say there is no return at all? I cannot think
so. But 1 say the question is a difficult one; it is
surrounded by difficulties on &11 hands. That a
full population has not been given to California,
we may assume or suppose from all the facts in
the case, but still you cannot say that there are no
returns whatever. Under the difficulties which
surround the case, I think it would be fair all round
to give an additional member to South Carolina,
to Louisiana, and to California. They are all
equally entitled to it; but if you select two, and
leave the third out, I think you do great injustice
to the latter. I hope my amendment to the amend-
ment will be adapted.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I know of no
question which has arisen in the halls of Congress
that has excited a deeper and stronger interest than
the partition among the States of the political pow-
er of Congress. I think every gentleman who
has been present, after a census has been taken,
and witnessed the struggle for this power, will
confirm what I say in regard to it. It is a very
delicate question. It is one that involves very
delicate considerations, and I approach it as such,
when I come here to act upon it in any shape
whatever. In order to get rid of this exciting dif-
ficulty which has characterized the passage of acts
heretofore, Congress passed the law under which
the present apportionment has been made, in ad-
vance of the census; and, in the passage of that
law, they adopted a new principle—a principle
which, if my memory serves me correctly, is ae-
nved from a suggestion made by Geneva! Wash-
ington, in giving his interpretation to the Consti-
tution at one of the earliest apportionments made,
He suggested the propriety of representing the
fractions that amounted to more than one half of
the amount of apportionment. That is the way I
recollect it. Upon examining that principle, I
thought it a sound one; and, on various occasions,
contended for its adoption, but without success.
It has now been adopted, and adopted antecedent
to the taking of the present census.
Well, sir, the passage of the law of 1850 was
very well calculated to get rid of all the difficulties
which we have heretofore encountered. But now
an embarrassment arises from an unanticipated
source. Upon the dividing of the aggregate Fed-
eral population by the number of Representatives,
which were fixed by that law to two hundred and
thirty-three, it turns out that the number required
for a Representative is ninety-two thousand and a
fraction. And then there is a considerable num-
ber—I do not recollect the exact amount of the
fractions to be represented—enough to make what-
ever number is wanting after the division takes
place, to come up to two hundred and thirty-three.
A difficulty arises here, and one, I apprehend, of
a good deal of interest. The returns from Cali-
fornia, it is said, are inaccurate. It is said they
are in some respects quite erroneous. But 1 will
defer examining that point at this moment. It is
said that South Carolina, if the census of Califor-
nia be taken and considered as it is returned, is
entitled to a member by her fraction—the fraction
being forty-seven thousand and odd. Louisiana
also comes in, having a fraction of forty-six thou-
sand and odd, and claims also to be represented on
that fraction, provided California receives the ad-
ditional member which she claims. These three
claims to one membership, raise the whole ques-
tion as it presents itself to my mind. There are,
in fact, three claimants to one seat—California,
South Carolina, and Louisiana. But gentlemen
propose to get over the difficulty by giving two
additional seats, to the number "provided for by
law. One proposition is to give a seat to Califor-
nia, leaving South Carolina in possession of hers;
and now the honorable Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Downs*] moves to let Louisiana also come in
for another seat.
Now, Mr. President, do not gentlemen perceive
that when you undertake by corrections to add to
the aggregate of the Federal population, you dis-
turb the whole proportion? If you increase that
aggregate, you make a new divisor and a new ap-
portionment among the States; and if you diminish
it, it has the same effect, changing:, at least, all the
fractions. It disturbs the whole proportion as it
is made under that law; <?o which way you will,
that is the result of it. Perhaps there is no insu-
perable difficulty in all this, as possibly it might
work out no actual change of right. But what I
wish to draw the attention of the Senate to, in
regard to the question now before us, is this, more
particularly: is the process to extricate us from
difficulty now proposed ? I suggested on Monday,
when this question was up, that 1 should be glad
to be informed what evidence has been adduced
here which shows that there is a sufficient number
of persons in California to entitle her, by a frac-
tion, or by a full number, to an additional Repre-
sentative. This is what she claims, and this is
the point of inquiry. I heard it said, on the other
side, that there were certain estimates made by
the legislative body of that State, and by commis-
sioners, which placed the number of the popula-
tion at three hundred thousand: and they made
the apportionment of their political power m the
State, for the State Legislature, upon that assumed
basis. I should be glad now to see those esti-
mates; for I suggested there were returns made
here by the enumerators of the census, which, so
far as I understood, were not questioned. I would
be glad to see what sort of estimates were made
for counties of which the returns of the census
are supposed to be correct, and then I could form
some opinion, by comparing the estimates of these
counties with the returns, how far the estimates
for counties admitted to be erroneously returned,
are reliable. I have not seen that paper, but I
should be glad still to see it.
But, Mr. President, I will ask attention for a
moment—I do not propose to occupy much of the
time of the Senate on this matter—to some returns
as they are printed and laid before us in the docu-
ment connected with this subject, and see how
the estimates compare with the returns which are
made. For example: I take some three or four
counties; as far as I know, and can see, they are
unquestioned as to accuracy. Trinity county is
returned at one thousand six hundred and thirty-
five; while the estimate made, in a letter from a
gentleman, which is printed with the report of
the committee, of the population of that county
is eight thousand. The county of Yuba is re-
turned at nine thousand six hundred and seventy-
three; that same gentleman, who was chairman,
it is said, of the committee of the State Legisla-
ture, estimates the population at thirty thousand.
The county of Sutter is returned at three thousand
four hundred and forty-four; he estimates its pop-
ulation at seven thousand five hundred. The county
of Shasta is returned at three hundred and seventy-
eight; he estimates it at six thousand. These
four counties are returned at fifteen thousand one
hundred and thirty; and the estimate contained in
that gentleman's letter is fifty-one thousand five
hundred. I will turn to the document, and read
the foundation of those estimates:
" The data from which the committee formed their esti-
mate of the entiie population of the State, was sufficient to
satisfy them that it amounted to three hundred thousand
souls. We informed our&elves first as to the number of
emigiantrt who had crossed the plains, and the numberwho
had arrived by sea, and the total number who had departed,
which left us a population of three hundred thousand.
"This number, of course, included the arrivals by sea
from the first of June. to April, i£51—the census was
to be taken on the first of June—and which, for present
purpose*, should be deducted—I think forty thousand—a
laisje estimate of the number who arrived during that
period. I might add, as eorroboiation of the accuracy of
the estimates of the population of the State, as taken by the
committee of the Legislature above icferrfd to, that the
State conventions of both the political parties, which were
held a few weeks subsequently, in assigning the representa-
tion of the counties accordmg'to their population, exceeded
the estimates of the committee of the Legislature, the
returns of the commissioner? being held, by the circum-
stances, as unworthy of notice."
The writer goes on to say, " As an illustration
of the gross inaccuracy of the census returns from
California, I will give you"—what, Mr. Presi-
dent ? what will he give you to correct " the gross
inaccuracy" in the enumeration taken by the
public officers, under oath, upon the spot? He
says: " I will give you my estimates of a few coun-
ties in the northern part of the State," &c. That
is to correct the census taken under the law, and
by officers, under oath, upon the spot. It is to be
corrected by the estimates of this gentleman,
which I have read to you, which gives fifty thou-
sand and odd persons where the census-takers
found only fifteen thousand and odd. Now, with-
out going into this subject—for I do not wish to
make myself tedious, I have no desire to examine
into it beyond what is necessary to enable me to
do my duty understanding^—if California has
the population which entitles her to an additional
