1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
ment, and it was decided in the affirmative-^ayes
70, noes not counted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment, it merely appropriates $30 for clothes
for the commandant's servant. I will merely re-
mark that the commandant of the cadets is enti-
tled to a servant. 9
The amendment was read, as follows;
For clothing of officer's servant, ^30.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move to strike out, in the
twenty-second line, the words "and improve-
ments for," so that instead of " for repairs and
improvements, for fuel and apparatus therefor,"
it shall read "for repairs, fuel, and apparatus
therefor," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON.' 1 now move that the bill be
reported to the House.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 have an
amendment which I desire to offer at the end of
the bill. i i
Mr. HENN. I have an amendment which I j
want to offer to one of the sections of the bill. I •
move to strike out the twenty-eighth and twenty- j
ninth lines, which are as follow: I
" For expenses of the board of visitors, $3,000." :
I look upon this board of visitors as a perfect ^
humbug. It gives these gentlemen an opportunity ;
of making a pleasant summer excision, but it j
has never done any good in the least. I hope \
these lines will be stricken out. 1
The question was put, and decided in the neg- j
ative. ;
The last two sections of the bill were then read i
as follows: '
" For the mircha.^e of thirtv artiilerv* and cavalry hoises, j
$3,000.
"For forage of ninety artillery and cavalry hordes,
$6,480."
Mr. DUNCAN. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means to explain
this new appropriation. I think we ha\e nothing
similar in any previous appropriation bills.
Mr. HOUSTON. The sections explain them-
selves. They have artillery and cavalry horses
there for the purpose of exercising the students,
and learning them to ride. They have some sixty
or seventy horses there, but some half a dozen or
probably eight or ten of them are reported as be-
ing unfit for use. They wish to increase the
number to ninety,-so that so much labor need not
be imposed upon the same horses, and in order to
make them last, longer.
Several Memdkrs. That's enough.
Mr. DUNCAN. I merely rose for information,
because I saw it was an appropriation which was
not contained in former appropriation bills. I am
satisfied with the explanation.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I now offer
the following amendment, to come in at the end
of the bill:
Provided, That the Superintendent of the Academy at
West Point may he selected hv the President ot the United
States from any ooipa of the Armv of the United States,
from tho<e officers \vbo«e rank is not less than lieutenant
colonel lineally, or by bie\et.
It is probably known to the House that, in the
present condition of the Military Academy at
West Point, the Superintendent of that institution
is always selected from the Corps of Engineers,
and that the rank of the Superintendent for several
years back has been only that uf captain. Your
artillery corps, your ordnance, your infantry,
dragoons, and the various corps of the Army, in
the present condition of the law, are precluded
from the position of Superintendent of that Acad-
emy. No matter what is the character of the
gentleman of the Army you may brin°'—no mat-
ter what gallantry he may have exhibited in front
of the batteries of the enemy—no matter how
high a personal character or position he may
have, heis pi ecluded from the position of Superin-
tendent at West Point, for no other reason m the
world than because he does not belong to a Corps
of Engineers. It is the general wish of the Army
that this change should be made in the law. The
position is one of high responsibility. The Super-
intendent of the Academy atWestPoint ought to
be a man to whom the youth of the country will
look up to with pride. In that position there
should be an example of the soldier; and without
saying anything against the Corps of Engineers, I
may be permitted to observe that the merit of the
Army is not confined to that corps.
The President of the United States, under the
change of law which I propose, will have the op-
portunity of exercising his discretion and his
judgment. I have put it in the proviso that he
shall not be of less rank than lieutenant colonel,
lineal or by brevet, because that when taken from
this Engineer Corps it will be found that the Super-
intendent is of no higher rank than that of captain.
When I was at West Point, a very distinguished
gentleman from the Corps of Engineers, holding
the rank of colonel, was Superintendent, and the
late General Worth, then lieutenant colonel, was
commandant of the corps. When this Superin-
tendent left, another was appointed of lower rank.
This involved the necessity of a change m many
of the subordinate officers, because they would
not be assigned a duty at West Point under the
charge of an officer not equal to themselves in
rank, and so it dwindled down. This is always
the way. When the Superintendent decreases in
rank, the subordinate officers will also proportion-
ably decrease or diminish in rank, except the pro-
fessors who do not hold rank in the Army at all.
All the officers of the Army of a higher rank will
refuse to serve as subordinates, when the rank of
the Superintendent goes down. I submitted this
proposition at the last Congress, and it met the
concurrence of the whole Army. I do not wish
to do injustice to the Engineer Corps of the Army
at all. But this but does justice to the balance of
the corps of the Army. It will not affect the pay
of the Superintendent at all. I believe you now
have a captain of the engineers there, and he is
receiving the pay of a lieutenant colonel.
I am requested by a gentleman at my left, to
speak of the duties of a Superintendent of that
Academy. He is not connectod with the corps at
all. His duties are ornamental rather than use-
ful. The commandant of the corps has the mili-
tary command of the corps of cadets and instructs
them in military tactics. The Superintendent of
the Academy receives the repoits from the aca-
' demic professors and the commandant. Hesuper-
j intends the disbursements; receives visitors; com-
I municates with your Department; and so far as I
j know, has general control over the Academy. But
I there is no reason on earth why he should be an
j engineer officer. There was no reason why Gen-
I eral Hitchcock, for instance, who was the com-
; mandant there for years, and who was acceptable
1 as a governor and instructor of youth at West
1 Point, should not have been promoted to the office
| of Superintendent of that Academy, except for
I that clause m the law which says he must be a
member of the Engineer Corps. 1 do not wish to
I detain the committee, but I think this amendment
| ought to pass.
j Sir. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to know
j of the gentleman from Kentucky, what would be
, the objection to so framing his amendment as to
1 permit the President to take the Superintendent
! from the civil or military department?
■ Mr. MARSHALL. It is a military affair. I
| do not know that there would be any particular
; objection to it, except that it had better be keptin
, the military line.
' The question was then put, and the amendment
1 was adopted.
i Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the com-
i mittee rise and report the hill.
| The motion was agreed to.
| The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
| Phelps) reported that the Committee of the
: Whole on the state of the Union had, according to
i order, had the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly House bill No. 87, making
' appropriations forthesupportoftheMilitaryAcad-
I emy at West Point, for the fiscal year ending
! June 30th, 1853, and had instructed him to report
| the same to the House with sundry amendments
j thereto.
j Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the previous question
( upon the passage of the bill; and if there be no
, objection, I ask that the amendments may all be
[ included in one vote.
The previous question was seconded, and the
I main question ordered.
■ Mr. KING, of Rhode Island. I ask that a
. separate vote may be had upon the last amend-
ment, which provides that the Superintendent of
the Academy atWestPoint may betaken from any*
corps in the Army.
The question was then taken, and the House
agreed to concur in all the amendments of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion
except the last.
Mr. KING. I demand the yeasand nays upon
concurring in the last amendment. I understand
that the effect of this amendment will be to dis-
place the present Superintendent, and for that rea-
son I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 desire to know whether
that will be the effect or not ?
Mr. DUNCAN. I, too, desire to know what
will be the effect of this amendment upon the pres-
ent Superintendent. 'I understand the amendment
to limit the discretion of the President to a choice
from the officers not less in rank than lieutenant
colonel. I understand the present Superintendent
only holds the rank of captain, and at the same
time I suppose he discharges his duties very well,
I desiie to know whether the amendment will dis-
place him ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. By the in-
dulgence of the House I will remark that I am
perfectly willing to modify the amendment so as
to allow the President, the right to select the Super-
intendent from any corps of the Army, and not
have anything whatever said about rank. All I
want is to throw it open to the whole Army.
The SPEAKER. That modification can be
made by unanimous consent.
No objection was made, and the modification
suggested by Mr. Marshall was made.
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask for the read-
ing of the amendment as amended.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will remark that I un-
derstand that the gentleman who is now Superin-
tendent of West Point Academy, Mr. Robert E.
Lee, (who is very acceptable to me,) has the rank
of lieutenant colonel.
The amendment, as modified, was then read, as
follows:
Provided, That the Superintendent of the Military Acad-
emy at West Point may he selected by the President of the
United States from any corps in the Army of the United
States.
The question was then taken on the adoption
| of the amendment, and it was agreed to.
! The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
| read a third time, and being engrossed, it was read
' the third time.
S Mr. HOUSTON. I move the previous ques-
> tion upon the passage of the bill.
| The previous question was seconded, and the
: main question was ordered to be put.
: The question was then taken upon the bill, and
j it was passed.
| RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
I Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. With a view
i to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
j of the Union upon the river and harbor bill, in
I which there is a deep interest felt throughout the
country, I move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state, of the Union.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. As there is a
motion made which takes precedence of the motion
i of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Seymour,]
[ I will ask the gentleman if he had not better make
j that bill a special order? This whole question of
: the improvement of the rivers and harbors has
I been sunk through the whole session, and we
| ought to do something now, if ever we do it.
' Mr. HOUSTON. Everything else has been
' sunk with it.
j Mr. SEYMOUR. We can accomplish the ob-
! ject of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. John-
i son-,] if we go into the Committee of the Whole
! on the state of the Union, and take this business
| up at once.
i Mr. HAMILTON. 1 move the House adjourn.
[ Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the Chair will state
; both motions.
The SPEAKER. A' motion is submitted by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Seymour]
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] moves that the House
adjourn.
