1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-mm
Mr. HENN. Has the gentleman from Mary-
land the right to the floor, to submit that motion?
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. If tlie "Whig party will vote
against this which they call their charier doctrine,
the House can adjourn.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR. I hopethe House will go into
the Committee of the Whole, and take up this
till,
Mr. HOUSTON. Will not a motion to take
tip one of the appropriation bills take precedence
in the committee of a motion to take up ills river
and harbor bill?
The SPEAKER. That is a question to be de-
termined by the chairman of the committee, who-
ever he may be.
Mr. JOHNSON, Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of order. That cannot be so, it having
been decided by precedent heretofore. Sir, if you
refer that question to the chairman of the commit-
tee, we have no show at all, for any man may be
•chairman there. The river and harbor bill is a
general appropriation bill, and it has been so de-
cided by the Speaker heretofore.
Mr. MEADE. It was so decided, confessedly
against the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
question is upon the motion ill at the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the "Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. MEADE. I ask for a division of the House
upon that question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Those who
vote here against this bill are Virginians, and she
has neither rivers or harbors.
Mr. MEADE. I ask for tellers upon the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Fowler and
Molony appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 32, noes €7; no quorum voting.
Mr. MEADE. I move that the Housedo now
adjourn. v
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas.^ I rise to a
question of order. No quorum is necessary to
determine the question of adjournment either way.
The rule is as good upon one side as upon the
other.
TheSPEAKER. The question just submitted,
and upon which the House was divided, was upon
a motion to adjourn; and no business having been
transacted since, another motion is not now in
order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I move that there
"be a call of the House.
Mr. SMART. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. KING, of New York. This question can
be decided to-morrow, just as well as to-day.
When we go into theCommittee of the Whole to-
morrow, this motion can be made, and it will be
for a majority of the committee to decide it, and
as we have no quorum present, I move that this
House adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There can be noth-
ing effected by going into the Committee of the
Whole to-day, and "taking up that bill, because,
if that should be done, it would be tantamount to
making it a special order, and gentlemen must see
that we can effect nothing by going into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, now, without a quorum.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. My object
in making the motion now is to get into the com-
mittee upon this bill, with the understanding that
this being the unfinished business, it would come
up first before the committee to-morrow. _ I ask
the Chair if that would not be the result it' we go
into the committee to-day, and take up this bill'
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The pending motion is, that there
be a call of the House, which should be first dis-
posed of. Is debate in order.'
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. King,] however, submitted a motion
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. KING. I withdraw that motion that my
colleague [Mr. Seymour] may give notice that he
will submit the motion to-morrow to take up this
bill. I think it unnecessary to have a call of the
House now.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I give notice that to-
morrow I shall move to take up one of the regu-
lar appropriation bills.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, Then, sir, I
ask whether the last motion submitted and acted
upon, was not a motion to adjourn?
The SPEAKER, ft was.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will further ask, for the
information of the House upon this subject,
whether it was not decided during the preceding
Congress that an appropriation bill for rivers and
harbors was a general appropriation bill, and
whether that decision is not a precedent here?
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
The Chair trusts that the House will indulge hull
in a statement. Whatever may have been the
experience of Congress upon this subject is as
well known to the House as to the Chair. The
Chair has a well-ascertained opinion of his own
upon this subject, but he is acting temporarily in
the-chair, and even if he were acting permanently,
he would not undertake to decide that question.
It is to be decided by the chairman of the commit-
tee, after the House shall have resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, what shall be the order of business before
the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the chairman can settle
it which ever way lie pleases.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I renew the motion to ad-
joum.
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask for n divis- |
ion of the House upon that question, that we may j
determine whether a quorum is present or not. j
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and upon a division theie were—ayes
42, noes 60. No quorum voting.
There being no quorum in the House, ;
On motion by Mr. CARTTER, the House then j
adjourned until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a.m. i
MEMORIALS.
The following memorials were presented under the rule,
and inferred to the appropriate committee*:
By Mr. CHANDJ.ER • The memorial of George C. Read
and other citizen*, of the United States, ticking Congress to
employ Mi. William A. K. Martin 10 paint a pietuie repre j
seating an American naval victory, to be placed in the
Capitol.
Also, the memorial of numerous citizens of Philadelphia
asking CongiebS to construct a canal around the Sanlt '
Ste. Marie. 1
Also, ttie memorial of Carson & Newhold, of Philadel-
phia, askmy compensation for merchandise destioyed while
ill the public stores (port custom house) in the cityof Phil-
adelphia.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 21, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. CHASE presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying that the bill now pending i
before Congress, known as the " homestead bill," ;
may become a law; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of in-
habitants of Joe Daviess county, Illinois, praying
that the transportation of the mails on Sunday may
be prohibited by law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS presented two memorials of steam
engineers, residing on the northern lakes and the
rivers, bays, and gulfs of the Atlantic coast, pray-
ing the enactment of alaw for the correction of the
existing evils in the management of steam vessels;
which were ordered to be laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of Russell &
Jones, surviving partners of Brown, Russell &
Co., praying remuneration for services, and in-
demnifications for losses incurred m transporting
stores for the troops in New Mexico, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for their relief;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the memorial of
Israel Rogers, representing that he has been de-
frauded of the bounty land to which he was enti-
tled for services during the late war with Mex-
ico, and praying other land, submitted an adverse
report thereon.
He also, from the same committee, ,to which
was referred the bill from the Houseof Represent-
atives to protect actual settlers upon the latM on
the line of the Central Railroad and branches, by
granting preemption rights thereto, reported it
back with an .amendment. -
bill introduced. .
Mr. WADE, by unanimous consent,. asked
Wid obtained leave to introduce a bill for tbe-iwi-
provement and the establishment of a line of set-
tlements along the route to California and Oregon;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Roads-anti
Canals.
brlls passed.
Th-e following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
Ah act granting to the State of Louisiana the
right of way and a donation of public land for the
purpose of locating and constructing a railroad
from Shreveport to the Mississippi river, in said
State;
A n act for the relief of the town of Belleview,
•in Iowa; and
An act to provide additional security for the
lives and property of persons navigating the west-
ern waters.
foreign postal arrangements. .
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:;
Rcsoh'ed, Hi at the President of the United States be re-
quested to ftiruish to the Senate copies of any correspond-
ence, not heretofore communicated to Congress, between
the Depaitiiieni of State and the diplomatic agents of the
United States abroad with regnid lo foreign postal arrange-
ment?, p.iut csju-citilly cheap orenn postage, so far as the
same can tie done without detriment to the public interests,
DEPUTY NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. HAMLIN Submitted the following reso-
lution; whieh was agreed to:
Resolved, That ttie Coinmmee on Commerce be directed
to niquiie into the piopnelyof placing the compensation of
ttie deputy naval officers and deputy survejors, lor the
ports of Boston, Noiv York, Philadelphia, Baltimoie, and
Now Orleans, on an equality with deputy collectors at said
ports.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMtSSION.
Mr. CLARKE submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the fnterior be directed
to repoit to tlift Senate, as soon as practit able, the reasotte
for the recall ol Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Graham from hfS
position 'a* chief astronomer of the Boundary Commission,
employed in determining theJine between the tinned States
arid the Republic of Mexico; together with ail the papers
connected with his appointment, the revocation of that ap-
pointment, and the instructions given to him. Also, that
the Secretary of the Interior be further directed to report to
the Senate any instructions given or s ent to Andrew B.
(iiay, relating to the initial point upon the Rio Grande,
ajiiecd upon hy the Commi^iou, and the reasons for the re-
moval ol the said Andrew 1?. Gray from his position as sur-
veyor upon the part of the United States- upon the said
Boundaiy Commission.
THE TAUNTON RIVER.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the evpeitiency of malting provision tor
the survey of Taunton river with reference to the obstacles
impeding navigation therein.
INDIGENT INSANE.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 desire to ask permission of
the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 188.
Mr. G WIN. I hope the Senator will give way
for a moment, until 1 suggest the taking up of the
resolution which was postponed until to-morrow,
! in regard to the day of adjournment. The Senator
; from Louisiana [Mr. Suole] conceives it to be his
j duty to be present when that resolution is voted
j upon. It is well known to the Senate, that he is
I in very bad health, and it is probably dangerous
; for him to be m the Senate at all. I hope that,
by general consent, that resolution will be taken
up this morning and acted upon.
Mr. SHIELDS. I presume that the bill which
I desire to take up will provoke no discussion, and
1 am under some obligation to make an effort to
call it up this morning. If it gives rise to any
debate, 1 will agree to lay it aside, and take up
the resolution referred to by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, which I presume will excite some discus-
sion . I would state to the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, that the moment the bill to whichlrefer
is through, 1 will call up that resolution, 11 is a
bill that passed the Senate at the last session, after
