1851.
THE CONCESSIONAL-GLOSE.
m
for any misinterpretation that may be put upon
our conduct, if the conduct be correct in itself? /t
is our honor we have in charge, and not the opin-
ions of despots in any part of Europe. Every
act that wc may do upon the subject of freedom, in
any part of the globe, must be offensive to jlespot-
ism. Our forms of government are antagonistic,
and the progress of one leads to the destruction of
the other. Our very birth was an offence to des-
potism. It grew out of it, and every step which
we have taken in our political existence has been
but an augmentation of it. Every town, hamlet,
and village in our country; every spot of earth
consecrated by our flag; every star added to our
Union, is not only an offence, but an attack, a di-
rect attack, upon despotism; and our glorious
country itself, towering, as it does, above the na- j
tions of the earth, and within the moral vision of
all mankind, is a monument, I verily believe a
monument designed by the Almighty, which tells
as plainly as the writing upon the wall, that the
days of despotism are numbered. Yes, sir, I be-
lieve our country is a monument permitted by
Heaven to foretell the destruction of despotism;
and that it has become a mere question of time.
But I cannot believe for a single moment that
the honorable Senators who oppose this resolution
are actuated by any consideration as to what the
despots of Europe, or any Power of earth, may
think of their conduct. INo, sir; I am not to be
told that any member of this body would deviate
the thousandth part of a hair from any course
which his judgment and patriotism would dictate,
through fear of any of the consequences which
might arise m that quarter. If any such cowardly
instincts could find their way into these halls, the
associations by which we are surrounded, the high
vocation we pursue would make a hero of ths.
coward, in an instant. But the opposition springs
from the idea, that if this is not intervention per
se, it may lead to it. As regards the abstract sub-
ject of intervention, I entirely concur with the
gentlemen who have spoken in opposition to the
resolution. I believe if we intervene at all, it must
be morally, not physically. And in this light our
intervention has been going'on for years, and its
march is mighty at this very moment. By bring-
ing from Europe her down-trodden thousands; by
offering; to the martyrs of civil and religious lib- j|
shades of opinion, as an intentional insult, and as
such would it have been treated.
Bur, sir, as I have said, I do not see interven-
tion in this-proposition, and shall therefore vote
for it. If, unhappily, those nations with which it
is our duty as well as our interest, to cultivate
amicable relations, should so construe it, the illu-
sion would be dispelled by a firm adherence to the
principle which has always governed us—the prin-
ciple of non-intervention. Senators have, talked
as if the hour might speedily arrive when we may
be called upon to abandon this time-honored prin-
ciple. They have said not that it will come, but
that it may be close at hand. Sir, I regret to hear
it. I shall regret to see the time when we shall be
called upon to intervene, directly or indirectly, in
the political affairs of Europe. It has been asked,
too, by the honorable Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Stockton,] Is this firm adherence to one
established principle, progress ? I reply that the
abandonment of it would not be progress. In my
opinion it would be a step backwards. I pro-
fess, sir, to be a mail of progress. I profess an
^abiding belief in the progressive development, un-
| der the immediate providence of God, of the intel-
j lect, power, and happiness of man; and, profess-
i ing this, I say, Heaven forbid that we should ever
i be called upon to abandon the principle of non-
! intervention. Principles are eternal; and I would
> have tlus, especially, os eternal, as immovable as
the stars of heaven by whose fixed and unchanging
light we guide and regulate our progress.
I have also heard the idea thrown out that we
have a mission, a political mission to perform.
In my humble judgment, sir, if we have such a
mission, we must look for the field of its exercise
Southward, not Eastward. If it be our "manifest
destiny" to regenerate mankind, I humbly con-
ceive that we should continue as we have begun—
take one continent at a time. Senators have in-
dulged in a wide field of remark upon this sub ject;
and as if to show our power, should we be led, by
intervention, to cope with the Powers of Europe,
it has been said by the honorable Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Stociitox,] and, said, too in
tones which will rouse the blood in the heart of
every American, tones which found an echo in
the breast of every man in this Chamber, that our
old mother herself, were she to enter into a contest
offering to the martyrs ,, .
erty in the Old World a country and a home; by with us, would find that there are blows to be
admitting them to the rights of citizenship before ! received as well as blows to be civen. And m
they speak our language; by bestowing upon them 1
our public lands and throwing around them the j
protection of equal laws, liberties, and institutions, ,
I believe we are doing more for the amelioration of ■
man's condition, more for the development of hu- j
man intellect, power and happiness, than all the
armed intervention ill the world could ever do.
But, sir, a species of amicable intervention has
been alluded to. Protests have been spoken of by
honoiable Senators to whom, it lias always been
my pleasure to look for instruction on that as on
all other points of international law. And I say
with all frankness now—though still open to con-
viction—that I cannot regard a protest as the_ re-
sult, or the evidence, of any amicable intervention.
Neither do I agree with my honorable friends as
to the policy, the wisdom, or the expediency of pro-
testing against the conduct of any despotic power
of Europe. The protest spoken of would, in my
judgment, bean intervention, and ail intervention
"equally novel and dangerous; because I cannot, in
my mind, get rid of the absurdity of assuming a
position by protest which we had not predeter-
mined to maintain in the only manner which could
possibly prove effectual among the nations of Eu-
rope. Our policy has been that of non-interven-
tion; and when we make a protest, it goes forth
accompanied by a tacit declaration of non-mter-
vention as the policy of the land, unless contra-
dicted by an unheard-of exception. As to its
expediency, I would remind honorable Senators,
who maintain this idea of protest, that but yester-
day , as it were, we were engaged in a contest upon
this continent, and I would ask them what would
have been the result, if, in the midst of that -con-
test with Mexico, we had heard, some cool morn-
ing, that, the Czar of Russia, from his distant
throne, had sent his protest to the State Depart-
ment against our interference in the affairs of
Mexico"? What would have been the result ? One
universal shout of defiance would have ascended
from the Kennebeck to the Rio Grande. It would
have been regarded by men of all parties, and all
received as well as blows to be given. And
illustrating his idea of her form of government, he
denied her some things, which I apprehend no
Senator will be more willing to concede to her
than himself. I am not about to become the eulo-
gist of Britain, her government, or her so-called,
or rather miscalled. Constitution. It is unneces-
sary. I need not point to her thousand sources
of greatness and glory, for I see around me Sena-
tors who are its living monuments. I see around
me honorable Senators who emmot trace back
their blood a hundred years without running into
some of her purest fountains. But discarding this,
and all minor claims to our admiration and respect,
we should never forget to whom we are indebted
for the language of Shakspeare and the laws of
our land; for the writ of habeas corpus, for trial by
jury, and for the very principles of civil government.
And, sir, were we to divest ourselves to-day of
everything we owe to Britain—of law, language,
literature, and morals—we would hardly have any-
thing with which to set up for ourselves.
But that is not the question. I agree with the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] that this is a great national act of courtesy;
that as such it should be performed gracefully for
our own sakes, or not performed at all; and that
it should not be burdened with conditions which
are tantamount to a declaration to the recipient
that he must not abuse our hospitality. He has
doubtless come to these shoiesundera hope—yea,
more than a hope, under a conviction—that he
can obtain governmental and substantial aid for
himself and his country. I confess that I believe
so; because I must be blind to the ordinary use
of language, which he knows so well how to use,
if I did not come to that conclusion from his own
declarations. But it is an error which a month's
residence in our country will dispel. We may
well conceive what is the hope and wish of a man
whose whole being is concentrated in one great
and noble idea—the freedom of his country. Do
not let us, while breathing words of welcome,
thrust this rebuke of his error prematurely and
unhandsomely upon him. The.wild Arab.reeeiyes
not the guest- whom accident sends to", his te^t
with such unmannerly hospitality. %
The Senator from New HampsMre?s *
[Mr. Hale] of greeting a.man"cordially,-if voir
greet him at all—of - grasping his hatrn witft a.
truthful pressure, regardless of his peculiar MIo-;
syncrasies—meets my assent; and, to' u(3e'th"e
strongest ^figure in my power, I will say to that*
honorable Senator, that even he, should kaever
find himself beneath the- roof-tree of any gentle-
man in the State which I have the honor to repre-
rent,^ his welcome will be dictated by the goo<l'
old-fashioned rules of Sou them hospitality, regard-
less of his peculiar idiosyncrasies. My voice ad-
monishes me, sir, of my inability to continue
these remarks, in which my only aim is to state
briefly and frankly wherein I do not concur vyith
my friends on this side of the Chamber, and the
views which influence my support of this resolu-
tion.
I hold, sir, that before we are called upon to
forbear the expression of feelings in the manner
proposed, upon the ground that such an expres-
sion will be a departure from the settled policy of
our country, argument and not declamation should
be invoked to show it to be intervention; and I
trust, sir, that opposition to the passage'of the
resolution will not be persisted in unless honorabla
Senators can sustain this point.
Mr. BADGER. "When the Congress of Jhe
United States is called upon to award a high
honor—an honor, according to the honorable Sen-
ator from Florida, [Mr. Mau.oiiy,] who has just
taken his seat, higher than triumphs which Rome, -
in her palmiest d-iys, ever awarded to her conquer-
ing sons—it is certainly but reasonable to expect
that the grounds should be clear and manifest
upon which such a demand is made. In the past
history of this country we have had but one ex-
ample of such an honor having been awarded by
the Congress of the United States. And surely,
without troubling ourselves with any investigation
of what is supposed to be the musty doctrine of pre-
cedent, we have a right to expect that gentlemen
who ask this at our hands shall assign the reasons
why we should now, for the second time, offer the -
contemplated honor to the individual who is named
in this resolution. Gentlemen have felt that there
was an obligation upon them to produce the rea-
sons of this proceeding. My friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Dou&i.as,] who deemed it strange and un-
reasonable that this resolution should provoke the
least discussion, that gentleman himself, who
seemed to suppose that any discussion of it could
be accounted for only by the supposition that this
Senate would always discuss any proposition—
even he, with the sentence of censure upon all
previous discussion upon his lips, went forward
in the pursuit of that which he condemns in oth-
ers, and occupied the Senate with a speech"—to
which I listened, of course, with pleasure, as I
always do to whatever falls from that distinguished
gentleman—which occupied no inconsidefablepor-
tion of yesterday's sitting. He delivered a speech,
of which I will say it brought no new topic before
the American Senate, upon this subject. It urged
110 new argumeut, it produced no new statement,
it was made in ieply to no new antagonist who
had appeared in the debate. It was a reiteration
for the fourth, fifth, or sixth time, of arguments—
I will not say which had been as well expressed—
into the arena of such criticism as that I dare not
venture—but which had certainly been well and
forcibly expressed by others. Now, sir, knowing,
as I do, that that honorable Senator, when ha
speaks m this Chamber, always speaks to this
body; that he seeks to enlighten and to guide our
opinions, and that h e has no ulterior objects and pur-
poses before him, I have felt by these remarks of
his the strongest possible conviction fixed upon my
mind that the friends of this resolution thought it
necessary to assign some reasons for its adontion.
And I must say. that when I listened to that hon-
orable Senator, and when I listened to some other
Senators—my friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
in particular—I have felt another conviction fast-
ened upon my mind—that while they were doubly
impressed with the extreme necessity of producing
reasons, they found it no easy task to discover
any to produce.
Mr. President, I wish to say, in the commence-
ment of what I have to offer to the Senate upon
this subject, that if discussion has been produced
