1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
bills raising taxes on the people. Those we can-
not originate. The initiatory step in regard to
such bilk must be taken by the House of Repre-
sentatives. We can originate any appropriation
bill as well as the House of Representatives; but
the practice has been that they originate in the
other House, and I suppose the Senate would be
unwilling to depart from that practice, except un-
der extreme circumstances. Practically, we are
reduced to a legislative cipher in regard to appro-
priation bills, and there is not a member on this
floor who does not know it. The time has come
when a practical remedy should be applied. Bills
are forced upon us at the last moment of the ses-
sion; and yon know, Mr. President, and all of us
know, that they have been passed by the Senate
without our knowing one word that was in them.
We have been driven to this extremity: either to
stop the financial operations of the Government,
or to pass hastily bills that we have never seen,
and know not what they contain.
Mr. President, that is not the power given to
us by tne Constitution. We owe it to our posi-
tion, we owe it to our duty, as one of the great
depositoties of the legislative power of this coun-
try, and we owe it to the Constitution itself, that
we should have time to look into those bills, and
act upon them on our own responsibility.
Genilemen talk about a joint rule to prevent
bills coming to us within a few days before the
close of the session. What good will it do ? We
all kno w that such rules are suspended at the very
last moment of a session. They are practically
so much waste paper. They have never prevented
any single bill from either House going to the
President. To my own persona! knowledge, a
President has had sometimes to sign bills at the
last moment of the session without even reading
them through.
Now, I insist that we have come to such a pass
that there should be some practical check put to
this great legislative evil. We cannot discharge
our duties to the country under this state of things.
We are becoming a mere court of registry; and
worse tl- i : that, a court of registry without being
able to read what we are called upon to regis-
ter, without being able to exercise any lational
control. Wehave to pas& upon certain items in
appropriation bills; and we ought to consider
whether they are necessary—wheSher the public
interest demands theni; but every member knows
we do not do it. I ask whether tlie personal con-
venience of any member, or any consideration
stronger than that should stand in the way of our
iloin  fearlessly our duty ? i think the resolution
should he upon the table for the present. I believe
that to be the only practicable remedy that is
within our power. " I believe it is a question^ be-
tween that and the actual surrender of the legisla-
tive power of this body to the House of Repre-
sentatives. For my own part, I shall vote to lay
the 1 esolution upon the table until such a time as
I think the Senate can act understandingly upon
it, and know what lulls they are called upon to
pass, so that they can fulfill their duty. We are
as much the Representatives of the American
leoole as are the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives. They are elected by the people.
We represent the State sovereignties, which are as :
dear to the people of this country as any portion
of our institutions. We'are as responsible to
them, and that responsibility I, for one, want to i
meet and discharge properly. ;
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I do not enter ;
into this discussion with any view of affecting the 1
question before us, but with a view to make some ^
federal remarks which have been suggested by the
observations of the honorable Senator from Mich- :
igan. The course of legislative proceedings at j
this session has made two pregnant indications, in ■
my opinion; and they are, that measuies of the j
greatest importance nave been passed without dm- j
cussion, and discussions have taken j>lace upon j
matters that were not properly before the body.
Yes, sir, we are departing from the proper mode
of proceeding as a legislative body, to register the
rescripts of another coordinate branch of the Legis-
jj-e—I suppose i may speak of it from newspa-
per renorts—which is taking up its time in dis-
cussing tlie present merits of the presidential can-
" rhe proceedings of the two separate bodies
composing the Legislature, provided by the Con-
stitution of the United States, must necessarily
be conducted with comity, and that is the only
rule. I speak of comity m the highest sense; not
as mere idle courtesy, but that kind of comity
which should require of one certain duties which
essential justice dictates. Why are not the appro-
priation bills here ? Am I to be told that by laying
this resolution upon the table and taking time be-
fore we act upon it, we shall correct the evil which
the honorable Senator from Michigan has so
strongly pointed out; and which is but an omen
to the times that this Government is changing its
character entirely, and that Congress has lost the
respect in the public mind which has heretofore
been awarded to it, because it has become a mere
public body, to speak as one would at a hustings?
1 believe that more bills have been passed by this
body at this session than were ever passed at any
session of Congress since I have been a member
of the Senate; and there has been more discussion
on matters that do not legitimately belong to the
body which has taken jurisdiction of them.
Now, sir, 1 do not, upon this question, agree
with the honorable Senator from Michigan—and
I have a very great respect for his opinions; I
would defer to them upon most matters, but upon
this, if he intends to correct this evil, I think it
should be done by leaving the subject, and agree-
ing to adjourn upon the 16th of August, the time
proposed by the House of Representatives. Will
it be said that by so doing we shall leave the wants
of the country unprovided for—that we shall deny
the money necessary to carry on this Govern-
ment? Allow me to say—and I say it with great
deference—that if Congress were not to meet for
five years, or ten or twenty years, the Government
of this country could exist and survive it. I have
contemplated this subject well, and 1 believe if
Congress were not to meet in teri years, it would
be just as well for the interests and true liberties
olVthc- country, i am not one of those who be-
lieve tiiat everything is to be done by the guard-
ianship of Congress. 1 believe that one of the
very best things that could occur, so far as regards
the practical evil which we experience, would be ;
to deny the supplies which might be exacted of us, I
not from an intelligent judgment, but which might
be exacted from us, perhaps, by a combination—
though I do not think" it has ever occurrefl by a po-
litical combination—between the Presidentand the
House of Representatives. Such a thing might ex-
ist; there could be such a combination to withhold
the appropriation bills, until such time that we
would be bound merely to register their edicts. 1
do not believe any such thing has ever occurred.
I believe the evils which have been complained of,
occur entirely from the vicious tendencies ofthe.se
bodies at Washington to discuss matters that do
not belong to them. That is my opinion. I am
willing to agree to adjourn on the 16th of August,
and let the consequences fall where they may. })
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, 1 have no j!
doubt that if Senators were to consult their own ||
private individual feelings, the earliest possible |
day named would meet the concurrcnci of the :!
Senate, and I certainly should vote for the very ^
earliest day. But there are public considerations
which rise superior to individual wishes. I con-
cur most cheerfully in every word, syllable, and
letter, that fell from the Senator from Michigan, j;
There are obligations, many humble judgment, |j
which rest upon us, and as one Senator here, I j:
am disposed to concur with the Senator from j|
Michigan, in meeting those obligations manfully. Ij
The appropriation bills have been sent to us i1
from the other branch of Congress heretofore on 'j
the last day, or last two days of the session—ap- 1
propnating tens and twenties of millions of dol-
lars. We are made responsible for those bills
j when they undergo what here is worse than the I
mockery of legislation. Why, sir, legislation pre- :
I supposes that there is to be investigation and de-
liberation, and every Senator knows that that is
! a violent presumption, at least when applied to t
S these bills. We have sent to the House a joint :
resolution, proposed by the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. .Norms,] to amend the joint
rules so that the appropriation bills shall be sent
to this branch of Congress at least ten days before
its adjournment. I wish it had comported with j
the sense of the other House to have concurred j
with the Senate in the adoption of that resolution, j
If they had done so, I should have voted most
cheerfully for any day they fixed, allowing us ten
days to act on the appropriation bills. Hut the ;
House of Representatives, in its wisdom, hist not
seen fit yet to concur with the Senate, and until it
shall do so, or until we shall see some progress
made, I intend to vote for no hour, no day or ad-
journment, no time which shall crowd those*Ap-
propriation bills upon us in the last hours of the
session.
Within the last few years I have seen, an ap-
propriation bill, appropriating $10,000,000, sent
here, and Senators have been implored to desist
from either excluding what was in the bill or in-
cluding what it was believed by our committees
should go into it. Senators h'efe were deterred
from offering any amendment, because we were
admonished by the hands of the clock that a delay
of a few minutes would defeat the bill.
I do not regard the defeat of the appropriation
bills as a mutter of so slight importance as the
Senator from South Carolina does. I concur with
him,very fully in the belief that if we had but-one
session for some years, and made our appropria-
tions to cover that period of time, we should have
very little trouble. We are oppressed with an
excess rather than a want of legislation; but while
our appropriations are required to be made annu-
ally, I would hold it to be an evil if they were not
annually made.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, if, like the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, 1 represented one of the
old States, I should be indifferent about the time
when Congress adjourns, because no local legisla-
tion is needed in his State which can even, as he
supposes, go on independently of this GoTtern-
ment; but it is entirely different with the State
which I represent. We have a great deal of local
legislation indispensably necessary to be passed
by Congiess, and hence the time of adjournment
is of very irrcat imoortance to the State of Cali-
fornia.
I agree with the Senator from Michigan, and
the Senator from Maine, that we never should
determine on the day of adjournment until the ap-
propriation bills are sent to us from the House of
Representatives. A few days ago we discussed the
question of adjournment, and we refused then to
passoramend the House resolution. Immediately
afterwards we passed a resolution proposing to
amend the joint rules by which no day of adjourn-
ment was to be fixed until ten days after the appro-
priation bills were sent to us. How has the House
met that proposition? This morning, instead of
taking it up, what have they done? They have
set aside this proposition to amend the rules and
all the appropriation bills, and taken up the river
and harbor bill, so as to send it to us as they sent
it last vear, to destroy the whole legislation of the
country, or force us to pass it.
I am not willing to submit to any such coercion.
T am not willing to see appropriation bills amount-
ing to |40,000,000 pass m three or four hours, at
the close of the session, as we were forced to pass
them at the last session, owing to the fact that the
river and harbor bill was brought up to block legis-
lation, or to compel us to pass it. I am utterly
opposed to fixing any day of adjournment, until
we get the appropriation biljshere so that we may
examine and discuss them. I hope the Senate
will never again put it in the power of the House
of Representatives to coerce us as we were at the
last, session of Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I do not rise for
the purpose of giving any advice to the House of
Representatives, nor for the purpose of adminis-
tering any rebuke to them. They have respon-
sibilities of their own which I believe they per-
fectly well understand. They comprehend their
own duties and are responsible to those who sent
them here. I would lather look here, and inquire
what, under the circumstances, we ourselves ought
! to do to take care of our own appropriate sphere
! of action. If the House do not go forward as
i rapidly as we desire, I would leave them to choose
their own time, and take their own action, to ex-
ecute the duties which are imposed upon them. I
I I have very little faith in any of these means of
I forcing legislation by agreeing upon a day of
i adjournment, or by any other mode. I would
: shun the difficulty which has been pointed out by
the honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr, Cass;]
and perhaps it will require a little patience on our
part to do it. . . , v
I believe it is agreed in the Senate, ana I tunic
the chairman of the Committee on Finance so said
to us the other day, that it is impossible to get
