1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Federal Government. How has he discharged
that duty? What does the census agent himself
say? He says—and ray friend, the Senator from
Georgia, skipped over this rather hastily—
" So erroneous, in fact, was the general impression then
prevailing amongst the population rending there, regarding
the northern boundary of the ritate, that a large population
on the Klamath river was not enumerated, be'mg supposed
to be comprehended in the Territory of Oregon.''
There is the statement of the census agent that
there was a large population residing on the banks
of the Klamath river, which, because of the igno-
rance of the geography of the State, they supposed
to be within the Territory of Oregon.
Now, if that population is within the limits of
California, I ask you whether they ought not to
be enumerated when you come to fix on the popu-
lation of that State? The census agent tells you
that there was a large population on the Klamath
river, which was not enumerated, because they J
were supposed to be residents of the Territory of '
Oregon. Now, suppose—and I put this question j|
in all fairness to the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts—that an agent, appointed by the
Government to take the census of his State, had
failed to enumerate the population of several towns
which lie on the frontier of that State; and suppose
that he mentioned the fact in his report, that he
had not enumerated the population of certain towns
—naming them—because he supposed they were
outside the limits of the State—would the Senator
consider it fair—would he consider it just, on the
part of Congress, to refuse to take evidence rela-
tive to the population of those towns which were
not enumerated by the census agent?
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Senator consider me as
refusing to receive evidence? I based my whole
argument on the ground that we should receive
any evidence necessary to make the corrections in
the census as taken.
Mr. WELLER. If I comprehended the argu-
ment of the Senator upon the other side, it was
this: that it was utterly impossible to rely upon
the statements of Mr. McCorkle, or any other
gentleman, however familiar he might be with the
state of affairs in California; because you have
the returns of the census agent, your own officer,
which are quite different. I will show you the
unfairness of the manner in which the Senator
from Massachusetts quoted the statements of Mr.
McCorkle. He affirms that we are seeking to set
aside the returns of the census agent, because Mr.
McCorkle has said;
'• As an illustration of the gross inaccuracy of the census
returns from California, I will give you my estimates of a
few counties in the northern pait of the State."
The Senator from Massachusetts stopped there.
I will read to you the balance, and that will show
the degree of weight and importance to be attached
to the declarations of Mr. McCorkle. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts stopped in the middle of
a sentence. The balance of the sentence is in these
words:
" Counties with which I am perfectly familiar, and m
which I have resided for the last two years and a half."
Now, I ask why the Senator could not read that
statement, and give it whole ?
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Senator really suppose
that I had any motive in stopping where I did,
when the document was here, before the face of
every one? I did not wish to spend the time in
reading. . i
Mr. WELLER. There was but a line and a j
half more, and that was very important, for the ;
reason that it states the ground upon which Mr. j
McCorkle based his opinion. The importance to
be attached to the estimate, depends upon the ;
means which he had of being familiar with the ;
facts of which he speaks. He says, that he had \
resided in those very counties two years and a .
half, the population of which he has estimated. ;
But my ingenious friend from Georgia, [Mr. i
Dawson,]—and he is very remarkable for his in- j
genuity—has construed this declaration of the cen- j
sus agent in this manner: that the thirty-three or ;
fifty per cent, is to be added to the population :
returned in the counties of Trinity, Shasta, and
Colusi. Let us read the statement. There is ,
nothing about the language that the plainest under-
standing cannot comprehend. What is it? j
" The result of this enumeration, when completed, will, ;
with all reasonable probability, tall short of the entile pop-
ulation of the State,.iroui thirty-three to fifty per cent. - .
He says, " it will fall short of the entire popu- ]
lation of the State, from thirty-three to fifty per i
cent." JSow, I ask upon what ground the Sen-
ator can assume that it was the intention of this
agent to confine this expression to the counties of ji
Trinity, Shasta, and Colusi? ]'
Mr, DAWSON. I will answer the Senator j
with great pleasure. The marshal who wrote this j
letter to the Secretary of State of California, to be |
laid before the Legislature of that State, was a 1
resident of San Francisco, I think.
Mr. WELLER. He resided at Sacramento.
Mr. DAWSON. It is quite immaterial. He
was the responsible man; and if he was ..worn to
discharge his duties, and the returns have been
made to him from twenty-two counties, by depu-
ties sworn to discharge their duties, my construc-
tion was that that was at least prima facie evidence
of the correctness of the returns, and that when he
went on to identify a particular district, and said
that this district had been imperfectly taken, and
then said that the enumeration would necessarily
fall short some thirty-three or fifty per cent., I
drew the inference that the superintendent would
consider that enumeration as correct which he had
taken. The declaration with regard to the three
counties induced me to draw that inference. But
I took the estimated population of the twenty-two
counties at ninety-two thousand five hundred and
ninety-seven, and then added, first, thirty-three
per cent., and then fifty per cent., so as to give
California the utmost liberality, which I was de-
sirous of doing, and I even added to that thetwen-
ty-five thousand and odd for the three counties,
and it still left her short of the fractions of Loui-
siana and of South Carolina; for the fraction of
California would then be but forty-five thousand,
} while that of Louisiana is forty-six thousand, and
. that of South Carolina is forty-seven thousand.
\ My object was not in the least to make an un-
' favorable impression, and when I commenced the
| calculation I was hopeful that the thirty-three per
; cent, would make for California a larger fraction
j than Louisiana has. But instead of that I found
it to be smaller than that of either of the other
States I have named. That was the reason I pre-
sented the view 1 did, and I intended to present it
fairly and deal as liberally towards California as
I possibly could, and as I am sure the Senator is ;|
well aware. _ i
If you adopt that principle, the State which has \
the next lower fraction will want to come in; and
1 thus you will establish a precedent which will i
control all future legislation on the subject, and the 1
business of representation will not be settled so
i quietly as we intended when we established the j
law; because every Senator will feel constrained [
| to make an effort to secure for his State a larger i
j representation than she is entitled to whenever j
there happens to be a large fraction. Now, that
1 we are about to carry this law into operation, let I
! us stand on principle—a principle which may
| affect California now, and, at a future time, may
affect the State which I represent. Some one of ;
' the States must be in the condition of South Car- !
ohna and Louisiana. It is their time now, and
may be ours next. But, when the principle is
once established, if there is no change, we shall ,
get along smoothly. Hence, my determination
now is to vote against both; but if one be adopted, ;
I shall feel constrained to vote for the other, if I ;
: have an opportunity. ... |
| Mr. WELLER,. I have no disposition to en- I
j gage in the business of special pleading. The:
, Senate can determine this question by looking at j
1 the phraseology of the sentence; but, as the Sen- j
' ator from Georgia has undertaken to cipher out
1 this matter, I have one or two propositions to put
i to him, and I will be glad if he will take his pen
' and cipher them out.
I Mr. DAWSON. I will.
Mr. WELLER. Then 1 ask the gentleman to
! turn to the tenth page of this report, and look at
1 Exhibit A. He will find that, according to that
! table, the population of Calilornia is set down at
f one hundred and seventeen thousand three liun-
i dred and eighteen.
Mr. DAWSON. That includes San Francisco,
Contra Costa, and Santa Clara.
Mr. WELLER. San Francisco, Contra Costa,
and Santa Clara are in the table; but Tuolumne,
San Diego, Los Angeles, and Klamath counties
are not in it. There are four counties of the State,
then, not included in this estimate of one hundred
and seventeen thousand three hundred and
eighteen. If the gentleman will turn back to the
eighth page of the report, he will be able to find
out, in part, what are the returns fromTuolumne.
That county is set down partially at eight thou-
sand three hundred and fifty-one. Los Angeles
is set down at three thousand five hundred and
thirty, and San Diego at seven hundred and ninety-
eight. I am not able to say whether the county
of Klamath was or was not then organized; it was
taken off, I believe, from the county of Trinity.
There are three of the oldest counties in the State
which are not embraced within the estimate of
one hundred and seventeen thousand. If you add
to the one hundred and seventeen thousand three
hundred and eighteen, the returns from Tuolumne
as far as they have been received, the returns
of Los Angeles and San Diego, and you have a
total of one hundred and thirty thousand as the
population of the State. I have said before that
the census agent did not undertake to call this an
enumeration of the State of California. The Uni-
ted States were required by law to make that enu-
meration. Did their agent make it? He says
that, in these tables the returns were incomplete
from Butte and Tuolumne counties. Is that an
enumeration of the State of California? Is an
enumeration of four or five precints within the
limits of a county, an enumeration of that coun-
ty ? When the agent comes in here himself and
says to the Government, that he has only taken
an enumeration of parts of counties of a portion
of the State, I ask you whether you are to regard
that as an enumeration of the State ? I admit there
would be great difficulty about this question, if we
impeached, by collateral testimony or by second-
ary evidence, the correctness of the return of the
agent.
Mr. DAWSON. For the purpose of showing
mv friend that I have looked into this matter, per-
mit me to point him to the tables. At page 8 of
the report, table No. 5, Butte county is put down
as partially returned, and as having, according to
those returns, a population of three thousand five
hundred and seventy-four. According to exhibit
A, page 10, Butte county has a population of four
thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and there
is nothing said about partial returns. Then, in
the same exhibit, the returns of the other counties,
I including San BYancisco,Contra Costa, and Santa
1 Clara, are given and added together, making an
i aggregate of one hundred and seventeen thousand
I three hundred and eighteen.
1 Mr. WELLER. But three counties are still to
I be added to that, making a population of one hun-
dred and thirty thousand. Taking that estimate
of one hundred and thirty thousand, and adding
to it the lowest amount which the census agent
says ought to be added, that is, thirty-three per
cent., and you have the population of California as
one hundred and seventy-two thousand, giving
her the largest fraction of any State in the Union.
I ask you, upon this showing, with what sort of
justice and propriety can yon strike from that
I State one of her Representatives in the other branch
j of Congress? The correctness of this return is
impeached by the officer himself. It is true there
! is secondary evidence impeaching its correctness.
There are declarations of men, who are familiar
with that State, who undertake to say that no
confidence is to be placed in it. It is true that it
has been impeached by the legislative power of
California, who have declared that the population
of that State at that time was three hundred thou-
sand. It is true that we as Senators here may
know that there is no confidence to be placed in
the estimate which has been sent in. But we do
not rely upon that. We rety upon the decla-
ration of the officer who was intrusted with the
i duty under the law that no confidence can be
I placed in it.
1 Now, I ask you, Mr. President,and I ask Sen-
ators, whether we are to be deprived of one of our
Representatives because of the failure of your own
officer to perform his duty? There has been no
failure on the part of the people of California, but
the man whom you sent to discharge this duty
has failed to perform it. Would there be justice
in making the people of California suffer, because
the agent of your selection has failed to discharge
his duty? And yet " to this complexion it must
come at last."
In order to deprive California of one Represent-
ative in the other branch of Congress, you must
flatly contradict the return of your own ofheer.
Fie says that there has not been an enumeration
