86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
•who seemed to misunderstand my position, and
not to afford me that liberal support which they
ought to have done, when the proposition was
brought foward under such auspices. Lwitlidrew
the resolution for the additional reason, that I saw
very plainly, that if Governor Kossuth was re-
ceived on the day when it was originally expected
he would be received in New York, it was not at
all likely, from the opposition experienced here,
provided a similar opposition was presented in the
other House, that we should be able to act in time
to receive this distinguished stranger in the mode
contemplated. I stated these reasons at the time
I proposed to withdraw the resolution. I did it,
as I stated then, "without the least feeling of un-
"kindness or disrespect toward any human being in
the world; but with feelings of the-most profound
mortification, that,gentlemen had not acted up to
•what I had supposed would be their course of
conduct.
Mr. BADGER. I gave the opportunity to the
gentleman from Mississippi with great pleasure to
make these statements; because, although he has
already spoken several times with reference to this
particular point, some misapprehensions have pre-
vailed which this opportunity has enabled him to
rectify. But at the time he mteiposed I was not
referring" particularly to the introduction of his
resolution, under the sanction of the Secretary of
State; I was alluding to a remark made by the
honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
that this was a measure recommended by the Ex-
ecutive of theUniied States in his annual message.
So far as that is concerned, it seems to me that no
two things can be more clearly and distinctly sep-
arate than what is contained on this subject in the
President's message and this resolution. The
President had been desired by Congress to cause
these Hungarian patriots to be brought here in a
public ship. He had, in compliance with that re-
quest, caused them to be brought in the ship; and
they were daily expected at the time the X^resident's
message was written, -fie could say nothing less
than he lifts said. He lias simply communicated
to Congress the fact that these captives had been
brou<>hf here acconhng to their request, and he de-
sired them to do what they thought proper under
the circumstances. The President does not inti-
mate that ho wished one disposition or another to
be made of them, or of the subject. Of course he
was.bound, as President, to inform us in his an-
nual message what be had done in accordance with
our desire, and to ask us to make such further
disposition of the subject as we thought right.
Again: and now 1 refer to what my friend from
Mississippi has said, it was the desire of the
Secretary of Stale that this resolution should be
introduced. As regards his application to the
Senator fiom Mississippi for thai purpose, the in-
troduction of the subject and the withdrawal of
the resolution, we must keep dafes in view m order
to give a proper influence to these various trans-
actions. The President's message was prepared
and printed, as we all know, before the meeting
of Congress. It was in the town in which I
hsed, before ( left there for the seat of Govern-
ment. Uefore it, was sent to either 1 louse of Con-
gress it was in the possession of the postmaster,
ready lo be delivered when he should receive a
telegraphic dispatch authorizing him to do so.
Everything, therefore, in the President's message,
was prepared, written and printed before the arri-
val of th^ gentleman in tins country. The reso-
lution, offered by mv friend fiom Mississippi,
was, if 1 recollect aright, introduced on the very
first day of the session, it was withdrawn on
the Thmsday succeeding, being the fourth day of
the session, and Kossuth did not arrive in this
country until the day afterwards—until Friday.
We must bear in mind that Kossuth had been
expected to come to this country as an emigrant.
Jt v. OS in thai ^ character that a public ship was
employed to bring him here. Tt was in that char-
acter he was expected to arrive. It was with ref-
erence to that character that the President's mes-
sage referred to him. It was with reference to
the same thing the resolution was proposed to be
introduced by the Secretary of State, and that the
resolution was introduced. That state of things
continued until the lesoiution was withdrawn.
IS ever, until Kossuth landed upon our shores, did
we hav? anv authentic declaration from him of
the prrpoM-p for which he came here. We may
have drawn our conjectures from what he said in
his hasty visit to England, but we had no authori-
tative expression of his purpose in coming, and
what he expected to accomplish,"until after he
landed in this country.
Mr. FOOTE,of Mississippi. Injustice to the
Secretary of State, and to the Administration, I
must say that the object of his visit was not spo-
ken of in the interview which I had with Mr.
Webster. The reception referred to and recom-
mended by Mr. Webster was b'ased upon our
resolution of last session, ,and he suggested to me
the propriety of my moving in the matter, on ac-
count of my being, as he knew, the author of the
original resolution. I feel bound to say, that if
the Secretary of State had supposed that any ex-
pectation was entertained by Governor Kossuth
that an armed intervention was to take place on
the part of the United States in European affairs,
I think he would have been one of the last men
in the world to have requested me to offer any
resolution on the subject. I do not think now
that anything of the sort is contemplated in any
quarter.
Mr. BADGER. I am obliged to my friend
from Mississippi fortius explicit statement, which
he has made with his usual candor. It seems,
then, that so far as the action of the Administra-
tion is concerned, the President and the Secretary
of State both referred to a supposed emigrant
coming among us for the purpose of settling here,
and making this country his domicile.
Mr. FOOTE. If the gentleman understood me
as saying that the application was made to me to
introduce my resolution this session with a view to
providing for the reception of Kossuth as an emi-
grant, he misunderstood me. I slated no such thing.
If the gentleman will refer to the British papers, he
will find that Governor Kossuth stated in many
speeches in England, that he was commg to the
United States merely as a visitor in behalf of his
country, and not as an emigrant. "We ascertained
months a^o that our original expectations upon this
subject had not been founded upon actual facts.
Mr. !>Ai)OER. I understood all that before.
W hat 1 meant to say was this : Not that the Sec-
retary of State had spoken to the Senator from
iMississippi to offer this resolution to receive an
intended emigrant—not at all. It was the resolu-
tion of Congress under which the President was
directed to bring him here which fixed the char-
after and what he now expected. That resolution
contemplated his coming as an emigrant. What-
ever he might have said in England, we had no
authoritative exposition from him before he landed
here, that he was to act in any other character.
When,therefore, these proceedings took place, I
say that it is clear upon the record that they re-
ferred to an expected emigrant. As soon as Kos-
suth lands upon our shores, he assures us that we
were mistaken, and that he does not come as an
emigrant; that he does not purpose to become a
citizen of the country; but that he is here as a visitor
—not for the purpose of curiosity orimprovement,
but upon a political mission. He comes here to
agitate among the people of this country, and to
endeavor, so far as he can, to awaken among
them aspuit which may prompt intervention in
the future contest that is expected between Austria
and Hungary—intervention in order to prevent
the Czar from interfering. Now the whole char-
acter of the case is changed. We invited Kossuth,
if we invited him at all, to come here for pur-
poses personal to himself. We invited him to
come here as an emigrant and live among us. He
says, I come in no such character, for no purposes
personal to myself; I come upon a political mis-
sion, to place myself in that character before the
people of this country, and to induce them to give
me pledges that thev will make any intervention
on the part of Russia in the affairs of Hungary,
ineffectual. There has been no sanction given by
the Executive Department of this Government, in
any of its branches, to a resolution proposing to
welcome this gentleman in any such character. It
is one thing to welcome him as a distinguished
foreigner, coming from exile to settle among us,
and it is another and a very different thing to wel-
come him as a political agitator among our coun-
trymen. Whatever else may be said, it is no
dimimition of the high character this gentleman
occupies for intelligence and high standing to
say, that it is in exceedingly bad taste, in my
judgment, for a foreigner, who has just set his
foot on our soil, who comes here to invoke our
sympathies, to become a propagandist of his
opinions, to endeavor to influence the people to the
adoption of measures which he may think bene-
ficial to the cause of Hungary, without regard
either to the law or the policy of our Government;
and to hint, not obscurely, that, whatever may be
the action of Congress, he will appeal to the free-
men of the United States, as our sovereigns.
Now, when emigrants come to this country to
seek refuge from abroad; when they come to settle
among us, and to mingle with our people, to en-
joy the privileges of our institutions, to add energy
to the industrial pursuits of our country, so that
we may all together enjoy the blessings of civil
liberty, and that they may become a perpetual
strength to the country, we might well bid them
welcome. And when emigrants come to this coun-
try, as sometimes they do, who are able to min-
ister to our assistance, and to shed glory upon
our country in different and far higher spheres,
who are able to direct the thunder of our armies
in the field, and to add grace and wisdom to our
legislative counsels, I shall ever be ieady, as, if
my friend from Illinois [Mr. Shields] will per-
mit me to say, I have in respect to him already
done, to place them near to my heart. However
it may not be in unison with the temper of the
times, I say I thank no foreign emissary to come
here and assume to instruct our people with re-
gard to our duties at home or abroad. Whether
it is a member of the British Parliament who en-
deavors to provoke sectional discord, and if possi-
ble to shake the fabric of this Union to pieces, or
whether it is a Hungarian exile, however eminent,
who comes here to persuade us either to make an
empty boast and utter an unmeaning threat, and
thus expose us to the derision of mankind, or else
to mix us up in the turmoils of European politics
and cause us to expend the blood and treasure of
our free citizens in disputes with which they have
no concern, and from which they can derive no
benefit, terminate as they may, makes m this re-
spect no difference to me. I can agree to welcome
neither the one nor the other.
It may be, sir, that 1 have not got the idea of
progress which is peculiar to the times. My hon-
orable friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,]
in speaking of that policy of non-intervention
which we received from Washington, said that
what was proper then might not be proper now,
■ and he asks, Is adhering to that policy, progress ?
I think it is. A man may advance, though he
| does not change the road in which he travels. To
| make progress it is not necessary that a man should
i be perplexed and bewildered with repeated changes
j of direction, and perpetually retracing his steps,
] and beating out new and devious paths in which
| to tread. I want progress in old principles to-
! wards the full development of our institutions—to
! the consolidation of our liberty. Progress upon
I old principles to make us and to keep us Ameri-
1 canized forever. That is the progress which I
| wish.
Nor can I consider it entirely harmless in a
person to come and inflame the people of the United
States, or particular portions of the United States,
hastily to commit themselves to measures like this.
It is not only against the settled policy, but it is
against the statute law of this country. Our law
forbids armed intervention in all its forms, by citi-
zens or others from the shores of the United States,
in the affairs of other nations with whom we are
at peace.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. 1 believe the
sedition law has been repealed.
Mr. BADGER. It might perhaps be fortunate
for some, in certain events, that the sedition
law has been repealed. I am not affected by
any reference to the sedition law. There is a
sedition that does not depend upon that statute,
and although that sedition law has been repealed,
the repeal has not made sedition honorable. I
say that it is not entirely innocent for any man to
endeavor to inflame particular portions of ths
people of this country, in favor of this measure
which Kossuth desires to recommend. Why is
it not so? I was about to state why, when the
anticipative genius of the Senator from Missis-
sippi at once sprang far ahead of me, and he saw
in his mind's eye that bugbear of the Democracy—
the sedition law. We have a statute which forbids
all armed intervention from this country in the
affairs of any nation with which we are at peace.
That statute forbids the sending forth, or setting
