185 ]
THE CONGRESSWAL GLOBE.
■m
on foot, of any such expedition, and it necessarily
condemns all preparatory steps by which such a
result is to be produced. If they do notfail within
the provisions of the statute, so as to be punishable
by law, they certainly and indubitably are morally
criminal in their character.
What does this gentleman {Kossuth] want these
fellow-citizens of ours to commit themselves to?
Why to this: that this country shall furnish the
material and means to prevent the Emperor of
Russia from interfering in the future contest be-
tween Hungary and Austria. What means ? Pa-
per resolutions, printed protests, or protests writ-
ten upon parchment with the seal of the United
States attached? How much do we suppose they
will sway the mind of the Czar? Wo, sir, the
moment we take that ground—the moment we oc-
cupy the position he desires, (1 do not say what
gentlemen here contemplate,) we will have, in my
judgment, placed ourselves in such a position that
we must advance in the event of a future conflict
and the interposition of Russia, which I suppose
is just as certain as the future conflict itself, or we
must ingloriously retire. We must either abandon I
the policy of the country and involve ourselves
in distant and future quarrels, of which no man can
foresee the issue, or after having threatened we
must ignobly retreat. I am willing to welcome for-
eigners who come to our shores for just and laud-
able and useful purposes, but I am not willing to
welcome by my vote any man who comes here to
endeavor to commit the citi'/ens of this country to
any intervention in foreign transactions. In say-
ing this I do not mean to cast reproach on Kossuth,
for I can understand the enthusiastic temper and
the character of the man. I can understand how
he has been led, on his first landing in the United
States, to believe that our people were ready to
pour by thousands and hundreds of thousands,
to join his standards. It is natural. He is wrapt
up in Hungary. He is devoted to Hungary. He
lives for Hungary, and he is prepared to die for
Hungary. We can understand his natural feeling
on this account. We can understand his strong
desire to solicit aid for his country; but when I
am called upon to vote for a resolution, and wel-
come to our shores one who has openly and pub-
licly made this announcement of his purposes—
one who has made the most powerful appeals to
the passions of his auditors everywhere, I cannot
help seeing that the inevitable interpretation of the
proceeding must be that we receive him in that
■character; that we indorse him as a political mis-
sionary, I take it that, by doing that, we would
ivelcome him here as one who is to receive assur-
ances of armed intervention to prevent the inter-
ference of Russia in a future quarrel between
Hungary and Austria. I do not think that such
a course is consistent with what I owe to my own
country. While I would hold myself ready to
adopt any measure which I believed to be just,
reasonable, fair, and honorable towards this unfor-
tunate exile, 1 cannot, by giving my consent to this
resolution, aid to mislead him into believing that
he will receive any such aid from us.
Again, Mr. President, it has been said that we
owe°this testimony to Kossuth as the great im-
personation of the principle of free government.
It has not been my fortune, though I do not pro-
fess any large knowledge on this subject, to have
found in the past history of Kossuth any evidence
that he occupies such a position. 1 have watched
with interest the struggle between Austria and
Hungary, and felt a sincere and anxious desire
that Hungary should succeed in vindicating her
independence. I was satisfied, from the examina-
tion I was able to give the subject, that the Emperor
of Austria had violated the fundamental conditions
upon which, for centuries, the originally independ-
ent Kingdom of Hungary had been attached to
the Austrian Crown, and fell under the control of ;
the House of Hapsburg. It was not a contest to j
establish republican institutions, according to our i
understanding of the term. I have no evidence of j
any such purpose. It was a war for national in-
dependence—a war justifiable on the part of Hun-
gary, because the fundamental condition of union
had been violated, and because that violation was
obstinately persevered in—and, therefore, whether
Hungary had intended to establish a despotic or
free government for herself, I should have heartily
wished for her success in the conflict. It was the
cause of national independence, not of republican
institutions, which Kossuth urged. I doubt very
much whether, in the whole struggle, the idea ever
entered into his mind of a broadcast sowing of
liberal principles and equal rights among his coun-
trymen. He wished to establish an independent
State and Nation under the supremacy of the
Magyar race; leaving the Sclavonians and other
-inferior castes to occupy the position that they had
before occupied when the kingdom was connected
with Austria. That I think is what he wished.
It is a mistake, therefore, it seems to me, to sup-
pose that Kossuth, in his struggles in Europe, was
the imbodiment of the principle of American free-
dom—freedom as we understand it. A country
may be absolutely independent, and yet thoroughly
despotic. Such is Russia. A country may be
absolutely independent, and entirely aristocratical
or absolutely independent and thoroughly Demo-
cratical. The interior regulations by which the
public authority is distributed and the rights of the
citizens are secured, are totally distinct from the
position which in external relations makes the state
or sovereignty.independent. I am willing to admit
that Kossuth represents a high principle—the prin-
ciple of national independence, but not that of
republicanism. When this subject is carefully
considered, I think it will be found that the whole
of it resolves itself into this: that Kossuth was
expected or invited here as an emigrant—he came
as apolitical emissary; and the question is, whether
there is anything in our past history—in our pres-
ent condition, in our present purposes, or our
future prospects, which sheuld induce us to pass
a resolution of this kind ill favor of one coming
amongst us in that character and under such cir-
cumstances. .
It has been said that his proceedings in Hungary
were like those out of which sprang our own Dec-
laration of Independence, and our State constitu-
tions—our demands, originally small, growing
larger as we advanced m strength. This, I think,
is a mistake. Our fathers did not increase their
demands on the British Government from time to
time. They preferred a claim at once for all the
rights of Englishmen—the rights which their an-
cestors enjoyed in England and brought here.
They demanded no more. Although my friend
from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] seemed to sup-
pose that Englishmen, as sucli, have no rights,
our revolutionary fathers claimed before the Dec-
laration of Independence no rights but the rights
of Englishmen. It was an invasion of their birth-
right as English suhjectsof which they complained.
For years they solicited the Crown and Parliament
to maintain or restore to them their ancient rights,
and when these solicitations had proved ineffectual,
then, as a last resort, they flew to arms and de-
clared themselves independent. They scarcely
waited an hour after that declaration befoie the
several States formed constitutions for themselves;
and what do they imbody in them? The principle
of Eno-lish freedom—such as the habens corpus, and
the trial by jury; the liberty of speech and of the
press; and when they came to frame their own
declarations of rights, where did tlsey resort for
the materials out of which they were to be framed?
Did they not resort to that very England? Assur-
edly they did. They struck off the external form
of monarchy, and they provided by republican
forms for the security of their rights—the civil
rights which they had enjoyed as Englishmen, but
which, in consequence of the changes of time, had
become insecure or threatened by their connec-
tion with that country. They did not begin by
making small demands, and hypocritically reserv-
ino-tothemselves until they acquired more strength
the whole of what thev required. All they asked
at all, they asked at first. They asked the rights
of Englishmen, as they understood them—as they
had enjoyed them—as long as hope of success re-
mained, and when that hope was over, they de-
clared themselves independent, and provided, by
republican constitutions, security for themselves.
That is what they did.
There is therefore, so far as I can see, notnmg
in our history, or the history and present position
of Kossuth, which should induce us to pass this
resolution. But if we do pass it, 1 am totally
unable to perceive why gentlemen should object
to the amendment which my friend from Georgia ,
proposes, to include the associates of Kossuth in •
the same welcome with himself. If we are to
welcome the one, why not welcome the other r is
Shall he be selected for this honor because, instead
of landing- on our shores quietly'* as'- they have
done, and enjojring the hospitality*, he has "occu-
pied his time in inflammatory addresses to the
people ? Is this a reason why lie should be singles!
out from his fellows in captivity, and have afline
this distinguished honor ? Whatever we do for the
one, in the way of honor and compliment, let-us
do for all. Ih my judgment, the American Con-
gress would act wisely to do tio Such thing as is
proposed by this resolution in respect to any of|he
parties; but if to one, then surely to all alike.
Mr. President, I wish not to ue misunderstood
about this matter. I would be far from offering
any indignity to the distinguished man who has
come upon our shores. Par, very far be it from
me to do so. He who is the victim of oppression,
he who has fallen in a contest nobly maintained
for the maintenance of national independence,.and
seeks our shores, I would always receive with the
most cordial feelings. He may forfeit them by his
subsequent conduct; he may forfeit them by show-
ing that he brings a restless spirit with him, which
islncompatible with the security of any State; but
my first impressions must always be decidedly and
heartily in his favor. In making these remarks,
1 have merely given my reasons for declining- to
vote for the passage of the resolution; and for
deeming it eminently proper, if it passes at all,
that the amendment proposed by the honorable
Senator from Georgia should be attached to it.
Whatever may be the state of public opinion at
present—excited, strongly and naturally excited,
as the people now are—a calmer moment will ere
long arrive. And if this resolution shall be adopt-
ed, I believe that at no distant day the whole
American people will understand the character,
and tend ency, and consequences of this resolution-
will understand that, in the circumstances which
surround us and give it significance, there is a
great deal more implied than empty compliment or
honorary gratulation; a great deal more than we
can do in consistency with our past history, and
with a just regard for our own interests and future
peace and welfare.
Mr FOOTE, <tf Mississippi. I wish to call the
attention of the Senate, and of the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Badger] especially, to what
I know he is as familiar with as any other man ill
existence—to one of the amendments to the Con-
stitution of-the United States, which reads as fol-
lows:
" finntww shall make no law respecting the establish-
ment of religion, for prohibiting the free exercise thereof,
or abridsnrifr^rlie freedom of speech or of the press, or the
ri^ht of the people peaceably to as&emble and petition the
Government for a redress of grievances."
I suppose that under that clause no one can
doubt the right of the people peaceably to assem-
ble The right of freedom of speech is also fully
secured. Therefore it seems to me that any gen-
tleman, especially such an individual as this, invi-
ted to our shores and brought in a national vessel,
might at least make a public speech without being
denounced as apolitical emissary. I think he might
be allowed to reply in a decent and proper manner
to the addresses made to him by other persons.
I venture to say that my friend from North Caro-
lina, if he will look into the public prints of New
York, will find that the demeanor of this gentleman
since'his arrival here has been modest, dignified,
and judicious; that he has shown no intermeddling
spirit; that he has not agitated against our institu-
tions, but that tinder the most extraordinary tests
he has manifested a disposition not to interfere in
the least possible degree with domestic auestions of
any kind. He has said expressly that his mission
is in behalf of his own country, and that he should
deem himself disgraced if he were to utter or write
a single word which could possibly be miscon-
strued to an intention on his part to interfere in
our domestic concerns. Thece are the facts of
the case. His speeches are all of one tenor and
character. Yet the gentleman seems to conceive
that inconsequence of certain acts of Governor Kos-
suth, he is justified in denouncing him as an emis-
sary. He cannot certainly be both an emissary
and an emigrant. The gentleman's knowledge of
philology has not, I think, been exactly as accu-
rate on this occasion as it usually is. If he is
an emigrant to this country, how can he lie an
emissary
We know that he is not an emigrant;
because in England he took occasion to
iiorm
it because the associates of Kossuth have made jj world that he came here as a
no political speeches that we will leave them out ? the w note civuu.
