1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
inhabitants of California; that it is imperfect; that
it ib partial; that some sections of the country
had not been returned at all. If that be the case,
there is no actual enumeration of the inhabitants
of California.
We have a law upon the statute-book providing
that until there is that actual enumeration, under
the Constitution, California shall be entitled to two
Representatives. Then we have the act of 1850,
providingthat thewholenumberof Representatives
shall not exceed two hundred and thirty-three;
consequently we are m a dilemma in regard to
California. We cannot very well reduce her num-
ber, because she may stand up here and say you
gave us by law two Representatives, upon the pre-
sumption that we had a population sufficient to
entitle us to them, and that we should have them
until there was an actual enumeration. She might
very well, then, ask us under what authority we
could proceed to say that we had allowed her too
many Representatives heretofore. It is a viola-
tion of the condition on which California was ad-
mitted into the Union, if you divest her of one
Representative before you have enumerated the
inhabitants under the Constitution. Now, I should
like to know from my friend from Georgia whether
he has reexamined the tables and documents, and
is prepared to say that the officers of the United
States have reported that they have made a perfect
enumeration of the inhabitants of California, ac-
cording to the act passed for that purpose.
Mr. DAWSON. There are twenty-four coun-
ties which have been enumerated.
Mr. BELL. Has their census been taken per-
fectly or imperfectly ?
Mr. DAWSON. It is stated that the census
has been imperfectly taken in some of the coun-
ties.
Mr. BELL. So I understand. It is an imper-
fect enumeration. There is no actual enumera-
tion, and we cannot indulge in speculations or
conjectures as to how many more inhabitants there
were in California than were enumerated. We
cannot assume that the officers of the Government
have done their duty without giving great dissat-
isfaction to the people of California. We cannot
reduce the number of her Representatives without
leaving it to her people to say that it is a violation
of the law under which she was admitted into the
Union. IIow, then, is the case left under the act
of 1850?
The honorable Senator from Illinois, and the
honorable Senator from Texas, seemed to go upon
the assumption that South Carolina is entitled,
under the act of 1850, to a member for her frac-
tion. The act of 1850 provides that the whole
number of Representatives shall not exceed two
hundred and thirty-three. If you are bound, then,
to allow out of that two hundred and thirty-three,
two members for California, then there is 110 frac-
tion to be represented for South Carolina under
the act of 1850. And it seems to me that we come
back to the question stated by the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. It is a question whether
you will allow South Carolina to have the benefit
of her fraction, or will let the representation stand
as provided by the law, which already provides
two Representatives for California until you make
an enumeration under the Constitution. If Cali-
fornia is entitled to two members, then,under the
act of 1850, South Carolina is not entitled to a
Representative for her fraction, and you will have
the full number of two hundred and thirty-three,
without giving her a member for her fraction. If
this enumeration had been completed, and we
could then see that California ought to be divested
of one of her members, South Carolina would, of
course, be entitled to a member for her fraction,
and it would be a hardship to deprive her of it;
but until that time, it seems to me that South Car-
olina has no just right to complain, because the
act of 1850 having been passed in anticipation of
an actual enumeration, she took the risk of being
unrepresented on a large fraction. Louisiana
stands on ground affording scarcely less reason
for complaint on her part. It does seem to me that
if we depart from the act of 1850, and allow two
hundred and thirty-four members for the House
of Representatives, it might be a very serious
inconvenience. It might turn out to be a great
inconvenience in having an even number, if we
were to have one member more, it would still
further unsettle the ratio established by the act of
185U; but even that seems to me preferable to
allowing the even number two hundred and thirty-
four. 1 would ask, again, the honorable Senators
from Illinois and Texas upon what ground they
take it for granted that South Carolina is entitled
\ to an additional member on her fraction of forty-
seven thousand ? It seems to me that the contest
is between South Carolina and California, and if
the case is so situated that we cannot deprive Cal-
ifornia of one of her Representatives, then, under
the act of 1850, South Carolina is not entitled to
a Representative for her fraction.
Mr. RUSK. That would be true, if by this
i bill it was proposed to give representation to Cali-
fornia; but that is not so. The amendment which
has been proposed by the Senator from Maine is,
that the representation from California, in conse-
quence of the incorrect returns from that State,
shall stand at what it is now. By the act of ad-
mission, she was entitled to two Representatives.
Nobody disputes the constitutionality of that. 1
admit the fact suggested by the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, that we get into difficulty by pot
having correct returns from California. We are
m difficulty in determining what number shall be
divided by two hundred and thirty-three, so as to
j give the ratio of representation. That is a diffi-
culty which is in our way, and it is not very easy
■ to get clear of it. I propose to get clear of it by
| taking the returns as we have them made to us.
The pomt is not very material, because it will
only make a very slight change in the number
which is to be divided by two hundred and thirty-
three, in order to get the ratio.
Mr. BELL. Still it unsettles the matter, and
that is my objection to it.
Mr. RUSK. If you make up for California,
and exclude South Carolina, you commit a greater
error, because you have to assume, not only that
the returns of California are not correct, but that
they give her a fraction larger than that of South
Carolina.
Mr. SHIELDS. I admit the dilemma as stated
bythe Senator from Tennessee. Wemustgetout
of it in some way. Now, I assume that the case
of California is an abnormal case, as it were; that
you must provide for it by itself, as if there were
no law on the question, it being a peculiar case.
The question, then, is this: Will you leave her
without any representation? Will you increase
her representation, or will you diminish it ? What
datahave you to do either of these? Then you must
legislate for California precisely as if there were
no law in existence in regard to the subject. You
must make a law and apply it to the particular
case.
Every one admits that South Carolina is entitled
to a Representative under the general law. Her
fraction entitles her to that. You must, therefore,
let South Carolina have that to which she is en-
titled; for any derangement, any confusion, any
irregularity that has occurred in California ought
not to deprive South Carolina of a member for her
fraction. It would be unjust to deprive her of her
member. I agree that you have to abandon your
law; that you must provide for California as a
separate case, and legislate for it by itself.
Mr. HALE. I feel no desire to do anything
here, except to vote as I ought to vote on this sub-
ject. But it strikes me that there have been one
or two mistaken views presented by several gen-
tlemen who have spoken on this subject. Some
of them have gone upon the idea that some of the
States now have a vested right to one Representa-
tive m Congress under existing laws, and they
speak of depriving a State. That is not so. The
statute under which the several States are repre-
sented in the present House of Representatives
expires by itself when the seventh enumeration is
made. And the act under which the members of
that body now hold their seats is entitled "An act
for the apportionment of Representatives among
the several States according to the Sixth Census."
The Constitution requires the census to be taken
once in every ten years. Then that act is dead.
If I may be excused for using two Latin words,
it is fimctm officii.
Mr. BADGER. Not exactly, for the new ap-
portionment will not take effect until the 3d of
March next.
Mr. HALE. It has performed everything, or
it will have performed everything, by the expira-
tion of the present Congress; and, without some
new legislation, no State can be represented in the
I next House of Representatives. The State of
New Hampshire, from which 1 come, will have,
in the next House of Representatives, but three
members; but then she is not deprived of any
Representative, because the present act will have
expired by that time: and to find out what she is
entitled to, she will have to look to the seventh
enumeration, which the Constitution requires to
be made, and to the legislation of Congress, which
is necessary to give efficiency to the provision of*
the Constitution. It is perfectly idle" to talk of
California, or any other State, being deprived of a
Representative, because she does not get-as many
under the seventh, as under the sixth enumera-
tion. I beg gentlemen to lay aside any idea of
depriving California, New Hampshire, or South
Carolina, of a Representative. They are not
deprived of a Representative until they are de-
prived of one to which they are entitled under the
seventh enumeration, and the acts of Congress
which have been, or may be passed in accordance
with it. There can be no possible view of the
case, in which it may be said that California is
absolutely and certainly entitled to two Repre-
sentatives; and that, if she does not have two, she
will be deprived of her rights—unless we look at
it as a part of the great compromise measures
which saved the Union; and, looking on this.as a
finality which would be disturbed by taking away
one ot the members of California. I do not sup-
pose anybody takes that view of the subject. I
am perfectly willing, if there is any good proof
on which her claim can be established, to give
California an additional member; but it must be
upon some competent evidence.
If the evidence is sufficient to authorize us to
proceed to give to California another Representa-
tive than the one provided for, it must be because^
we have evidence to satisfy us that she has the"
necessary population,while the same evidence must
satisfy us that no other State, not having a fraction
so large as California, can have a Representative
for that fraction. It seems to me that is perfectly
plain, unless we are going to abandon entirely the
law we passed for the taking of the Seventh Cen-
sus. If we abandon the whole of it, and say that
the number of Representatives shall not be two
hundred and thirty-three, which is the number
fixed by that law, but that it shall be some other
number, will not other States, upon the same prin-
ciple, come in with their fractions of thirty-six
thousand, of thirty-eight thousand, or of forty-five
thousand, and ask that the question may be re-
considered, and claim an additional member in
the general division which we are going to make?
It seems to me, that if we are to proceed under
the Constitution and under the law, the question
is, whether there is sufficient evidence to satisfy
us that California has a larger fraction than South
Carolina ? If you have got that evidence, then give
her the Representative, because she is entitled to
it. If there is the evidence to satisfy the Senate
that she is entitled to it, and you do not give it to
her, then, and not till then, you deprive her. But
the very same moment you come to that conclu-
sion, it seems to me, if there is anything in the evi-
dence, you comealsotothe conclusion that South
Carolina is not entitled to the Representative.
We live in a day of compromises; and I have
no sort of fear that we shall get into any difficulty
here. It is said that we have got into a dilemma.
Well, the way to get out of a dilemma is easy,
particularly after the experience of the last two
years. It is by compromising. I suppose there
will be a compromise here. Inasmuch as Cali-
fornia is not willing to give up her Representative,
because she thinks she has evidence enough to
entitle her to it, and South Carolina is not willing
to give up what she thinks she is entitled to, as
the record now stands, we shall settle the matter;
it seems to me manifest destiny will settle it.
They will both take the Representative. That is
the result to which we shall come. That is the
result to which we point. But when we do that,
let me tell gentlemen they take a wide departure
from the Constitution, and they open a very wide
door. I believe it will be the first time, to say the
least of it, that Congress has ever undertaken to
give a Representative over and above what was
shown to be due by the actual enumeration which
they had made. That will not be the case m re-
gard to California, if you say that you have evi-
dence enough to satisfy you that the enumeration
has not been made. But, in the case of South
Carolina, it will be manifestly giving a Repre-
