88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
visitor for legitimate purposes. How can the gen-
tleman call him an emissary when he has not been
sent ? The word emissary is derived, as we all
know, from two Latin words—the preposition e or
ei* and initio, to send. Who sent him ? I under-
derstand him to come here ex sua volimtate, to some
extent. We declared the consent of the people—
yea more than their consent—that he should come
and receive hospitable entertainment from us, and
interchange sentiments with us upon those ques-
tions on which every lover of freedom must feel
an intense interest.
Although I entertain sentiments of the greatest
respect for my friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger;] although there is no one whom I esteem
more highly, yet 1 must say that he has uttered
doctrines this morning which, if carried to their
full extent, would make this the most absolute
despotism in the world, break down the freedom
of speech which we now possess, and lead to
such violent and despotic proceedings as have out-
raged our sensibilities in republican France, and
goaded the French people once more to the brink
of civil revolution. I know the gentleman did
not contemplate anything of the sort, but such
would be the result of his doctrine. • He seems
to intimate that some interference should take
place to prevent the speeches now being made
by Governor Kossuth, which, in my opinion, are
decorous, and modest, and eloquent. Certain
portions of the American people have freely and
voluntarily assembled, not only for the purpose
of hearing him speak, but far the purpose of con-
straining him to speak by addresses delivered to
him. This the gentleman seems to consider a
great public grievance, and outof this he conceives
great mischief is presently to flow- He seems to
think that if this is allowed, it may have an inju-
rious effect on the public quiet of the country, and
tend to jeopard our free institutions.
The gentleman will allow me to say, in conclu-
sion, that I would rather have traveled five hun-
dred miles, on one of the hardest trotting horses
in Christendom, without cessation and without
sleep, and have submitted to till the discomforts
that could possibly be experienced by a traveler
under such circumstances, than listened to such an
harangue from a gentleman whom I admire and
love so much.
Mr. BADGER. It is one of the ordinary dex-
terities of accomplished debaters, among whom
everybody knows the Senator from Mississippi
occupies a high station, to put into the mouth of
an adversary, language which he has not used. 1
have neither said nor intimated that I think Gov-
ernor Kossuth should be arrested in his course of
speeches.
Mr.FOOTE. I understood thegentleman to com-
Slain of the speeches now being made by Governor
Kossuth, and to say that such speeches were dan-
gerous, and to intimate clearly, that in his opinion,
some steps ought to be taken, either positive or
negative, to arrest him in what he deemed to be
his mischievous course of proceeding. I suppose
that the honorable gentleman meant that we should
use the moral influence which would necessarily
grow out of a refusal to do him these honors at
the present time, and nothing more.
Mr. BADGER. I said nothing of the kind;
and I said nothing from which anything of the
kind could be inferred.
Mr. FOOTE. Did not the honorable Senator
speak of moral sedition ?
Mr. BADGER. I said nothing about moral
sedition. I said this, and I will repeat it, that when
I am called upon to give a vote of thanks to a for-
eigner who lands upon our shores, if I find him
engaged in making political harangues to our peo-
ple, the avowed object of which is to commit them
to a course of conduct that may involve us in brag -
gadocia toward a foreign Government, or in for-
eign war, that is sufficient reason with me to re-
fuse that vote. I said that while the law of the
land forbids any steps being taken for the purpose
of organizing or setting on foot any such for-
cible interference with foreign States, it is not to my
mind an entirely innocent thing for a foreigner to
attempt to commit our people to the accomplish-
ment of such an object by previous declarations.
That is what I said, and what I thought.
Mr. FOOTE. Did not the gentleman say at
that point of his remarks, that the incipient step
by inflammatory addresses which might lead to
such a result was, in his judgment, highly censur-
able, and calculated to have a mischievous ten-
dency, which, in his opinion, should be counter-
acted?
Mr. BADGER. I used no word of the kind.
I said that if the law forbade the ultimate accom-
plishment, the incipient steps could not be innocent,
whether punishable or not. I said nothing about
inflicting punishment. I was assigning reasons
why I could not vote for the resolution. It may
seem very extraordinary to the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, but he must pardon me for saying, that
with all my respect for and deference to him I
must be governed by the exercise of my own judg-
ment. The Senator gets up and reads an amend-
ment to the Constitution about the liberty ®f the
press and the liberty of speech. I have impugned
neither right.
A short time ago we had another political emis-
sary in this country. If the honorable Senator
dislikes the name of emissary, he may dignify
him with the name of missionary. We had a
Mr. Thompson, a member of the British Parlia-
ment, coming over here exercising the liberty of
speech, goingabout addressing public meetings in
the New England States, endeavoring to stir up
sectional feelings between different portions of the
United States.
Mr. FOOTE. He was intermeddling with our
domestic institutions.
Mr. BADGER. Undoubtedly.
Mr. FOOTE. Governor Kossuth has not done
this.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly not.
Mr. -FOOTE. Therefore the cases are not
alike.
Mr. BADGER. The cases are not the same,
but they may nevertheless be alike. If he who
comes here to stimulate us to a domestic war is
blameable,I think he who comes here to instigate
us to a foreign war may be likewise blameable.
It is the difference between "same" and "alike."
The two cases are not the same, but they are
in one respect alike.
I do not undertake to say whether Thompson
could have been prosecuted and punished for any-
thing he said. The Government of the United
States has no sedition law, therefore, that would
depend entirely on the laws of Massachusetts, and
the other States, in which he made those flagitious
appeals. Still, I have no hesitation in saying that
I consider the conduct of that man as a great in-
dignity, as a brutal insult, and as an infamous
transaction on his part. When I say that, I do
not intimate that he should be put in the pillory
and whipped, because he made these speeches.
I am called upon here to give a vote in favor of
this resolution, which, it seems to me, must be
understood by the world as indicating that we ap-
prove the course Kossuth is pursuing, and theobjec-
for which he came. I do not approve of the course
he is pursuing. I do not sanction the object for
which he came; therefore, I will not, directly or
indirectly, place myself in a position in which it
can be attributed to me that I approved of it.
I am very sorry that my friend from Mississippi
has such an idea of the character of my speech.
Mr. FOOTE. I thought it a very good one.
Mr. BADGER. We who have been here for
the last four or five years have heard him char-
acterize one hundred speeches in the same way.
I have noticed that if any one makes a speech
against any ground which the Senator from Mis-'
sissippi supports, particularly if he makes a pretty
good speech—that is, aspefceh which hasany sense
or reason in it, and which it is not so very easy
for him to answer, he gets up and expresses his
perfect astonishment and horror at hearing such
barbarous, monstrous, and preposterous doctrines
advanced, (laughter,) and declaies that he would
rather travel five hundred miles on a hard trotting
horse than listen to him. (Great laughter.)
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President; Under an
expectation that the first part of the amendment
proposed by the honorable Senator from Georgia
[Mr. BerrienI would secure some favor to this
resolution, which it might otherwise lose, I yes-
terday intimated that I would give it my support.
But discovering now that no such advantage is
to be gained, I beg leave to recall what I then said.
I shall vote with the original friends of the measure
against the amendment.
I will suppose now that the opposition made to
this resolution is effective. I will suppose that the
measure is defeated. Let us look to the con-
sequences beyond. What are they? Kossuth,
admitted here to be the representative of the down-
trodden constitutional liberties of his own country,
and the representative of the up-rising liberties of
Europe, shakes from his feet the dust that has
gathered upon them on American shores, and re-
turns to the Eastern Continent—returns upon a
point of honor with the United States of America,
and therefore, in a practical view, returns as he
will say, and those devoted to his cause will say,
repulsed, driven back. Where, then, sir, shall he
find welcome and repose? In his own beautiful
native land, at the base or on the slopes of the
Carpathian hills ? No! the Austrian despot reigns
absolutely there. Shall he find it in Germany,
east or west, north or south? No, sir; the despot
of Austria and the despot of Prussia reign abso-
lutely there. Shall he find it under the sunny
skies of Italy ? No, sir; for the Austrian monarch
has crushed Italy to the earth. Shall he find it in
Siberia, or in the frozen regions of the North?
No, sir; for the Russian Czar, who drove him
from his native land and forced him into exile in
Turkey, will be ready to seize the fugitive. The
scaffold awaits him there.
Where shall he go ? Shall he seek protection
again from the sceptred Turk? The Turk would
say, You have eaten my salt as a voluntary cap-
tive, and I sheltered you until you left me under the
seductions of the Republic of the United States.
If you come now, the laws of my country and of
my God will not oblige or allow me to hazard the
peace of my own people again to extend protection
over you. Where, then, shall he go ? Where else
on the face of broad Europe car, he find refuge but
in the land of your forefathers, in Britain ' There,
God be thanked, there would be a welcome and a
home for him. Are you prepared to give to the
world evidence that you cannot receive the repre-
sentative of liberty and republicanism, whom Eng-
j land can honor, shelter, and protect ?
But, Mr. President, will this transaction end
there? I fancy that I see the exile winding his
lonely way, with downcastlooks, along the streets
and thoroughfares of the great metropolis of
Britain and the world, forsaken and abandoned,
but not forgotten. Will it end in that > No, sir.
Beyond us, above us, there is a tribunal, higher
and greater than the Congress of the United States.
It is a tribunal whose- existence and jurisdiction
and authority we have acknowledged, and to
whose judgment-seat we hare already called the
Turk, the Austrian, and the Russian, to account
for their action in regard to Hungary and to Kos-
suth. It is the tribunal of the public opinion of
the world—the public opinion of mankind. Sir,
that tribunal is unerring in its judgments. It is
constituted of the great, the wise, and the good of
all nations—not only of the great, and wise, and
good who are now living, but of the great, the
wise, and the good of all ages. Before that tribu-
nal, States, great and small, are equal. Aye,
before that tribunal the proudest empire is equaled
by its humblest citizen or subject. Yes, the In-
dian and the serf are equal there to the American
Republic and to the Russian Empire. I know no
living man entitled by the consent of Christendom
to preside in that august tribunal. But there is a
venerable form that spems to rise up before me, and
all the congregated nations and people deferentially
make way as he advances and takes the judgment
seat. ItistheshadeofFranklin. And there I see the
parties opposed. On the one side stands Hungary,
downcast and sorrowful, but she is surrounded by
the people of many lands, who wait her redemp-
tion and their own. On the other side 1 see the
United States of America, sustained—most singu-
lar conjunction !—by the youthful and impatient
Bonaparte, the sickly successor of the Romans,
and the Czar of all the Russias. I hear the im-
peachment read. It is, that the United States have
dishonored and insulted theunfortunate represent-
ative of unfortunate Hungary; that they found
him a captive in Asia Minor, under the protection
, of the Turk, but subjected to the surveillance of
i the Russian Tyrant; that they addressed to him
words of sympathy and hope, and that they
brought to the doors of his captivity a national
vessel, with their time-honored flag, and badehim to
come upon its deck and be conveyed to a land of
constitutional freedom—a land where the advo-
cates and champions of universal liberty were sure
to enjoy respect and sympathy and fraternal wel-
come; and that when they had so seduced him
