1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
sentative as it now stands. I confess the matter
is difficult. I do notknow exactly how to get out
of the difficulty. If I had not been m the Senate
for the last two or three years, and seen the way
in which we can get out of the most difficult laby-
rinths into which we can possibly be thrown, I
would have no faith in it. But pass any act you
please," and call it a compromise, and it will lead
us safely through the difficulty, and glorify the
authors of it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think I can tell the
gentleman how to get out of the dilemma, by read-
ing to him a clause of the Constitution, and making
a few remarks upon it. The Constitution says:
"Representatives arfd direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States which may be included within
this Union, according to their respective numbers, which
shall be determined by adding to the whole number of free
persons, including tho&e bound to service for a term of
years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of all
other persons."
There is the great constitutional rule. It says
that Congress shall apportion Representatives and
impose direct taxes according to federal numbers.
That is the rule. That is the essence of the Con-
stitution. But now it is asked how are the num-
bers to be ascertained? The subsequent parts of
the Constitution are merely directory. The sub-
sequent parts of the Constitution say that during
every ten years you shall make an enumeration—
an actual enumeration is the language. But these
are directions of an executive character, given for
the purpose of obtaining information on which
you are to act. The difficulty in this case is that
it is said that you have not got the information—
you have not got the actual enumeration. Admit
it—what then are you to do ? If you have not got
precisely what the Constitution has directed, what
are you to do? I say that, like every other case,
you are to take the best evidence of which the
case is susceptible. You are bound to carry out
the injunction of the Constitution—to apportion
the representation according to federal numbers.
The rule is given by which you shall inquire and
ascertain these numbers. The rule, it is said, has
not been accurately observed in this case. In the
absence of the required information, which you
would obtain by the execution of the rule, what
are you to do? You are to get the next best tes-
timony that you can, and, when you have got it,
you are to execute the great injunction of the Con-
stitution.
Let me now advert to a case. There are in Ten-
nessee, by way of illustration, three districts—
Eastern, Middle, and Western Tennessee. Sup-
pose the marshal of the middle district of Ten-
nessee should make no return at all, but that the
marshals of the eastern and western districts make
their return?. Then you would have the consti-
tutional information upon which to do justice to
Eastern and Western Tennessee; but you would
lack the information as regards Central Tennessee.
What are you to do in such a case? May you
not consider that correct information as far as it
goes? and then, may you not go into an estimate
of the probable increase of the middle section, by
comparing the increase in the various decimal
periods for ten, twenty, or thirty years back, and
make an estimate in that way ? you may do that.
You can thus use the information as far as you
have obtained it, and you can use the rate of in-
crease by comparison, taking the different pre-
ceding decades and making a rule; or, if you
please, you may resort to the statements which
gentlemen conversant with the middle district of
Tennessee may make. All this, you perceive,
will be adopting the second grade of evidence. It
is approximating—doing the best you can in ex-
ecuting the great constitutional rule.
Suppose, now, the case which has been put in
regard to Massachusetts. Suppose there was no
return at all made of Massachusetts. What would
you do in such a case? Then you must of neces-
sity cut down the State to the one Representative
allowed by the Constitution, under all circum-
stances; for the Constitution says each State shall
have at least one Representative; or if you enlarge
her above one Representative, you must do it Sy
endeavoring to ascertain the population of the
State. May you not, in pursuing this investiga-
tion as I have suggested, ask yourselves, has the
State increased since the last census, which was
accurately taken, or has it fallen off? Suppose
that, by comparing two or three preceding decades,
you should find that the State had been standing
still—had neither increased nor fallen off—might
you not consider the relative situation of the pop-
ulation at different decennial periods, for the pur-
pose of ascertaining whether you ought to take
the population returned ten years before, or adopt
a different rule ? It is clear to' my mind that in a
case of that sort, if no return should be made from
Massachusetts, it would not follow that you should
reduce the State down to one Representative, but
you may take the population of the preceding ten
years, and compare it with periods of ten years
for twenty or thirty years back, and by this com-
parison Congress might come to a conclusion as to
what it would be right to allow the State. With-
out going into any calculation—without intending
to go upon the figures which gentlemen in various
parts of the Hall have presented, it does seem to
me that it is our duty to ascertain, as between South
Carolina and California, which is entitled to this
member, and to adhere to the number two hundred
and thirty-three, at which the House of Represent-
atives was fixed by the law of the last Congress."
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, it seems to
me that a part of this discussion has proceeded
upon a misreading, or at least upon a misconcep-
tion, of certain words of the Constitution. It is
as to the meaning attached to the terms, " actual
enumeration." Some Senators have used the
word " actual," here, as synonymous with, and
equivalent to, the word 44 accurate;" thus proceed-
ing upon the assumption or supposition, that pre-
scribed an " accurate enumeration." Such is not
the language, and such could not have been the
meaning of the Constitution. While it was cer-
tainly desired, and was as certainly contemplated
by the Constitution that accuracy m the enumer-
ation should be sought, and must be at least ap-
proximated, it as certainly was not prescribed m
terms, and is not attainable in practice. If such
a requirement had been made, it could not have
been complied with. It is utterly impracticable.
It will not do to assume that because the Consti-
tution requires "an actual enumeration" upon
which to make the apportionment, and because
California is found not to have had an accurate
enumeration of her population, therefore there
has been no such enumeration as prescribed by
the Constitution. The effect of that would he to
exclude the returns from every State in the Union;
for, I apprehend there is not a Senator here who
will not say that the enumeration of the popula-
tion in his State has not been accurate. I can safe-
ly say that it has not been so in my own State. I
am satisfied that the Senator from Texas [Mr.
Rusk] will say that it has not been accurate in his
State by a very large number, perhaps forty, or
fifty, or sixty thousand. The Senator from Tex-
as asserts to the extent of sixty thousand. There
has been an " actual enumeratien" for California,
in view of the Constitution, precisely as there
has been m the other States. There has been a
count there, and that is what the Constitution
means by "actual enumeration;" but whether
that count has been accurate or not, is another
question.
Mr. WELLER. It is not contended, in the
case of California, on the face of the returns that
they are full. It is in regard to the other States.
Mr. BORLAND. This view, I have so far
presented, does not affect, at all, the vote I shall
give upon the proposition before the Senate. I
suggest it to show the manner in which I arrive
at the conclusion which determines my vote. It
brings me to the conclusion, that South Carolina
is entitled, beyond dispute, to an additional Rep-
resentative. I assume what we are bound to as-
sume, unless we undertake to revise the returns
from all the States, and decide upon the accuracy of
all that the returns from all the States constitute an
"actual enumeration," under the act of 1850,
passed in compliance with the Constitution.
This " actual enumeration," of all the States,
clearly entitles South Carolina, as sh£ has the
largest fraction, to an additional Representative.
Although we might undertake to repeal the act of
1850, to strike it out from the statute-book, we
could not deprive South Carolina of the Represent-
ative to which that act, by virtue of the Constitu-
tion, has given her. It has become her right by
virtue of a law passed by the Congress of the
United States in conformity with the Constitution,
and we cannot now deprive her of that right. It
is hers, by our constitutional act, and beyond our
control.
We are, also, in my opinion,equally precluded
from taking advantage of California to her injury,
by an act which must be called 44 our own wrong."
In the sense I take the words, the returns from
that State are defective and inaccxirale; yet, in
view of the Constitution, and of the act of 3850,
and for all legal effect, constitute an "actual enu-
meration." But their inaccuracy is our fault, and
not that of California; and as the effect of that fault
of ours, unless corrected and counteracted by us,
will inflict serious injustice and injury upon her,
there is nothing clearer to my mind, or more bind-
ing upon my sense of justice, than the obligation
upon us to afford her protection in the only way
now in our power.
Mr. BELL. I should like to ask the honorable
Senator why it is that he says that South Carolina
has a vested right under this act? Let me read
him the words of the act of 1850:
"That so soon as the next and each subsequent enumera-
tion of the inhabitants of the several States, directed by the
Constitution ol the United States to be taken, shall be com-
pleted and returned to the office of the Department of the
Interior, it shall be the duty of tlie Secretaiy of the Interior
to ascertain the aggregate representative population of the
United States," &c.
Now, I want to ask him, has that ever been
done?
Mr. DOWNS. Returns have been made.
Mr. BELL. But have they ever been com-
pleted? When^I was up before, I meant merely
to state that I saw no vested right in this case at
all. What I objected to was the unsettling of the
number, two hundred and thirty-three, which was
fixed for the House of Representatives. I say
that there is no vested right aboutthe matter under
this act. I assume that ground; and I should like
the honorable Senator to allow it to be inquired of
the Secretary of the Interior whether he has made
any report upon this subject-r-whether there has
been a complete enumeration according to the
words of the act of 1850 ?
Mr. BORLAND. I will answer the honorable
Senator according to my knowledge and under-
standing of the act. It is very certain that the act
of 1850 meant, by the completion of the returns,
the close or ending of the official action of the
agents employed by the Secretary of the Interior
to take the enumeration. It could have no other
meaning. It would not apply to the accuracy of
returns; and of course meant a performance of
the duty, and a return of what the officers had
done. Then commenced the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, which was to take these re-
turns, which constituted the " actual enumeration"
which the Constitution requires, ascertain their
aggregates by addition, and then divide them
by two hundred and thirty-three, to determine
the ratio of representation as required by the act
of 1850. These were not to be, and were not,
arbitrary acts of the Secretary; nor was the num-
ber to be ascertained by the addition and division
an arbitrary number, at his discretion. The
" actual enumeration " was prescribed by the
Constitution, was provided for by the act of 1850,
and was " completed" by the returns being made
by the marshals to the Secretary of the Interior.
Upon the occurrence of this series of events, the
whole " actual enumeration " was complete, the
ratio of representation was fixed, and the number
of Representatives to each was determined. The
further action of the Secretary was ministe) ial only,
and was to be performed by a very simple arith-
metical calculation, whereby the aggregate of the
returns was to be divided by two hundred and
thirty-three, and the result, or in arithmetical lan-
guage, the " quotient," was the ratio of represent-
ation; and then the division of the returns, or
" actual enumeration" of each State respectively,
by this " quotient," or ratio, ascertained the num-
ber of Representatives due of right, by virtue of
the Constitution, and under the act of 1850.
I wish the Senator from Tennessee to under-
stand that I proceed upon the ground that an
<$ actual enumeration," whether accurate or not,
is what is prescribed and intended by the Consti-
tution. Upon this "actual enumeration," with-
out regard to its accuracy, of which he has no
power to judge, the Secretary of the Interior was
bound, under the law, to make the addition and
then the division; and thereby having ascertained,
not fixed, the ratio and the representation, to
announce the result to the country, so that each
State should learn her rights, and conform her
action to them.
