1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
branch of Congress is governed by such a deter-
mination. If any one desired to discuss this ques-
tion, so as to make that appeal, the proposition
should have been started at an earlier day. Why
are we delayed now, and constrained to continue
this session of Congress down to the 31st ot Au-
fust? It is from the want of the appropriation
ills. Is that the fault of the Senate? Notatall.
The Constitution requires that all appropriation
bills shall originate m the House of Represent-
atives,
Several Senators. No! No! No'
Mr, CASS. Tax bills only.
Mr. DAWSON. Well! All bills for the pur-
pose of raising revenue; and we have adopted the
principle that all bills of this nature should origin-
ate in the House of Kepresentntives, so that it has
acquired the force or" a constitutional provision.
That is whet X*wished to day, and what I wish
to be understood. Now, these appiopriation bills
have not leached us; the fault is not ours; nor,
perhaps, is it that of the House of Representa-
tives. Bat, supposing that the House of Repre-
sentatives had been determined to force these meas-
ures through, and to force an early adjournment
of Congress, had they not the power to do so' j
Are parties so equally divided m the House of!
Representathes that it is with ditficulty that yon j
can get an appropriation bill presented: I pre- j
same not. The majorities are tremendous in both ;
branches of Congress. Why, then, insinuate the i
remark that 'he Whi^s are desirous of adjourning \
without passing the appropriation bills: ^VJ.y in- j
sinuate that one party is desirous of preventing!
their passage ?  Such an infhnnco has not operated j
on either party. The delay has grown out of the
peculiar character of the present Congress, and ;
out of the exciting circumstances connected with j
it. We find ourselves subjected to the influence;
of these circumstances, and we cannot avoid it. ;
We must adjourn, and we must pass the appro- :
priatimi bills, and the question it--: What is the bent j
plan to adopt for the accomplishment of that ob- J
ject? j
The other day, I voted for the motion to mi j ourn j
on the 16th of the ensuing month; nud i did so !
under the conviction, at that time, that the House j
of Representatives would be enabled to send the
appropriation bills to us sufficiently earl} to act <
on them before that day; as the Senator from Illi- (
nois [Mr. Shields] stated that we would be able ;
to pass them a!i m ten days, I had no difficulty In ;
voting for that resolution. But it semis now Unit !
the House cannot send the bills .von enovu;h >o !
adjourn at that date, and the only difficulty I have I
in changing my vote in this: it will appear, by the 1
record, that the House of Representatives asked '
us to adjourn on the 16ih of next month, and that |
we refuse to do so. Is that a position which we 1
ought to occupy? My friend, the Senator from]
Alabama, [Mr. Clemrns,] informs us that, the j
chairman of the Committer of Ways and Means j
in the House of Representatives says, that it will be !
impossible to adjourn before the last day of August, j
Weli, perhaps that statement by theehaiiman of I
the Committee of Ways and Mcons will change i
the aspect of things; but why h ^ not the chair- '
man of the ComnntUeof Waysnnd .\b',.i<sc.u>sed j
an intimation to be sent to this bod;, . of t!v im- [
practicability, or impossibility,<>f adjournment on '
the 16th? That House is computed, mimed:;pfly, 1
of the representatives of the people; for the dis- :
charge of their duty they ore directly answerable i
to the people; our (jrovernment is a"representative ;
Government, and us, m accordance with its loans, '
that House is an emanation from th^ people, nud 1
is answerable to them, it must alonv bear the '
blame of thf  delay; let us, therefore, adoj-r any ■
resolution relative to the adjournment the the rep- !
resentatives of the people may send, and leave :
them to make the necessary explanation?, and 1
bear the responsibility.
1 prefer, like the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. -
Pratt,] that we should run the risk of passing j
these bills, rather than accept the position that we :
now* occupy, for it seems probable that the ques- (
tion—who is to blame for tie deiny in the bust- \
ness of this Congress? will become a matter of'
discussion. It appears to be made a question be- |
fore the country; and I desire that the represent-
atives of the States should stand correctly before |
the public, and that the immediate representatives :
of the people should assume their own response- j
hilitiep. If these bills had been reported to us as 1
early as the month of June—and seven months
should have been sufficient to prepare them—we
should have passed them, and would be ready to
adjourn to-day, but we have not yet seen them.
Nevertheless, the business of the Senate is now
as far advanced as it ever has advanced during a
long session of Congress; perhaps more bills have
been passed now than ever was passed during
any long session heretofore held.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes; I think more.
Mr. DAWSON. A nd yet the imputation which
seems to rest on us is that we have failed to dis-
charge our duty. Why should that imputation
be permitted to rest on us?
1 beg to say that Congress has the power to
change the day of adjournment, even after it has
been fixed by a concurrent resolution. If we con-
cur in this resolution, and the House of Repre-
sentatives find it out of their power to get through
with their business at the time fixed, let them send
us another. That will place us in a proper attitude
before the country. I say nothing on this question
which I desire should go to the country for the
purpose of influencing the public mind. All I de-
sire is that the Senate may be placed fairly on
this question, and occupy the position before the
country which it really does occupy. These are
my views, and therefore I urge that we should
adopt the lesolutiou sent to us by the House, and
Icl the House send us back another, asking an
extension of the time, if they desire it. We know
what committees have to report last: The chair-
man of the Committee on Finance in the Senate,
and the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means in the House. Can any one say that the
chairman of the Committee on Finance here has
not discharged his duty ? Certainly not. He has
brought everything before us for our action, which
belongs to his committee; and if m the other
branch of Congress everything has not come up,
in consequence of the great amount of business to
be acted upon, and on account of the great num-
ber of members of the Hou.se, who in conse-
quence cannot yet with so much facility as we do
—perhaps they are not to blame, because their
machinery is such as to cause more delay necessa-
rily—that is not our fault. Let them say to us,
if they find that they cannot get through with their ,
business on the Kith, " We were mistaken when j; devoted' to them. You may fix the day of ad
the tariff. There are improvements which may be
made in rivers and harbors which may be needed;
but I do not intend to vote for the bill blindly.
Suppose that bill is lost, as it was before, and as
it shall be again, if I can defeat it under the same
circumstances, every Whig speaker in the North-
west will tell his people that this Congress have
refused to do justice to the Northwest, and thus
claim the election of the Whig candidate for the
Presidency. Gentlemen know these things will
happen. I do not intend to place myself, nor the
party with which I act, in such a position. I in-
tend that the appropriation bills shall take their
regular course. If they do not come here within
the three days of the end of the session, as the rule
requires, I will take the responsibility of killing
them. So with regard to the river and harbor bill.
I shall vote for the earliest day for adjournment,
and then I will kill their buls, if they do not come
here in due time.
Mr. RUSK. I do not think that the question
whether the Hou.se or the Senate is to blame, nor
which of them is entitled to the most credit, nor
do I believe that any question respecting the dis-
solution of the Union, or want of respect by this
body toward the other, is involved in this sub-
ject. I think the only question legitimately be-
fore us is, whether or not we can pass the bills
upon which we arc to act before the 16th of Au-
gust. Gentlemen say we have not time to doit.
One gentleman says we have not time to discuss
them properly. I suppose that if we could dis-
cuss them until we were saiisfied, we should not
adjourn this year. Auother gentleman says that
j he is informed by the chairman of the Committee
| of Ways and Means of the House, that It is im-
| possible to get through those bills by the time
j they had fixed. I have great respect for the opin-
< ion of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
i and Means; but I have another opinion myself,
! and I believe that when pressed into the service
! he can do a great deal more business than he sup-
| poses. We have now more than three weeks to
i go upon before the 16th of A"gi5st, and the ques-
! tmn is, whether the two Houses can pass the
regular appropriation bills by that time it is a
! longer time, according to my recollection of what
' has happened in the past, than we have ever
, we passed the resolution." Hence I urge that we
j should adopt the resolution. One Senator has said ;■
| that if we had concurred in the resolution when it jj
i first came here, they would have been ieady to i;
i adjourn on the lGth of August, but because we ■
| did not concur in it, and hold them up to indus- !'
; trious habits, they have fallen back in the bust- ,j
1 ness. That is not so, ' think. Let us take the !j
j resolution as it is, and adopt it, and (hen if they :i
! are not ready to adjourn v  e shall not be to blame. )!
I Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator from Georgia j
[Mr. Dawson] has asked why the chairman of p
the Committee of Ways and Means has not com-
municated the information to this body, that they 1|
cannot get through with the business in the House, I,
so as to adjourn on the lGth of August? That js ;
i n very singular question. I do not know any j
means which he has of communicating officially i
! with thi,-' body. It happened that he was standing j
• by my seat while this discussion was going on, \
! and 1 asked linn the question: Can you get through ;
; with the business of the House by the itith? He ;
I said, "No, we cannot; but I believe if you had 1
adopted the resolution when it was first sent, the
; House would have been induced to work up to it;
: now it is too late, it is impracticable." That is the ,
way in which it was communicated to me, and !
■ that is the only manner in which the chairman of i
the Committee of Ways and Means can commit- 1
; jiicate to this body, that is, through the individual i
| members of it.
j As the Senator from Georgiahas chosen to refer j
' to a playful remark made by me, that I had no j
I idea that there was a Whig member of this body \
i who would not like to see the appropriation bills i
| fad, so that they might charge their failure upon j
! the Democrats of this body, I must say, and sayj
i it seriously, too, that I see and know what must'!
be the result. There are questions pending here j
for the revision of the tariff, and it may very well >
be, that that tariff should be amended, and i may
be in favor of some amendments; but if the bill?
are lost for want of time, what will be the result?
Every Whig speaker in Pennsylvania will tell the
journment at the 39th of August, or the 30th
of September, and these appropriation bills will
be passed in the same hurly-burly fashion, as if
you fix the day at the 16th of August. They
will be acted upon in precisely the same manner,
bccause the moment you fix the time, and extend
it, other matters will come up, and presidential
speeches will b#  made, and alt the time we shall
have to pass the appioprmtion bills will be the
very last days of the session. The time of adjourn-
ment is approaching, and there is much anxiety
on the subject, and a desire that we Miouid have
as much information as possible with regard to
important measures which must be passed: but
my own opinion is that have ample time, and
that we shall give as much time to the appropria-
tion bills if we determine to adjourn on the 16th
of August, as we sha'I have if we extend the time
to the 31st. Und*;r these circumstances* I intend
to vote for concurring m the resolution as sent
here by the House.
The business that may r-n iin unfinished aithe
end of the session will come upai the next session
without o re-reference to committees, and I think
that on the whole it will be beirer for us, and better
for the country, that we should have thenopropna-
tion bills passed on the IGth than on the 31st of Au-
gust. I have been two or three times dreadfully
alarmed for fear that the appropriation bills would
be lost, but I never imend to be alarmed again. I
saw the clock pointing to near the last moments of
the session, and I becked gentlemen for God's
sake to pass the«'j hit's. My friend from Mis-
souri [Mr. Atchison] «sked me not to bee; gen-
tlemen so earnestly, and said there was no danger
that the appropriation bills would be lost. And
after that we had ample time, for we did pass
them, and had half an hour to spare.
Mr. STOCKTON. Being one of the humblest
mernbeis of this august body of the representa-
tives of the Federal Republic, I have been slow to
participate in this discussion, and certainly should
have said nothing on the subject if it had been
confined to the mere question of agreeing to a day
people that the Democrats prevented their getting ' of adjournment. Rut s question has been con-
