1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from a place of obscurity but of safety, and had
thus brought him to their own shores; and ^hen
he stood waiting there for one simple word of
welcome, one simple look of recognition, they
turned away from him, spurned him from their
presence, and cast him back upon the charities of
Christian or Turk, in whatever land they might
be found.
That is the impeachment. And the United States
hold up the right hand and answer, "Not guilty."
I see the books of testimony opened on behalf of
Hungary. Here they are. A resolution of the
Congress of the United States of America, passed
in the year 1850, tendering the hospitalities of the
nation, and the use of a national ship, to Louis
Kossuth; then the message of the President of the
United Suites, in 1851, calling upon Congress to
say what shall be the ceremonial of receiving him
who has been brought here under their authority;
and then the record of this Senate, that upon a di-
vision of its members, a resolution of welcome
was rejected. That constitutes the case on the
part of Hungary. Sir, the United States appear
m that august tribunal by learned and eloquent
defenders and advocates. I see there my ardent
and enthusiastic young friend from Alabama, [Mr.
Clemens,] and the candid and learned Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] the impulsive
and generous Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Daw-
son,] the very learned and astute advocate who has
just taken his seat, [Mr. Badger,] and, lastly, he
who holds the first place in our veneration of living
Senators, save only one, (Mr. Clay,) the honorable
Senator from Georgia, who is now absent, [Mr.
Berrien.] I listen to the long, elaborate, and
earnest defence which they make against this im-
peachment. Hungary declines to reply; and
Kossuth, the orator of modern times, upon whom
she leans for support, for the first time overcome
by a sense of cruel insult, is silent, dumb.
The defence is weighed by that august shade,
in whose placid countenance I read at once the
sagacity of the lightning hunter and the common
sense of Poor Richard. "You say, that your
invitation to the Magyar 'justified on his part and
on the part of Hungary no expectation of a wel-
come.' How, then, came Kossuth, how came
Hungary, how came the world, how came you,
how came your President to misunderstand the
invitation which was addressed to the exile?
When did you fiist revise your diplomacy to
ascertain to what extent you might abridge the
hospitalities to which you had invited him ? Not
until you were committed before the world. You
say that ' Kossuth was invited to be a resident, to
become a citizen of the United States, and that
he came, on the contrary, as a transient guest.'
Grant it; what then? Is a welcome less due to
him whom you have invited as a perpetual guest,
when he comes to thank you and decline the
courtesy, than if he had accepted it and become a
perpetual charge upon your hospitalities? You
say that the honors to Kossuth ' were moved in
your Senate by ambitious aspirants for place and
distinction.' Has, then, my country degenerated
so much that there are no true, genuine patriots
in the Senate of the United States who could lead
that illustrious body in the discharge of so great
a national obligation ?
You plead that the Hungarian chief' was a noble
by birth, an aristocrat by education and associa-
tion, and that he had devoted himself in an effort not
to disseminate the spirit of universal liberty, but
to fortify the privileges of the Maygar racc?' If
that be so, did you not know it when you invited
him? If you did not, how can you justify your
ignorance of a character that was blazoned to the
■world? But it is not true. Kossuth's first public
action in early youth, was an effort, trough the
Hungarian Diet, to extend equal privileges of rep-
resentation, of suffrage, and of taxation to all the
people of Hungary, without distinction of rank, or
cast, or race. For his fidelity to the great cause
of human equality and freedom he was imprisoned
three long years in a dungeon in the castle of
Buda by the hand of the Austrian despot. When
he came out from that captivity, he commenced
that career of agitation for the restoration of the
constitution of his country, which ended with suc-
cess in the year 1848. When he had wrung that
charter from the Emperor of Austria, his consti-
tutional king, the first exercise of Hungarian au-
thority by the Legislature which he directed, was
an act which abolished all the feudal tenures, that
brought land within the reach of all, and put the
Croat, the Waldachian, the lllyrian, the Jew, and
the Maygar upon the same platform of equality
before the law, equality before the government,
equality in representation, equality m suffrage,
and equality in enduring the burdens of govern-
ment. It was for this that he was hunted from
his native land and came an^exile to your shores.
Who pursued him there with reproaches of false-
hood to freedom.? Not the Jew, the Croat, or the
Sclave, but the tyrant of Austria, who has reduced
all the people of Hungary, of whatever rank or
race or cast, to the level of slaves.
You say that \ ou were willing to give Kossuth
a welcome, but that,   demanded more. How did
you know that he ' demanded more?' How did
you learn that Kossuth demanded more than a
cordial welcome? Where did he ask of you even
so much as a welcome? Was it in your capital?
To whom did he address his extravagant and of-
fensive reclamation ? Was it to your President? to
your Ministry? to your Congress? No; all alike
refused to receive him, refused even to hear him
speak, and yet you say he demanded too much.
You closed his mouth before he had time to tell
you what he thought, and what he wanted, or whe-
ther he wanted anything. But you reply he was
overheard to say that he expected arms, men, mo-
ney, ' materialaid, and intervention.' Overheard?
What! did you deliver Kossuth from Russian
surveillance in Turkey to establish an espionage
over him of your own? Shame! shame to the
country that so lightly regards the sanctity of the
character of a stranger and ail exile. But you say
that he would have demanded intervention. Sup-
pose he should? Would you have been less able
to have met that unreasonable demand after hav-
ing accorded to him the exact justice which was
his due, than you are now when you have done
him injustice, and thus clothed him with the sym-
pathies of your people and of mankind! But you
aver that he spoke irreverently of your authority:
he was overheard to say, in the outgushing of his
gratitude to the generous people who received him
on Staten Island, that the people were the sover-
eigns of the government of the United States? and
you cannot pardon that offence. What if he did
say that? Are not the people the sovereigns of the
Government of the United States? Which one of
your Senators or Representatives dare deny in his
place that the People are his sovereigns? But you
say that you had a precedent; that you once too-k
offence at a Minister of Prance who assumed the
same position. You refer to Genet. But there is
no parallel. Genet was a minister of a Govern-
ment actually hostile, almost belligerent. He was
ill negotiation, and his demands were denied. He
took an appeal from the decision of your Govern-
ment to the people. But Kossuth is no minister.
He is your guest. He went to you not to nego-
tiate, or to demand a right. He went by your in-
vitation to enjoy your hospitality. You have deci-
ded nothing against him. He submitted no appeal.
I do not say that you ought to have granted in-
tervention had it been demanded. But I do say
this, that the Hungarian would have demanded
no more of you than, in a strait less severe than
his, I solicited and obtained for the United States
of America from the Bourbon of France. Could
you not have pardoned him for asking what you
had once asked and obtained for yourselves ?
Was it so great a fault in him to suppose that
now, in the day of your greatness, prosperity,
and power, you might not be unwilling to do for
Hungary what, in the day of your infancy, pov-
erty, and weakness, France had done for your-
selves? You say you stand upon precedent.
Precedent? Bv whom established? By your-
selves. Was Hungary concluded by such a pre-
cedent? And what precedent? The precedent of
the reception given to Lafayette? Was not even
that reception grudgingly given by the Congress
of the United States? If the ashes of Lafayette
could be reanimated, and he could present him-
self again upon your shores, would you not now
willingly accord him a greater than the welcome
he before received at your hands?—a welcome,
such as it was proposed to give to Kossuth t
Wherein does the parallel between Kossuth and
Lafayette fail ? Lafayette began his career as a
soldier of liberty in the cause of your country; but
he pursued it through life in an effort to establish
a republic in his own beloved land. Kossuth found
the duty which first devolved upon him was to
wage a struggle for freedom in hisown bountry.
When overborne there, he became, like Lafayette,
a champion of liberty throughout the-world. You
say that the Russian might have taken offence.
Is America,then, broughtso low that she fears to
give offence when coijimanded by the laws of na-
ture and of nations ? What right had Russia to
prescribe whom you should receive and whom
reject from your hospitalities? Let no such hu-
miliation be confessed.
Thus in the tribunal of the public opinion of
mankind, all our pleas are disallowed. We have
exposed ourselves to the eensure—I will not Say
to the derision, of the world.
It is said, Mr. President, that there is danger
of intervention if we accord these honors; that
intervention will follow them. No, sir; it is not a
question of intervention future, but of interven-
tion past! There has been intervention already.
Russia has intervened and Hungary has fallen by
that crime. Kossuth is an exile upon our shores
in consequence of it. What we have done already,
was by manifesting our sympathy for him, to ex-
press our abhorrence of the intervention of Rus-
sia, which has worked so great injustice, and to
rebuke and prevent such intervention hereafter.
What do we now propose to do ? To grant a
welcome to Kossuth. It is but the fit conclusion
of an action already near complete. I greatly
fear that we do not understand our own interests in
this great question. We cannot extinguish sym-
pathy for freedom elsewhere, without extinguish-
ing the spirit of freedom which is the life of our
own Republic.
Again, sir, you may reject Kossuth; you may, if
you please, propitiate despotic favor by trampling
the exiles of all Europe under your feet. But
what will you have gained? This Republic is,
and forever must be, a living offence to Russia and
to Austria, and to despotic powers everywhere.
You will never, by whatever humiliations, gain
one friend or secure one ally in Europe or Amer-
ica that wears a crown. It is clear that the days
of despotism are numbered. We do not know
whether its end is to come this year, or next year,
or the year after; in this quarter of a century or in
this half of a century. But there is to come,
sooner or later, a struggle between the repre-
sentative and the arbitrary systems of government.
Europe is the field on which that struggle must
take place. While the representative principle is
gaining strength among the people, the power
of Russia is seen to culminate. That struggle will
be between Rusgia, whose power extends across
the whole northern part of the Eastern Hemis-
phere, and all the people of southern and western
Europe* If the Russian Autocrat prevail in that
contest, we shall be left without friends or allies
in the Eastern World. Is it wise to deny ourselves
the benefits of alliances with States kindred in
political interests and constitutions? Far other-
wise; true wisdom dictates that we lend to Euro-
pean nations, struggling for civil liberty, all possible
moral aid to sustain them until they can mature
and perfect their strength for that great conflict,
through which they are doomed to pass. The
nations that we thus lawfully aid to raise up, will
constitute a lasting and impregnable bulwark for
ourselves.
Mr. RHETT. I do not rise to debate this
question, although I might have thought of saying
something. I rise merely to suggest to the Sen-
ate, that as we have had a Very long discussion
on this subject, and as the gentleman who offered
the resolution has had an opportunity of replying
to its opponents, we should now take the vote.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I rise simply to say,
that I have paired off with the Senator from Ma-
ryland, who has been called home this evening.
But for that, I should vote against all amendments
and for the original resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to say that I have
paired off with my colleague, [Mr. Rusk,] who is
too unwell to appear to-day.
The question being taken on the first branch of
the amendment of Mr. Berrien, that the welcome
offered to Kossuth be extended to his associate
Hungarian exiles, resulted—yeas 13, nays 27; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Borland, Butler, Clarke, Clem-
ens. Dawson, Geyer, King, Morton, Spruance, Under-
wood, Uplinm, and Walker—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Brodhend, Oass,
Chase, Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Felon, J MB,
