1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1865
nected with this discussion which seems to render
it my imperative duty, as a representative of the
State of New Jersey, to say a few.words in rela-
tion thereto. In the first place, however, I must
say that I do not concur in the reproaches which
have been cast upon the other branch of Congress
on account of any supposed delay in their busi-
ness. If any delay has occurred, the reason is to
be found in the great amount of business which
Congress has had to consider and to act upon.
Nor am I disposed to find fault with any of the
discussions which have taken place on the subject
of presidential candidates. They have been mostly
interesting, and I do not know that they have
interfered with the business of Congress. The
business of Congress requires reflection and in-
formation, which is not to be attained in this
Chamber alone. So far as X am concerned, sir,
my mind has been move devoted to the considera-
tion of the public business in my own than in the
Senate Chamber. Therefore, so far as my voice
goes, I am ready to acquit both Houses of Con-
gress of any neglect of their appropriate duties.
The delay,if any, has been caused bytheamount
and the importance of the business we have had
before us. Though I am as desirous of returning
to the bosom of my family as any member of this
body can be, I would prefer that the resolution
should lie on the table for the present; and until
I can see more clearly the probable time when we
may hope to finish the public business in a satis-
factory manner to our constituents,^ well as
ourselves.
Mr. President, 1 had no disposition to discuss
this question, and but for the exciting speech
made by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Bctler',1 I should have remained silent. The
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] spoke of
the importance of the harbor and river bill; and
another Senator spoke of the importance of the
tariff bill. With regard to the first I have but
little to say at present, except to concur in its im-
portance. With regard to the tariff, I must be
permitted fo say that I regard it of more conse-
quence to my constituents than any other bill
which has been, during the session, or is now
pending before Congress. The tariff—ay, sir,
the tariff—the mere mention of which startles gen-
tlemen from their propriety,and drives them head-
long into the question of the dissolution of the
Union—I have to tell such gentlemen, let them
come from where they will, or represent whom
they may, that there ore two sides to the ques-
tion of the tariff; snd, Democrat as I am, I intend
that, on all proper occasions, my voice shall be
raised in the Semite, and out of the Senate, in be-
half of the poor laborer of the North; and he who
represents the slave labor of the South may raise
his voice as potential as he sees lit, he will not
alarm, but find me prepared, to the best of my
poor ability, t" defend the interest of the free
laborer of the North. But, sir, do not misunder-
stand rae. ! repudiate the doctrine of a tariff for
the purposj of protecting one interest more than
another interest, one section more than another
section. We are not to consider the interests of
fragments, but of the whole people; not of States,
but of the nation. Sir, we must seek for some
sound, well-settled principle upon which to rebuild
this theory of the tariff.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair must remind
the Senator from New Jersey that the question is
not upon the tariff, or upon any other bill.
Mr. STOCKTOX. I am aware of that, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator can allude
to the subject of the tauff generally; but it will
not be in order, upon the present question, to go
into the merits or demerits of any tariff.
Mr. STOCKTON. What I mean to say is
this: that the tariff bill is a matter of so much
consequence, that it behooves Congress not to
adjourn without modifying it; and I give that as a
reason why we cannot now fix a day for adjourn-
ment. Besides, sir, the tariff bill to which I al-
lude, is not for protection of manufacture! s; it is
not to be a tariff exclusively for revenue; but it is
intended to protect millions of our tellow-citizens,
v/ho earn their bread by the toil of their own
hands. I can tell the Senator from South Caro-
lina that their interests are not much longer to^be
disregarded. Sir, this Government rnay survive
the effects of the most disastrous battles; we may
regain iost territory; but I tell him and others to
be warned in- time—that we may not be able to
resist the importunate remonstrances of a free, but
impoverished and degraded people.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 he Senator from New Jersey
is under a great mistake. I made not the least al-
lusion to the tariff. However, I suppose he may
as well hang his speech on what 1 said, as on
what was said by any other Senator. I certainly
made no allusion to the tariff—not in the least.
Mr. STOCKTON. What I meant to say is
this: that the tariff belongs to the business of
Congress, and is entitled to as much of our time
as any other matter. If the Senator from South
Carolina did not speak of " free trade"—if he did
not make use of that expression which naturally
leads to the consideration of the whole subject ot'
a tariff—then I stand before the Senate corrected.
Several Senators. He did. He did.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to correct the gentle-
man. I believe thatif he chose to take the remark
which I made in that view, he might have used it
for the purpose of dilating upon the subject. I
think, however, that the subject of the tariff was
freely spoken of by the Senator from Alabama;
and the remarks of that Senator, it appearjgLo me,
might have afforded the Senator from New Jer-
sey a better text than my remark in regard to
" free trade." The connection in which I spoke
of free trade—and 1 hope the Senator from New
Jersey, while he is in favor of the tariff, will not
undertake to controvert the great doctrines of free
trade—was in relation to California. Though that,
as far as I know, does not involve the tariff, yet
in candor to the Senator I must admit that I did
speak of California as a probable ally against
one which might be a prescriptive and protective
tariff. My remark may allow that interpretation,
but I used it at the time with no s'.'ch purpose.
I did not wish to introduce into, this debate any
topic which did not properly and legitimately
relate to the subject. I did, perhaps, manifest
some little temper, because I thought that some
topics had been introduced here which ought
not to be introduced, 1 will not say deliberately,
but perhaps inadvertently. I think the Senator
from New Jersey is atliberty to make his remarks
both in regard to what was said by the Senator
from Alabama and myself, for I believe we both,
in some measure, said something in relation to
the question of a tariff—-though all that I said was
a mere allusion, in the most casual way, to the sub-
ject of free trade.
Mr. STOCKTON. All that was necessary to
fill the measure of my surprise on heai mg the
Senator's explanation, was for hnn to have added,
that what lie did say, was said in the most ami-
able.and unexcitable and courteous manner. He
put interrogatory in regaid to free tiade. I
do noWemember its precise purport. But, :r, I
am willing to confess my homage to the sublime
and simple truths of Adom Smith, and the disci-
ples of that school of political economists. I will
go further, and sty that I believe ali the efforts
that have been urged against ins leading doctrines,
and those of Ricardo on rent, hove failed; but
their application to this country, in Us present
condition, in relation to the rest of the world, and
in reference to the •'omtxiercial policy of other na-
tions, is an entirely different question—the great
question. It does appear to me, (not designing
anything offensive,) the most absurd thing in the
world to be wrangling and quarreling about the
abstract theories of free trade, when we have
staring in the face the necessity of raising fifty
millions of annual revenue, which has, since the
origin of Government, and must continue to be,
almost entirely obtained from duties on imports.
Now, sir, what 1 claim is the right, as a represent-
ative of New Jersey, interested as she is in the
development of her iron, not to allow any re-
proach as to its importance, any insinuation as
to its unconstitutionality, or any sneer at efloits
made to modify the tariff without remarks from
me. I hope before the session is over that gen-
tlemen will have to face the music on that same
question of the tariff. We mean, if we can, to
•ret it up before the Senate, and we intend to ex-
plain to the Senate, and to the people, our objects,
views, and motives in doing it. New Jersey
means to insist that von shall unlock the hoaids
of treasure which slumber in the mountains that
traverse her territory, as well as that of a sister
State. She means to insist that by doing so you
will not violate the Constitution; that you will only
be fulfilling your obligations to further other in-
i terests besides those of commerce and agriculture;
and I say this to show the importance of sitting
two months longer, rather than avoid this great
question. - -
Mr, HUNTER. I am constrained to ask if it
is in order to debate the tariff on this resolu-
tion ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly not; but the
Chair was unwilling to interrupt the honorable,'
Senator.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am very much obliged
to the Senator; but if he had taken the same
trouble to arrest the extraordinary excitement of
his own friend, he would not have had occasion
. to interfere in my behalf. [Laughter.] I did not
! intend to say a word about the day of adjourn^
j ment. But, sir, you may expect to wake up New
Jersey whenever the tariff is agitated; you may
then look out for her. [Laughter.] I will now
relieve you, Mr. President, by no longer persisting
in this debate.
Mr. BORLAND. X shall not enter into the
general considerations which have been presented
at such length on this subject; but shall confine
myself to the simple question before the Senate, and
state, in as few words as I can, the reasons which
control my vote. They are not personal tomyself,
so far as convenience or comfort are concerned
—although I have as strong reasons, perhaps,
in this respect, to induce me to adjouru at an early
day, and go home, as any other Senator. Nor
is it a question with roe as to whether the Senate
or House is to blame for delay. It is a practical
question, however, with me, whether there be
time allowed—reasonable time—for th^passage of
the important bills which are before the two
Houses of Congress. Feeling as much concern,
I apprehend, as other Senators, for the passage of
bills which are general in their character, and
which affect the interests of the wh'ole Union,
I have, at the same time, a particular interest for
that region of country in which I reside, and for
bills relating to it which are now at stake before
the two Houses. Without undertaking to give
the reasons, 1" express my conviction, that there
is not time, between this and the Kith of August,
for the passage of those bills; and I deem it to be
of a great deal more importance to the country
generally, and especially to my constituent.", that
we should sit here, at least until the last of Au-
gust, or the last of September, if necessary, and
take time for the passage of those bills, than that
we should gain any other advantage, personal or
otherwise, by an early adjournment. For that
reason, and believing, from what I learn of the
condition of things in the other House, that there
may be time for the passage of these bills by the
last of August, I shall vote for the substitution of
the " 31st" for the " Kith" of August.
Before f conclude my remarks, without going
into a general discussion, I wish to make a single
statement of fact to the Senator from New Jersey.
!n intimating the importance of bills before the
two Houses of Congress, as a consideration for
prolonging or curtailing the session, I can say to
h:m that the bill to which he adverted, and at-
tached so much importance, so far as it affects the
interests of the different States of this Union,
affects the interests of my constituents, I appre-
hend, far more than his; for 1 think I can state as
a fact, which cannot be controverted, that so far
as iron is concerned, we have more of it in Ar-
kansas at this time than would make the whole of
New Jersey a soiid mass of iron, and then as
much copper besides.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, as I voted to
li>y the i ^solution on the table, I shall vote for tl,r
late.it day of adjournment proposed. I think
there is no necessity for us to get up, at this late
period of the session, after nearly eight months'
slrting, a desire for a hasty adjournment—that, all
at once an inspiration should come upon us that
we are violating our duties if we do not, pell-mell,
right or not right, fix an early day of adjourn-
ment, and go home whether the business be done
or not. For one, I can see no reason for it. We
came here to do the important and necessary busi-
ness of the country. It is true, we have been
here a great while. We have done much; but we
have much yet to do—.much which we may do in
the course of the next month or six weeks; and
I think it is more important to the country that
we should take a reasonable time for the disposing
of the business before us, that; that we should, all
