1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1001
I find no fault of the Secretary of the Interior,
for not having performed that duty at once. 1
find no fault of him for deferring his own final
action, until he had communicated to Congress a
statement of what he could not have failed to see
was the great injustice and injury to be inflicted
upon California, as a consequence of the defective
and inaccurate returns of the "actual enumera-
tion" he had received from our officers in that
State. What I mean, however, is to say that, in
my opinion, the law left him no discretion. He
was bound, upon the receipt of the returns, whether
they were accurate or not, to make the addition
and divisions, and announce the result. That is
my idea of the requirement of the law, and of the
Secretary's duties under it. But, under the cir-
cumstances I have mentioned, he very properly
postponed the performance of these duties to afford
Congress an opportunity, by further legislation,
to interpose a remedy for our own wrong m a mat-
ter deeply affecting the interest of a sovereign State.
This was proper in itself from the magnitude of
the interest involved, and could, in no way, do
harm, as there was ample time to do justice to all
parties. I repeat, the law did actually require him
to proceed; and he had, strictly speaking,no legal
right whatever to defer it for one moment after he
received the returns, and he would have been re-
sponsible for any injury to the public interest
which such postponement might have occasioned,
had he acted indiscreetly; yet he has done well
under the circumstances, as he has contributed to
save one of the States of this Union from suffer-
ing, and the Federal Government from inflicting
grievous wrong.
While, therefore, Mr. President, I insist that
the right of South Carolina to the additional Rep-
resentative which the fraction (being the largest)
gives her, by authority of the Constitution, as ex-
emplified under the act of 1850, accrues to her, and
is beyond our control; I insist, with equal earnest-
ness, that we owe a duty to California which we
cannot disregard, or refuse to perform. That she
had a population sufficient to entitle her to two
Representatives, when we admitted her into the
Union, in 1850, is, I apprehend, not disputed. At
any rate, we, here, in our legislative capacity, can
neither dispute nor refuse to acknowledge it. We
declared it to be the fact, by the most solemn act
of legislation. It is " a fixed fact," then, for us.
And it will be as little disputed, as I apprehend,
that she has as large a population now as she had
then. Her Representatives claim that she has
more. But admit it to be equal, and there is the
same reason to allow her two Representatives now,
as there was then. Sir, I do believe she has, now,
enough population to entitle her to two Represent-
atives under the new apportionment. I am willing,
therefore, she shall have them. If the returns do
not show it, the fault is ours, not hers; and 1 will
not consent—m my opinion, we have no right—
to take advantage of it, of our own wrong, to inflict
injustice and injury upon her, or any other State
of this Union. And "in making an arrangement,
by which her rights will be secured, and our duty
performed, I meet no difficulty whatever. I think
the proposition now before us, is a simple, plain,
and proper one. Let all the other States stand as
the "actual enumeration" has placed them; for,
besides being " actual," their enumerations are, at
least, approximately accurate, also. And then let
us, by amending the act of 1850, as we have the
undoubted power to do, increase the aggregate
number of Representatives to two hundred and
thirty-four, and assign the additional one to Cali-
fornia.
Mr. DOWNS. Some arguments have been ad-
vanced to ,vhich, as a member of the committee,
I feel it my duty to reply; and especially the re-
marks of the Senator from Texas and the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. CHASE. If the honorable Senator will
give way, I will move an adjournment.
Mr. DOWNS. If it is the wish of the Senate,
I will give way.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
order, the motion of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Polk,] made on yesteiday, that the rules
of the House be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. GOODENOW asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to enable him to present the
resolves of the Legislature of the State of Maine,
in support of the memorial to Congress, asking
the assistance of the United States Government
in behalf of the European and North American
Railway.
Mr. GORMAN objected.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
suggest, if the House will consent to it, that the
morning hour shall be occupied in the reception of
reports from committees.
Mr. POLK. I withdraw my motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
DISCIPLINE IN THE NAVY.
The SPEAKER. The motion being withdrawn,
the first business in order is the consideration of
the bill providing discipline for the Navy, on which
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. If that bill is passed over in-
formally, will it be the first business in order to-
morrow morning ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BOCOCK. The substitute offered by my
colleague from the Norfolk district, [Mr. Mills on,]
and also the substitute offered by the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Stanton, j
of Tennessee,] were expected to have been printed '
by this morning, so that the whole subject should
have been before the House. I desired that to
have been done, before I submitted to the House
the remarks which I propose to make upon the
subject. This has not, however, been done; and
as it is evidently the disposition of the House to
proceed lo other "business, I would suggest that,
by unanimous consent, the bill be passed over in-
formally.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. ALLISON moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
on the special order.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to call
the attention of the House to the fact that there is
a very large number of reports in the hands of
committees, ready to be submitted to the House;
and that it would very much facilitate business if
they could he received this morning, by unanimous
consent.
Mr. DOTY. Will the Speaker inform the
House what is the regular order of business'
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness this morning, is the call of committees for
reports, beginning with the Committee on Public
Lands. A motion, however, is submitted by the
j gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Allison,]
| that the rules be suspended, and that the House
i resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole, on
the state of the Union; and that motion is in order.
: The question was then taken on Mr. Allison's
i motion, and it was disagreed to.
j The SPEAKER then announced that reports
1 were in order from the Committee on Public
1 Lands.
1 Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill "for Lhe relief of C. L.
! Swazey, in relation to the location of certain
i Choctaw scrip:" which was read twicebyits title,
i'referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
i made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
j ordered to be printed.
SALINE LANDS IN WISCONSIN.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 7, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. L. P. Morgan.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated, as the first business m
WABASH AND MISSOURI RAILROAD.
Mr. JIENN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back House bill No. 118, "grant-
ing the right of way and making a grant of land
in aid of the construction of a railroad from the
Wabash to the Missouri river," with sundry
amendments, and with a recommendation that the
amendments be agreed to, and that the bill do
pass.
Mr. H. said: In reporting this bill, I will merely
say for the present, that this is a bill of a great
deal of importance—and particularly to the cen-
tral portion of the United States, commencing at -
Philadelphia, and extending, in connection "with
other roads, to the Missouri river. It is one for
which, T think, all Pennsylvonians can vote, and
it has been made to conform to the other bills of
a similar nature which have been reported from
the Committee on Public Lands. Were it not
that this House has determined to refer all these
bills to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, I should ask that this bill might be
put upon its passage now. But as that has been
the action of the House in regard to other bills of
a similar nature, I will move that this bill and the
! amendments be referred to the Committee of the
I Whole on the state of the Union, and that they be
| printed.
I The motion was agreed to.
I ATLANTIC, GULF, AND CENTRAL RAILROAD,
j Mr. ORR, from the Committee on Public Lands,
I reported a bill "granting the riffht of way and
making a donation of a portion of the publicland to
the State of Florida, for the benefit of the Atlan-
tic, Gulf, and Central Railroad, and for other pur-
poses. "
The bill having been read the first time by its
title,
Mr. HOUSTON said; Before the bill ia read
the second time, I desire to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from South Carolina, who has re-
ported this bill, or else to ask for the reading of
the bill, with a view to raise a point of order which
it is probably proper to raise now, if at all. I
understand this to be a bill 
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) I do not know by
what right the gentleman takes the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to object to the second reading of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thought I had distinctly
stated the reason why I took the floor.
The SPEAKER. If, however, discussion is to
follow, the gentleman from South Carolina is cer-
tainly entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not proposing to dis-
cuss the bill. I do not intend to do it.
Mr. ORR. i had hoped the gentleman would
have allowed the bill to be read, before he com-
menced the discussion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not propose to discuss
it.
Mr. ORR. Well, then, let the bill be read the
second time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think now is the time to
get the information I desire. To save time, I wish
to inquire of the gentleman from South Carolina
whether this bill has a section in it, abolishing the
duty on railroad iron;
Mr. ORR. The gentleman will ascertain that
faet when the bill is read through.
Mr. HOUSTON, if it is there, I take it for
granted the gentleman does not want to con-
Mr. ORR. Certainly not.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I do not see the profit
to be obtained by the gentleman's diplomacy, if
that provision is m the bill, 1 desire to raise a
point of order now, and I therefore ask that the
bill may be read through the first time. I have a
right to have the bill read through entirely; and if
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Public! the gentleman will not give me the information
which I desire, I ask that it may be read.
Mr. OR.R. I should have no objection to give
the gentleman the information he seeks, but it is
certainly a very unusual proceeding in this House
for a gentleman to rise in his place and attempt to
catechise the member of the committee reporting
be no objection. It merely extends the time for I'j the bill before the second reading of the bill. If
selecting the saline lands granted to the State of ij it is proposed to debate the bill, the debate should
Wisconsin. If it is the wish of the House, I ;; ensue after the second reading.
Lands, reported back Senate bill No. 19, " to ex-
tend the time for selecting the lands granted to
the State of Wisconsin for saline purposes," with-
out amendment, and with a recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. H. said: This is a hill to which there can
think it ought to be put upon its passage now.
The bill having been read through, was ordered
to a third reading, and subsequently read the third
time and passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will allow
me to state the facts, I do not think he will call the
course I have pursued either unusual or improper.
I understand there i& a section in that bill pro
