1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
posing to abolish the duty on railroad iron, and if;
that be true, 1 intend to make the point of order !
whether it -is competent for the Committee on j
Public Lands to report to this House a bill of that
sort. j
Mr. ORJfcL s If that is the purpose of the gentle-1
man from Alabama, I will state to him that there j
is a section in the bill proposing to abolish all j
duties upon railroad iron.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I rise to a point of order,
and I twill state my point of order, though I do not
desire to argue it at all. It is this: that the bill re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands is one
to modify the tariff—to modify the duty upon one
or more articles embraced in the revenue laws of
the country.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will sus-
pend for a moment, the bill will be read through,
so-that the Chair and the House may understand,
its provisions.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not an alternate section
bill, but a bill to modify the tariff.
The Clerk then read" the bill, m which was in-
cluded the following section, viz:
Sec. 7. Jind be it fwither cnucted, That the iron for the
construction of this and all other railioads in the United
States, ot the Tenitones theieof, may be imported free of
alt duty: Provided, neveitkeleu, That in all ca^es hereafter,
whenever it is proposed to claim the exemption from duty
in ca>e of the importation ot iron lor such purposes, it shall
be the duty of the person or persons importing the same to
give bond in such manner as may be prescribed by the Sec- s
retary of the Treasury, conditioned to show that within
three years from the time of said importation the said lion
ha* been laid down for permanent use on some railroad ;
or, in the event of failure to make it so appear, then the per-
son or persons importing saul iron to be required to pay
double the rates of dut> now icquired by Jaw . Prviided
jurther, That in the event of it being made to appear to
the satisfaction of ihe Secretary of the Treason that the
omission to lay down said rails, has not occurred by reason of
any fraudulent purpose to evade the payment of the pte-
senbed rate of duty on such iron, that then it shall be his
duty to give further and reasonable time lor the bona fide
application ot'&.iid lion to the purpura, of railroads.
Sioc. 8. Jlndheit furthri enacted, That all duties now
due on account oi the importation of iron for raihoad^ be
and the same are hereby remitted : Pro tided, however, That
in all such cases the importation shall be in the name and
for the uj-e of some legally incorporated railroad company,
or tor a State or Territory of the United States."
Mr. HOUSTON. I destre now to call the at-
tention of the Chair to the rules in relation to com-
mittees.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman fro.n Alabama, I ask for the
reading of the title of the bill.
The Clerk read the title of the bill, as follows:
" A hill granting the right of way and making a donation
of a portion of the public lands to the State of Florida for
the benefit ol the Atlantic, Gulf, and Central Railroad, and
for other purpo-es."
Mr. HOUSTON. I predicate my point of or-
der, first upon the rules of the House. By look-
ing to the rule in reference to the Committee on
Public Lands, the House and the Chair will see
that it provides, that
" rt shall be the duty of the Committee on Public Lands
to take into consideiation all Mich petitions and mat-
ters or tilings lespertinjr the hinds of the l/inted State* a<
shall be presented, or shall or may come m question, and be
referred to them hy the House; and to tepoit then opinion
thereon, together with such proposition-* lot relief theiein
as to theni shall -e- m expedient."
It is made the duty of the Committee of Ways
and Means to take charge of the reference from
the House of all propositions relative to the reve-
nues of the Government.
Those two rules define what is the duty of each
committee; and it is evident to my mind, that with-
out a reference of this express subject particularly
and distinctly to some other committee than the
Ways and Means, that that other committee has
not the charge of it.
The subject embraced in the latter sections of
this bill, is one that has already been referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and is now
before that committee; and the Committee on Pub- !
lie Lands has no legitimate connection with it,
either under the rules of the House or under any
order of this House making that reference. But,
sir, I do not propose to make an argument until
the Chair has decided the point of order. But I
would call the attention of the Chair to the decis-
ion made at the first session of the last Congress,
in the case of the homestead bill—a bill reported
from the Committee on Public Expenditures, and .
such a bill, I believe, as we have now got before !
us in the Committee of the Whole on the state of:
the Union. A point of order was made by*Mr. j
Vinton, objecting to the reception of the bill on the !
ground that the subject-matter of the bill had not I
been referred to the committee which reported it |
to the House, either by resolution or by the rules i
of the House. That is the precise point of order j
which I make now. The Speaker stated the point j
of order made by Mr. Vinton, and decided that |
the bill was not in order. From this decision of
the Chair, Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee appealed,
and the question being put, the decision of the
Chair was sustainedas the judgmentof the House,
and the bill was not received by the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The result of
the course proposed to be pursued by the gentle-
man who is at the head of the Committee of Ways
and Means, will be very apparent at one glance.
It will be this: If committees are confined strictly
and directly tothoseparticularquestionsand duties
which are assigned to them, and are not permitted
to take action on questions incidental to those
which are assigned to them, this House may be
placed m such a situation that matters of the high-
est importance to the nation cannot be brought
before us at all.
Now, suppose we had a Committee of Ways
and Means that would not or could not give to
this House any distinct proposition on this sub-
ject—and it might exist in regard to other subjects
as well as this—the consequence would be that
tms House never could get before it for consider-
ation any matter, however vital, or however im-
portant to the interests of the people.
Sir, a committee is entitled to consider not only
those subjects that come directly and legitimately
before it, under the rules, but it is also entitled to
consider everything incidental to those subjects.
Now, sir, the gentleman who is at the head of
the Committee of Ways and Means, by pursu-
ing the course which he proposes, would confirm
a system which is wrong and corrupt—a system
by which the whole of the important and national
business that comes before this House would go
to one committee, and no other committee could
get hold of it at all. That must be the result,
though there be precedent on precedent for the
practice.
Now, for my own part, I desire to enter a pro-
test against gentlemen coming here, upon a bill
like this, which is complete m itseif, and saying
that a subject contained m it is not in order, when
the whole of the bill is introduced as an original
proposition. This committee, in the discharge of
their duty in regard to the public lands, have re-
ported a bill granting lands for the purpose of con-
structing a railroad—a subject-matter which, by
common consent, comes properly before them.
As incident to that purpose, they have included a
provision m the bill exempting from duty the iron
necessary in the construction of said road. Shall
the committee be curtailed of the power which,
by common consent, has been conceded to them—■
that is, of reporting a bill for the purpose of con-
structing a railroad ? If not, then why deprive
them of the incident, which is one of the highest
importance and necessity to the execution of any
scheme upon the part of this Government in aid
of the construction of railroads5 It cannot be.
This is a matter entirely incidental to the subject
which properly comes before that committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I wish to call the attention of the Chair
and the House to the last clause of the rule defin-
ing the duties of the Committee on Public Lands,
which has been referred to by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston,]
and which, as it seems to me, covers directly this
case,'4 and to report their opinion thereon, together
with such propositions for relief therein, as to them
shall seem expedient." Now, that committee have
reported, this session, general propositions for the
relief of railroads, and to make railroads; and can
it be pretended that a proposition to aid in the
making of this railroad, by allowing them to import
iron, free of duty, is more out of order than the
propositions themselves for the making of the
roads ? The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means says, however, this provision inter-
feres with the revenue of the country. Why, that
gentleman's argument amounts to just this 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I must inter-
rupt the gentleman. I would be glad to accom-
modate him, but I must leave him to make his
argument out of his own time, and I will not in-
terrupt him.
I have merely to state further, that the result of
the argument made by the gentleman from Alaba-
ma, [Mr. Houston,] if carried out, would be the
absorption, by the Committee of Ways and
Means, of all the business of the House, although
the members of that committee feel, and have long
felt, sensible, and have acknowledged it, that there
has been an amount of business tin own upon that
committee which involves too much laboi for any
one committee to perform. It is too much, if they
would do justice to themselves, or to the country.
Then, sir, I object to such a construction being
put upon the rules in regard to the relative powers
of these two committees. I maintain that any
matter which is incidental to the subject-matter
under consideration by a committee, is a legitimate
one for them to consider; and when it is reported
with the bill as one bill, you cannot, upon a point
of order, strike it out.
Mr. BAYLY, ofVirginia, obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad to
hear any explanation from gentlemen in regard
to the construction of the rules in relation to the
point now before the House. The Chair has,
however, made up his mind upon it, and is ready
to decide if insisted upon.
Mr. BAYLY. If the ideas which the gentle-
man from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] has presented
to this House as to the rights of these committees
were to prevail, the House will see at once, with
a moment's reflection, the infinite embarrassment
in which it would involve itself. The reason for
the rule which provides that no committee shall
report upon any subject which is not committed
to it, is, that when these committees are called
for reports, they shall not be permitted to thrust
upon the House matters which it has not ex-
pressed a willingness to entertain. If the idea
expressed by the gentleman from Arkansas were
to be put into practice, it would put it within the
power of any of the committees of the House, at
any time, to bring before the House, and press
upon its consideration, any matter they might
choose, no matter what its character might be.
We know that it is one of the ways in which,
even with a strict construction of the rules, this
House is embarrassed more than any other. They
have done it by bringing before the House sub-
jects which it has expressed no willingness to
entertain. The reason for this rule is a wise one.
It is to restrict the action of committees to subjects
committed to them, either by the rules of the
House, or by the express order of the House. It
will never do to put it in the power of any com-
mittee of this House to report or bring in matters
which the House, by its order, has not shown its
wish to act upon. I hope the rule may be strictly
enforced in this instance.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. There is no
difficulty 
Mr. BAYLY. I cannot yield. I only wish to
advance one idea further; and it may not be neces-
sary to press that; for I believe the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] advanced the same in
his speech, though I did not hear that speech. I
allude to this matter in connection with the rev-
enue of the Government. I say, that if this House
permit questions affecting the revenue of the Gov-
ernment to come from any other committee than
that of the Ways and Means, it would lead to infi-
nite embarrassment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. [ desire to ask
the gentleman from Virginia whether all these
donations of land are not questions affecting the
public revenue?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I understand
the gentleman from Alabama to make the point
that a particular clause of a particular section of
the bill leported by the Committee on Public
Lands, is not in order. Now, that would involve
the necessity, upon the part of the Speaker, I sup-
pose, to resolve, upon a question of order, that
these sections shall be stricken out of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all.
Mr. STANTON. It is admitted that the gen-
eral purposes of this bill come within the scope of
the duties of that committee. In making this
argument, I do not pretend to express an opinion
whether these provisions of the bill ought to be
adopted. But when you impose upon a commit-
tee of this House the duty of repoitmg bills upon
subjects which bear upon the general interests of
the country, and do not permit them to incorpo-
rate in their bills the provisions which may be
necessary to carry out the great purpose and
