1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
at once, get up this fever,and rush home, whether
the business before us is through or not.
I cannot see the consistency with which gentle-
men, some of whom voted last week for the 30th
of August as a proper day of adjournment, now
say they will vote for the 16th. Why is this?
They seem to have worked themselves into a sort
of passion against the House of Representatives,
because they have not sent bills here. I shall not
enter into any elimination or recrimination with
the House. 1 think it much more important to
the Senate to be sure that we do our own duty
before arraigning the conduct of others. They
have their own responsibility. Let them meet it;
1 will not arraign them here.
This resolution came to us more than a month
ago, I believe, and we took no action upon it then.
On the contrary, when a member of the Senate
who holds a most responsible position, and whose
voice should have weight on the subject, suggested,
at the time it came, that it ought to be postpoued
until the appropriation bills were sent to us, in
order that we might know what time we should
have, it was postponed. And now, after a month
or six weeks, with the exception of two unim-
portant appropriation bills, winch will not take
up much time, we have not received any of those
bills. When the time intervening between now
and the day designated by the House is much-
shorter than if we had fixed the day of adjourn-
ment then, I cannot see the consistency or pro-
priety of voting for the shortest period. There
is a great deal of business that is now matured in
both Houses; we have our minds made up on it;
we have formed our opinions; we have discussed
it, and reported upon it; it is now fre^h in our
minds; we can dispose of it now more satisfac-
torily to the country than we shall be able to do
at any other time, when the discussions would all
have to be renewed. Shall we break up under
these circumstances, and go home without doing
this business ?
Gentlemen have refeired to the appropriation
bills, as if they were the only things before Con-
gress. Why, Mr. President, they must have for-
gotten that there is a great deal of other very im-
portant business. The appropriation bills, I agree,
will necessarily puss. They always do. And
they will pass, if you should not take them up
until the last day of the session. But there is
something else before Congress besides them.
WlnU have we been discussing all the session?
Where are the important railroad bills—some
thirty or forty, I believe—which passed the Sen-
ate, and ate not yet disposed of by the House?
Where is that impoitant bill about the homestead
rights, which we have received from the House
of Representatives, in favor of which you have
so many memorials presented from so many quar-
ters, and which has not yet been reported back
from the Committee on Public Lands ? Are we
to get up and iun home without acting on these
measures* Where is that important bill, sent to
us from the House, on the subject of granting
public lands fwr raihoads, upon which there is so
istiouga feeling in many States?
Although that bill contemplates a measure
which was once rejected by the Senate, on an ela-
borate discussion; yet, perhaps, in the earnest-
ness of the new States to do something on this im-
portant subject, those who opposed it before may
finally, as a compromise, think it better to take
that bill, with some modifications, rather than go
home, after the urgent wish expressed in so many
quarters in the new States to have these appro-
priations made, without getting anything.
Now, I, for one, anxious as I am to get away—
and I am as anxious as any one—am not willing
to fix an unreasonably short period and go home;
and when I am called upon by my constituents,
to say why these measures were not disposed of,
tell them it was because we had not time. I think
it much better to take a month more, and have a
reasonable time to dispose of these matters, than
hasten off suddenly and leave them undisposed of.
Besides, if there is any blame—and I do not
attach any blame to the House or Senate in this
matter—after having delayed so long the proposi-
tion of the House to adjourn, to take it up at this
time and concur in it, woyld be taking them by
surprise. If there is any want of performance of
duty on their part, by passing the resolution we
shall relieve them from that responsibility, and
take it upon ourselves. But, as was well ob-
served, if we had fixed the time a month ago,
when the resolution was sent here, it would have
given a reasonable time to dispose of the import-
ant measures before Congress; whereas, if we take
it up now and agree to it, we shall take them by
surprise, and compel hasty and improvident ac-
tion upon those measures. I hope, then, Mr.
President, that the proposition to postponetheday
of adjournment until the 31st of August, will be
adopted. That will give us reasonable time. It
I wiil not allow time enough for long discussions; I
presume no one wants to have them; but it will
allow reasonable time to dispose of the appropria-
tion, and other important bills in which the coun-
try feel a great interest. 1 hope, therefore, that
the amendment will be agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment to strike out 4< Monday the Kith,"
and insert " Tuesday the 31st."
Mr. BRODHEAD asked for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
—3'eas 2d, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS.—Messrs. Borland, Bright, Brodhead, Brooke,
Ca>s, Chase, Olailte, Clemens, i)e Saussnre, Dodge of
; Wisconsin, Downs, Felch, Foot, Geyer, Iluntei, James,
I Jones of iowa, Meriwether, Miller,' Pearce, Sebastian,
I Sewatri, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Stockton, Uphaui, and
j VVeiler—28.
I NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayaid, Bell, Butler,
i Chailton, Davis, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fish,
j Gwm, II and in, Houston, King, Mason, Moms, Pratt, Rusk,
i Soulc, Sumner, Toueey, and Wade—23.
j So the amendment was agreed to; and the ques-
i tion recurred upon the resolution as amended.
Mr. GrWIN. I move to postpone the further
i consideration of the resolution until this day week;
' and upon that motion ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 36; as follows:
Y11AS—Messrs. Bell, Cass, Clemens, Davis, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge ot Iowa, Feleh, Geyer, fiwiu, Hamlin,
Jones ofjowa, Noms, Shield?. Sumner, and Wade—15.
'VAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Hayard, Borland,
Blight, ftrodhend, Biooke, Butler, Charlton, Chase, Clarke,
Dawson, De Sau^sure, Douglas Downs. Fish, Foot, Hous-
ton, Hunter, James, King, Mason, Menwethei, Miller,
Peaiee, Piatt, Rusk, Sebastian, Sewaid, Smith, Soulo,
Spruance, Stockton, Toueey, IJpliam, and VVeiler—36.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The resolution as amended was then concurred
in by the Senate.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by the hands of Mr. Hayes, its
Chief Clerk, announcing that it had passed a bill
making appropriations for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1S53.
The bill was read twice, and referred to'the
Committee on Finance.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN" CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill " to authorize
' 4 the payment by the surveyor general of Califor-
£ nia of any claims which have been, or may be
4 presented to the board of land commissioners for
' adjudication under the act of Congress, approved
' 3d March, 1851, to ascertain and settle the pri-
' vate land chums in the State of California."
The bill was under consideration yesterday as
in Committee of the Whole, when various amend-
' ments were made. The bill was reported to the
J Senate, and some of those amendments were con-
! curved in. The question was on concurrence in
the following amendment:
££ Sk.c. 5 And he it farther enacted. That the board of
commissioners lor the ascertaining and settling the said pn-
vate land claims may authorize and direct the cleiks of' the
said boa id to siipeiiittend the taking of depositions to be
used betore the said hoard whenever the law agent, or as-
sistant agent, cannot attend the taking thereof. The said
board, upon the application of any cbumant, or of the law
asent. under this act and the act of which this is amend-
atoiy, may direct a commission to issue to take depositions
before any officer authorized by the laws of California to
administer oaths; in all which cases written interrogatories
shall be filed before said board at Iea-st forty days beloie the
time fixed for taking said depositions; and cross-mterrog-'
atories, if desired, shall be filed before said boaid within
twenty days after the filing of the aforesaid interiogatones.
The depositions thus taken shall be carefully sealed up,
and transmitted by the officer taking the same, to the sec-
retary of the said board."
Mr. WELLER moved to amend it by inserting
between the words " officer" and "authorized"
the words {< designated by the board;" which was
the pending question at the adjournment. I have
been shown to-day an amendment which has been
drawn up by my friend from Maryland, which I
think carries out the object intended to be accom-
plished by the fifth section as it was drawn up. I
shall, as a matter of course, interpose no objection
to his amendment. My only object was to facil-
itate the transaction of business before the board
of commissioners. My j udgment has been that to
accomplish that object power should be conferred
on some other persons than the members of the
board to take testimony. As the amendment of
the Senator from Maryland will answer the pur-
pose, I withdraw the amendment which I offered
j yesterday.
i Mr. PRATT. I propose to amend theamend-
; ment, as adopted in Committee of the Whole, by
' striking out the words " direct a commission to
i issue," and inserting " issue at their discretion a
i commission to some person known to them to be
i competent." I propose also to insert after the
! word " depositions" the words " atsuch time and
; place as they may designate," and to insert after
I the last amendment " who shall be and hereby is
authorized to administer oaths to all witnesses
who may depose before them." I propose fur-
ther to strike out the following words:
" Before any officer authorized by the laws of California
to adm;nister oaths ; mail which cases written interroga-
tories &.hall be filed before said board at least foity days be-
toie the time fixed for taking said depositions; and cross-
inferrogatoj ie* «hail be filed before said board within twenty
da,ys alter the filing of the aforesaid interrogateies."
If the Senate agree to the amendments which
I have proposed, the amendment reported from
the Comr<ptee of the Whole will read:
Sec. 5. Jlwl he it Jwrtker enacted, That the board of
coinmi«Moneia for tin; a-?eei taming and settling the said
pi ivate land claims may authorize and direct the clei ks of
the said board to superintend the taking of depositions to
he used beloie the said board whenever the law agent or
assistant agent cannot attend the taking thereof. The said
board, upon Die application of any claimant, or of the law
agent under this act, and the act of which this is amenda-
toiy, may issue, at their discretion, a commission to some
person known to them to be competent, at sueh time and
place as they may designate, who shall be and heiebvis
authouzed to administer oaths to all witnesses who may
depose befoie them. The deposition thus taken shall be
entefully sealed up and tiansmitted by the officer taking
the same, to the secretary ot the board.
These amendments have been shown to the
Committee on Public Lands, who reported this
bill, and they concur in them. The Senators from
California are willing to accede to them.
The amendments to the amendment were agreed
to.
Mr. GWIN. I propose the following proviso,
to come in at the end of the fifth section:
Provided, That the board shall hold sessions at Los
Angeles, Santa Barhara, and Monterey, at sueh times, after
giving due notice, as the President of the United States
may dnecf, and that the actual expenses inclined in travel-
ing and holding such sesbions of the board shall be paid out
of the Tiea^uiy of the United States.
The hoard of commissioners give as a reason
why they do not hold their sessions at various
portions of the State, that it is impossible for them
to do so without expending a large portion of their
salaries. It is perfectly proper, as I contended
when the act which the bill under consideration
proposes to amend passed, that their actual ex-
penses for traveling should be paid. I looked
upon it as of the greatest possible importance that
the board should go where the claims were. The
reason why they have not done so—the reason
why the President has not ordered them to do so
—is, that the expense of their traveling would
absorb their salaries, so that it would be impossi-
ble to get competent men to fill the office.
Mr, FELCH. I desire to inquire what the
salary of each commissioner is ?
Mr. GWIN. It is §6,000 per annum. The
Senator has before his committee various commu-
nications, addressed to me by the board, in which
they say that it absorbs a large portion of their
salaries to meet the ordinary expenses there now;
and if you add to them the expenses of traveling
and opening the board at other places, it will ab-
sorb the whole. That is what they state.
Mr. ATCHISON. I would suggest to the
Senator from California the propriety of adding,
as an additional proviso, the following:
Provided, That such traveling expenses shall not ex-
ceed the full amount of their salaries now allowed bylaw.
I think, without such a proviso, the amendment
of the Senator from California will be about
doubling their salaries in the end. With my pro-
viso, I am willing to take it.
Mr. GWIN. I would, be willing to put in a
provision that these expenses shall not exceed
