1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
objects of the policy proposed, why you destroy
tiie usefulness of committees entirely. You cut up
the business of the House 
Mr. MEACHAM, (interrupting.) IftheCom-
mittee on Public Lands are to report upon every-
thing belonging to railroads, they will have the
right to make provisions for surveying them, and
for placing engines upon them after they are made.
I do not see why one is not as well within the
reach of that committee as the other; and accord-
ing to the definition the gentleman has given, that
committee can report bills making such provis-
ions.
Mr. STANTON. Unquestionably that is true.
The Committee on Public Lands, or any other
committee, may report everything they choose in
reference to a subject which is legitimately before
them. And concerning the question before the
House, this provision that is complained of, is an
accessory to the main object the Committee on
Public Lands have legitimately in view, in pro-
posing a disposition of the public lands.
Now, it is a matter of no consequence—it cannot
be a matter of any consequence, as far as the
revenue of the country is concerned—from what
committee a measure comes. It does not impose
upon the House the necessity of adopting this bill,
because it is reported by that committee. The
sense of the House can be as well taken upon a
matter of public policy, whether the bill comes
from the Committee on Public Lands, or the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I should like to
know by what precise rule, or question of order,
you can eliminate this section from the bill. 1
should like to know what is the purpose of this
question of order—whether it is to strike this
section out of the bill, or whether a distinct motion
is to be made to refer the bill back again, with
instructions to strike it out? If that motion is
made, it is not a question of order. And can you
strike this section from the bill upon a question of
order? You cannot do it. You may make a mo-
tion to refer it back to the committee, with instruc-
tions to strike it out. That motion may be made;
but I ask again, whether, upon a question of order,
you can strike out a section of the bill? You can-
not do it.
Mr. CLINGMAN obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. If it is the pleasure of the
House, the Chair will now decide the question of
order, for until that decision is given the debate is
not a regular one.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Very well.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, however, was
anxious to hear the opinions of gentlemen upon
the question, for it was rather a new one to him.
We have some thirty-six standing committees,
to each of which peculiar duties have been pre-
scribed and defined. By the 84th rule, it is made
the duty of the Committee on Public Lands " to
' take into consideration all such petitions and
' matters or things respecting the lands of the Uni-
' ted States, as shall be presented, or shall, or may
' come in question and be referred to them by the
' House; and to report their opinion thereon, to-
* gether with such propositions for relief therein
'as to them shall seem expedient." Again, it is
made the duty of the Committee of Ways and
Means, by the 78th rule, " to take into consider-
' ation, all such reports of the Treasury Depart-
' ment, and all such propositions relative to the
' revenue as may be referred to them by the House;
< to inquire into the public debt or the revenue and
k the expenditure, and to report from time to time,
' their opinion theron; to examine into the state of
* the several public departments, and particularly
' into laws making appropriations of moneys,'' &c.
Now, the Chair us clearly of the opinion that the
subject of reducing or abolishing the duty upon
railroad iron, does not belong to the Committee
on Public Lands; but it does belong to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
By reference to the bill) it will be seen thfit pro-
vision is made for a grant of lands to aid in the
construction of a certain railroad, followed by a
provision to repeal the duty generally upon rail-
road iron. That provision, m the opinion of the
Chair, is not in order; or rather, it is not in the
province of the Committee nn Public Lands to re-
port such a bill. The Chair, therefore, de  ides
that the bill itself is out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave respectfully to
appeal from the decision of the Chair. I have no dis-
position to detain the House long upon this mallei,
but I wish to reply to the only objection that has
been raised to the reception of this bill bythechair-
muti of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Houston,] and which has been repeated by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.] The House
will bear m mind that the only objection that has
been made to the bill is this: They say that to
the Committee of Ways and Means properly be-
longs everything connected with the public rev-
enue, and that no other committee can report a
proposition which in any way interferes with the
public revenue. That is the argument now. I
beg gentlemen to bear in mind that last year we
derived upwards of §3,000,000 of revenue from the
sales of these public lands; but we derive from
the iron importation, as dutiesupon it, only about
$2,500,000 or $2,600,000. And yet, these gentle-
men admit that the Committee on Public Lands
may report a proposition to deprive us of the rev-
enue we get from the lands, and yet cannot inter-
fere with therevenue which wederivefrom import-
ations of iron. There is no force at all in the
argument. This argument would apply just as
well to the proposition making the grant of lands
for the railroad as to that in regard to the abolition
of the duty on iron. It will apply to any propo-
sition, provided you do not make it interfere with
the revenue or appropriations; for it is well known
that the Committee of Ways and Means is the
guardian of the public Treasury, and they may
object to any committee (as not coming within
the sphere of their duties) reporting a proposition
which has a tendency to take money out of the
Treasury. This proposition rests upon the clear-
est principles. The Committee on Public Lands,
as the guardians of our interests, reports bills here,
and, with a view to open the public lands to a
market and to make them sell at a high price, re-
commends donations to aid in the construction of
railroads. Now, why shall they not, as incidental
thereto, recommend that all these railroad com-
panies may import iron free of duty; It is one of
the facilities, one of the very means, to enable them
to make roads easily and expeditiously. The only
argument that gentlemen rely upon, is one which
applies just as well to every land bill that has been
reported this session as to the present bill.
I promised not to detain the House with an ar-
gument, and I will yield the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Having entire con-
fidence in the correctness of the decision made by
the Chair, and not wishing that the House should
be detained upon this business, I move that the
appeal be laid upon the table.
Mr. ORR. I demand the yeas and nays upon
that proposition, I will see who it is that is in
favor of keeping up duties upon railroad iron.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the Chair state the point
of order raised>
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Public
Lands have reported a bill which provides, first,
for granting alternate sections of land to aid in the
construction of a railroad, and then provides for
abolishing, altogether, duties upon all railroad
iron. The Chair does not understand—and he
would like to have the ear of the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingmax] upon that
point—that any matter connected with cluties upon
\ railroad iron has ever been referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands at all. This subject has
never been referred to them m the first place, and
if referred, then the Chair must decide them veiy
improperly referred to that committee, it being a
matter touching the revenue, and therefore belong-
ing exclusively, in the opinion of the Chair, to the
Committee of Ways and Means. The Chair
therefore decides that the report made from the
Committee on Public Lands is not in older.
Mr. BROOKS. In what state is the bill before
the House?
The SPEAKER. The objection was made upon
its first reading. . .
Mr. BROOKS. The difficulty m my mind, and
upon which I want to be instructed, is this: While
I agree with the Chair upon the principles laid
down, I should be unwilling to vote against re-
ceiving a report from tiie Committee on Public
Lands.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have an
opportunity of voting his views.
Mr. STANLY. The Chair, as I understand it,
derides that the report is out of order 
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order.
The yeas and nays have been ordered; and debate
is out of order, for the reason 
The SPEAKER. The Chair trusts that the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
will be permitted to make an inquiry of the Chair.
Mr. STANLY. I have not the pleasure of
sitting by the side of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbahd,] and therefore can-
not know all that he does; and, as I cannot get
the information from him, I am compelled to ask
the Speaker.
Mr. IIIBBARD. The motion pending is to
lay the appeal upon the table, and it is not debat-
able.
Mr. STANLY. I ask if the Chair decides,
that the bill reported by the Committee on Public
Lands is out of order, because it repeals the duties
generally upon railroad iron ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does so decide.
Mr. STANLY. I think it is a right decis-
ion.
Mr. HIBBARD. I call thegentleman toorder.
The question is not debatable.
Mr. ORR. I desire to ask the Chair a question
for information. What is the effect of the decis-
ion of the Chair upon the bill ? Does it exclude
merely those sections of the bill, which relate to
the duties upon iron?
The SPEAKER. It excludes the bill entire,
on account of the improper matter contained in it.
Mr. ORR. The entire bill'
The SPEAKER. The entire bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would like to have those
two rules of the House read, which were referred
to by the gentleman from Alabama. I want in-
formation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair trusts that there
will be no objection to the reading of the rules, as
they have a bearing upon the subject.
[Cries of "I object!" " I object!" on all sides
of the House.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair must, then, put
it to vote whether they shall be read.
The question was then put, and it was dis-
agreed to.
So the rules were not permitted to be read.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the appeal upon the table, and there were—
yeas 125, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Allison. William Apple-
ton, Averctt, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Bartlett,
Beale, Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Bragg, Breckinridge,
lingers, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Buell, Burrows, E. Car-
rington Cabell, Lewis I). Campbell, Chandler, Chapman,
Clark, Cobb, Cullora, Darnel, George T. Davis, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dockery, Dunham, Durkec, Edger-
ton, Faulkner, Fitch, Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J.
D- Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gentry, Goodenow, Goodrich,
Gorman, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Isham G. Hams, Hart,
! Haws, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Horsford, Houston,
j John W. Ilovve, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, George G. King, Kulms, Kurtz, Landry,
Letcher, Mann, Maion, Mason, McDonald. McLanahan,
McMullin, McNair, Mearham, Millson, Miner, Murray,
Nabers, Newton, Olds, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker,
Peaslee, Penn, Perkins, Polk, Powell, Price, Riddle, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Ross, Russell, Sackett, Savage, Sehermir-
horn, Schoolcraft, Scudder, David L. Scyniuui. Onsen S.
Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Stanly, Richaid H. Stanton,
Abraham P. Stevens, Thaddeus Stephens, Stratton, Stuar1-,
Sweetser, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, George W. Thomp-
son, Tuck, YValbridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Wells,
Wilcox, and Woodward—125.
■ NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Brenton, Joseph Cable, Thomp-
son Campbell, Clingman, Doty, Edmundson. Ewing, Fick-
lin, Fieeinan, Hall, Henn, James Johnson, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Loekliart, Mace, Humphrey Marshall,
McCorkle, McQueen, Miller, Molony, John Moore, More-
head, Orr, Outlaw, Penmman, Porter, Rantoul, Scurry,
Smart, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Venable,
Wallace, Watkins, Addiaon White, Williams, and Yates—
39
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. ORR. I propose to submit the bill with
; the section in regard to railroad iron stricken out,
; and also with the words " and for other purposes,"
| stricken out of the title.
! Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a question of order.
This bill is one reported from the committee. I
! submit whether the gentleman has a right to alter
a bill reported from a committee.
! The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
i Carolina [Mr. Ork] asks the unanimous consent
I of the House to allow him to introduce the bill,
1 with the provision in reference to railroad iron
I stricken out.
| Mr. KT7HNS. I object.
! Mr. ORR. It is a matter of no sort ol conse-
i uence.
