1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1867
$2,000, but my colleague suggests "that if we spe-
cify any sum, the expenses will amount to that
and nothing else.
Mr. WELLER. That is the objection to fixing
the limit. They would be sure to put their trav-
eling expenses precisely at that amount. I prefer
the words of my colleague's amendment, so as to
pay them their necessary and actual traveling ex-
penses. If you say that the expenses shall not
exceed $3,000, they will be sure to make them ex-
actly §2,000, and I think, as a matter of economy,
we had better not limit them in the bill to any spe-
cific amount, but use such phraseology as shall
confine the expenses to what are absolutely neces-
sary, and they will not be very great. I suppose
the transportation fiom San Francisco upon steam-
ers, to theiowest point in the State, would be some
$40 or 550, and the expenses of living at Los An-
geles or Monterey would be much lower than at
San Francisco, where the board now are.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was con-
curred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to add the following as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 6 Jiml be it further enacted, That for the purpose
ot >-xnr,-Utiuj tile ascertaining and settling private land
claims' in California, the j'rr-Hlcnt nf the United States
shall appoint an assistant aijeiit, learned in tile law arid
skilled in tile Spaniel) and English languages, whose duty
it shall be to aid ami as^i-t in the discimigeot' ail the duties
imposed on the a sent by tile act of which tilths ainetlda-
tory, and his compensation shall not exceed ,$3,000 per an-
num.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
curring in this amendment.
Mr. FELCH. That section, as reported from
the Committee on Public Lands, made the com-
pensation of the assistant agent $4,000. On the
motion of the Senator from California, [Mr.
Weller,] the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, struck out four and inserted six. So that
I am opposed, and now move to amend the amend-
ment, by stnkingout " six"and inserting "four,"
which will restore the section to the form in which
it came from the Committee on Public Lands.
I see by the law under which the agent himself
is appointed that his salary is not fixed. It is left
to the President to determine what amount, per
annum, should be paid him, and I understand it
has been fixed by him at $0,000,
Mr. GW1N". [ will state to the Senator that
there is another act in regard to that. By the ori-
ginal law, there was no limitation; but in the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill of last year, there
was a limitation made. That bill, in appropria-
ting §50,000 for the expenses of the board of
commissioners, provided that the salary of the
law agent should not exceed §6,000. !
Mr. FELCH. I was not aware of that. The j
provision of the law prescribes the duties of the
law agent. He is required to be skilled in the 1
Spanish and French languages; and of course is
supposed to be competent for the performance of
all the duties devolving upon him. Now, the
qualifications of the assistant agent are to be pre-
cisely the same. The question, then, is, whether
the salary ought also to be the same. I rise now
more for the purpose of making an inquiry than
for anything else. It has been reported that the
law agent, who has been appointed, instead of
having the qualifications which are lequired by
the law, is neither a Spanish nor a French scholar,
and therefore is not competent to perform his du-
ties so far as the translation and the investigation
of the records are concerned.
Mr. WELLER. He is required to understand
the Spanish and English languages, but not the
French. I have 110 personal acquaintance with
the law agent who has been appointed; my inform-
ation, however, is, that he does not understand
the Spanish language—-that he does not pretend to
be a Spanish scholar. He is a very respectable
stump speaker, but as to the Spanish language, I
believe he knows nothing about it.
Mr. FELCH. I only wanted to inquire
whether we are called upon to appoint an assist-
ant agent, because the agent has not the qualifica-
tions prescribed by the statute? If that is so, I
do not feel at liberty, in the first place, to KO for
appointing a man to do his duty: anil in the next
place, to give an exorbitant salary to the man who
is to do that duty. It seemed to the committee,
as this individual is to be merely an agent—
although we admit the great importance of the j
duties to be performed, and the high qualifications j
which are required—looking at the enormous ex- j
penditure that this board is to cost, in any event, |
to the Government, and upon the supposition that I
the discretion of the President was properly exer- i
cised in selecting a man having the qualifications ji services.
provided in the statute, it might not be necessary |j Mr. FELCH. I do not object to the appoint-
to pay such a high salary to a person who is to [( ment of this one law agent, for it may be neees-
one will, I think, be amply sufficient to enable the*
Government to be properly represented in eon-
ducting these cases. 1 propose to fix the compen-
sation of the assistant law agent at $(J,000, be-
cause that is the compensation which is already
allowed by law to a person who performs similar
act in his place. 1 admit at once, if we are to 1
make the substitute the principal instead of the j1
agent, who may not be competent for the dis- j
charge of his duties, we should provide for him. j
I am willing to give as high a salary as may be j
necessary, but it seems to me, upon the supposi- }
tion that the appointment of the law agent is such j
as it should be—and if it is not, it should be j
changed—if we give $4,000, as provided 111 the ;
section as it came from the committee, we would
sary to make the appointment. Nor would I Save
Senators understand that I object to a fair anil
libera! compensation—much more liberal than
would be given for any like service on this side
of the continent. But let us look for a moment
at the salaries which are provided. They are
very liberal. The commissioners receive $6,000
each, and it is proposed to give the same salary
to the assistant law agent. The.law agent, I un-
derstand, also receives $6,000; but there are other
be giving an amount amply sufficient to secure the jj officers appointed who have important duties in
connection with the action of the board. Among;
them is the secretary, whose qualifications are
precisely the same as those required of the law
services of a man competent to fill the office.
Mr. WELLER. The services to be performed !
by the assistant law agent are precisely similar to [
those which are to be performed by thelawagent, j
It requires as much legal ability, and just as pro- !
found a knowledge of the Spanish language to 1
discharge the duties of the post of assistant law
agent, as for the other post. Hence 1 think it j
necessary and proper that the pay of the assistant:
law agent should be precisely the same as that 1
which is fixed for the law agent.
Now, whether the law agent be competent fully
to discharge the duties of the station or not, I am |
not prepared to say, but if he is not, I know of I
no way by which he can be got rid of. He has I
heeti appointed by the Piesiiient of the United;
States, who was authonzed by law to appoint ;
him, and I know of no way by which the legis-
late department of this Government can now
displace'him. That he does not understand the
Spanish language—and ( speak of that, of course,
from information which 1 have received from
others—is, in my judgment, a veiy great defect.
It is of the greatest importance that the person
who is appointed to examine these claims before
the board of commissioneis should be thoroughly
acquainted with the Spanish language, and be
able to read the original grants; and nearly all the
original grants were in the Spanish language. Jt
is therefore absolutely important that the law
agent should be able to read them in that language,
in order that he may discharge understanding^
the duties imposed upon him by the law.
But I believe these appointments have been very
unfortunate. I believe the law agent is a coinmon-
law lawyer, who has been sent out to that country
to investigate cases which are to be decided under
the civil law, that having been the law of the ter-
ritory when we acquired it. The commissioners,
as I stated yesterday, are all common-law law-
yers. The President of the United States should i.
have selected a law agent not only acquainted with
the civil law, but the commissioners who are to
adjudge these claims under the civil law should be j
familiar with the science of the civil law. In the !
exercise of his discretion, the President of the
United States has seen fit to appoint the persons
whom he has appointed; and now I hold that it
is important, in order to the proper discharge of the
duties under thelaw, that an assistant agent should
be appointed.
The law agent himself has asked the Depart-
ment of the Interior for the appointment of three
additional agents, and he asks for an increase 111
agent and assistant law agent.
Mr. WELLER. I think the law does not re-
quire that the secretary should be a lawyer. The
act of 1851 requires that the law agent shall be by
profession a lawyer.
Mr. FELCH. He is to be "learned in the
law."
Mr. WELLER. I imagine he could not well
be " learned in the law" except he were a lawyer
by profession; but there is no such qualification
necessary for the secretary.
Mr. FELCH. 1 do not refer to the qualifica-
tion in that particular point, but to the qualifica-
tion of which I was speaking, to wit; the know-
ledge of the Spanish and English languages—those
qualifications which will enable him to perform
the duties in connection with the old records and
documents, and with the settlement of the claims.
The qualifications of the secretary are the same
in that respect, and his salary is fixed at $4,000.
There are also five clerks in connection with the
board. Their qualifications are not defined, but
the salary paid them is $1,500 each. I do not
think we ought to make the salary of the assistant
law agent higher than that of the secretary of the
board. I do not think we ought to make it equal
with that of the commissioners. 1 do not think
the qualifications required of him, and the duties
which he has to perform, would require that ex-
orbitant compensation. AH of these salaries, in
any event, are very high, such as we have not
given elsewhere; and although 1 have always voted
with my friends from California for paying liberal
salaries to our officers ill that State, 1 think they
ought in this case to be content with the $4,000
proposed by the committee.
Mr. WELLER. I am satisfied that it would be
utterly impossible to obtain the services of a com-
petent assistant law agent for $4,000. If gentle-
men desire to defeat the bill entirely; if they are
opposed to the appointment of an assistant law
agent; if tliey believe such an officer is wholly
unnecessary, then with great propriety they can
defeat the object entirely by striking out $6,000
and inserting $4,000. But I am satisfied it will not
be within the power of the President to secure the
services of a competent person, skilled in the
Spanish and English languages—such a one as
he ought to appoint, acquainted with the civil
law—at a compensation of $4,000 per annum. It
may seem extravagant to gentlemen who are not
the number°of clerks, as well as the number of l acquainted with the condition of things in Call-
m I ■  1 . I /"• T'l ^ ,.v r, liinnn- in tliat n VI ♦ VT!
for'nia. The expenses of living in that country
j have been so oft^n alluded to, that it is not nerea-
| sary now that I should refer to them. "What may
| spp.m extravagant to gentlemen here, on account of
i the comparatively cheap expenses of living on
^ i this side of the Rocky Mountains, would be cer-
ment of one assistantagent, instead of three assist- j tainly considered to be very liberal and fair on the
ant agents as asked for by the law agent. That ■, other side.
agents who are to try these causes. The delega-
tion of the State of California, looking to the in-
terests of that State—desning, of course, that the
business should be facilitated, in order that the
rights of parties in that State may be decided at
once—have agreed to recommend the appoint'
the appointment of this person is necessary, I ,1
have not the slightest doubt. In my judgment, it 1
will be almost impossible to execute the law of 1
1851, within a reasonable time, unless there be ,
assistant counsel employed to represent the Gov-
ernmeut of the United States. I
It is for that reason that I have advocated the j
proposition to appoint one assistant law agent, 1
and not three, as was asked for, not only by the ;
law agent, but, I believe, also by the board. I am ;
willing to give them one additional law agent; and |
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I can well un-
derstand that, in California, less than $6,000 would
not command the services of a proper agent, or
assistant agent, or additional agent, whatever you
may choose to call him,under the sixth section of
this bill. In my judgment, the law officers of the
Government are the sole protection of the Govern-
ment in these cases. If they are proper individu-
als, and perform their duties properly, they will
constitute the great protection of the Government
against spurious and unauthorized claims, a
