92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
ing and fixing the value of"the gold in grain o^ lumps, and
for forming the same into bars, be, ana the whole of the
clause containing said provisions, shall be hereby repealed.
Mr. HUNTER. This bill contains no appro-
priation. It simply provides for the establishment
of a branch Mint in California. The bill as first
introduced contained a provision for abolishing the
present assaying office. That the committee did
not adopt. They have substituted a provision to
allow the holder of gold ingrains or lumps to take
ingots or bars at pleasure at such rates and charges
as shall be appointed. In all other respects it is
similar to the bill passed last year.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
reported to theSenateas amended, and the amend-
ment concurred in.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the reading of the
section relating to the compensation of the offi-
cers.
After the reading of the bill had been proceeded
with for a short time,
Mr. BRODHEAD said: I do not desire that
the bill should be read any further. I understand
that the salaries provided for in this are the same
as those contained in the bill as it passed last ses-
sion. I shall have no objection to it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HUNTER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill to es-
tablish a Board of Accounts; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
WELCOME TO ICOSSUTH.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that it had passed the
joint resolution of welcome to Louis Kossuth.
In the course of the day the joint resolution was
engrossed and signed by the Presiding Officers of
the two Houses.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that Mr. Gorman
of Indiana, Mr. Haven of New York, and Mr.
Stanton of Kentucky, had been appointed mem-
bets of the Joint Committee on Printing.
CORRECTION.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I rise to make a
very short explanation. While 1 have been struck
with the general accuracy of our Reporters this
session, and the accommodating spirit which they
have manifested towards myself and other Sena-
tors, yet I feel bound to state that it has happened
that my hastily-delivered remarks made the other
day, by way of explanation of one or two points
raised by the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Badger,] were reported erroneously;
and I rise for the purpose of correcting one of
several mistakes. 1 hope the Reporters will not be
pained at my saying that those mistakes would
not have occurred if they had pursued their usual
course—and the one which they are always bound
to pursue—of bringing the report to the Senators
before it is published in the papers. I do not cen-
sure them; but I regret that the necessity has
arisen for making this explanation.
I will state what I am about to correct. The
honorable Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Badger] uttered certain general political doctrines
to which I objected the other day. I am reported
as saying " they break down the freedom of the
4 press, destroy the freedom of speech, and after a
* while would lead to just such violent proceedings
i as have outraged the sensibilities ol the so-called
* republican Government of France," tSr.c.
I intended to be understood as saying, substan-
tially, that they broke down the liberty of the
press and destroyed the freedom of speech, and
that while leading to just such violent proceedings
as those adopted by the so-called republican Gov-
ernment of France, and which so outraged the
feelings of the people of that country, &c. I rise
more for the purpose of protesting, in this gentle
and respectful manner, against the whole report
made the other day, and with the view of giving
this delicate and admonitory hint to the Reporters
that they may always be kind enough to bring the
report to me before it is published.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say a word. I
would not have said anything upon this subject,
had not the Senator from Mississippi brought it
up. Though I do not choose to enter into any
corrections, I \£ould say that I noticed a number
of mistakes in the remarks made by me the other
day. They can, of course, only be avoided.as
suggested by the Senator from Mississippi, by
giving Senators an opportunity of correcting.
[The report alluded to was not one published in
the "Globe."]
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I hope the Senate'
will now take up the special order. I am informed
at this moment that a gentleman who will go
home to-morrow, or at some early moment, wishes
to be heard upon the resolution which I submitted,
and to reply to the few remarks I made the other
day. For one, I am exceedingly anxious to ac-
cord him the opportunity.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution:
A Resolution declaringthe Measuies of Adjustment to be a
definitive settlement of the questions giowing out of de-
mesne slavery.
Be it enacted, That the series of measures embraced m
the acts entitled " An act proposing to the State of Texas
the establishment of her Northern and Western boundaries,
the relinquishment, by the said State, of all territory claimed
by her exterior to said boundaries, and of all he* claims
upon the United States, and to establish a territorial gov-
ernment for New Mexico," approved September 9, 1850;
<c An act for the admission of the State of California into
the Union," approved September 9, 1850; £< An act to es-
tablish a territorial government for Utah," approved Sep-
tember 9, 1850; <k An act to amend and supplementary to
an act entitled k An act respecting fugitives from justice,
and persons escaping from the service of their masters, ap-
proved February 12,1793,' " approved September 18,1850;
and <kAn act to suppress the slave trade in the Dismct of
Columbia," appioved September 20, 1850, commonly
known as the "Oompiomise Acts," are, in the judgment of
tins body, entitled to be recognized as a definitive adjust-
ment and settlement of the distracting questions growing
out of the system of dom'estic slavery, and as such, that
said measures should be acquiesced m and faithfully ob-
served by all good ciazeus.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I am very sorry
that this debate has been suspended,because what
I would have said last week would have been said
in a very few words, and distinctly in reference to
the topic before me. To resume and continue the
debate now will not obviate the incidental injus-
tice to myself and others, occasioned by so long a
suspension. I went into the debate last Monday
morning unexpectedly; that is to say, I spoke from
information acquired only the day before. I had
not seen any of the notices in the newspapers of
the honorable Senator's resolution. I had not
learned that they had been proposed in the Dem-
ocratic caucus. Although, in some measure, I
might have spoken from information thus acquired,
my remarks were made mainly from views which
I took of the subject whilst hearing the honorable
Senator from Mississippi.
While I denounced his proposition as a mode
of ratification of the compromise to which I had
been opposed, I said not one single word, I made
not a single allusion to his own State, or to him-
self, except, perhaps, of a political character, and
that rather by implication than by any distinct ex-
pression. He was pleased to say I had comc into
the debate inops concilit. I came into it, however,
with nothing like militiapraicogitata. I soon learned
that I was contending with onewho was conduct-
ing his movements with the concert'and skill of
political tacticians. But even regarding him as
an organ confining himself to the views and
purposes of himself and others, I might have felt
little inclination or desire to continue and widen the
debate. "When, however, the gentleman enlarged
the scope and aim of his remarks, and gave them
such a direction that they could not escape me and
others; and when he made allusions under a degree
of excitement and passion for which I was not
prepared, I had no alternative left but to make a
rejoinder. They are allusions and remarks which
cannot escape myself, in connection with the meas-
ures he has brought up for ratification, as a repre-
sentative of the State of South Carolina. He knows
as well as any man upon this floor, how painful it
is to me to have anything like an occasion to par-
ticipate in a debate of this kind. There are inci-
dents in our lives which he knows very well make
this painful to me. I must, however, discharge my
duty, and T hope I shall do so in such a manner
that, whilst I may show to the gentleman that
" he who lives in a glass house should not throw
stones," I may also endeavor to vindicate myself
from some of the allusions and remarks which were
intended to reach me. When 1 saw thegentleman,
with so much deliberation, draw from his quiver
arrows that had been laid aside for a contest for
which I was not prepared, I confess that I then
looked with surprise as well as concern upon the
course which the debate was likely to take.
If the gentleman had satisfied himself with sim-
ply avowing that he intended to put the seal of
approbation upon the compromise measures, I
might not have had cause to complain so much.
If he had coatented himself with being entirely
silent as regards the effect which his resolution
•wfould have upon those who opposed it, I might
h|)t, perhaps, have been altogether satisfied, but I
would not have taken material exceptions. ,vBut
he went much further, and not only bestowed ap-
plause and commendation upon the*cherished com-
promise measures, but turned round and fired on
the camp of his former comrades. My duty to
that camp, deserted as it has been, requires me to
vindicate its history and the conduct of those who
are connected with it. Under the cover of the prop-
osition now before the Senate, there seems to be a
double aim—to make a new platform for the secu-
rity of some, and to expose others who are not
willing to be forced from their original position;
and this, too, in a manner unprecedented in the
legislative history of this country, or any other.
It is a mode of ratification of what is regaraed as a
popular measure by certain politicians—of course
not so much for their own advantage as for the
good of the ivhole country—not to,give up to party
what is meant for mankind. I may take a differ-
ent view of the matter. Instead of quieting agita-
tion and restoring harmony, this proceeding will
sow the seeds of discord among those who have a
common interest to defend the rights of the States,
especially the Southern States, which are alone in
danger, and which must be doomed if their true
friends suffer party organizations to divide and de-
stroy them. This measure is to be an ark for the
elect of the land to be saved from the gieat deluge
that may be coming over us. I suppose politicians
will go into it by pairs, of different kinds, to make
an improvement by amalgamation,—as Mr. Burke
said of a similar class, a Mosaic-work, " here a
black piece, and there a red one,"&c. The be-
nevolent plan is to put to the sword all who are to
be excluded from the ark, or who cannot be ad-
mitted into it by a party passport.
I know that the honorable Senator said that his
resolution originated in an enlarged patriotism,
having no reference to party tactics. Sir, I have
always remarked, that when patriotism becomes
so diffused and enlarged, it becomes rather weaker
than stronger. I did not know what the honora-
ble Senator was aiming at, but, as 1 said then, I
knew what the effect would be. Now, before I
allude to or notice some remarks which specially
claim my attention, I will dispose, by way of ex-
planation, of some of the charges, or complaints
perhaps I should say, which he made against those
who had charge of the fugitive slave bill. He in-
timated that they did not do their duty to it. Per-
haps the charge was not made so strongly as to
accuse them of bad faith in relation to it, but it
was something like it.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I expressly dis-
claimed it.
Mr. BUTLER. Thecharge was, that they had
not brought forward the bill with that promptness,
and urged it upon the consideration of the Senate
with the energy, which the occasion, in the opinion
of the gentleman, and some of his special friends,
called for. I made an explanation in reference to
the bill once before. It was at the first session of
the last Congress called up at an early day, and I
made my speech upon it as the chairman of the
committee; and my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] had also made a speech upon it, when,
the late Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Dayton]
having the floor, the whole discussion was sus-
pended, to give the Senator from Kentucky, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Clay,] an opportunity of
bringing before the Senate his measures of com-
promise. No objection was then made to letting
the bill drop for awhile; but before the Committee
of Thirteen had matured and disposed of their
work, I suppose the suggestion was made to
bring up the fugitive slave bill as a separate meas-
ure. Perhaps it was intended to make it a test
in advance. Some of us who had charge of the
bill might not have been inclined to yield .too
readily to the suggestions of those in whose course
of policy we did not exactly agree, or there may
have been a fair difference of opinion as to the
