1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
FLORIDA AND ALABAMA RAILROAD.
Mr. ORR, from the Committee on Public Lands,
reported back, with an amendment. House bill
** granting the right of way and making a donation
of public lands to the States of Florida and Ala-
bama, to aid mthe construction of a railroad from
the waters of Pensacola bay to Montgomery;"
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the -state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
RAILROADS IN ARKANSAS AND MISSOURI.
Mr. ORR, from the same committee, also re-
ported a bill "granting the right of way and
making a grant of land to the States of Arkansas
end Missouri, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from a point on the Mississippi, opposite the
mouth of the Ohio river, via Little Rock, to the
Texas boundary, near Fulton, with branches to
Fort Smith, and the Mississippi river;" which
was read a first and second time by its title, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I would inquire of the
Chair if the morning hour has expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. OLINGMAN. Then I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hibbaro in the chair.)
The CHARM AN stated, as the business be-
fore the committee, House bill No. 7, being a bill
to encourage agriculture, commerce, manufactures,
and all other branches of industry, by granting to
every man who is at the head of a family, and a
citizen of the United States, a homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres of land out of the public
domain, upon condition of occupancy und culti-
vation of the same, for the period herein specified;
upon which, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Ward] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WARD occupied the floor his allotted hour
in discussing the subject of the Presidency; in
doing which he asserted that General Scott had
contributed much, indirectly, towards the enact-
ment of the compromise measures; that he was
known to be in favor of these measures as a final
adjustment of all the questions involved therein,
although he had not written a letter upon the sub-
ject to influence the action of the approaching
nominating convention. His past life—he said—
his patriotic devotion to, and perils in defense of
his country—was a sufficient guarantee that, if he
were elected President of the United States, all
interests, of every section of the Union, would be
safe under his administration. He believed that
in his nomination was involved the question
whether they should have Whig rule for four
years longer, or Democratic rule for four years,
or even half a century.
[Mr. Ward's speech will be found in the Ap-
dendix.]
Mr. AVERETT next addressed the committee,
in opposition to the bill under consideration. He
denied that Congress had any constitutional power
to dispose of the public domain in the maimer
proposed by the bill. He argued to show that the
voting of grants to railroads, to individuals, and
for insane asylums, involved a violation on the
part of Congress of the trust reposed in it to dis-
pose of the public lands for the common benefit.
W ithout concluding, he yielded to
Mr. BOCOCK, who said: It is now, Mr. Chair-
man, nearly three o'clock; and, as my colleague is
unwell, and his voice failing, speaking with great
labor, I hope the committee will indulge him by
rising.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman yield
for that purpose?
Mr. AVERETT. I do; but if it is the pleasure
of the committee I will go on.
The question was then put, and it was agreed
to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the homestead bill, and had come to
no conclusion-thereon.
On motion by Mr. STANLY, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Elijah S. Bell
be withdrawn from the files of the House and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. CABELL, of Florida, leave
was granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House the petition and papers of G. B. Kur-
fed, for the purpose of their reference to the State
Department.
Mr. COBB. Our usual hour of adjournment
has not yet arrived, and why shall we not take up
the business on the Speaker's table and refer it to
the different committees—I mean such communi-
cations as will not give rise to debate? I make the
motion that the House proceed to the business
upon the Speaker's table, and hope no one will
object 
Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled, "A bill
for the relief of Theodore Offut;" which received
the signature of the Speaker.
Mr. STANLY. I do not see any object in the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama, unless it
be to have taken from the table some bill in which
he feels an interest.
Mr. COBB. I want nothing except what will
promote the general good. I have nothing which
I am especially desirous of having taken up.
Mr. STANLY. That is my purpose, and for
that very reason, actuated by that motive, I object
to the motion because the House is too thin.
Tke SPEAKER. It is in order for the gentle-
man to submit his motion.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the negative—ayes 45, noes 31; no quorum.
Mr. KING, of New York, moved the House
adjourn: which motion was agreed to.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorial*, See., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropuatc committees:
Ry Mr. H \HRRRR: The petition, numerously signed by
citizens ofClennont county, Ohio, praying for another canal
of spacious dimensions to ho constructed around the Falls of
the Ohio; that the same be constructed on the Indiana side
of tho river, according to the report and surveys of the to-
pographical bureau.
By Mr. SMITH : The petition from citizens of Pickens
county, Alabama, against the extension of the Woodworth
patent.
By Mr. LOCKII VRT: The petition of B. B. Pipei, an
a-*i-.tam marshal in taking the Seventh Census in Posey
cotttitv, Indiana, asking for additional compensation.
By Mi. HlTNTER: The petition of John Kerr and 123
other citizen* of Monroe county, Ohio, m favor of the
Wheeling bridge.
AI>o, the petition of David G. Coe and 57 other citizens
of Monroe county, Ohio, in favor of the Wheeling bridge.
By Mr. FLORENCE: The memosial of William Em-
mons, sen., petitioning for the extension of the patent of
Uu Emmons of 2.">th April, 1829, tor a cylindrical planing
i machine.
! By Mi. RUTIN'S?: The petition of Andrew Graham and
i other citizens of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania,
I prunng Confess to lepeal all laws reqiiiung duties of
I public ullieeis of the Government on the Lord's day, espe-
; eially with lefeienoe to the mail service on thatdav.
I By Mr. CHANDLER: The memonal of Samuel W.
j Weei and many other citizens of Philadelphia, remonstra-
j ting against a renewal of the patent for Woodworth's pUn-
| nig machine.
; By Mr. ROBINSON : The petition of Simon Bottorff and
| 130 oihei cinzens of Jertersonville, Indiana, praying for the
I improvement- of the navigation of the Ohio river at tho
j Falls, by the construction of another and free canal on the
■ Indiana side of said river, as recommended by Colonel
i Long, supmntendentof Western river and haibor nnprove-
' mentv.
i By .Mr. RUSSELL : The petition of residents at Rouse's
Point, in Clinton county, New York, asking a law to es-
: tabli«h a port of entry at Route's Point, to embtace the fron-
I tier fiom Lake Champhun to the Oswegatchee district,
j By Mi. MACE : The petition of James Snow, of Foun-
' tain county, Indiana, asking to be placed on the pension
; roll.
1 By Mr. DAWSON: The petition of citizens of Fayette
1 and Greene counties, Pennsylvania, praying the establish-
ment of a post route fiotn s'niithfield, in Fayette county, to
Mount Morris, m Greene countv.
By Mi. WASHBURN1: The memorial of James Shorcy,
praying for pension fiom June, 1847, to February, 1852.
By Mr RUSSELL : Two several remonstrances of citi
zens of Clinton county against the extension of Wood-
worth's patent planing machine.
By Mr. NEWTON : The petition of Elijah Judson and
29 others, asking to have land given to actual settlers.
Also, the petition of Huairi Griswold and others, asking
to have the Stare of Ohio divided into two judicial districts?
A No, the petition of Caroline Jarvi<, for a pension.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The memoual of E.
Leutze, artist, asking to be employed to execute paintings
of" Washington Ciossmgthe Delaware," aud "Washing-
ton rallying the troops at the battle of Monmouth," for the
Executive Mansion or the new Capitol.
By Mr. FLORENCE : The memorial of Francis Wilson,
David Henderson, James Murphy, and other citizens of
the State of Pennsylvania, petitioning Congress to pass a
law, granting 160 acres of land to the soldiers of the war of
1812, &c.
Also, the memorial of Richaid Wilkinson, Alfred E.
Wright, Samuel L. Clement, and 58 other citizens of the
county of Philadelphia, praying for the extension of the
Woodworth patent for planing hoards, &c.
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: Tho petition of Harvey
Ely and others, ot the city of Rochester, New York, ask-
ing for a free and unrestricted commerce, &c., between the
United Stales and the Canadas.
By Mr. GROW : The petition and papers of Anna Kings-
bury, lor compensation for services of her father, Simeon
Spauldmg,in the revolutionary war.
Also, of Ilarvey and George Gote, for compensation for
services of their father, Avery Gore, in the revolutionary
war.
Also, of William White, for invalidpension, for services
in the war of 1812.
By Mr, KUHNS: The petition of Charles E. Welty,
assistant marshal for the county of La Fayette, District
No. 5, State of Wisconsin, foi relief.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 8, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
directing the Secretary of War to inform the Sen-
ate whether any of the officers of the United States
Army have contracted to furnish supplies to the
Governmentof theUmtedStates; and if such cases
exist, what were the rates of such contracts; also
the names of the officers making and sanctioning
such contracts, and the measures, if any, which
have been taken by the Department in such cases;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Elizabeth
Marsh, only child of Lieutenant Jonathan Met-
calf, of the Army of the Revolution, praying for the
allowance of half-pay under the act of August 24,
1780; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of John
D. Stell, in behalf of the widow and children of
his brother Thomas J. Stell, praying remunera-
tion for losses duringthe Creek warin 1836; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MORTON presented the memorial of Jo-
seph M. Hernandez, in behalf of the claimants to
indemnity under the 9th article of the treaty with
Spain of February 22, 1819, praying Congress to
authorize an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States, or to make such provision for the
settlement of their claims as shall be required by
honor, justice, and the principles of equity; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
HISTORICAL PAINTINGS.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand an application from Mr. Leutze, the distin-
guished American artist, author of the painting
representing "Washington Crossing the Dela-
ware," exhibited for the last two or three weeks
in the Rotunda of the Capitol, and which, I pre-
sume, you and most of the members of this body
have seen and admired. The application of Mr.
Leutze is addressed to Congress, and proposes to
repeat, with such emendations as experience may
suggest, the beautiful painting to which I have just
refei red, together with a fellow to it, the subject
of which is to be likewise drawn from that por-
tion of American history which represents Wash-
ington rallying our retreating troops at the battle
of Monmouth.
I need not state, Mr. President, that subjects
better calculated to inspire the genius of theartist,
or awaken the patriotism of the American spec-
tator, can hardly be selected. Of the truth of this
there is evidence in the painting which the memo-
rialist proposes to repeat. Who that has looked
upon that admirable picture, and contemplated the
majestic form, and composed, yet inflexible, deter-
mination which beams from the countenance of
the heroic chief, working his perilous way through
the ice of the Delaware to reach the enemy and
strike a decisive blow for freedom, then almost
expiring, has not felt his patriotism stimulated,
and his blood flowing in warmer and quicker cur-
rents through his veins ? And who, in addition to
this, has not experienced a just pride in learning
that this fine, stirring representation of one of the
