1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1005
great acts of the drama of our Revolution, was the
production of American talent? No one, I am
sure, could contemplate this noble picture without
experiencing the glow of both of these emotions
of patriotism and pride. With the true tact of
genius, the artist lias seized the turning point in
{he great struggle for independence—the moment
when hope was attending with despair, to present
the leader of our armies, upon whom all hopes
were concentrated and all eyes were turned, in the
attitude of striking a great and decisive blow, cal-
culated, if successful, to revive the drooping cour-
age and cheer the fainting hearts of his almost
desponding countrymen. It was the critical mo-
ment, pregnant with the result of the pending
contest, with the hopes of humanity, with the
destiny, perhaps, of the world. All these hung
suspended on the events of the night, and the suc-
cess of the morning which was to follow it The
crossing of the Delaware was an event more justly
memorable than the crossing of the Rubicon. The
spirit of all this the artist has caught, and trans-
mitted to the canvas with a fidelity and truthful-
ness which must have struck every beholder.
The other event which the artist proposes to
commemorate, when embellished by his fine im-
agination, and graceful, but vigorous touch, can
scarcely fail to result m a beautiful, soul-stirring
picture. The subject is one of the most striking
in the history of our revolutionary war. General
Lee had been sent forward to bring on the action,
and keep the enemy employed until Washington,
with the main body of the army, should come up;
but instead of doing so, he retreated in disorder
at the approach of the enemy. Washington arriv-
ing on the ground, vexed and disappointed at the
conduct of Lee, and losing for a moment the lofty
and habitual composure, which, until then, had
never forsaken him, even in the most trying situa-
tion of his life, rebuked the retreating General
with asperity. Then, turning to his troops, upon
whom the enemy were pressing, asked them " if
they could fight, and ordered them to face about
and charge." The subject is a fine one, and well
calculated to develop the highest powers of the
artist. I hope, therefore, that the matter will not
end with the presentation of the memorial; but
that the Committee on the Library, to whom I
design to refer it, will give it an attentive and
favorable consideration. Liberality, intended to
adorn and beautify the Capitol, at the same time
that it operates to encourage the development of
American talent, will never be disowned by the
American people.
Since the application of Mr. Leutze was placed
in my hands, Mr. Healy, an artist of equal emi-
nence and merit, has expressed his wish to exe-
cute for Congress, from subjects connected with
our revolutionary history, two paintings—the sub-
ject of one to be the " Throwing overboard of the
Tea in Boston Harbor;" the other, " The Battle
of Bunker Hill."
In the first of these events was contained the
very germ of the American Revolution. The
second will represent the first of the great battles,
in which our untried troops measured their strength
with veterans of England. Both are subjects of
deep and lasting interest, well calculated to draw
out and develop the highest powers of the artist.
Mr. President, I pretend to no very refined
judgment in matters of art; butifl were permitted
to express an opinion o-n the subject, it would be
to state, that " Healv's Webster Replying to
Hayne in the Senate,"'and Leutze's " Washing-
ton Crossing the Delaware," are amongst the
finest modern historical paintings which I have
anywhere seen. Of such artists the country may
well entertain a just pride, and if her Representa-
tives would but echo her sentiments, they would
receive encouragment.
Allow me, sir, one word more. It seems to me
that it is the duty, as well as the privilege, of Con-
gress to do something to encourage the develop-
ment of native talent,"in this most attractive and
refining branch of art. We have evidence m the
pictures of Leutze and Healy, exhibited in this
city during the present session of Congress, to
prove that American genius, in this branch of the
fine arts, needs but scope and encouiagment to
give it a commanding and enviable reputation.
But in this country public taste, in this direction,
has not yet been sufficiently educated ami devel-
oped. Congress should, in my judgment, take the
initiative and lend its aid. Private fortunes, pos-
sessed by men of refined taste and judicious lib-
erality, are still too rare amongst us, to aiTord
either constant or certain encouragment to the
artist. There is one individual m this District, to
whom the friends of art are indebted for an intel-
. ligent dispensation of his ample means, in collect-
|| ing a gallery of pictures; and it is to be hoped his
j; example will be followed elsewhere, and by others
': in similar circumstances. Let others, like him,
'j thus dispose of their abundant means, and they
.1 will thereby acquire, as he has done, a just title
to the gratitude of the artist and the friends of art
wherever they are found.
In other countries the fine arts are objects of the
patronage of the Government. They are encour-
aged, not only for their refining influences, but
likewise with a view to the perfection of the more
useful arts. Schools of painting and design have
done much to perfect various branches of manu-
factures, furnishing patterns for tapestry, bro-
cades, laces, carpets, and various kinds of damask
and figured fabrics. Heretofore we have been
obliged to resort to Europe for designs for all these
kinds of articles which are produced by our arti-
sans. Bat, by encouraging painting and the
kindred art of design, we would soon cease to be
dependent on Europe for our patterns.
The memorials were referred to the Committee
on the Library.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to which was referred the me-
morial of John S. Russworm, legal representative
of William Russworm, deceased, submitted an ad-
verse report. I would (said Mr. W.) say that
since I have been chairman of that committee, this
claim has once before been referred to them. It
was then reported back, and the committee was
discharged, upon the ground, that an adverse re-
port had previously been made by a former com-
mittee. jNo additional testimony having been sub-
;j mitted with the case, the committee now makes
an adverse report, the which is, that the claim,
upon the proofs now submitted, ought not to be
allowed. I hope that the papers may not again
be improperly withdrawn from the files, and refer-
red to that committee.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of the
registers and receivers of the land office at St. Au-
gustine, Florida, praymgeompensation for making
locations of lands under the Arredondo grant,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF A JOINT RESOLUTION".
Mr. BORLAND gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution, to amend
the joint resolution of August 3, 1846, in relation
to the public printing.
|j BILLS INTRODUCED.
: Mr. DOUGLAS, by unanimous consent, asked
r and obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend
!: certain acts for the establishment of territorial
;! governments in Oregon and Minnesota; which was
1 read a first and second time by its title, and re-
'j ferred to the Committee on the Territories,
'i Mr. BROOKE, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
'! provide for the cession of certain lands to the
I; States within which they lie; which was read a
! first and second time by its title, and referred to
j' the Committee on Public Lands.
j| CHAPLAINS IN THE NAVY.
!/ Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
;j which was agreed to:
i: Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in
!i structed to wquiie into the expediency of incicasntg the
'' compensation of Chaplains in the Navy of the United
i: States.
;1 REVISION OF THE STATUTES.
|f Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
;; tion; which was agreed to:
i! Rcsolrcd, That the Committee on the Judiciary be di-
ll reeled to consider the expediency ot piovuhng b> law for
'' the appointment of a commissioner to revise the public
1 statutes of the United States; to simplify their language;
, to eoireet their incongruities ; to supply their deficiencies;
1 to ai range them in order; to reduce them to one connected
text; and to report tlieni thu* improved to Congress.for its
1 final action; to the end that the public statutes, hieh all
! i are piesumedto know, may be m such form as to be moie
j| within the appiehension of all.
i historical paintings.
; Mr. COOPER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
; Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be, and it
j js hereby instructed to inquire into the expediency of em-
! ploying Mr. Lutze to repeat for Congress, iiis painting rep-
, resenting " Washington crossing the Delaware," together"
| with a tellow to it, representing " Washington Rallying the
I American Troopxat the battle of-Monmomli also, of e„m-
I ploying Mr. Healy to paint two pictures, one representing
I "The throwing overboard oi the Tea  n Boston harbor,''the
; other, "The Battle ot Bunker Hill."
! expedition to japan.
! The Senate resumed the consideration of the
; resolution submitted by Mr. Borland, some time
I since, in relation to the objects of the expedition
j to Japan.
j Mr. MASON. I do not feel at liberty to vote
j for the resolution offered by the Senator from Ar-
> kansas. If there was any proper reason stated by
; any Senator, on his own information, why this
I call should be made, 1 should not object to it. If
| any Senator can state that he knows that such an
i expedition is about to sail, and that it is important
j that we should know what are its instructions, go
, far as they may affect our foreign relations, of
I course I should feel bound to vote for it. But I
! have no personal knowledge on the subject, and I
| do not learn from the Senator from Arkansas, if
i I apprehend him correctly, that he has any other
j information than the general rumors in the news-
. papers, which we all know are not to be relied
j upon. This resolution might possibly embarrass
j the Executive, who has the proper command of
i the Wavy, and the power of sending u to those
j parts of the world that the service of the country
, may require; and unless there be some good foun-
j dation on which to base this call, I should be re-
1 luctant to make it.
J Mr. BORLAND. The other day, when the res-
I olution first came up for discussion, it was ob-
jected that there was no evidence of the Exec-
j utive purpose of such an expedition, before the
| Senate, sufficient to justify such a call, ft was
| intimated that this was a volunteer act of mine,
! without any information which either warranted
me in introducing the resolution, or would justify
the Senate in its adoption. I am at a loss to
understand the force of such an objection. I
think it is of no greatconsequence wheie aSenator
may get his information—what may be the sources
of it. The question should be: is the expedition,
as he has understood it, or as others may un-
derstand it, of sufficient importance, of itself, to
command the attention of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States? Does it so far relate to public inter-
ests as to warrant its consideration? Now, if I
had no such sources of information as I then
alluded to, I should consider myself, even on the
meie rumor which has been spoken of, fully war-
ranted in introducing tire resolution. I stated on
that occasion, that I had specific information which
I thought was reliable, that this expedition had
been ordered, and was about to sail. .At that time
I stated the source of information upon which I
did act, to be the chairman of the Committee on
iNTaval Alfairs in the House of Representatives.
Some doubts were then intimated whether that
gentlerftan had made such a statement as to war-
rant such an inference as f had drawn.
In matters of opinion, I am as liable to error as
any one, perhaps more so than most men; but
upon matters of fact, when I state them as such,
I am not in error. When a hill in relation to dis-
cipline in the Navy was under discussion in the
House of Representatives, on the 29th of last
month, the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, [Mr. Staxtont,] in urging the House to act
upon it, made this remark:
"This bill has been carefully examined in the Senate,
and ha? passed tiiat body almo-t umnnntoufly. It came to
this House, was road twiee, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Aff.tirs. That committee have examined it, and
instructed me to repoit it with one amendment. The East
India squadron is about to sail, under the command of Com-
modore Perry. and unless tkis Mil passes before the sailing
of that squadron, it is not likely that the information of its
passage can reach the squadron m less than twelvemonths;
and during that time they will be in a condition which will
be very deleterious to the discipline of the service."
There is his statement, that the squadron was
"about to anil." Continuing the discussion with
others, he further said:
"The East India squadron is about to sail, and it is urged
by the Navy Department, as well as by ike commanding
officer of that squadion. that the HU should be pasted before
the sailing oj that squadron.s>
