1852.
tor private entry and sale, and such as are unsurveyed,
not aeld for public use by erections or improvements there-
on.
The amendment to the amendment, and the ■
amendment as amended, were agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Steyens] moves to amend the sec-
ond section of the bill, by adding at the end there-
of the words, " through said land."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haven] proposes as an additional sec-
tion, the following amendment, which will be now
reported by the Clerk.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
That the right of way through the public land of the
United States, lying in Black Rock, in the county of Erie,
and State of New York, bt', and the same is hereby, granted
to the Lockport and Buffalo Railroad Company: Provided,
That in the opinion of the President of the United States,
such grant be not injurious to the public interests, and that
the location shall be appioved by the President as to the
position and width of said railroad : Jlnd provided further,
That, if the paid lailroad shall not be completed within
two years, or if at any time after its completion, said rail-
road be disco.mnuet^or abandoned, the grant shall cease and
determine.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT. Is it in order to move an
amendment to the first section ?
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order,
the previous question having been orda^i. The
question now before the House is updwhe sub-
stitute offered by the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Stuart.]
Mr. CARTTER. The amendment suggested
this morning was not entertained I believe by rea-
son of the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Smart] objected.
Mr. CARTTER. I ask the gentleman from
Maine and the unanimous consent of the House
to place a limitation upon the right to appropriate
material.
Mr. SMART. If gentlemen will permit me to
say a few words 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
can only proceed by the unanimous consent of the
House.
Mr. SMART. I am willing to go for the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stu-
art,] which I beheve is the appropriate bill. I
still continue the objection 1 have already made.
Mr. CAR.TTE1J. Then 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to insert at the close of the
second section a limitation upon the appropriation
of material to the first construction of the road.
The amendment I make is to strike out the words
" and repair."
Mr. SMART. I object.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it in order to reconsider
the vote by which the previous question was or-
dered , with a view of availing myself of an oppor-
tunity to move the amendment 1 have suggested.'
Mr. DUNCAN. 1 rise merely to say that the
bill, as amended, meets my approbation, although
I should prefer the amendment.
Mr. COBB. The friends of the hill have no
objection to it.
Mr. DUNCAN. I was about to ask that the
original bill may be read, so that the substitute
may be offered. . .
Mr. SMART. At the suggestion of friends
around me, 1 will withdraw the objection I made.
Mr. WHITE. I renew the objection.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered to
be put, in order to make the amendment 1 have
indicated. .
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
I0'Mr. CARTTER. I now move the amendment
which I have already suggested, and upon it call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask for the
reading of the second section as it stands amended.
The section was read by the Clerk.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the word "actual be
stricken out, and the word " first" inserted m lieu
thereof; so that it may read •' for the first construc-
tion of said roads."
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
\f:
^ed, aiia i
1869
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The question was then taken oil Mr. Cartteu's
amendment, and it was agteed to.
The question then recurred upon the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart.]
Mr. STUART. I wish fo suggest a mere ver-
bal amendment, which is this: Where the words
" General Assembly" are employed it would be
better to say "Legislatures." That would cover
all the legislative authorities of all the States.
There being no objection, the bill was so
amended.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to strike out the word " over,"
in the sixth line of the third section and to substi-
tute the word " upon" in lieu thereof. It is bad
sense as it now stands. It will then read " upon
which railways may be situated.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I object to that
amendment. It amounts to nothing at all.
Mr. HUNTER. An amendment was adopted
yesterday, inserting the words "macadamized
turnpikes" after the words " jAnk roads," where
they occur in the first section. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that those words may
be inserted wherever it is necessary, to make the
whole bill conform to the amendment as adopted
yesterday.
There beinw no objection it was so ordered.
Mr. HF.NN. There is one other incongruity.
The words " ten years" are used in the first sec-
tion, and "five years" in the third section. I
ask the unanimous consent of the House that the
third section may be made to correspond with the
first.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. DUNCAN. 1 call for the reading of the
original bill as amended.
It was read, as follows:
Be it enartedbythe Senate and IXovse of Representative*
of the United States of .dmcriea in Congress assembled,
That the light of way shall be, and is hereby, gnanted to all
rail and plank road or macadamized turnpike companies
that aic now. or may he charmed withm ten years here-
after, over and through any of the public lands of the Uni-
ted States, over which any rail or plank road or macadam-
ized turnpikes, authorized by an act of the Legislature of
the respective States m which public lands may be situated ;
and the said companv or companies are hereby authonzed
to survey and mark thiouph the said public lands, to he
held by them for the track of said road, one hundied feet in
width: Provided, Thatm ease whore deep excavation or
heavy embankment is required for the grade of such road,
then at such places a gieater width may be taken by such
company, if necessaiy, not exceeding in the whole tivo
hundred feet.
Sec, 2. Jind be it further enatted, That the said com-
pany or companies shall have the right to takefiom the
public lauds in the vieimty of -aid road or roads ail such
materials of earth, stone, or wood as may bo necessary or
convenient, fiom time to time, for the first construction
of said road or roads, or any part thereof through said
lands.
Sec. 3. ./Ini be it fmthcr enacted, That there shall be,
and is hereby, granted to said company or companies all
neces.-aiy sites for watering places,depots, and work-shops
along the line of said road or loads, so lar as the places
convenient (or tiie same may fall upon the public lands :
Provided, That '.o one, depot or watering placc shall con-
tain over one square acie. and that said sites shall not be
nearer lo each other than ten miles alons the line or lilies
of said load or roads: Provided jurther, That the said
grants heiem contained, as well as of the use of the public
lands, as of the mateiials for the construction of said road
or roads, shall cease and determine, unless the road oi loads
be boinin witiiin five years from and after the passage of
this act, and completed within fifteen years thereafter:
Jind pronded, -moreover. That if any road, at any time after
its completion, oe discontinued or abandoned by said com-
pany or companies, the grants hereby made shall cease and
determine, and said lam,s herebv granted revert back to tiie
General Government: l'roi idedprthe;, That u-hon a loca-
tion lor either of said rmhoad^ or plank toads, inacadann/.cd
turnpikes, or sues for depots on the line of such road or
roads shall he selected, the proper officers of such road or
loads shall transmit to the Cuintni^-ioner of the General
Land Office a con cot plat of the survey of said road or
loads, together with the smveyof site.-, for depots, befote
such selection shall become operative: Provided finther,
That nore o! the torecom^ provisions o! tuc act shall apply
to or anthoi.ze any rights in anv lands of the United States
other than such as are held for private entry ami sale, and
such as are unsurveyed and notheld lor pubiic use by elec-
tion or improvement thereon.
Sec, 4. Jind be it further enaited, That the rmht of way
through the public lands of the United States lynn* in Black
Rock, m trie county of tine, and State of New Vo: k. he, and
I the «anie is herebv granted to tbeLockpoitand Buffalo Rail-
I road Company : Provided, That, ill the opinion of the Pres-
ident of the United States, such grant be not injurious to
the public interest, and that the looatiou shall be approved
bv the President as to the position and width of the said
railroad: Jind provided further, That if the said railroad
shall not be completed within two years, or if at any time
after its completion, the said railroad be discontinued or
abandoned, the grant shall cease and determine.
The substitute of Mr. Stuart [published yes-
terday] was also read.
Mr. MANN. I wish to inquire whether this
bill does not include California, so that a road, as
soon as the public lands are surveyed there, can
be laid out twelve rods wide/and an acre taken
for a depot anywhere?
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order,
I understand that this substitute of the honorable
member from Michigan [Mr. Stcart] is the Sen-
ate bill now pending in the House; and the ques-
tion of order I wisl\,to make is, whether one bill
can be made as a substitute for another.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
it is not identically the same. The substitute was
entertained yesterday by the House, and under
the circumstances the Chair does not feel justified
in ruling it out of order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
ask the unanimous consent of the House to make
an amendment, to obviate the difficulty which I see
has struck the mind of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. M.iNtr.] ft is this: At the end
of the first section of the substitute I propose to
insert these words:
Provided, That said company shall have no interest in
the minerals on the land3 thus granted.
Otherwise they will take up half the California
gold lands.
Mr. CARTTER. I do not see the necessity
for that amendment, and I object to it. The bill
purports simply to grant the right of way and oc-
cupancy—a usufruct-right such as highways hare
in all cases of that kind, and it is well anderstood
that they have no other right than the right to oc-
cupy, for the purpose of passing over.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Is not the pre-
vious question in force?
The SPEAKER. ,It is.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I object to this dis-
cussion.
I withdraw my objection.
Has the morning nour ex-
Mr. CARTTER.
Mr. HOUSTON,
pi red ?
'The SPEAKER.
Mr. HOUSTON.
It has.
I then move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to know if I had the
unanimous consent of the House to offer my
amendment, and whether it is now pending?
The SPEAKER. It was objected to.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the objection was
withdrawn.
HOSTILITIES ON THE RIO GRANDE.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] to withdraw his motion
for a moment, to enable me to make a statement to
the House. I wish to get up a bill that will take
but a few moments to dispose of. It relates to the
difficulties upon the Rio Grande, and the hostilities
that are going on there. It is a House bill, which
the Senate have passed with amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no doubt that the
committee will come into the House this evening
time enough for the gentleman to make that mo-
tion. If I yield now, I shall have to yield to a
dozen other gentlemen who aie wishing me to do
so. —
Mr. HOWARD. If the gentleman from Al-
abama knew the facts, he certainly would not ob-
ject. -We have by the last mail received news
'that two villages upon the banks of the Rio Gtande
have been burned, und that steamboats have been
brought m from the New Mexico side. There is
a biii which has passed the Senate authorizing the
President, if he deems it necessary, to call for a
sufficient force to repress those hostilities, and to
preserve peace upon the borders. If this mattfr
is delayed much longer, it will lead to serious con-
sequences; and I hope, therefore, as it will not take
five minutes to concur in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill which has already passed this
House, that the gentleman will withdraw his
motion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If the mo-
tion is withdrawn, is riot the bill upon which we
were acting when the motion was made to go into
Committee of the Whole again before us ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard] to ask the
gentleman from Alabama to withdraw his motion
