1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
mode of using the fugitive slave bill. But when
the bill was brought up under the suggestion of
the honorable gentleman, and with the understand-
ing that his Northern friends and allies would sup-
port it, how many of them voted for it? The two
gentlemen from Iowa [Mess^. Dodge and Jones]
voted for the bill, arid the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, no longer a member of this
body, [Mr. Sturgeon,] voted for the bill. The
honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dick-
inson,] no longer here, would have voted for it,
and explained at the time the reasons why he
did not, having paired off with his colleague.
There were but three Northern Senators who
voted for it. Let the country understand now,
for the first time, if it never has been under-
stood before, why honorable gentlemen from the
North, who are now so vehement upon the subject
of these compromises, did not vote on that bill,
either for or against it. When the compromise
measures have swum to the shore, there are some
willing to stretch out the hand of aid, but were
unwilling to run the hazard of the flood when it was
unceitain as to the fate of the bill referred to. Did
they avoid that vote? or were they absent by acci-
dent when the vote was taken ? Some of those gen-
tlemen, I know, gave their moral support to the
bill; but I state the fact, that it was not until the
bill had gone to the country, and obtained its
favorable judgment, as they suppose, that some
gentlemen became its open advocates. So much
for that.
Now for another complaint and charge, which
the honorable Senator has made, which may ap-
ply to myself, that is, denying the President power
to enforce the law. I beg to bring to the attention of
the Senate the report which I submitted in relation
to the President's message, calling for additional
legislation to enable him to enforce the fugitive
slave law.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I thought that I
was distinctly understood by the whole Senate in
stating that 1 had no allusion to the honorable Sen-
ator in connection with this matter. I recollected
his report, and I have had occasion to read it in
my own State in language of commendation. He
expresses some opinions in the report in which I
do not entirely concur. But I was exceedingly
struck with a portion of the language used in the
report, expressing confidence in the disposition of
the Executive to perform his duty faithfully in ex-
ecuting the powers vested in him on this import-
ant subject.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to have the reportread,
not so much for any vindication of myself as that
the Senate may understand my views.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
" In submitting my views on the message of the President
referred to the Judiciary Committee, it is not my purpose
to express my dissent from the general and unqualified con-
clusion of the majority of the committee, to wit: that it is
unnecessary at this time, by further legislation, to give the
President power over the militia and military forces of the
Government, for the purpose of suppressing xnsunectlons
and combinations to obstruct the execution of the laws.
'• There arc some subjects of the message presented to the
consideration of Confess, and which address themselves
specially to the consideration of the committee, upon which
I feel it a duty to express an opinion, lest by silence there
might be a tacit recognition of one of the assumptions and
an approbation of some of the recommendations of the
message.
44 Previously to the act of 1807, it seems to have been the
implied understanding of all the departments of the Govern-
ment that the President was confined to the militia, 1 to
suppress insurrections against the State government and to
suppress combinations against the laws of the United
States.'
" The act of 1795 indicates the occasions and prescribes
tfte manner in which the militia shall be called out and
employed. The Piesident cannot order out the militia to
suppressmsurrection against the State government, without
being called on to do so by the legislative or executive
authority of the State concerned.
" To suppress combinations against the laws of the United
States, it is the duty of the President to judge of the occa-
sion for calling out the militia. On all occasion* for calling
out and employing the militia, it was made the duty, by the
art referred to, to issue his proclamation as a previous
warning to the employment of force.
" This provision was founded in usage, and has had the
sanction oftime, trial, andexperience. It is but the warn-
ing voice of a foibearmg Government. There might be
some occasions when the interval between such warning
and the actual employment of force might be of some dui a-
tion Other occasions might be such as to require the force
to follow in quick succession to. the warning of a proclama-
tion. The order to call out the militia and the proclama-
uen'migbt emanate at the same time.
" It seems to have been in contemplation by the act of
1795 to put at the disposal or the President a quasi military
vo se comitate of citizen soldiers, to maintain the domin-
ion of the laws, in which they had the interest of citizens.
It was to make use of one class of citizens to bring another
to a sense of justice and a proper submission to the law. I
approve its wisdom. An insurrection would be much
more easily quelled by the array of neighbors and fellow-
citizens, than by the employment of a trained and organ-
ized army, whose only influence would be the employment
of force. An overwhelming force might be employed in the
first case, whilst the other might only be strong enough to
provoke collision, and end in blood. Whatever might be
the views of our ancestors, it is certain that until 1807 the
miliua was the only force put at the disposal of the Presi-
dent to suppress insurrection, &c.
"The act of 1807'is in these words: 'That in cases of in-
< surrection or obstruction to the laws either of the United
f States or of any individual State or Territory, where it h
i lawful for the President of the United States to call forth
'the militia for suppressing such insurrection or causing the
' laws to be duly executed, it shall be lawful for him to em-
' ploy for the same purpose such part of the land and naval
1 force a-: shall be necessary, having first observed all the
1 prerequisites of the law in that respect
" So far as it regards the employment of the army and
naval forcc, the President maintains that he is subject to no
prerequisites of the act referred to, but that they are abso-
lutely at his command for the purposes indicated.
"The words of the Piesident arc: 1 Congress, not proba-
c bly adveitmg to the difference between the militia and the
1 regular army by the act of March 3, 1807, authorized the
' President to use the land and naval forces of the United
i States for the same purposes for which he might call forth
i the militia, and subject to the same proclamation* But
< the power of the President under the Constitution as com-
' mander of the army and navy is general, and his duty to
' see the laws executed is general and positive ; and the act
' of 1807 ought not to be construed as evincing' any disposi-
1 tion in Congress to limit or restrain any of his constitu-
{tional authority.'
"The import of which is, that the President may use the
Army and Navy as he may think proper under the plenitude
of his constitutional authori ty, and that he is not constrained
by the act of 1807, nor can he he restrained by any act of
Congress. Being cx officio commander, he can use the
Army in suppressing insurrections in a manner different
from that in which he is lequircd to use the militia.
" For the specific and sometimes delicate purposes indi-
cated, I think Congress has the direction of the President.
When actually in command for repelling invasion oi for
any other purpose, he must exercise his own judgment
undei his constitutional discretion. In one sentence I deny
that the President has .a light to employ the Army and Navy
for suppressing insurrection, Stc., without observing-the
same prerequisites preseiibed for him in calling out the
militia for the same purpose.
" His suggestion in his message is, that he shall have a
right to employ the militia, as he contends he has a right
under the Constitution to employ the regular military foice
—that is, without notice of a proclamation. I do not think
lie lias the right to call out the military force of the Govern-
ment without observing the prerequisites of the act of 1795,
and I am unwilling to give him such power hi calling out
the militia. I would r'egaid it as a fearfully momentous
occasion to see the Army called out to shoot down indi-
gents without notice or proclamation.
" The tiuth is, it must be regarded as a significant omen
of the tinier to be told that a marshal, uudei his plenary
power to call out the posse comitatus, cannot execute con-
stitutional laws without resoit to force, and that to be exe-
cuted with the promptness of executive will.
"Ju>uce and the occasion require me to say, that I do
not believe the power contended tor would be abused by
the present Executive. The precedent for the direction of
a mild and just President may be the rod of power for a
military despot. A. P. BUTLER.
"February 28, 1851."
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, this report did
not materially differ from the report of the major-
ity. I have seen it adverted to by the newspa-
pers, and generally, I think, the report has been
approved. If I had been influenced byfeelingsof
sectional resentment, I might have been tempted
to yield to the President's demands. The import
of his message was, that he should be allowed not
only to use the regular army, without proclama-
tion, in putting down insurrections and bodies of
men too formidable to be overcome by the ordinary
posse comitatus of the country , but he required that
there should be an armed militia at the disposal of
his marshals, with bayonets and balls, who should
put down those formidable bodies of men, without
warning them—without having the riot act read to
them at all. I did not agree to any such sugges-
tion. I recollect that under the influence of the
highly eloquent appeal which was made by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,]
not now in his seat, this body was prepared almost
for any law, and to adopt almost any suggestion.
1 recollected, however, that what might be urged
as the precedent of to-day, might be the prescrip-
tion of to-morrow, and the same principles which
would prevail if his recommendation had been
assented to in this case, might be abused by any
arbitrary tyrant.
I made no allusion to the precedent as a means
to overcome the liberties and institutions of the
country. I say now, that if the fugitive slave
law is to he enforced by the bayonet—by an
armed posse comitatus, put at the disposal of the
Executive—it is an evidence that it is a law which
will not be enforced at all. 1 believe that it will
not—I believe that it has.not been enforced. -And
in this Republic, when it is necessary that the
bayonet should be used instead of voluntary sub-
mission to the dominion of the law by the citizens
themselves, or by the ordinary force which can
be evoked on the occasion to carry it into effect,
it is a significant omen, and indicative of' the
times. Why, I read of these riots and these
combinations being denounced as treason. I did
not believe, at the time, that they would be con-
strued so as to amount to treason against the
United States. Whatever might be their real
character, such would not be their complexion ill
the courts. The character of such meetings will
depend more on the testimony of witnesses than
the truth of facts, and no authority can overcome
such influences. We have a great many rhetori-
cal declamations in this Senate; and if the advertise-
ments which go out from here were to indicate
anything like the truth, there would be very little
difficulty in carrying out the provisions of the'
Constitution. But the Constitution is a dead
letter. United States courts have no jurisdiction
over the subject, for it is not regarded as treason.
It is referred to the State courts. What will be
the result? The State courts take jurisdiction of
this resistance of the fugitive slave law as of an
ordinary riot or murder. Who are to decide
upon the crime? A jury composed, perhaps, of
those who sympathize with the person charged.
Who is to award the punishment? The judge
who, perhaps, entertains the same feelings, and
indulges in the same sympathies. Or, if a tribu-
nal could be found—which I never expect to see—
stern enough, in defiance of public opinion, to do
justice, under the sanction of an oath, to the obli-
gations of the Constitution, the sentence would
be remitted by the Executive of almost any one
of the non-slaveholding States.
Gentlemen preach to me eternally that this fugi-
tive slave law will be executed, when every news-
paper brings a refutation of the assertion. Have
we not arrived at an eventful period in the history
of the country? When I see that, by combina-
tions, by contrivances* by legislative enactments,
one of the solemn articles of the Constitution—for
the fugitive slave law is nothing but an affirmation
and recognition of the Constitution—is not only
violated, but even put under the ban of the pulpit, let
the gentleman not tell me that we are to put bayo-
nets at the disposal of an Executive to enforce any
such law. Let the gentleman not lay that flatter-
ing unction to his soul. I know that the people
may be addressed, and that parties may make
excuses and patched-up platforms, for the purpose
of concealing the truth from the public mind; but
it cannot be done.
Mr. POOTE, of Mississippi. Lest I should
have misunderstood the gentleman, I will ask him
whether we are to understand him as just now
announcing the opinion,that armed opposition on
the part of citizens of a country, for the purpose
of arresting the execution of the fugitive slave Jaw,
would not amount to treason ?
Mr. BUTLER. I said no such thing. I know
the difference between riot and treason. It would
be treason to levy war against the "United States,
if there had been a concerted movement of a
public kind to defeat the execution of a law, or of
the Constitution, it would amount to treason.
But these riots which break out suddenly for a
private end—the release of a fugitive slave from
his master—would be construed to amount to mere
riot, and would not be held to be treason. And I
said, too, that if a judge would award proper pun-
ishment, the Governor of the State would remit it„
Mr. BRODHEAD. Not in Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUTLER. I have a right to appeal to the
Senate upon another subject in connection with
this. The Senator from Mississippi vehemently
urges the necessity of having statutory or legis-
lative enactments for the ratification of this com-
promise. He may take either one of the horns of
the dilemma. The gentleman was either opposed
to some of the points of the compromise when they
were under consideration, or he was in favor of
them. 1 do not care which he takes. If he says
he was opposed to some one of the propositions
involved in the compromise, he must allow me to
take his authority; and if, on that occasion, he
denounced and was opposed to it, I have a right
at least to expect from him some indulgence to- 
ward those who agreed with him on that occasion,
If, on the contrary, the gentleman was in fkvov of
