1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
Still further, during that discussion, he said:
" I cannot consent to any postponement of tins biil, if it
is to be a matter of doubt whether it will be taken up, as it
is known that a portion of the Pacific squadron u:ill six.il
daring thU> week, on Wednesday next; and it is exceed-
ingly important that this bill should be acted upon previous
to that time."
/The " Wednesday /text" after these remarks,
was the very day I offered this resolution.
There was the declaration of the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs of the House of
Representatives. Ho.w could he have known that
the Secretary of the Navy desired a bill to pass
in reference to this expedition, and that the com-
mander of the expedition also desired it, without
having been informed officially by these officers
that it was about to sail? At any rate there are
his positive and repeated declarations of a fact, in
his place in the House of Representatives, and
under circumstances which gave them the effect of
an official announcement from the Navy Depart-
ment, and authorized me to assume them to be
such. Since I made this statement to the Senate,
the gentleman in question, Mr. Stanton, has seen
me in person, and expressed the opinion that 1
was mistaken as to his remarks. Here they are,
as reported for the official paper appointed for the
purpose. I took them as 1 found them, and here
they are just as they will be found in my original
statement. Since then, again, that is on the day
before yesterday, in reference to this matter, Mr.
Stanton, the gentleman alluded to, in the House
of Representatives, said tlus:
" I would like to state, if the gentleman will allow me,
that I was reported as having said, in the debate the other
day, that this expedition wa  to leave on last Wednesday.
1 stated that a part of tiie expedition was to leave at thai
time. I had seen Commodore Peny a few days betore, and
he said he himself would not leave tor a month or mote.
I did not state that the whole expedition was about to leave.
I know that a pait will not leave tor a month."
Whether the gentleman said the whole > or only
a part, of the expedition was to sail on Wednes-
day, is no matter. It is (he fact of the sailing at
alt of which I spoke, and the only one that is at
all material.
Here, then, is a large naval expedition ordered
to the Indian ocean, and to the coast of Japan in
particular, and for some important objects. Here
is evidence that the Navy Department has acted
in the matter. Here is public, official information
of the fact, stated in the House of Representatives.
So, whether of my own mere motion, it would
have been right or wrong to have introduced the
resolution, I think this must satisfy those gentle-
men, who consider information derived from of-
ficial sources as necessary to warrant an inquiry,
and to justify the action of the Senate.
I have read these portions of the debate in the
House of Representatives, to show to the Senate
the foundation upon which I based my remarks,
when the subject was up before. I did not con-
sider it necessary to authorize me to introduce the
resolution; but 1 gave it as the basis of the inform-
ation upon which I did introduce it. I needed no
such authority. I neither need, nor do J recognize
any authority, beyond my own sense of duty, and
the rules of the Senate, to do or to say anything
upon this floor.
In regard to the propriety of making public, and
laying fairly before the people of the United States
the action of this Government, no matter by what
Department, in any way affecting the inteiests of !
the people, I have no more to say now in addition
to my former remarks. But I desire to call the
attention of the Senate to the importance which
seems to be attached to this expedition, by its j
friends, and by the Administration. We find it
announced in all the newspapers. We find com-
munications written from this city, evidently based
upon information from official sources, stating that
this expedition is about to sail, and that it is of a
very important character. There is a remarkable
concurrence, as to its general objects and its im- |
fortance, between ail these published statements, i
find in a paper published m the city of Boston, j
established, and recognized throughout the coun- I
try, as the especial organ, the especial representa- |
tive and exponent of the political views, and the j
advocate of the po'itical aspirations and advance- j
ment of the distinguished Secretary of State: I j
find in that paper, the lastnumber of which reached i
me through' the mail yesterday morning, artic.ee?
in reference to this expedition, in which it is '
heralded to the world as a great national move- I
ment, involving most important political consider- i
ations, and evidently thrown into the canvass, for
the purpose of producing its effect in the approach-
ing presidential election. I will read them.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the paper?
Mr. BORLAND. It is a paper called Our
Country," specially devoted to the advocacy of
the election of Mr. Webster to the Presidency of
the United States. Here is one of them:
e<The United Spates and Japan.—The following is
a correct list ot the squadton destined for the East Indies
and the Coast ot Japan, under Commodote Perry:
"United States steam-irigate Susquehanna, flag-ship,
Commodore M. 0. Perry, Commander in-Chief; Com-
mander Franklin Buchanan, Captain of the ship; Com-
mander Henry A. Adams, Captain of the fleet; Lieutenant
John Contee, Flag Lieutenant.
" United States steam-frigate Mississippi, Captain Wm,
J. MeCluney.
"United States steamer Princeton, Commander Sidney
Smith Lee.
'• United States ship Plymouth, at present in the East
Indies, Commander John Kelly.
" United States ship Saiatoga, Commander Wm. S.
Walker, in the East Indies.
••'Armed store-ship Supply, Lieutenant Commanding
Arthur Sinclair.
4k Commodore Perry gpes out in the Mississippi, and will
hoi«?t his broad pennant on the Susquehanna on his arrival
in the East Indies.
"Our readers are aware that we regard this expedition to
the Pacific coa t as one of the mo?t important ever under-
taken by our Government. Not that it is to be viewed in
the light of an armed invasion. Such is by no means the
case. It would be simply ndiculous to suppose that the
United States would send a tew ships like the above, to
overrun and subjugate the populous and powetiul empire of
Japan. No one' but an idiot would think of such a thing.
" But this diplomatic movement is of vast importance in
its ultimate results; and, as such, reflects gieat credit on
its onginators, especially oil the distinguished Secretary of
Stale. We are glad to Irani that the Washington Union
approves bis p;Uiiotic course.
" Mr Webster understands this mattei well. He Ls per-
fectly avvaie of what is due to the commcicial interests of
the whole Union, mid he will continue to suggest to the
President, as he has done in this case, such sagacious
measures ot diplomacy as will protect and advance those
interests in all quaiters of the woild. He knows what is
due to the light- of American seamen, shipwrecked, plun-
dered, and outraged on the Japanese coasts; and he will
nevei consent th.it tin; wrongs whieli our haidv tais endure
in distant land- shah «<> uniedressed, while the United
States Government lias power to ledress them.
"This expedition, then, is not only perfectly justifiable,
but highly honorable to all concerned ; and we hope to see
it earned through in a manner woithy ot the American flag
and the American name."
I shall not stop now to indulge in the expres-
sion of certain reminiscences and reflections, sug-
gested to my mind by this eloquent laudation of
the very paternal regard for the interests of Amer-
ican commerce, and the welfare of American sea-
men, as affected by our relations with foreign
countries, by the distinguished gentleman who is
now Secretary of State, and a prominent candi-
date for the Presidency. Here is the other article
from the same paper:
" Expedition to Japan.—Nothing can be more ridic-
ulous, says the New York Courier and Emjuuer, than the
telegiaph dispatches and Washington coi respondents, m
regard to the objects and purposes of the expedition about
tos.nl lor tile China Seas, under the command ot Commo-
dore Peny. We have already treated tlus subject at some
length, ami demon-tiatuig the impoitanee of demanding
redirss fioin the Japanese lor pa«t Grievances, and securing
re.-peot foi our eomineiec m future. But we expressly re-
pudiated the idea that the expedition contemplated any con-
quest."
u Indemnity for the past—security for the
future!" Tins, Mr. President, was our motto
m the Mexican war. Cut, sir, I confess it is a
little surprising to me; indeed, it is what Hi si ar-
rested my attention, and induced me to examine
the subject somewhat curiously, that the political
party which opposed that war, and is now im-
bodied in, and represented by this Administration,
should so suddenly have shifted its ground, faced
about, and adopted the very position upon which
they looked with such horror, and so horrified the
country about, by the pictures they drew of its con-
sequences. And I must express my surprise,
especially, that Senators on the other side of this
Chamber, who are of the Administration party,
who joined in the anti-war cry, denounced the
doctrine of " indemnity for the past, and security
for the future," and were opposed to establishing
more extended relations than then existed with
other countries, particularly if such relations threat-
ened war, or looked to increased possessions of ter-
ritory, should now befound so suddenly enamored
of. and converted to that policy, as to be engaging
; all at once disciples of a new Peter the
Hermit, in a crusade against a stiange people, of
whom we know but little, and against whom we
certainly know not that we have any cause of
-quarrel whatever. The article before me goes
on:
"That we have a right to claim the use of harbors on the
coast ot Japan for protection fiom stress of weather, nobody
can deny; nor will it be questioned that it is alike our right
and our duty, to insist that the shipwrecked mariner ou
that inhospitable coast, and the disabled whaler, shall no
longer be treated as pirates. This we owe alike to our com-
merce and to humanity; and tins Commodore Perry will
doubtless insist upon. The whole civilized world wilt not
only justify but applaud this proceeding.'7
Now, sir, we find editors of newspapers, be-
lieved to be in the confidence, and who are specially
engaged in sustaining the views of this Adminis-
tration, and advocating the presidential aspirations
of certain leading members of it, fully possessed
of information as to the objectsof this expedition,
and the means that are to be used to carry out
those objects. We find them all in possession of this
information, which enables them to shadow forth,
rather dimly to the public, to be sure, some great
project to be undertaken—some mighty scheme, ,
pregnant with vital consequences to this nation,
and which must, to a greater or less degree, re-
quire the cooperation of Congress during its prog-
ress, or at its close; and yet Senators rise in their
places here, and deny alike the competency of the
Senate to ask for information in respect to it, or
the necessity, or even propriety, of making the
call, or receiving an answer. Strange, indeed,
sir, if private individuals and editors of newspa-
pers, for personal or political purposes, shall be
put in possession of this information by the Gov-
ernment, to be used in such parts, and for such
purposes as interest or ambition may dictate; and
yet that the Senate of the United States is not
competent to ask for it, and may not properly re-
ceive it. Mr. President, the idea that the public
interest may suffer by our getting this information,
and making it accessible to every man in the coun-
try, is, to my mind, strange indeed. Sir, I have
no such conceptions of public affairs and the pub-
lic interests, and entertain no such contemptuous
opinion of the popular intelligence of this country.
How strange, sir, to hear such opinions expressed,
and that, too, right in the face of the fact that the
information is not locked up in the breast of the
Administration, but is dealt out here and there, in
New York and Boston, in certain quantities and
for certain purposes—what purposes I pretend not
to say, further than is already indicated; and that
is to favor certain presidential aspirations.
I repeat, sir, it does seem strange to me, that
with these things before the public—with this im-
perfect information which is given, and evidently
derived from sources which are in possession of
all the objects of the expedition, any one should
refuse, to either branch of Congress, information
which will enable us to understand the whole sub-
ject, when all its consequences, be they good or
bad, are to fall upon those whom we represent;
and when (let the result be what it may) we will
be called upon to pay the expenses of the whole
project, and to that extent, as we have already been
told by the friends of the Administration on this
floor, and by its organs of the newspaper press, that
we shall be held responsible to the country. They
tell us that we have the power, that the Constitu-
tion has placed it in our hands, and that we are
responsible for its exercise, and will be held to
that responsibility before the country.
Before I resume my seat, I have a word upon
what I noticed in the remarks of the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Mangum,] who first spoke
in opposition to this resolution, when he under-
took, if I understood him, to read a lecture to a
portion of the Democratic party, for those views
of progress which lead it into interference with
the affairs of other countries; alluding, as I un-
derstood him, in one direction to the favor which
some had shown to what was called the Cuban
expedition.
Mr. MANGUM. I do not remember when I
attempted to lecture the Democratic party, or any-
body else, on that subject. I wish the gentleman
would remind me when and where I did so.
Mr. BORLAND. I understood his remarks to
be a general lecture, in brief terms it is true, to
certain members of the Democratic party who
favored an interference in the affairs of foreign
nations, including the so-called Cuban expedition;
and further as a sort of rebuke in general to those
who favored what is called the doctrine of " inter-
vention;" intimating that theirs was progress m
the wrong direction, when it led them beyond our
