1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
dred and thirty-four, the Senator from Louisiana
has an irrefragable argument in favor of his prop-
osition to add a member for his State.
Now, suppose an additional member given
to Louisiana, and the aggregate of the House of
.Representatives increased to two hundred and
thirty live, what will be the result? Divide the
aggregate population by two hundred and thirty-
five and you will have a new ratio. Divide the
population of each State by that ratio, ascertain
the number of Representatives to which a State is
entitled by the entire ratio, and then distribute the
fractions, and some other State will have an equi-
table and indeed a legal claim to be placed in the
same category as the State of Louisiana, and the
result will be that you may go on increasing the
entire number of Representatives, and consequent-
ly the representation of particular States, indefi-
nitely. That is certainly the necessary result of
the amendment if pursued to its legitimate con-
sequences. If we amend the act of 1850, by
changing the aggregate number of the House of
Representatives, these consequences must inevit-
ably follow.
but Senators say that we are in a dilemma, and
they ask us how we shall escape from it? We
shall best escape from it, Mr. President, by taking
a common-sense view of the matter, and applying
the plain provisions of the Constitution to the
case, and by following out its requirements. The
difficulty in which Congress finds itself involved,
and from which it seeks to be released, results
from the attempt by the act of 1850 to fix in ad-
vance the number of Representatives in the House
by an inflexible rule governing future apportion-
ments. It results, sir, from an attempt to appor-
tion representation in advance of enumeration—-to
do that before the enumeration which ought to be
done afterwards, and which all precedents require
to be done afterwards.
I will ask the attention of the Senate for a mo-
ment to some of the consequences which follow
from the rule established by the act of 1850. The
number of Representatives is fixed at two hundred
and thirty-three. Divide the entire representative
population by this number and you obtain the
representative ratio. Divide the representative
population of each State by this ratio, add the
numbers thus obtained together, and you obtain
the number of members of the House, disregard-
ing fractions. Rut this number will be less than
two hundred and thirty-three. To make up the
deficiency the bill gives one Representative each to
the States having the largest fraction until the
fixed number, two hundred and thirty-three, is
completed. The result is, that in the case of South
Carolina (and in the case of Louisiana, also, if the
number be increased to two hundred and thiity-
four) you will have a Representative for a fraction
less than a moiety of the ratio.
J am not aware that there was ever any repre-
sentation for a fraction until J8452. The appor-
tionment of that year provided that each State
should have a Representative for every seventy
thousand six hundred and eighty ofits population,
and an additional Representative for every frac-
tion greater than a moiety. It is proposed, for the
first time in the history of this Government, to give
a Representative for a fraction less than a moiety.
If you can give a Representative for less than a
moiety, you can give one for any number, how-
ever inconsiderable.
The Constitution provides for an apportionment
according to numbers. It requires an actual enu-
meration to be made, with a view to ascertain the
numbers. This enumeration is not conclusive. It
furnishes prima facie evidence, which, except in
extreme cases, ought not to be disregarded, but
not conclusive evidence. Senators seem to con-
found the distinction between apportionment ac-
cording to numbers, and apportionment according
to enumeration. The true construction of the
Constitution requires the first, and does not require
the second. If the enumeration of any State is
neglected or, being attempted, is imperfectly exe-
cuted, we are bound to ascertain the numbers from
the best evidence we can command.
If the amendment proposed by the honorable
Senator from Maine shall prevail, and numbers
shall be disregarded in making; the apportionment,
I see no reason why, afterwards, the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Louisiana should
not also prevail; because I show, I think beyond
controversy, that Louisiana will stand, after you
have made the number of the House of Repre-
sentatives two hundred and thirty-four, in pre-
cisely the same category in which South Carolina
now stands, in relation to California.
Now, what is the way, the practical way, to
get out of the difficulty? In my judgment, the
true way was indicated by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky yesterday, [Mr. Underwood,]
when he said: Ascertain the numbers,satisfy your-
selves as to the real numbers in the State, and
when they are ascertained, follow the rule pre-
scribed by the Constitution. The enumeration
is not conclusive; itdoes notbindus. Weshould,
indeed, respect it so far as to give a representation
accordingly, where an enumeration has been made
in fact. Where we have returns of actual enu-
meration, we should follow them. Where we
have not, we should take the next best evidence.
But we are bound to give a representation accord-
ing to numbers, and if the returns from any State
do not represent its population; if, by the returns
of the officers who attempt to take the enumera-
tion, it appears they are incomplete, then it seems
to me that Congress is bound to correct the returns
by ascertaining, by the best evidence within its
reach, what is the true number of the population.
The returns from California are confessedly in-
complete. Let, then, the population of the State
be determined according to other evidence. If the
number so ascertained gives her two members,
she is entitled to them, and should have them.
South Carolina must abide the consequence, as
any other State must in the circumstances. On the
othe • hand, if there is no satisfactory evidence that
the numbers of California entitle her to two Repre-
sentatives, California should submit to the result
which the facts necessitate.
It is certainly not right to give to California two
Representatives absolutely, without evidence that
her population entitles her to two; and South Car-
olina six, because her population, if the claims
of California be disregarded, entitles her to six,
and still deny to Louisiana the Representative to
which she becomes entitled, the very moment that
the number of Representatives in the House of
Representatives is increased to two hundred and
thirty-four, the claims of California being disre-
garded, as in the case of South Carolina. The
honorable Senator from South Carolina says that
there is a contract between the Government and
California. Not so. When California was ad-
mitted into the Union, she was allowed two Rep-
resentatives. The evidence then before Congress
satisfied us that she was entitled to two Repre-
sentatives; but unless her actual numbers now
entitle her to two, she has no better claim to
be allowed two than New Hampshiie has to be
allowed her old number, or South Carolina her
old number. The act for the admission of Cali-
fornia apportioned to her a representation accord-
ing to her numbers, and according to the existing
ratio. According to that ratio, at that time, South
Carolina was entitled to seven members, and now
in no event can she have more than six. Califor-
nia was entitled to two, but now, if her numbers
do not entitle her to two, she cannot have two;
Congress is only bound to ascertain the numbers,
and give her a representation accordingly.
As the Senator from South Carolina called the
attention of the Senate to the language of the act
admitting California into the Union, I beg to do
the same thing, for the purpose of showing that
there is nothing in that intended to extend beyond
this time. She was entitled by that act to two
Representatives—until when ? "Until the repre-
' sentation in Congress shall be apportioned ac-
' cording to the actual enumeration of the inhabit-
' ants of the United States." That actual enumer-
ation of the inhabitants of the United States has
been taken; the apportionment contemplated by
the act is now to be made. That is the very
thing that is attempted in this bill. It is very true,
that, this enumeration is not complete, but it is
" actual." The provision of the act of admission
is couched in no unusual or unfamiliar language.
It has been adopted when other States were ad-
mitted, and there is no precedent m our history
which will warrant us in regarding this language
as a contract fixing the representation of the new
States beyond the period of the next apportion-
ment. That period, in the case of California, has
arrived. The rights of California, under that act,
are at an end. If we are bound to give California
two Representatives, it is not on any ground of
contract. We must give them to her, if at all,
because her numbers entitle her to them.
Now, I admit very cheerfully the claim set up
on behalf of California by her Senators. I think
it is clearly the duty of Congress to ascertain her
actual numbers. It is not their duty to receive re-
turns confessedly incorrect and incomplete, as
conclusive. California occupies a very different
position from that of Ohio;—for example, we think
that our returns are incorrect, and that our popu-
lation is much larger than is shown by the census;
statisticians, well-informed and intelligent, assure
us that the census returns, as to Ohio, are grossly
deficient. But these returns purport to be com-
plete. The returns from California do not purport
to be complete.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
informs us that statists are of opinion, very gen-
erally, that if census returns come within ten per
cent, of the actual population, they are very accu-
rate. It is not a case, then, where the returns are
simply incorrect, that would justify ti revision; or
where the returning officer professes to have done
his duty, and has come to results that are, appa-
rently, accurate. But, where the census agent for
the Sta*e, having the general control of all matters
appertaining to the enumeration, reports to Con-
gress, or the proper department, that the census
is defective and incomplete; where the sworn of-
ficer of the Government, advises us that the enu-
meration has not m fact been made, that there is
indeel no actual enumeration of the population of
a particular State, it surely becomes the duty of
Congress to ascertain, from the best evidence in
its power, the true number of inhabitants, and to
give a representation according to the true num-
bers. We cannot inquire in such a case, whether
justice to one State will operate to the disadvantage
of another State. The rule is established by law,
| and all that we have to do is to apply it under the
; guidance of the Constitution, making the appor-
tionment according to the numbers, and usm£ the
enumeration merely as a means of ascertaining
what the numbers are.
Mr. BADGER. It seems to me that thepresent-
! ation of the facts in this case in a few words would
be sufficient to show that South Carolina has a
right to the member that she now claims under
the fraction, and that Louisiana can have no claim
in consequence of the allowance of that member.
Now, sir, how comes the question here? The
act of 1850 directs that so soon as the enumera-
tion shall be completed, and the returns made, the
Secretary of the Interior shall proceed to ascer-
tain and apportion members to the different States,
and shall announce the result. But the act of 1850
does not specify any time within which these re-
turns shall be completed. If the returns had been
completed, and if the returns from California had
been returned into the office of the Secretary of
the Interior with the same apparent accuracy and
completeness as they have been received from
other States, then this subject, if I understand it—
and I think my friend from Missouri [Mr. Geyer]
concurs with me entirely—could not have come
before Congress at all; or if there had been a
time fixed by the act of 1850, at which it should
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to pro-
ceed to announce the apportionment according to
the act of 1850, then, notwithstanding this diffi-
culty in regard to the enumeration of the popula-
tion of California, this subject would not have
come here at all. But the returns of California
not being complete returns—and it should be un-
derstood that I am not now speaking of the accu-
racy, but of completeness—the Secretary sends us
word, 14 I cannot execute this law. Under this
Maw 1 am to wait until returns are made from all
' the States before I can proceed to make the ap-
£ portionment." Now, unless Congress should
interfere, and afford some legislative enactment
that will enable this apportionment to he declared,
the act of 1850 cannot he executed. That is the
' state of the case; and that being the state of the
case, the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maine is, that we should allow to California, upon
what is a reasonable and fair and just estimate of
her population, two members of Congress.
If we stop there, and make no further provis-
ion, the consequence would be that South Carolina
would lose the member which her largest fraction,
1 in the existing state of the returns, entitles her to
under the act of 1850. The largest fraction enti-
tles South Carolina to that member just as much,
