1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21.
in the good sense of Congress, and in the good
sense of the people who sent us hereto make such
appropriations as we ought to make, and no other.
I know that we plight go into a general scramble,
and make up a bill, as some, I believe, have
been madeup*in former days, for the very pur-
pose of dividing out the public funds. I would
deprecate such a course. It is not necessary, (j
The interests of the country do not demand it; It i,
should be repudiated by every honest legislator, '!
to whatever party he may belong. Such a policy !j
will find no favor with me. Sir, I believe upon j
this subject, as upon all other subjects within the :|
pale of the Constitution, that the Congress of (he 'j
United States have the purity, integrity, honesty, j
and firmness to meet questions of this character ;
upon principle, and to decide them upon their mer- , j
its. When the day comes, if it ever does, that the !
Congress of the United States cannot be trusted j
with the exercise of this p.ower, it will be a dark
day for our Republic. Suph an insinuation goes to j
impeach the moral honesty of the community; it j
impeaches the integrity and the patriotism ofthose ;!
who come up from every part of the country to j
legislate for this great people. It would be the ;
knell of our liberties if it were to be known and j
understood that this Congress, assembled here,,'
was so corrupt, so dishonest, so regardless of ';
constitutional duty, and so devoid of patriotism, 'j
that they could not decide questions of this char- j;
acter with honesty, and are not, therefore, to be
trusted with thorn. I am not one of those who j]
believe that there is not intelligence enough among j j
the people to understand these subjects, and to \\
appreciate our conduct as Representatives. And !j
although many gentlemen who agree with me :i
politically may differ with me upon this subject, ji
yet I never entertained a doubt that we had the ||
constitutional power and our bounden duty to
make snch appropriations of this character as the
wants of the commerce of the country demanded.
Sir, this bill is designed, and in the main does j
justice to all parts of the country. I respectfully j
submit that it should not meet with any serious :
opposition. That amendments may be offered I
have no doubt. Gentlemen will feel called upon
to offer them, and 1 hope they will receive ti '
proper consideration from the committee. But it 1
would be most unfortunate if, under the guise of!
perfecting this bill, a course of emendation should
be adopted upon it that would so load it down i
with matters foreign to the subject to which the
committee have limited their action, that it would ,
not receive the approval of those who desire to
give fair and reasonable protection*to this great
national interest.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman,
great valley, and the shipping interest of the At-
lantic States. I therefore call upon the Representa-
tives whose constituents are interested, to give
their support to the amendment that I propose
to the bill.
The other appropriation to which I allude is for
•the removal of the raft in Red river. In the report
of the Secretary of War, accompanying thePres-
ident's message, " the removal of the obstructions
' to the navigation of Red river is recommended as
i a means of reducing the expenses of supplying
' many of the posts in Texas and New Mexico."
The Secretary says, that "the amount that the
' Government would save by means of this improve-
' merit, in two or three yeurs, would defray the cost of
* the work.9' I shall endeavor to show that the
estimate is not only within bounds, but that the
General Government will be the gainer to a much
larger extent, in that respect, and also in other re-
spects.
I had the honor to introduce a bill at the com-
mencement of this session, providing for the re-
moval of this obstruction, which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs;and I understand
that a favorable re^brt has been ready to be made
for several months past—without any opportunity
to make it.
By a report of the Quartermaster General, now
before that committee, dated December 20, 1851,
; General Jcsup says:
I "The savin# to the Government which would be made
j by the removal of the raft [in Red river] may be estimated
; at about ij4f>,U00 annually, provided a leijunent of troops is
i to be maintained on the line of the frontier, [of Texas,] and
J in proportion."
| In another part of the report he says:
I " Bui if that liver should bp effectually cleared, so as to
| render its navigation certain during high stages of water,
| it is believed that at least two other of the present posts
: in Texas, now occupied by other troop?, could be more
I economically supplied than at present; added to which,
i it js but fair to presume that as the pocu on the new line be
i pushed forward toward the Rio Grande^ it will be found
; that that route will be cheaper and moie certain for supply-
ing the po.-str! in the vicinity of 141 l'a-=o, m New Mexico,
than the piesent route via Indunoia and Poit Leaven-
vvoith.'"
This estimate comes from a highly-meritorious
officer, whose position, experience, and intimate
knowledge of the country enable him to form
1 more correct estimates than any other living man.
| I had previously conversed with a highly-intelli-
. gent officer of the Army, who has been three
1 years stationed on the northern frontier of Texas,
i whose opinions coincided with those of General
i Jesup, and who pointed out other advantages.
! General Jesup based his estimate upon the pre-
' sumption that the freight to Preston, on Red river,
■ would be the same as now charged to Fort Smith,
' on the Arkansas river. I have the assurance, that
The whole of that immense raft was removed
under the efficient superintendence of Captain
Shreve in about five years. In 1838 the naviga-
tion of that river was opened for seven hundred
and fifty miles from the foot of the former raft.
A flight additional expenditure for two or three
years, judiciously applied, as recommended by
Uaptain Shreve, would have made the navigation
free forever. This is fully explained in his re-
port, made in March, 1839. Speaking of the neces-
sity of further appropriation and expenditure, he
there are two items of appropriation m this bi I to ; ;f th(J raft was removed lt would be raach low
be expended m Louisiana, of which i think it whid takell in connectlPn with the !wo other
my duty to say something, in order that the ob- • • ts mentioned !)y aeueral Jes„p, would increase
jectsi may be well understood by Die committee. ihPsnvi„gto about $75,000per annum; this would
The first is the appropriation for opening a ship-1' be Btil| fl;nher illcrepnse'd jf tsllpp!ies t0 Ncw Mex.
channel througn the most convenient passi leading \ ;„0 were traasported through that channel. The
from the Mississippi river into theGulf of Mexico. rf)ad is weUknJ,wn to be farBSUDerlor to any other.
I give notice that, ot the proper time, I shall ofter ,, C tain M in his report bf that route, (F.x.
an amendment to increase the appropriation from ;j p0' 31gt c lst gpn.u x„ c4 } ^
^75,000 to $150,000. This is, ps [ contend, to all
intents and purposes, a national work. The Mis-
sissippi is (he jiatur.'l outlet for ten Suites of this
Union, nnd parts of f\e other Sfnfpx. The popu-
lation of tlie valley of the A^issi^sipni in 1850, ex-
cludilfc Viririma and Pennsylvania, amounted to
near ten milLon-v. adding the portions of those .
two States in th?t valley, the population exceeded ■
ten millions. Besides this, the whole shipping j
interest of the Atlantic States may be taken into ;
the account, so that nearly or quite half the ponu- '
lation of this Union may be said to have a direct
interest in this work. The exports through that'
channel to foreign countries, for the year ending
.Tune 30, 1851, amounted to $54,000,500, and the
exports, coast-wise, may safely be put down a* a
like amount.
Louisiana, the outlet of that great valley, is the
.second State in the TTnion for exports of domestic
productions, and the fourth in point of imports 1
from forpi^n countries. The annual loss occa-
sioned by detention and injuries to vessels by
reason of the obstructions proposed to be removed, ;
is estimated by the Chamber of Commerce of New '
Orleans at $500,000, and the increased price in the 1
freight and insurance is estimated at Jive million !
six hundred thousand dollars. This immense loss i.
falls almost entirely upon the producers of that !|
Wc found a sinoom road, over a gently undulating
eonnri) of praine anrl hrrfljer, and nbouruiing'with numer-
ous Hoar branches.■" * * kt Our rood i? as
jinn and Mnooth as a turnpike, with no streams of any
liia^mmde ot oliu'i obftniclion^, t!uou<i]i th  entire d:^-
taitee." * *< I conceive tin? to he decidedly ti*o
overland \vi- on route to California for several reasons,
[t can be liaveled at any time," &c., &c. * A
u It would form a directlinc of communication with OookV
10ad from the United Stale-, to the Pacific, >hoitei bj
liundred miles tliau any other."—pp. 224 and 90.">
*'k The remains green during the entire winter, and
the ehmate if salubrious and healthy; xt po$$es*e-> all the
requisites that can be dcbiic-l for a fine uzi'icuUur^houii'
I know thrit while that river wns partially clear
of obstructions in 1839, fi quantity of bullion wns
hrouirht from Sow Mexico through that channel
to New Orleans.
I have said that the Government will be the
gainer in otiier respects. In order to explain this,
it will be necessary to give a short history of the
original work. The appropriations from year to
year, from 1828 to 1838, inclusive, amounted to
something about 8326,000. The raft then extended
about one hundred and sixty miles from its pres-
ent location downwards, the greater portion of
which had doubtless been there more than half a
century. A portion of this appropriation was ex-
pended in making examinations and surreys.
" The advantages to be derived from that operation are
various and important m their character."
" 1. The water flowing out through the bayous, on the
southwest, &e., falts into the river through two outlets at
Shreveport, which backs up the river above for fiftepn
miles, diminishes the current so much that it has not suffi-
cient power 10 open the original bed.
"9. The bayouson the northeast require stopping also."
Speaking of the commencement of the work by
him in 1833, he says:
" At that time there was no settlement on the river from
forty miles below the raft to Fort Towson, except a few at
the Caddo Agency, and a few in Arkansas and Texas,
from the foot of the original raft to Fort Towson, seven
hundred and fifty miles by the meanders of the river."
His estimate then was $85,000, to make it
effectual. About the time that this Herculean
work was completed, a treaty was made with the
Caddo Indians, whei resided west of the river
along the raft to remove them; and a land office
was established at Natchitoches, with a land dis-
trict embracing the land on both sides of the river,
the greater part of which was previously entirely
shut out by that obstruction.
The first sales of land in 1838 in that district
amounted to $411,870. (See Ex. Doc. No. 38,
H. R., 26th Cong., 2d sess.) The year following
the sales were $79,527. (Ex. Doc. No. 24, H. R.,
27th Cong., 2d sess.) The sales since then to the
second quarter of the year 1849 were in all about
§742,497; and there remained about three million
acres to be disposed of.
The sales of land in the Washington district,
Arkansas, similarly situated, to 1847, inclusive,
amounted to $630,855. (Ex. Doc. No. 12, H. R.,
30th Cong., 2d sess.) And there remained in that
district in 1834, 420,989 acres that had been in
market twenty-five years, so that the sales of the
public lands brought into market by this gigantic
improvement amounted to $1,373,352—four times
its original cost.
In 1841, the raft had again formed to a limited
extent, and another appropriation of $75,000 was
made; but from some cause the work was aban-
doned before any good result was obtained.
I have shown by official documents that the
Greneral Government has been the gainer by the
original removal of that obstruction, and I feel
satisfied that a like result will be obtained by its
removal at the present time, exclusive of the im-
mense advantages in military operations, in the in-
creased celerity and certainty in the transportation
of troops and their supplies—ail object of great
importance—and facility of communicating with
New Mexico.
This improvement will contribute to the defense
of the country, too, in another and much more
pleasing, efficient, and cheap manner, by facilita-
ting and inviting the settlement of the northern
frontier of Texas by that extraordinary cl .sa of
men of the West and Southwest known as back-
woods and frontiermen. I will venture to assert,
without fear of contradiction, that a more patriotic
and efficient set of men cannot he found in any
country. Give them a foothold, and fairly organ-
ized and acquainted with each other, you may
then dispense with your standing army along that
frontier; they have no superiors in Indian war-
fare: they can out hunt and out shoot any Indian,
and can trail quite equal to any Indian. I have
lived many long years among" them, and know
them well.
According to the principles laid down by the
late John C. Calhoun in his Memphis speech, and
speeches on the Cumberland-dam question, this
improvement may fairly be classed as a national
work. 1 am not the advocate of any indiscrim-
inate system of internal improvement by the Gen-
eral Government; but I hold, with the late Mr.
Calhoun, a strict constructionist, that there are
works that of necessity are national, " and that if
' you set lip too narrow a construction, and do not
' give the power originally intended, there is great
' danger that there will be no limitation upon it
