96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15.
I think such an allusion as he made was entirely
unnecessary.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I will not now
ask the gentleman to allow me to explain, because
1 have interrupted him so often. Yet, if it would
make no difference to him, I would go on now to
explain the attitude of the State of Mississippi.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman is at liberty to
proceed.
Mr. FOOTE.* I shall explain more fully here-
after. I wish now simply to protest against what
the gentleman has said m regard to the course and
attitude of the State of Mississippi. It is true I
signed the Southern Address; and I now approve
every word contained therein. It is true, I did
forward a letter from Mr. Calhoun to my own
State which proposed the holding of the Nashville
Convention, and which marked out to some extent
the then expected modus operandi of that body. It
is true, also, as 1 have heretofore asserted, that not
one single word is contained in that Southern Ad-
dress or in Mr. Calhoun's lette? which recom-
mends secession, or intimates that there should be
any amendment to the Constitution. The State
of Mississippi was willing to meet, in a proper
manner and a truly patriotic spirit, the citizens of
the rest of the slaveholding States of this Union in
the Nashville Convention, for the purpose of fra-
ternal consultation, in regard to the means most
proper to be adopted for guarding against certain
dangers with which we were then menaced—one
of which was the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; another of which was the at-
tempt to impose the Wilmot proviso. I will not
reiterate all the measures with which we had been
then menaced for some years, and to which the
Southern Address, in the most solemn manner,
called the attention of the South; to guard against
which the State of Mississippi, under advice re-
ceived from South Carolina through me, in the
manner I have described, was willing* to send del-
egates to a Southern Convention. I will add,
though, that it was doubtless oneof our objects in
this movement, to secure our long-withheld right
to an efficient congressional enactment providing
for the recapture and restoration of fugitives from
service. But I reiterate, that we did not commit
ourselves to secession, nor did we insist on amend-
ing the Federal Constitution.
1 will say further to the honorable gentleman,
that the State of Mississippi, as she was justified
in doing, came to the conclusion, gravely and de-
liberately—and I believe all dispassionate men will
admit that she acted wisely in coming to that con-
clusion—that .the plan of compromise effectually
guarded against every single danger with which
the South had been antecedently menaced, and
secured to her the fugitive slave law, to which she
was entitled by the Constitution, in addition, to-
gether with certain other incidental advantages,
some of which I endeavored to point out the
other day. Now if, in the opinion of the State
of Mississippi, the compromise has operated
in a manner so comprehensively beneficial, how
can it be contended that the State of South Caro-
lina, when she undertook, without just reason, to
manifest dissatisfaction with the acts of adjustment,
and-proposed a Southern Congress for the purpose
of arraying the Southern States against them, was
led into that attitude by the State of Mississippi?
I have heard that said before, and I have denied
„ it. Had the wise monitions of the parent Con-
vention of Mississippi been adopted by the Nash-
ville Convention, the South would have had no
further trouble. I believe this advice would have
been adopted and acted upon, but for certain in-
triguing politicians, who attempted, in my opinion,
in bad faith—of which I shall give the proofs here-
after—to wield the machinery of the National Con-
vention, gotten up for very different purposes, for
the overthrow of the Union; a very ingenious plan
having been adopted, under the advice of certain
persons who have openly avowed themselves sub-
sequently to have been secret disunionists in heart
and design at that time, in demanding terms of
settlement so extravagant and unreasonable as to
make all hope of their ultimate adoption utterly
absurd.
One of the leaders of South Carolina, a gentle-
man who is reputed to be the author of the Nash-
ville Address, declared, as I well recollect, in a
speech delivered in Charleston, immediately after
his return from the Nashville Convention, that he
had entertained no expectation when the celebrated
demand of 36° 30' was made on the part of the
Convention, that it would be acceded to; but that
he, for many years past,'had been tired of the
Union and anxious to break it up, and expected,
through the agency of the Nashville Convention,
and by demanding terms of adjustment which
would not be acceded to by Congress and the
Northern States, to accomplish his long-cherished
objeet. This noted avowal, I say, was made in
Charleston after the session of the Convention had
drawn to a close; but that gentleman cannot deny
that he" had been quite particular in not declaring
such views and objects in the Nashville Conven-
tion. All will perceive from this statement that
the honorable Senator [Mr. Butler] has entirely
misunderstood the true position of the State .of
Mississippi, and I hope not hereafter to hear her
accused of being instigated by any portion of the
extravagant movements of certain factionists in
South Carolina.
Mr. BUTLER. I have only said that South
Carolina, to some extent, shaped her course accord-
ing to the plan marked out by the State of Missis-
sippi. The Senator has made allusious which
cannot be mistaken. I must, therefore, in justice
to my colleague, yield the floor, to allow him an
opportunity of speaking, although there is much
more which I would have said, but for the frequent
interruptions with which the course of my remarks
has been broken in upon, and the allusions to my
colleague which it is but justice he should have an
opportunity to notice.
Mr. RHETT next addressed the Senate until
pasttheusual hour of adjournment, when, without
finishing, he yielded the floor, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 15,1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock.
The Journal ofTJhursday was read and approved.
Mr. Stratton was appointed by the Speaker to
fill the vacancy in the Committee of Elections, in
the place of Mr, Disney, who was excused from
service on said committee.
Mr. Cullom, of Tennessee, and Mr. Brown,
of Mississippi, appeared, were qualified by taking
the usual oath to support the Constitution, and
took their seats.
LOUIS KOSSUTH.
A message was received from the Senate, an-
nouncing the passage by that body of " A joint
resolution of welcome to Louis Kossuth."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a resolution
calling upon the President for information.
Mr. ROBINSON. Is it in order now, Mr.
Speaker, to move a suspension of the rules, to
consider the resolution from the Senate?
The SPEAKER.
ginia has the floor.
Mr. BAYLY. I will say to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,] that I have no intention
of being in the way of the resolution concerning
Kossuth. My resolution is simply one asking
important information from the President; and to
which I presume there will be no objection.
IMPRISONMENT OF ME. THRASHER.
There being no objection, the resolution vras
reported to the House, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, so far as in his judgment may be compatible with the
public interest, to communicate to the House any informa-
tion in possession of the Executive respecting the impris-
onment, trial, and sentence of John S. Thrasher, in the
Island of Cuba, and to his right to claim the protection
of the Government, as a native-born citizen of the United
States.
The question was then put, and the resolution
was adopted.
WELCOME TO LOUIS KOSSUTH.
Mr. ROBINSON, I now move a suspension
of the rules, for the purpose of taking up the reso-
lution of welcome to Kossuth, I shall also ask
that it be put upon its passage.
The question was then taken, and the rules
were suspended.
The resolution was then read the first and sec-
ond times by its title.
Mr. ROBINSON. I now move that the reso-
lution be put upon its passage; and upon that
motion I ask the previous question.
Cries of " Read the resolution."
The resolution was read, as follows:
^ A Joint Resolution of welcome to Louis Kossuth.
Resolved, That Congress, in the name and behalf of the
people of the United States, give to Louis Kossuth a cor-
dial welcome to the capital and the country; and that a copy
of this resolution be transmitted to him by the President of
the United States, ^
The question now being upon ordering the res-
olution to a third reading,
Mr. ROBINSON called for the previous ques-
tion.
Cries of " That's right!" "Let's have the pre-
vious question!"
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered; and being put, was
carried in the affirmative.
The resolution was then read a third time.
The question now being, " Shall the resolution
pass?"
Mr. RICHARDSON moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and the main qustion
was ordered to be put.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, asked the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution; which were
ordered; and being taken, were—yeas 181, nays
1G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Charles Allen, Willis Allen,
Allison, Andrews, John Appleton, William Appleton, Bab-
cock, Bartlett, Ban ere, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly,
Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bocock, Bownc, John II.
Boyd, Breckenridge, Brenton, Brings, Brooks, Bucll, Bur-
rows, Busby, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, Thomp-
son Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chandler, Chapman, Ohas-
tain, Clark, Cleveland, Clingman, Cobb, Conger, Cullom,
Curtis, Daniel, Geo. T. Davis, J. G. Davis, Dawson, Dim-
nnck, Disney, Doekuiy, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Eastman,
Edmundson, Edgerton, Evans, Faulkner, Fieklin, Fitch,
Floience, Fowler, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gentry, Giddings, Goodeuow,
Gorman, Grey, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Harper,
Sampson W. Hams, Hart, Haws, Hascall, Haven,Hebard,
Hendricks, Henn, Hibbaid, Hillyer, Horsford, Houston,
Howard, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Tn-
gersoll, Ives, Jackson, John Johnson, Dame! T. Jones, J.
Glaney Jones, Geo. G. King, Preston King, Kuhns, Kurtz,
Landiy, Letcher,Lockhart, Mace, Mann, Edward C. Mar-
shall, ilumphiey Marshall, MeCorkle, McDonald, McLana-
han, McMtillin, McNair, McQueen, Meacham, Meade,
Miller, Mirier, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Mor-
rison, Murphy, Muuay, Nabers, Newton, Olds, Outlaw,
Andrew Parker. Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Pen-
niman, Perkins, Phelps, Porter, Price, Rantoul, Richard-
son, Robbins, Robie, Robinson, Ross, Sackett, Schermer-
hom, Schoonmakei, Scudder. David L. Seymour, Origen
S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Smith, Snow, Benjamin Stan-
ton, FiederickP. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abr'm P.
Stevens, Stone, St. Maitin, Strother, Stuart, Sutheiland,
Sweetser, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Geo. W. Thomp-
son, Thurston,Townshend,Tuck, Wallace, Walsh, Ward,
Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addison White, Alex-
ander White, Wilcox, Wildrick, and Yates—181.
NAYS—Messrs. Abererombie, Averett. Bragg, Albert G.
Brown, Caldwell, Isham G. Harris, Holladay, James John-
son, Geojuc W. Jones. Mai tin, Morehead, Savage, Scurry,
Alexandei II. Stephens, Williams, and Woodward—i6.
So the resolution passed.
Mr. McMULLIN, when his name was called,
said he should vote for the resolution, though
with great reluctance. [Great laughter.]
Mr. ROBINSON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay that motion on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the title of
the resolution; and it was agreed to.
Sir. SMITH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of privilege.
Mr. SMITH. 1 rose for the same purpose. I
move to reconsider the vote just taken, by which
the title of the resolution was adopted, and 1 ask
if upon that motion 1 cannot submit a few remarks
on the merits of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER, Debate upon that question
must be confined to the merits of the title of the
resolution, and the reasons for its reconsideration.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to inquire whether there was a
division upon the question of adopting the title?
If there was no division, then I have no question
to make.
The SPEAKER. There was no division.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I have no ques-
tion to make.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the Clerk to read the title
of the resolution and the resolution.
Mr. CARTTER, I object to the reading of the
resolution. That is not now under consideration.
The SPEAKER, It is competent for the House
to order the reading of the resolution. The ques-
tion, therefore, is, Shall the resolution be read?
