98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 15,
take an appeal from tlie
after the House has sustained the previous ques-
tion, and when the resolution is _ not before the
House, for any member to discuss it in this stage ot
proceeding. The resolution was put to the House,
and a lar^e majority of us voted for its adoption.
I ask, therefore, if it is m order for the gentleman
from Alabama, under the privilege granted him to
make a personal explanation, to speak against the
resolution when 110 one of its friends can be per-
mitted to defend it>
The SPEAKER. The House, by a vote, have
given the gentleman from Alabama leave to make
a personal explanation. It has been the custom of
the House, where such leave has, been granted, to
allow the largest latitude for debate; and in
accordance with that usage, the Chair does not
feel at liberty to interrupt the gentleman in his
remarks; because it is not in his power to antici-
pate the application which the member from Ala-
bama might make of the course of remarks he is
now pursuing.
Mr. CARTTER.
decision of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay that
appeal on the table.
The question was then put upon the motion to
lay upon the table, and a division being had, 103
rose m the affirmative.
Mr. STUART demanded the yeas and nays;
■which were ordered.
Mr. FOWLER. I beg the Chair to inform the
House of (he stale of the question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cart-tee] takes an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, that the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Smith] was not wandering beyond the limits
prescribed by the House, in granting him leave to
make a personal explanation. The gentleman
■from Tennessee [l\1r. J o\'r:s j moves to lay that j
appeal upon the table; and upon that motion the j
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. JON^S. I withdraw the motion to lav the
appeal upon the table. I understand an appeal is
debatable, and 1 desire to make two or three
remarks upon it.
Cries of " iVo! No !"
Mr. STTTAUT. I rise to a question of order.
I submit this point. After the yeas and nays
have been ordered upon a motion, I submit that
the mover has no right to withdraw it.
-The SPEAKER overruled the question of
order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. I submit to the Chair, that when an appeal
is taken from the decision of the Chair, according
to our rules, that appeal must be decided by the
House without dflwie.
Mr. JON K>S. Where do you get that rule?
Mr. UICUAitDSON. It is one of the rules of
the House.
The SJMvYTCER. The Clm-r overrules this
point of order also. The gentleman irom len-
liessee [Mr. Joni-.i] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES. I merely wish to make a state-
ment of the case, as I understand it, in older that
the House in overruling the Chair, may not violate
the rules of the House—because there may be a
spirit here in favor of Kossuth to override all rules,
and perhaps ail discussion. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Smith) asked leave to make an
explanation. Jt was objected to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (interrupting.)
I call the gentleman from Tennessee to order. 1
ask that the .'!5th rule be read.
It was then read by the Clerk, as follows:
"If any ncmber,la or otherwise, tian^ciess the
rule- of tie" Hou^c. tl.o Speaker hhall, or aaj mr-mlu-i ina\,
cull to order; m w'aa li eu-e ttie niemiict mi called m unlri
shall immediately Ml flown, mile*-; penrntted to evpiaia ;
and the llou^e it appealed to, decide on the e.u-e, but
without debate : u'tliere'lie 110 appeal, the dciMon ot the
Chair MuiH be submitted to. If the decision bei-i invoi of
the member called to order, he shall be at ltbeity to pro-
ceed ; if oihprn ise, he ahull not be permitted to proceed^ in
rate tiny member object, without leave of the liouse; ami
if the cuse 1 eijtiire it, he shiill be liable to the censtti e of tue
House."
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. That rule was
suspended with the other, m order to permit the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Smith] to make
• his speech, The gentleman has been abused by
tlie newspapers throughout the country, and it is
right that he should have an opportunity of de-
fending his course, [criesof " Order 1" " order!"]
I repeat that the rule has been suspended. [Re-
newed cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion,
notwithstanding the rules have been suspended
for a particular purpose, that the gentleman from
Alabama is subjected to the rules of the House in
the course of tlie remarks which he may make,
and that m any question arising on an appeal m
this particular case, debate is not in order. The
gentleman from Tennessee has withdrawn the mo-
tion to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. JONES. I renew the motion to lay the
anpeai upon the table..
* Mr. CARTTER called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay upon the table; and they
were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the appeal upon the table; and there were
yeas 122, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Allison. William
Appletoa, Averott, B.'urere, David J. Bailey, Thonns H.
Ilayly, Boll, llibighaus, Bi^seli, Boeock, Bowne, Biagg,
iiieakenridge, Brcnton, Brooks, Knell, Burrows, Busby,
E. ('arniu;ion Cabell, Caldwell, Thompson ^ Campbell,
Caakse, Ciia-tain, Olaik, Cullom, Curti«, Daniel, George
T. Davife, John G. ilavi*, Dawson, Disney, Doekery, Dun-
ham, ilurkcc, Ejliftindaoii, Enans, Ewinsr, Fickiin, Fitch,
Florence, Fuwlei (Jainble, Ouylout, (ientry, <Jiddiiig-i,
Cioodenow. (iorinan, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, It-ham
G. Hani?, Sampson W. Han is, Haw*, ilat'call, Haven,
Hebard, Hendricks, Henn, Hillyer, Hitladay, Horoford,
Houston, Howard, John W. Ilowe, Thomas M. Howe,
Jackson, Andiew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, George \Y. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kuhns, Kmtz, Landry, LocMiart, Mann, Martin, Mc-
Corkle, MeMnllm, McQueen, MiOson, Miner, Henry D.
Moore, John Moore, Morrison, Nabeis, GUIs, Samuel W.
Paiker, Peitslee, Penmman, Phelps, llautoul, llicluudson,
llobbbi*, Kobs, Savaee, Schermerhom, Scudder, Scurry,
David L. Seymour, Oricen tf.* Seymour, Smart, Smith,
Frederick P. Stanton, Alexander 11. Stephens, Sutherland,
Tavior, Benjamin Thompson, Gcoige W. Thompson,
Walbnd'je, Wallace, Walsh, Watkiris, Welch, Addison
White, Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams, Woodward,
and Yates—1'^.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willi* Allen, Andrews,
John Appleton, Babcock, liaitlett, John TI. Bovd, Briggs,
Jo.eph Cable, Lewis 1). Campbell, Caitter, Chapman,
Cleveland, Chnym.m, Cobb, Conger, Di.nmick, Dol>,
I'Jdiiorton, faulkner, Ployd, Freeman, Grow, Halt, Hib-
bard, Jnaenoll, Pieston Kmg, Letcher, Humphrey Mar
shall, McDonald, MeNair, Meade, Molnny, Morehe.id,
Miutaw Newton, Andrew Patker, Penn, I'cikm-;, Polk,
Price. Kobie, Kobnifon, Sackett, Sehoonmaker, Skelton,
ISeniamiu Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham l\ Ste-
vens, St. M.unn, Strolboi, Stuait, Sweeper, Thurston,
Towii.-'hend, Washburn, Wells, and \\ lUhick—58.
So the appeal was laid upon tlie table.
Mr. QOBB, on his name being called upon the
above vote, saidt Duty and inciination come in
conlli«'t. I should hke to vote but my duty
compels me to vote " No;" and I therefore do it.
Mr. SMITH then resumed his remarks, and
I said: To relieve the gentleman who hns inter-
i rupied me so frequently, I will make this remark,
thritit is. impossible for me to submit the explana-
1 tion which 1 design, without vindicating the reso-
j lutions which I ollered the other day, and [ can-
[ not vindicate tliose resolutions without going into
! the merits of the controversy. I should, however,
i have been neaily through by this time, and I trust
I that I shnll not beniet by any further interruption.
The late of the unfortunate fifty who fell in
Cuba, whose melancholy end is fresh m the rec-
ollection of us all, ought of itself to be sufficient
to make the American people and the American
Congress pause and make the solemn inquiry
whether or not they are ready so soon to invite,
to foster, to encourage, and to feast another for-
eigner—another perturbed, restless political revo-
lutionist ?
It is impossible for any one to look this ques-
tion calmly in the face, without being compelled to
see the close similarity between the Lopez expedi-
tion and any expedition which could be fitted out
m this country m favor of Hungary. We cannot
yet assign to Lopez his proper position; I trust
that posterity wili find in him all the elements of
a martyr and of a hero. All we know of him is,
that he beguiled the young of the country, and
that he deceived the old of the country—not pub-
licly, not by eloquence, hut hy dinner-table con-
version, private understandings, loans and Cu-
ban-bondisms.
Now, sir, this illustrious exile cannot consider
that I bring htm into contempt, by mentioning his
name with that of Lopez. I do not doit with any
such intention. I believe that Lopez may find a
lofty place in the estimation of posterity. I refer
to him merely for the purpose of showing the dan-
gerous influence that this man may exercise in
our country at this moment. Every American
knows the excitability of the American disposi-
tion. At this particular time, so soon after the dis-
banding of our armies, when the country is so full
of those young men who have tasted of war—
whose swords have been whetted,whoseambition
now has no outlet, no escape; who have no hope
except in arms—-at this particular time, the excit-
ing speeches of this exile may have upon the
country & most disastrous and unfortunate effect.
It was to avert these evils that I desired to call the
attention of the public officers of the country to
him and to his position.
Now let us examine the merits of Kossuth's
mission to this country. He told us in his Eng-
lish speeches thai his object in coming to the Uni-
ted States was to endeavor to unite England and
America in behalf of his country, and to induce us
to abandon our old national non-interventionalism,
and to adopt an " armed mm-intervention," as he
is pleased to term it. lie told us that this was
his object. I have his speeches before me, in
which'he says that one of the objects of his mis-
sion to this country is to perfect a union between
! England and America, and to introduce into our
' policy a new code of national non-intervention.
Here is what he says: •
" I suppose it is known now that the policy of England
and of the United State* can unite; and when they are uni-
ted, I myself hope that without wars th&interests of man-
kind bv that means will be secured. * * ^ *
When I to the United States, I will consider it to be one
of my duties to try if there cannot be an humble opportuni-
ty for this union, as i was an humble opportunity for the
promulgation of the solidarity sentiment of nations for the
principles of liberty."
In that same speech what did he say as to our
policy of non-intervention—as to Washington's
policy of non-intervention? Why he compliments
the Father of his Country for promulgating what
he is pleased to *term, m his unique phraseology,
" the letter-marque of despotism." Washington's
policy of non-intervention is, in the idea of Kos-
suth, "the letter-marque of despotism!" Hear
what he says:
"That is the piinciple—the sovereign riglit of eveiyna-
tion to dispose ot itself. Put this is not the non-interven-
tion which would be defined by these words: ' I do notcaro
whatever he the fate of humanity, whatever the disposal of
the woild may do with Emope or with its hbeity, because
my principle is non-intervention.' That, I say.is not non-
mteivention; it is the letter-of-inarque to despotism; it
would be an a^suiauce to society to carry with certainty
the victoiy to doponsm."
Now, sir, when Kossuth arrived in New York
he was met there by a Doctor somebody—Hob-
goblin, or a name of a similar character—who
gave him the following assurances:
"Foi my pait, and I a-k no one to be responsible for
what I say, although I honestly believe that 1 speak the
sentiments ot tlie aieatmassof iny fellow-countrymen, and
opecially the centunents of t.ftvse three and n half millions
of stain-arty ahle-bo>!ied yuun% men of America vhom our
laws have desi^nate-l for military purposes— I behove I
speak the sentiments of this <jieat nj,i s of intelligent citi-
zen-Mildici:-, who arc not merely household tioopa, Mr, but
who have roecntly had an opportunity of demonstrating
before the wnihl what use they can make of anns m the
enemv's oonntiy—f speak tneir sentiments, sir, when I say
that the s,re-j.t Kossuth dveh me of ar^ned non-intervention
it the doctrine and sentiments of Jimcrica—non-interven-
tion Jor wi—non-intervention for all."
What does Kossuth say in reply to this?, Why,
he says:
" The reception I have ahead}' experienced relieves me
from much anxiety. It the doctrine of non intervention is
understood, as vou state, then the ^cnoronf and efficient aid
of the Umted States to m> country's suffering independence
is penned."
I Let us pause a moment at this period. We" see
I that Kossuth stated m England that the object of
! his mission to tins country was to en'deavor to
j unite England and America upon a new prmci-
I pie of non-intervention. When he arrived here he
| was told that thiee millions of armed young; men
I were prepared to aid him; that " armed non-inter-
' vention" was the doctrine of America; and he
then said that the great object of his mission waa
more than half accomplished.
1 propose now to refer to some of the speeches
which he made previous to the offering of my
resolution. I propose to show that they contained
phrases which authorized the resolutions. Recol-
lect that it has been our policy from the very
foundation of the Government to stay at hoiru? and
to attend lo our own xoars—to our own business—
and to let the other nations of the earth do like-
wise. Recollect, too, that we have adopted a
statute which makes it almost treasonable for any
man to aid in setting on foot any expedition
against any country with which w© ars fi.t pes.ee.
