1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
should be made known very speedily; because, if
we do not; if we permit this matter to lie over, it
will be doing, not an injustice to one State alone,
bi^t to half a dozen States or more, whose repre-
sentation will be increased by the new apportion-
ment. We cannot, therefore, postpone it or put
it off. We cannot delay it, or avoid it at this
tirpe without doing still greater injustice to other
States. I therefore take it for granted, that it is
out of the question that this matter can be delayed.
We have put it off already to the last moment,
and it is now necessary to decide it, and to decide
speedily.
I think one radical error has run through the
whole of the arguments advanced on this subject
by those who advocate this amendment. The
foundation of all their arguments is based upon
one position, which, i think, is an error: that is,
that there are no returns from California. That,
I think, is a very great mistake. The honorable
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Riiett] yes-
terday, when proposing his proviso, in the re-
marks which he made, concurred in the views of
the majority of the committee, that we could not
go into estimates in a matter of this kind—that
the Constitution did not authorize it. But he
placed the amendment on a different ground,
■which I think entirely untenable, namely, that
although, according to the enumeration, Califoi ma
was not entitled to two members, yet, by a pro-
vision of the act admitting her into the Union, as
she was entitled to two Representatives until the
enumeration took place, therefore she is entitled
to two now. F cannot so understand it. The lan-
guage of the act of admission is very similar—I
believe is in the identical words of the Constitu-
tion—that until the enumeration shall take place,
this representation shall stand. It is exactly the
language used in the admission of all the States,
and in the Constitution—until the first enumeration
should be made. What does it mean then3 It
means only that she shall be entitled to this repre-
sentation until the usual time of taking the cen-
sus—nothing more. I put it to Senators to say
if a single Senator, who voted for that measure,
supposed that it ever contemplated, or can be con-
strued to mean, anything more than to give Cali-
fornia that representation until the next enumera-
tion should take place.
There is no implied pledge, then, no binding ob-
ligation on the part of the United States Govern-
ment to continue to California her two members,
more than there is to continue to Maine or to Mas-
sachusetts, or any other State, its old number.
As was well observed, yesterday, it is no vested
right. The Constitution provides that a new enu-
meration shall take place every ten years, and a
new apportionment be made on the ground of
such enumeration, to continue for ten yeais. The
time fixed for the last apportionment, is about to
• expire; and at the end of that time, no State has
any right to claim the same number of represent-
ation, unless entitled to it by the enumeration; on
the contrary, if she should continue to hold on to
it when other States are entitled to it, it would be
doing great injustice to them.
But I wish to advert to some facts, to show that
the position assumed that there are no returns here,
is a great and fundamental error; and that all the
arguments in favor of this amendment, being
based on that, if it is found untenable, fall to the
ground. Let us look at the official data, nnd see
what returns have been made. I will state, that
this matter is materially different now, according
to the record, from what it was when the Secre-
tary of the Interior made his report to the Presi-
dent. Then he eould say, with srreat propriety,
that the returns were defective, and that there was
a number of counties from which he had no re-
turns. He was perfectly correct; but in stating
that, at that time, he had no secondary evidence
by which he could arrive at the population of the
counties which were wanting. That was very
true at the time the report was sent in. Now, the
state of the facts is very different. The very in-
formation of which the Secretary was in want,
and the want of which precluded him from making
the apportionment, we have on our tables; and
the principal cause which led the Executive to call
upon Congress to act on this subject is removed.
This information was not m the hands of the Sec-
retary at the time, and, therefore, was not taken
in view. So clear is it, that I am strongly of the
impression, that if the facts which 1 shall now
} state to the Senate had been present to the mind of
[ the Secretary and of the President, that message
: would not have been sent in, but the apportion-
, ment would have been made.
„Mr. GWIN. I would state to the Senator, that
this very testimony which was before the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary was before the Secretary, but
he did not consider himself authorized to receive
these returns.
Mr. DOWNS. They were not before the Sec-
retary, because the language of the report shows
they were not. He said that no returns had been
received for those which had been burnt up. I
will read an extract from his report presently. He
goes on the ground that, except for nineteen coun- .
ties which he names, there are no official returns: ••
and he says expiessly, that for all the counties i
except those nineteen, there are no returns at all, j
because the tables were burnt up in San Francisco, i
Now, whether the Secretary did or did not know |
—and I presume he did not, because he did not J
mention it—it was known to the committee, and '
they have so reported, that previous to the fire,
the returns of those counties which were missing
had been made to the Secretary of State of Califor-
nia, and therefore the want could be supplied, and
supplied, not by evidence secondary in its char-
acter, but by evidence provided for m the act of
1850; for it is there provided that the census offi-
cers shall make one return to the Secretary of the
Interior, and another to the Secretary of State of
the State. Now, it cannot be denied, that had the
return which was made to the Secietary of State
of California, been made to the Secretary of the
! Interior, it would have been regular and official.
I Well, the same act which authorized the one, au-
I thorized the other. The one is a duplicate of the
i other; and yet you are told that the return made
! to the Secretary of State of California v/as no re-
: turn at all! Clearly that is an error, and the
I returns for the countics of San Francisco, Contra
f Costa, and Santa Clara, are shown by the return
made to the Secretary of State of California, and
aie entitled to just as much weight as those which
were made to the Secretary of the Inteiior. But
as i wish to make this point very clear, I will refer
j to a portion of the report of the Secretaiy of the
| Interior. It is in the report of the committee:
| " Full returnslmvebeen leceivcd from the agents engaged
j in taking the census m all the States except California.
! Complete returns have been received from nineteen couu-
! tics of that State."
j Thatis a pretty good fraction to begin with. It
i is a pretty hard thing to say, when the Secretary
I says that " complete returns have been received
| from nineteen counties," that there are no returns
, at all. But that is not all; he proceeds:
! " Compk-te returns have been received from nineteen
! counties m that State, and paitia! returns ftoin five others,
' vi/,. liuue, Sacramento, San Joaquin, Tnmty, and Tuo-
lumne. From thv remaining four counties, viz : Klamath,
I Santa Clara, Contra Uo-^ta, and Sari Fnuici-ico, no returns
j whatever have been icceived. Information haa been com-
j ummcatod to the Depaitment to the etlect that the census
1 ol the^e counties was duly taken, hut that the schedules
, weie destroyed by one of the conflagrations which laid a
I ure.it part of the city of San Fi-iuci-co ni allies.. No copies
j ot the^e schedule^ were piesoved. and there is now no
1 legal means of supplying the loss occasioned by the destruc-
j tion."
j Evidently, then, the Secretary was totally una-
, ware that these returns were made to the Secretary
of State of California; otherwise he would have
j known that there was a means at his command to
; supply the deficiency.
Air. GWIN. Even with that, only twenty-
! three counties are accounted for, while there are j
j twenty-seven in the State. j
' Mr. DOWNS. T shall account for them. If j
the gentleman will wait until 1 get through, he j
! will probably find that I shall account for more !
than he thinks of; I have only commenced, and -
i have not got through yet.
That is the statement made by the Secretary of i
| the Interior in his report. Now, let us see how j
1 these defects have been cured since that time. He ;
| said then, "partial returns have been leceived !
! from five others, viz: Butte, Sacramento, San !
j Joaquin, Trinity, and Tuolumne." Now, re- )
' turns from those counties are embraced in the list j
1 which the committee adopt. It is true, they are 1
, said to be partial; but I contend that we have 1
i every reason to believe that they are correct,
j They were taken a long time ago; there has been
i! ample time to correct them if there was any error
ij in them; the agent had instructions from the Gov-
ernment to make corrections, if necessary. An
impression seems to have prevailed with the
Legislature of California and others, more than a
year ago, that these returns were erroneous. They
must have been made a long time ago; yet on the
records we have nothing official or clear to show
any corrections or any alterations whatever. As
to one of the counties, the returns of which are
imperfect—the county of Tuolumne—the agent
states, in one of his letters, that he had received
returns from it, but did not send them because
they were so imperfect. Now, I should like to
have had them sent in whether perfect or not per-
fect, because there is one strange feature about
these returns, and I should like to have seen if the
same thing would apply to this county, when cor-
rected, that did to some others, viz: whether the
population would not have turned out less instead
of greater than in the first returns. I should like
the agent to have sent in those returns, as it was
his duty to do, however imperfect he may have
considered them, so that we might have seen how
they stood.
But the honorable Senator from California sug-
gests that there are only nineteen counties men-
tioned here. I will show him how the other coun-
ties are accounted for by a later report of the Cen-
sus Bureau. Here is a statement, dated March 5,
1852, table No. 4, containing a recapitulation of
the facts: " Aggregate of counties in the State,
twenty-eight; counties returned in full, twenty-
two/5 In the report of the Secretary we were
told that the returns of nineteen counties were re-
ceived complete; now we are told there are twen-
ty-two, including, exactly,the threewhich I men-
tioned as having been obtained since. What are
the others? "Counties returned in part only,
two. Counties from which no returns have been
received, four.'3 That makes up the whole num-
ber. And here I wish to say—that all these facta
may go to the public—that so far as the census is
concerned, the counties ought to be considered as
twenty-seven instead of twenty-eight; because
there was some doubt in the committee, whether,
m 185U, the county of Klamath did exist; but it
has now been made clear by the statement of Mr.
McCorkle, that it was created afterwards; so that
if it had been returned with the other counties be-
fore it was created a distinct county, of course
you could not put it in as a separate county. The
committee supposed that it was properly not ac-
counted for, because it was created after June,
1850, when the census ought to have been taken.
Mr. McCorkle states that fact distinctly. Taking
that statement in regard to that county, it leaves
three counties from which no returns were received
by the Secretary of the Interior; and those are the
very ones mentioned in the report of the commit-
tee, whose population they took from the returns
made to the Secretary of State of California. Are
they correct or not? I have shown that they are
official and entitled to as much weight as if they
had been sent to the Secretary of the Interior. Is
there any impeachment of those returns ? I have
not heard it. They were sent to the Secretary of
State's office at the time, were brought here, and
have been incorporated in the tables upon which
the committee have acted. I think, then, the cen-
sus may be considered as complete. According
to the last report of the bureau, twenty-two coun-
ties are made out as perfect; the returns of the two
which are set down as imperfect, I have shown
have stood for a long time, and no correction has
been made in them, and, therefore, we may con-
sider them perfect; we account for the three which
remain by giving the returns which were made to
the Secretary of State of California. I ask gentle-
men now, taking these facts into consideration,
how they can say there is no return from Califor-
nia? There is not a county, that existed in 1850,
for which there are not official returns. There is
an official suggestion of only two, as it now stands,
being imperfect, and one of them is the county of
Tuolumne, from which it seems the agent did re-
ceive returns, but for some cause or other, held
them back.
With this state of facts; with complete returns,
as the Secretary says, from nineteen counties-;
with complete returns, as the census agent says
in his last report, from twenty-two counties, when,
as is stated by Mr. McCorkle, Klamath county
was not organized until after June 1st, 1850, and,
therefore, its inhabitants must have been enumei-
ated in some other county; and inasmuch as in the
