1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
last report we have the returns from the counties
of Sim Francisco, Contra Costa, and Santa Clara,
I wish to know with what grace or propriety Cali-
fornia can come here now and ask us to throw-
overboard the returns from that State, and go
merely by guess-work. It cannot be done with-
out the exercise of an arbitrary power, based on
no propei, legal, or equitable foundation.
There is one circumstance connected with this
subject to which I wish to call the attention of the
Senate, or rather to extend the very proper argu-
ment made yesterday by the honorable Senator
from Georgia. The argument on the other side
is constantly based on the idea that these returns
are erroneous, that they are too little, that they
ought to be increased. And yet the record shows
a very strange fact—that in a majority of cases
wheie a correction of the returns of any of these
counties has taken place, there has been a diminu-
tion in the returns. Gentlemen estimate large
masses of population in the State of California.
Let us look at iu Let us look at the returns made
to the Legislature of California, and then at the
returns we have lately received from the Census
Office, in the return of the census agent to the
secretary of State of California, he puts down
Butte county at four thousand seven hundred and
eighty six. In the late returns which we have
received from the Census Office, and which were
made subsequent to the former, it is put down at
three thousand five hundred and seventy-four.
Does it look like injustice to give California only
one Representative when there is this diminution
in one county? Let us look at another county.
Here is the county of Sacramento put down in the
return of the census agent to the Secretary of State
of California at eleven thousand. In the late re-
turns from the Census Office it is put down at nine
thousand and eighty-seven. Then there are the
counties of San Joaquin, Mariposa, and Santa
Clara—five counties in all, in which the collections
that have been made diminish and not increase the
returns. The returns of some of the counties have
been corrected since the reportof the census agent
to the Secretary of State of California; and in these
five counties, instead of there being an increase,
there has been a very material reduction. I pre-
sent to the Senator now, whether, on this state of
facts, we can assume that those great errors have
been made which are assumed to have been made
in California? There are two or thiee other coun-
ties which I have marked in which there has been
a slight increase.
Mr. WELLER.
to the Census Office?
is a strong presumption that those who urge the
I amendment of the Senator from Maine, are mis-
; taken in supposing that the population of Califor-
1 nia is so great as they would have us to believe.
1 If it be allowed in any case to make estimates—to
! go into calculations of this kind, certainly it ought
! to be or the clearest and most undisputed facts;
i but when we have the fact that, instead of the
j population having increased in this time it has
diminished, 1 think it would be a very forced con-
struction, indeed, to assume that such large masses
of population exist there.
1 shall not enter into an analysis of the state-
ments made by the honorable member from Cali-
fornia, in the other House, [Mr. McCorkle.] I
do not desire to do so at all. 1 take his statements
just as they are They are the opinions of an in-
dividual—no doubt his honest opinions, but I ob-
ject to using them for testimony, because they are
not that kind of evidence upon which we can act.
If you allow that sort of evidence, the members
from other States may come in and make state-
ments that, according to their opinion, there are
| inaccuracies m the returns from their States. But
! we should not rely upon evidence of that kind.
Such evidence is not contemplated by the law. It
is not such as can be leceived. But, if we look
into this testimony, whatdoesitamount to? What j
are the grounds on which Mr. McCorkle under-
takes to show that there is this large amount of
population in California.' If he had submitted
facts well ascertained, then no doubt they would
be entitled to weight. If he had shown that the
legislative committee there had ascertained the
will claim their old representation, and thus we
shall have a continual difficulty. It isWcessary,
then, in older to do justice to all, that this appor-
tionment should take place; and that it shojild
operate alike on all. ^
The honorable Senator from California who
addressed the Senate with so much eloquence yes-
terday, seemed to think that it would be a great
hardship and injustice to deprive California; and
he says she is entitled to the same rights as other
States. I admit that she is; I never have, and
never will, deny her anything which she is entitled
to ask. She is our far sister on the Pacific, She
ought to be, and 1 have no doubt she ever will be,
as she has heretofore been, cherished by this Gov-
ernment. But when I say that, I am not prepared
to say that because she is on the Pacific and is
filled with gold mines, she ought to stand beyond
the pale of the Constitution, and not submit to it
like other States. I will give her every privilege
to which she is entitled; if there is any doubt, I
will give it to her; but when she stands up and
asks us to give her a representation on a mere es-
timate, which was never done before in the case
of any State, I must object to it. I think when
she asks this, she asks more than she is constitu-
tionally entitled to, and I for one, am not prepared
to give it to her. I would apply to her the same
rule that I would apply to all the members of the
Confederacy; and I would not go beyond it.
It has been said that the takmg the census was
the work of the United States, and that we are
responsible for it. That is literally true; but still
that argument is not entitled to the weight which
Mr. DOWNS. I do not think it is stated. j; do not pretend to controvert the fact, tiiat there j
Mr. WELLER. Then hv what authority does I] were greater difficulties in Califoima than else- ,
the Senator assume that that return was made to j- where; but that is not any reason why thepeop'e
the Census Office after the return of the census
agent was laid before the; Legislature of Califor-
population of particular counties, and compared ;j gentlemen impress upon us. It is true that the
r ■ - -  '-1 — " census is nominally taken by the United States,
but it is also true that the agents who take it are
the citizens of the respective States. They have
an interest in it. It is not a part of the official
duty of the States, but it is a matterin which they
have much interest. In a case like that of Cali-
fornia, where there are the greatest reasons why
the most perfect exactness should be observed in
a matter of this kind, the State might have aided.
When we consider the circumstances under which
California was admitted to this Union before—
when we consider the doubt and difficulty which
existed on this subject—when it was ascertained,
by the return to the Legislature of California, that
there would be a great deal wanting to make up
the necessary quantum for two members, the
Legislature of that State might have taken some
method of presenting to our view evidence to sat-
isfy us that the State was entitled to two Repre-
sentatives. They knew that under the act of 1850
the apportionment could not be made for other
parts of the United States before we had the cor-
rect returns from California—hence, ) think, it
presents one of those extraordinary cases where it
was proper and incumbent upon the State of Cal-
ifornia in some way, not to take a regular census,
but lo take such secondary evidence as would
it with the census returns, it would be entitled to
great weight. If he had stated thenumberof votes
m their different counties, a fair inference might
be drawn as to the population of California. If,
when he was speaking of the number of emi-
grants that had gone to California, he would also
] give us the returns of those who had left there,
we might have made some calculation on that; but
when lie gives us no facts on which we can test
his calculation, and only gives us the result of his
own calculations, 1 do think it is not constitutional
to base our legislation upon such estimates.
So of the census agent. It is true he stated—
honestly, no doubt—that some of these letuins
were not complete. I have no doubt that every
agent throughout the United States might make
the same statement, though not, perhaps, to the
same extent. We all know that perfect accuracy
When was that return made || can never be obtained m a matter of this kind.
' All we can expect is, an approach to accuracy. 1
of California should have a greater privilege than
the people of the other States.
We have been told that it would be a hard case
to exclude California, because this enumeration
Mr. DOWNS. I assume that when we called
for the returns, the Census Office sent us the latest
and most correct ones.
Mr. WELLER. Before the Senator undertakes ;
to complain of discrepancies between the return j
!! — ^en in operation for more
return was sent to the Census Office subsequent to |', years such a case| ^|h
the time when the return of the census aeent was ! is not likely^ o - _
Said before the Legislature. Unless he can show j
that, there is no force ill his argument. That is I
an important point. ]
Mr. DOWNS. I am not sure that the returns j, *. .. ,•• • . 1
show that fact, but I have heard it, and I think it ; them there have been as great, o, nea.ly as yea.
has not been made; that such things may occur I satisfy us that the numoer foi w hich Jie contends
a^ain; and that other States mav be deprived of i is correct. Is there anything of the kind I see
their rights I think the force of that argument ,1 nothing like it. It is not a very uncommon thing
will be diminished very much, when we take into J for the States to take a census of tneir inhabitants.
™„.Meraun" the fact That, although this Govern- j They generally take it not only as ofter, asi the
consiueiai . „ ^ g , U|Uted Stateg! but many of tfle States take their
' census twice as often. In some States the census
is taken every five years, and m some every six
. 1 r ..... I^ mnrfi t
Census which has just been taken. The States |
have increased to more than double the number I
they were sixty years ago. There have been nevv j
Territories added to the Union, and in some of
is the natural inference. The" informaiion'sent |( difficulties in taking the census, as m California; ■,
or seven years. California ascertained more than
twelve months ago that she could not get more
than one Representative, unless the returns were
made to show that she was entitled to two. The
only reason which is urged why the census was
J . • .1 . - x TVrt /I /mi I a fSli-
ie ce„SUB, LL,     , not'taken is the want of money. No doubt Cali-
i i v.,-\ n<? the other i forma could have advanced the money, find under
here by the Census Bureau is to the latest date. still, ^ie'e beeu here I think such a !; the circumstances she might have done so. It was
I du not know, because I have not looked into the j side allege net , ~ j ^ interest to prevent a loss in the number
with that view, whether there is anything , difficulty of"faUirie; into another >\ of her Representatives; and although she was not
papers
to Show that this report was actually made after the j: But is there cal'led upon"to do it, she might have advanced the
other; but I certainly am impressed with the belief ■ erroi, st 1 moe d 1:1 b' enu. !< money necessarv for the completion of the census.
.1 . •. • . .. .U >..11 (lint it rnnet va hppn i thlS ; ot clteS QO ItOl a( SV cly o gaul ' ' • - * J ~ ~~ t an im-
that it is so, and I still think that it must have been ,
made subsequently to the report made to theLegis- j, meration; but some
, /—■ i • i*  "• ml.:. ... /V. . t, rv-> tho M liPPAflUPr
lature of CaUfon
Census Bureau
date of the 5th
it is a reasonable inference that the report was
made after the other; but I have not the documents
before me to show that it was so. There are two
statements here which conespond very much one
made by the Department on the 5th of March, and
another made on the 25th of February to the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Gwjy.] Roth reports
are substantially the same. I think, thea, that there
of them lose. They might I It was not her duty to do so, but in a matter so 1m-
01 inem   ,, . rtnnp- and no
We do not
rose;U,'keep their own numbers. If you establish ; the requite populati,
the principle that when a State loses under a new , we wou <1 g e her that numbei ^ ^ js
census, she can hold on to her old number of i lequne i . ,uem. but we want estimates
Representatives, and has, as gentlemen sav, a j '"'P0®* , , ' There are many ways
vested risht to hold on to that representation, that can be reliedJP™' 1' ,ation might be
whenever we have a census taken, we shall get into ; m which est,ma es of the p^ ^
a squabble; we shall always have a difficulty here- , made and P™semed to u > ; f tUe popu-
after States which lose under an apportionment, i: ready ways of making a co«iPu (
