1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
lation, and a way very easy to do it in California,
..would be to take the number of votes cast at the
general election - there last summer. Although
that would not be conclusive, it would certainly
throw great light on the subject. If the gentlemen
from that State had submitted to us the votes given
■in the different counties, it would have aided us
very much. Let us see the votes of some of the
counties, the population of which is put down at
ten thousand or twenty thousand,.and let us make
a calculation, and see whether or not there is any
mistake. No doubt there are a large number of
voters there. This is on account of the great
number of male emigrants who have gone there.
I suppose the voters constitute a larger portion of
the population there than anywhere else. But
we can make allowance for that. If, for instance,
a county gave a very small vote m a contested
election for Governor and members of Congress,
it would certainly weaken the impression that the
population of that country was very great. Noth-
ing of the kind is shown.
It was alleged the other day that a great many
emigrants had gone to California who had contri-
buted to swell her population. I said before, anil
the more I reflect upon it, the more 1 am im-
pressed with the idea, that a very large portion ot'
the population that went to California have re-
turned. The steamers arriving from California
every week or two bring back large numbers.
We have had statements of the number who
crossed the jnountains to California, and of the
number wh<nbr'ved there m vessels. Why did
not gentlemen also present lo us some estimate,
some calculation as to the number who have re-
turned from California? None of the members
interested m this matter have produced any esti-
mates to show that one half or one third of the
population who originally went to California are
now there.
Under these circumstances, then, I launot see
how gentlemen so readily come to the conclusion—
for they must come to the conclusion before they
adopt this amendment—thatthepopulation of Cal-
ifornia is enough to entitle her to an additional
Representative for her fraction. Besides, allowance
should be made in regard to the statement of the
gentleman from California, [Mr. McCorkxe,]
who is a member of the other House, because it
has, perhaps, reference to the present time, or to
some period subsequent to that at which the cen-
sus was taken. Even admitting that his calcu-
lations weie correct, it must he remembered thut
changes are rapid and midden in California. Be-
cause there is a large influx of population into one
particular place, it does not follow tliat the popu-
lation of the whole State has increased. People
there rush to one mine yielding a great deal at
some particular place, remain there until it is ex-
hausted, and then go as rapidly somewhere else.
There may have been great changes m that way.
California is a peculiar country, and in estimating
population there, you cannot apply the same rules
and calculations as elsewhere. No doubt the
places to which he refers may have largely in-
creased in population; but people probably rush
there from some other part of the State on account
of a good mine or something of that sort.
Thinking, as I do, that when we go into esti-
mates, they ought to be clear and unquestionable,
and ought to raise such a presumption as to do
away with the idea of anything existing in oppo-
sition to it, ( cannot vote for an additional mem-
ber for California. If the Senate, without going
into any vague guesses, behe\e that from 'these
facts California has not population enough to en-
title her to two Representatives, they cannot she
her an additional member. This is too important
and delicate a question to be influenced by esti-
mates, unless they are such as are conclusively
established.
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger!
seems to feel very much at a loss to know how it
is that Louisiana can have any claim under any
circumstances. It seems to me to be a very
simple case. Louisiana asks nothing more than
what is granted to her sister States, and that she
has a right to ask. Whatever the Senator from
North Carolina may say, she cannot, ami will not,
sit down tamely, and see herself excluded with a
fraction of forty-six thousand, when California is
admitted to a member with a fraction of twenty-
five thousand. This does not apply to the other
States, because they have comparatively small
■ fractions. Louisiana does not claim another mem-
. ber, lfyou stop where the committee have stopped.
1 The committee unanimously agreed to give the
i member to South Carolina. There could be no
; reasonable difficulty aboutthat? What they divided
. about was, whether California should have an ad-
ditional member. If you give South Carolina
what she is entitled to, and deal with California
according to the returns, Louisiana will have
, nothing to say. She never complains of injustice.
'• She takes the Constitution and laws as they are.
But when you step out of the pale of the Consti-
' tution to give California a member on a fraction of
twenty-five thousand, then she does come in and
, insist (which I hope will not be refused) that she
! shall have a member for her fiaction of forty-six
j thousand.
There is one portion of the remarks of the hon-
orable Senator from California, [Mr. Wki.i.kr,]
who addressed the Senate yesterday, to which it
is hardly necessary to advert, because the honor-
able Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] pretty
, fully replied to it. The Senator from California,
I m some of his remarks, evidently committed a
mistake m regard to the tables accompanying the
; report. He took the one hundred and seven-
teen thousand, and then, by adding some coun-
ties returned to the Legislatuie of California, made
! up a total of one hundred and thirty thousand, or
one hundred and forty thousand, supposing that
the same counties had not been included in the
previous statement. According to a statement
made by the Census Office to his colleague on Feb-
1 ruary 25, and a statement made to the "committee,
March 5, the population of California amounted
to ninety-two thousand five hundred and limety-
seven. By adding the three counties of San Fran-
cisco, Santa Clara, and Contra Costa, returned to
the Legislature ot California, (lie sum of one bun-
dled and seventeen thousand is made up. But
there Is nothing more to add. There is no calcu-
lation by which you can make it np to one hun-
dred and thirty thousand or one hundred and
forty thousand. It must have been an inadver-
tence on the part of the honorable Senator.
, Mr. WELLER. I am not aware yet that [
] have fallen into any error. What I said yester-
day was that" Exhibit A," attached to this re-
port, puts down the population of twenty-four
counties at one hundred and seventeen thousand
three hundred and eighteen. I said that, on an
examination of that table, I found that the coun-
ties of Tuolumne, Santiago, and Los Angeles—
all of which had been organized lung hefoie that
tune—were not included. 1 was compelled, there-
fore, lo go back to page 8 of the report for the pur-
pose of ascertaining what was the population of
those three counties; and I found, upon adding
that to the one lntndied and seventeen thousand
three hundred and eighteen, it gave a total of one
hundred and thirty thousand. I am not yet aware
that I committed any mistake in that calculation.
" Exhibit A " certainly does not include these
three counties.
Mr. DOWNS. But the other table does,
i Mr WICLLKR. !n f he ot her table these three
counties are give:;, and, by adding them to the re-
turn!? in " Exhibit Ayou have a total of one
hundred and thirty thousand.
Mr. DOWNS. Then you add the leturns of
these three counties uviee.
Mr. WELL Ell. Oh, 110. I have taken the
trouble to run up the figures myself, and 1 find
that the returns in c< Exhibit A " die coriect, as
for as they go, and they foot up one hundred and
seventeen thousand three hundred and eighteen.
The twenty-four counties are correctly set down
at that; bnt then the other three counties are not
embraced m that estimate. Gentlemen will find
it so by an inspection of the tables.
Mr. DOWNS. I think the matter is easily
understood by a comparison of the tables, Jn
" Exhibit A,'" it is true, there are some counties,
as the gentleman says, left out; but they are em-
braced in the other calculations. In the commit-
tee we took, as the basis of our calculation, table
No. 4, which omits the population of those coun-
ties from which no returns were received at the
Department. We took the returns received at the
Department as official, as far as they went; and
then we took the population of the counties of
San Francisco, Contra Costa, and Santa Clara
from the returns laid before the Legislature of Cali-
fornia. In order to complete the list, as sent from
j the Department, we had only to add the returns of
i these three counties, which we took from the re-
j port made to the Legislature of California. The
returns received from the Department rni(!e the
population only ninety-two thousand five hundred
and ninety-seven. By adding the returns of these
three counties, we obtained the sum of one hun-
dred and seventeen thousand. This corresponds
; with the statement made on the 25th of February
last to one of the Senators from California. It is
clear, then, that the statement of the committee is
correct. This is it:
" In tliis return the population of the three counties from
which no retuios were dent to WaFliington, wa& minted as-
follows:
San Francisco  21,000
Contra Costa  722
Santa Clara  3,.">02
Making, in all  25,224
Add to This the population ol the other counties
(doc. No. 4)  95,597
Makes the total population of the State 117,821
This is according to the last return made to us
from the Census Office. There is no possible cab
, cuktion, according to the figures, by which you
• can make out a larger population in California
: than one hundred and seventeen thousand. There
are no other counties to be added to this. The
county of Klamath has been created since the
1 census was taken. In the statement of the census
agent, I believe he grouped the returns of three
counties together; but that does not make any
; material difference. 1 think, then, that it is clear
. that the ascertained population of California, from
i the returns, is one hundred and seventeen thou-
sand.
From these considerations, it does seem to me
that the only conclusion to which we can come
rationally, is the one to which the committee came.
1 We must take the actual returns, and act upon
them. We have no discretionary power to go
beyond them. The evils and dangers of going
beyond them would he very great. It may oper-
ate hard on California this time; and though we
regret that, stilt it must be remembered that if such
■ extraordinary diligence as ought to have actuated
, the State, had been used, this defect of which they
complain might perhaps, in some degree, have
been supplied. Better that California now should
suffer than that, on such a delicate question, we
; should be set loose without any principle of the
Constitution to guide us. 1 hope the amendment
will be amended in the way 1 propose, or if it is
' not, that it will be rejected.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not intend to make a
■ speech. I only intend to state a few facts. Since
yesterday, I have reviewed the positions which I
then took, and I have become more convinced that
they are tiue. I was gratified to hear the points
presented this morning by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Gever,] one of the minority of the
committee. He holds that the affirmative is oil
the part of those who are against allowing Cali-
fornia an additional member, on the ground that
■ the returns are not complete. He says that, pri-
ma facia,they are not complete. I take him upon
, that principle, and I shall demonstrate from table
No. 4, accompanying the report, that the returns
are complete. There are twenty-seven counties
1 in California—some say there are twenty-eight
counties; but Klamath was not a county at the
time the census was taken, and therefore is not to
be included. That is admitted by everybody.
The returns to the Census Office come here under
the law, and are, prima facie, correct, until the
contrary is made to appear. The Senator, I be-
lieve, admits that.
Mr. GEYER. I admit that they are reported
as being complete—some of them.
Mr. DAWSON". They are returned to the
Census Office, and are sent by the Census Office
to the Senate of the United States as full returns.
In table No. 4. I find the number of counties, and
a number of full, and a number of partial returns,
and a number of r-ounties not returned atall. The
population of those counties returned in full,
amounts to eight thousand six hundred and sev-
enty-two. The counties returned in full are twen-
ty-two. They are certified and reported here.
The returns of twenty-two counties have been
fully reported, and are now in the Census Bureau.
