100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Dec. 15,
terfere with our religion, also ? Shall we say
this ? Sir j our notion of religious liberty is derived
from the Pilgrim Fathers—was founded upon the
Rock of Plymouth—and is diffused through all
our institutions, so that the humblest log-cabin in
the Far West, if dedicated to Christian worship,
is as sacred in the eyes of the law as the lord-
liest cathedral in the Eastern world. And yet,
you invite this man to come here to carry on
nis crusade upon religious subjects. Crusade!
A word that reminds us of the days of chiv-
alry ; and if we would yield a moment to the
false appearances of this day, we might say that
Burke was wrong when he exclaimed "The days
of chivalry were gone." The apostles of this
man have already proclaimed him to this country
as another Peter the Hermit. Ah! there is another
exhibition of the religious part of his mission. I
am willing to acknowledge, that Kossuth must be
a man of consummate eloquence. I am perfectly
satisfied of that fact. 1 have read his speeches
with great admiration, mixed .up with a little in-
dignation, and that opinion I have expressed. I
am not a man to turn my eyes from the face of
genius. Wherever it exists, whatever may
be its sentiments, I love to look upon it, because
I know that in the face of genius there is the
image of C4od. I am willing to say, that Kossuth
possesses all the charms to make him a most ac-
complished man and a gentleman, and I should ;
consider it my misfortune if he should pass j
through here without my seeing him, and, if I j
dared, I should venture to make his acquaintance.
1 do not tlunk that the idea of a mission like that !
of Peter the Hermit will be tolerated in this coun-
try. What was the object of Peter's mission?'
It was to raise an innumerable army to figlu in
the cause of religion. He was said to be a man
of great and exceeding eloquence, art no doubt he
must have been, to have produced such a wonder-
ful effect. I ask, you then, are we ready for another
Peter the Hermit? Are we ready to be instructed
by some Eastern monk? Why, sir, we have
enough orators at home—men born in the West
—cradled m the wilderness, where evoiythmg
around (hem is grand; and if men grow where
grandeur surrounds them, they cannot help being
orators. If we want anv Peter, we do not want
him from the East. We want Peter the Hunter,
from the West. ;
" Westward the sta^ of empire takes it? way."" 1
Let our instructions come from that source, i
I will make another observation, and that is in
reference to the idea of establishing republican gov-
ernments in Europe. New governments there are
continually rising and failing; and have they not
been trying to establish republican governments
there* for the last thousand years? Have they ever
su«*ceeded? And why not- Because of their an-
tiquities, and their moimmeifts breathing, smack-
ing, and -smelling of nobility and royalty, and be-
raur.e half of the people are prelendates. Where
that 8tat > of society exists, one man will always
want to b*i superior to the others, and the idea of
human agrariamsm is a mere absurdity. Look at
the present condition of France. What a mockery :
unon republican institutions. Having driven out ;
he'* Fung—having achieved the first step—having
done ail that was necessary, she could not take a '
cnnuyu<u irinie for hei President. She had to take ;
aprincc'v i-ame—a name connected with royal and '
princely blood. What a mockery! What chance j
wo ild such a republican name as Jones, Davis,
Johnson. Thompson, or Smith have [laughter] of1
bem  President of republican France? I tell you .
tha* Republics exist where God has so ordained, .
and nowhere else; and all#your sympathy for ,
eastern Kepubhcs is thrown upon the water, with- i
o-it the virtue of the bread. Republics exist where !
men yre horu free—where there are no monuments 1
nf royaUy—where there are no antiquities, no
heraldries to remind one of the superior origin of
hip blood. God has written it, and it is inevitable,
that no Republics shall exist for a long period of;
time in their true character, where the monuments
of the country are indelibly connected with nobil- ■
hy and royalty; but they shall exist in the "West- ,
ern hemisphere, where the anointed king has never 1
• laced his foot. There is no regal atmosphere j
li?re. There are no histories, no heialdries, no !
sonns to inspire us with the idea that one man !
whall be superior to another, except in the lov^ j
and affections of the people. As long as that state i
of things exist, we will be free. But in the course •
C
of time—I trust it will be thousands of years hence
—by some accident of nature, we may be blotted
out, and this which is now the Western abiding
place of liberty, may be the Eastern home of kings,
and the Eastern land, by some freak of nature,
may be covered up, and these monuments of re-
gality and nobility may be buried, and the places
hallowed by the footsteps of kings may be thou-
sands of feet under the earth. Then, and not till
then, will there be a genuine republican govern-
ment on the Eastern continent. Now, I say that all
your sympathy is thrown away, and all your f%ht-
mg for a man^struggling to be a head of a republic
in the East, is but to elevate a prince into places-of
power, in order that he may oppress his serfs.
The present Republic of France is but the nursery
of new Robespierres and Dantons, whose days of
blood are not far off!!
When did Kossuth become a republican? Never
until he readied England. What was he fighting
for? Why, for the permanence of the Hungarian
constitution. Here is the Hungarian constitution,
as he says to us himself in his New York speech—
here is the constitution he was trying to perpetuate.
" Hungary is o free and independent Kingdom"—
(Ki-vgdom)—"having its own self-constituent ex-
istence and constitution, and not subject to any
other nation and country in the world. The only
tie between us and Austria, was that we were bound
to cleci to be our Kings the same dynasty, ichich were
also the sovereigns of Jlustria." Here you see that
this free constitution and this free country fought
foi by Kossuth in the Hungarian struggle, had a
King And all Kossuth wanted, was to establish
their ancient constituencies. There is the republic
for whose perpetuation he was striving and fight-
ing.
He comes here now to this country almost a
red republican—a much better republican than
ourselves, who were born republicans. But 1 am
proud of his conversion. I congratulate hun and
the cause of liberty throughout the world, that
American atmosphere has had such a magical
effect upon him.
I had soma interesting authorities, whichl would
like to read if I had time, but I will close my
remarks by thanking the House for their kind in-
dulgence in hearing me.
Mr. H1BBAUD. I move to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider the vote on the adoption of
the title. *
The question was then taken, and the motion to
reconsider was laid upon the table.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. FTTCH asked the unanimous consent of
the House for the purpose of introducing a pre-
amble and resolution, which was read for informa-
tion, as follows:
Whereas on the >2<{ of January, I£-fS. the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States? declared that the they ex-
isting war wit}) Mexico was " unneee^saiilv and unconsti-
tutionally be«un by the Pie«ident o' the United States'''
which iH'e!aiatio;i, if uncoiitnulH-ted. m.iv heieafro lead
to enoneou-, opinions of the enu^e oi thai war, and the
views and motives ot tho^e engaged in its active piosecu-
Uon; thoieibn'—
Rcs^lvt•(. That the sud decimation way a libel upon our
counti cu'se, asti?maupon the memoir of the bra\c dead
of that war. and a lopioach upon the living who ibughf its
battles; tisat it was umoimded ui fact, and expressed not
the opinion of the people of the United States, but that
only ot' an accidental majority in Confess.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object to
their introduction.
j Mr. FITCH moved a suspension of the#rules,
j to enable him to introduce the resolution; upon
1 which motion
j Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia asked for the
i yeas and nays: which were ordered: and, being
j taken, were—yeas 102, nays 53: as follows:
j YEAS—Me&srs. Aiken, Willi* Allen, Andrews, John
[ Appleton, Aveictt, Baheocfc, Baitlett. Thomas IF. Baviy,
i Bisselh Bocock, Bienton. Albert G. Brown, Cue!]. Busby,
Thompson Campbell. Curlier, Caskie, Clark, Cobb, John
G. Davis, Dawson. Dimtmok, Doty. Dunham, Eastman.
Edmuiidson. Kda^rton, Faulkner, Fieklm, Fitch, Florence.
Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gayloid, Gorman. Grow^
Hall, Homi'ton, F->ham G. Ila'iri-i, Somp-on W. Harris,
Hait, Hendueks. Henn, Hibbard, Rolladav. Houston, How-
aid. IiifferpOll, Jacks-on. Andrew Johnson, .iolm Johnson,
Robert W. johnson, Daniel T. Jono, G^oi^e W. Jond>,
J, Giancv JoneS, Piet-ton King, Kurtz, Letcher, TiOckbart,
Mace. Edward C. Marshall. Humphrey Marshall, McCor-
kle, McDonald, McLanaiian, McMulii'n, McNair, Meade,
Million, Moiony, Murphy, Mmiav. .Yabei.s, Andrew Par-
ker, Pearlee, Penn. Phelps, Polk. Puce, Richardson, Rob-
bins, llobie, Robmson, Ross, Savage, Scurry, David L.
Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Smith,
Frederick P? Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P.
Stevens, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweets«r, Georje W. Thomp-
son, Thurston, Venable, Alexander White, Wilcox, and
Wildnck—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombicr, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Bell, Bennptt, Bowie, Bowne, Briggs, Brooks, Bur-
rows, E Carrmgton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell^
Chandler, Chapman, Chastain, Clingman, Conger, CuIlom?
George T. Davis, Evans, Swing, Fowler, Gentry, Good-
enow, Bascall, Haven, Hebard, Hillyer. Horsford, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Iiunter, George G. King,
Kubns, Landry, Mann, Martin, Meaeham, Miller, Henry
D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Newton, Outlaw, Sam-
uel W.Parker, Penniman, Perkins, Porter, Sackett-, Seher--
merhorn, c3choomnakerr Benjamin Stanton, Alexander If-
Stephens, Taylor, Tuck, Walbndge, Walsh, Ward, Wash-
burn, Watkins, Welch, Well?, and Williams—53.
Mr. BRECKENRIDGE, who was without the
bar when his name was called, asked permission
to record%is vote.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected. He -
had been there, he said, for eight years, and never
knew the privilege to be accorded to any one.
• So,the rules were not suspended.
Mr. CLINGMAN,fi-om the Committee on Ter-
ritories, by general consent, reported the following;
resolution; which was read and adopted, viz:
Resoheil, That the President be requested to communi-
cated to this House all stich information as may be in his
possession, cal itilated to show the actual condition of things
in the Territoiy of Utah ; and especially to enable the House
to asceitain whether the due execution of the laws of ihe
United States has been resisted or obstructed; whether
there has been any misappropriation of the public funds ^
and whether the personal lights of our citizens have been
interfered with m any manner.
Mr. SMART, by unanimous consent,, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read
and agreed tov viz:
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if nor incompatible-
with the public interest, any intoimntion he may have re-
ceived leppeetmjr the seizuieand confiscation of the barque-
"Geotsjiana," of Maine, and the bri/j "■ Susan Loud/' of
Massachusetts, by the Spam>h and Cuban authorities ; to-
gether with all applications and correspondence in jeference'
thereto; and that he inform the House what measmes (if
any) have been taken for the indemnification, by the Span-
ish Govrrnmenr, of the captains, owners, and crews oi said
vessels.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. MEADE asked the general consent of the
House to introduce a resolution; which was read,,
as follows, viz:
Resolved, That the Piesidont of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to thi« House, if not incompatible-
with the public interest, information, if any. in his power,
fitM, as to the eonelu-ion of the treaty between Spam,
France, and Great Britain, m respect to the Island of Cuba,,
and the nature of that tieaty ; second, as to the relative
shength of the British, French, and United States pquadro «
m the West India seas; and thirdly, whether additional
appiopnauons aie necessary tomciease oui force on that
station.
Mr. CARTTER objected to the introduction of
the resolution.
Mr. MEADE moved a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to introduce it; which question was
put and agreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. HOUSTOX,from the Committee of Ways
and Means, by general consent, reported the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Wavs and Means be
authonzed to employ a clerk at the usual rate of compen-
sation.
The question was taken upon the adoption of
the resolution, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, <by the unanimous consent of the
House, reported the following-resolution; which
was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means he-
authorized to cause such icpaus to be made m their com-
mittee room as the niaionty of such committee may deem
necessary, not to exceed m coat the sum of .$vJ0.
Mr. EVANS asked and obtained leave, and in-
troduced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to amend an act entitled "An act for the
punishment of crime in the District of Columbia;'*
which was- read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SIBLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read
and adopted, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai be requested to
inform this Hou&e, 1st. What pi ogress has been made, if
an>? in the construction of certam roads authorized by
Congress in the Territory of Minnesota; 3d. What amounts
of the sum appropriated by Con^re^a for that object has
been expended, and fur what specific purpose; 3d. What
additional sum. in his opinion, will he necessary for the
completion of the roads s>o authonzed.
LOUIS KOSSUTH.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on
