1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1877
upon the ground that members of that State did
not call upon the committee and petition for any-
thing of that kind. While 1 do not think that is
a ground that ought to be considered, yet I wish
to ask the gentleman if that was the rule which
influenced him in not inserting some provision, and
making fsome appropriation for the Tennessee
river? He was called upon, I know, upon that
subject. I find nothing in the bill for that im-
portant watercourse.
Mr. MEADS. I did not yield the floor for the
introduction of any new matter. I yielded to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Seymour] for
the purpose of allowing him to make an explana- j
tion of the course pursued by the committee in I
regard to my own Stat*3.
Mr. SEYMOUR. { wish to say to the gentle- •
man from Virginia, [Mr. Mlvde,] since he has ;
alluded to the position of Virginia, and to the j
opinions enieruiried by her in regard to works of i
this character, 'snd of the constitutional ri^ht of!
Con^r.j?-j to make appronriations therefor, that no !
contfUef"ii™>cJ of that kind operated upon the j
committee m this matter. We respect the State j
of Virginia, we respect her statesmen; we respect ;
her jnterests; end we were most happy to find, ]
upon investigations which we instituted upon this |
euhjp^t. that the first appropriation that was made j
for the corrstructi-jn of pie,-s upon the Delaware i
mer, *br the protection of the commerce of this j
country in that quarter, was sanctioned by that I
«!'Stin,?ui^hed citizen, Thomas Jefferson, from '
Virginia—the very first appropriation, as early as j
1805, of f?5.000 o*>d upwards, for the purpose of ;
commencing upon those waters works for the !
protection of commerce.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to know if the gen- i
tlemnn from New Yo>-k [Mr. Seymour] is to be \
understood ^*5 asserting that Mr. Jefferson ad- j
rniued that Congress possessed this power of |
making appropMations for rivers? j
Mr. SEYMOUR. I mean to say this, lhat Mr. !
Jefferson approved of that bill, and I believe he |
approve 1 ^f one or two othe^, the effect of which ;
was to pr 'i our commerce in the harbors and ,
upon the rivers of the country, 1 know very well i
the doctrine he prnclaii.ied hi his messages. I j
know that he announced himself as opposed to j
the system ^f intern u improvements; but I know ;
at the same ume rhat he did approve of that bill, '
and I biheve ond or two others, which he based
noon no other power than that expressed in the
Constitution—a power for building piers for the
purpose of making navigation easy and safe.
Mr. MiLLSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to rend his own language upon this subject?
Mr. SEYMOUR. Yes, sir; but I concede all
that.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Jefferson, in the second
session of the ninth Congress, speaking of the
ouminuonce of imposts, and of the probable sur-
plus revenue, nftcr the extinguishment of the
public doiif, uses this Innguage:
4 11 Their prU'iotwri oprtaiiilv would prefer its continuance
nnd anph'-.ttion to the ?rc;;t purpose* of th<- public educa-
tion r nd<. "ivev- - canal", and -uch other objects, of public
improve netit ./■- it'mav be t5,ought proper to add to tbo con-
stitutional enutnC!ntion ofFedeta! powers.-'
And in the same connection he adds:
'• I Mippose *n«I.neut of the Constitution, by con-
sent of tl><j States. nece--.i!y, because the objects now rec-
ommended are not arnon? tho«c enumerated m the Con- j
dilution, and to which xt permit' the public revenues to be :
apjil'ed.'5 I
Mr. SEYMOUR. I will add to what I said in 1
reference to the view? of Air. Jetierson, that Mr. ,
Ad ins and Mr. Monroe also coincided in the ■
v,e<vs which they put foith in their messages upon .
this subjects and that they were opposed to a gen-
eral system of internal improvement; but at the |
same time those distinguished men, during their |
administrations, did nut hesitate to approve of,
works which hod for their object the protection of ;
the commerce of the country upon our lakes and
in our harbors. . , .
Mr. Mo'iros went to a greater extent in tms
master than she two Presidents that preceded him.
rr,tH0> much is due to the history of those times.
*1 wish "to say a word further in regard to the
•=m"rk<i of t'*1® gentleman from Virginia, [Wlr.
\lr"r.: ■ y/:"vyi Iwjs proceeding to answer when
•r „'c' ,y,-. Mjllsos] interrupted me. He
• ■Vr'-J t./anu''OT>natio>m contained m this bill for
wol i,i th'e'Stite of New York. There are; ap-
propriations, large 111 amount, made to that Sta.e,
as there are also to other States that have great
commercial interests, and which are bordered by-
large navigable waters.
The proper idea, I think, to be entertained upon
this subject, is not that every State in the Union
should be entitled to an appropriation for the pro-
tection and preservation of its commerce, but that
wherever a national object can be found, wherever
it may be, whether in the State of New York, cr
in the State of Virginia, or in any other State,
there let us meet it with the constitutional power,
and let us exercise it in the protection of our com-
merce; and inasmuch as no question was brought
before us in relation to the State which the hon-
orable gentleman [Mr. Meade] repiesents, and
which he has so ably vindicated here, we did not
enter into that inquiry in reference to that State.
Indeed, we had no basis for our action.
No report was presented to us and no estimates
in reference to the Tennessee river, to which the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] has
alluded. Tlie honorable gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Church wem.] did, however, bring before
us,from the War Department and Topographical
Bureau, the case of the Tennessee rivei, and ie-
ferred us to previous reports upon the subject. It
underwent a very patientond long investigation in
the committee, but the committee were not in favor
of inserting it in this bill.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. Will the gentleman
yield to me a moment?
Mr. MEADE. 1 propose to finish what I have
to say, and then will leave the floor to the gentle-
man.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. I merely wish to ask
if ! understand the honorable gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Seymour,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to say. that the reason why
the Tennessee river was not provided for in the
bill as reported, was, that no one appeared before
that committee in behalf of that interest? . . .
Mr SEYMOUR, i am obliged to the gentle- !i notifying the House of the passage by that body
man from Tennessee [Mr. Ckurciiweli.] for the ; of the joint resolution of the House, fixing the
opportunity to correct a mistake, committed by ;| day of final adjournment, with an amendment,
me in reference to that matter. In one meeiing ;! and sundry bills, and requesting the concurrence
we did institute that investigation upon the data ;i of the House therein.] _
befoi'p us which were surveys made some years,1 There is another very large river washing the
previous,'and the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. ;j shores of Virginia, the Roanoke, in which North
CmmciiwEix,] apprehending that such data were i| Carolina is also interested, down which immense
imperfect, and understanding the conclusion to I; amounts of produce annually go. _ There are
wh.ch we had arrived, very creditably to himself, jj many impediments in that river, which might be
and for the benefit of his"constituents, procured |i removed by an appropriation of this sort. And
was not a disposition to overlook the interest of
my State, how is it that estimates were presented
fiom the executive officers of the Government,
without including estimates for the State of Vir-
ginia also? That was an omission upon the part
of those officers which I cannot charge upon the
committee or its chairman. Let the members of
this House remember that the river to which I
have called their attention, is the largest river in
tne State of Virginia, upon which are situated
three of its most important towns. The obstruc-
tions in it are serious impediments to commerce,
and can be easily removed by an adequate appro-
1 prmiion. James river affords the means of trans-
i porting to the markets of the world almost the
entire tobacco crop of the State of Virginia, amount-
! ing to fifty thousand hogsheads. The worth of
i that tobacco is from three to five millions of dol-
I lars annually, according to its price.
! In addition to that, sir, the other great staple
of Virginia, wheat, goes down that river in con-
; siderable quantities. There cannot be less than
; from three to five hundred thousand barrels of
! flmir transported to the markets of the world
through that outlet. These constitute the most
; important articles of our commerce. The whole
amount of commerce going down the James river
cannot, in my opinion, fall short annually of front
$5,000,000 to |6",000.000.
We all know that there must be a return trade
of equal amount coming up the river, making a
grand total of some $10,000,000 or $12,000,000.
Mr. Chairman, whilst I am making this speech
in behalf of the State I in part represent, I do not
1 wish by what I say to impress upon the commit-
! tee the importance of passing a bill of this char-
| aeter. No, sir! 1 believe that every internal im-
provement ought to be constructed by the individ-
| uals directly interested in it.
i [A message was here received from the Senate,
through Aseurt Dickins, Esq., its Secretary,
from the War Department a new estimate upon
lhat subject, which, I will do him the justice to
say, was not received by the committee untii they
had come to their conclusion upon the subject.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. I desire to ask the hon-
orable chairman this question: Did not Ihe commit-
tee, when 1 appeared beforethem with Long's re-
port on that river, and the estimates of the cost of
the improvement of its navigation, as made out by
■ m 1 1 I 1 __ . . _ . . .1 . I . vm ■ t 4 /> . 1 t i ♦ l"\
in this connection, Mr. Chairman, let me bring
to the attention of this committee a most import-
suit fact: that of the appropriations for internal
improvements, made since the establishment of
the Government,amounting in all from $10,000,000
to $15,000,000, but $25,000 has ever been voted
to the Slate ol Virginia, and that was for the con-
struction of a canal from the city of Norfolk to
the Dismal Swamp. I believe that is the extent
the Tonoo-ranhical Bureau and submitted to the;! of appropriations which ever have been made to
' = hy on 11 the State of Virginia, notwithstanding the multi-
tude and the extent of her wants upon that sub
ject. It is, however, an evidence of her fidelity
to those principles which she has ever maintained
in relation to the power of the General Govern-
ment.
Mr. ALLISON. I would ask the gentleman
from Virginia what would be the probable cost of
oval of the bar in the James river?
MEADE. I will answer the gent]
from Pennsylvania simply by telling him that there
Sr-rretary of War, give me, aa a reason
appropriation for the Tennessee river was not in-
cluded in the bill, that they had perfected their hill,
and that it was already as large as would proba-
bly pass? ,
Mr. SEYMOUR. I do not know whether they
did or not. ...
, Mr. MEADE. Having the highest opinion of
j boihis™:" i; rwm
telligence and integrity, 1 am inclined to receive - *>mnlv
i almost any apology he may offer for his neglect of
i Virginia m reporting this hill. _
■ The chairman of the Committee on Commerce
savs it was not bis business to invite applications
of this sort. Well, that may be true, and I con-
ceive he may not have regarded that as a part o,
his duty; yet, had I been a member of that com-
mittee, it seems to me that I should have taken a
different view of its obligations. T should, with-
out any special application, have thrown my eye
over the whole extent of country, and examined
into the wants of the whole Union.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I would simply remark,
that the chairman of that committee, no doubt, m
investigating this question,had before him the ap-
' included in the bill of the last session.
haie been estimates made, but I do not now rec-
ollect the precise amount. I presume §50,000
would at least be sufficient to remove that bar. I
am not, however, certain as to that.
Mr. ALLISON. Do I understand the gentle-
man to argue that such an amendment would be
nroper to this bill?
' \4r. MEADE. I say such an amendment
would be highly proper if the bill be passed at all.
; Mr. ALLISON. If the gentleman will offer
j such an amendment, I, for one, will cast my vote
j in its favor.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman will be gratified
1 an amendment to that effect will be offered.
Mr. STUART. I wish to ask a question. The
i gentleman has been complaining of the Committee
on Commerce for not reporting something fsvora-
i propnations - — -
i In that bill Virfiflia was not wholly neglected as
' ' ' the small amount con-
ot have struck the atten- . -    , . . ,
; , , fnmmprrp if fhev read r: but I would ask him whether ne <
I Hon ot the Commute   !. tbnt. that committee, as well as all others, can
ij In hat bill Virginia « ^nt W- | j bk w Vir^ia. Now,* am .Tot a membSr of that
II m this. Why is jt - ^ ] atten- '' committee, and do not propose to take it m charge,
i! tained m that bill should not have struck the atten com , t r not taow
tained in that bill should not have
tion of the Committee on Commt ,}-tw
i| the bill at all, which X presume they did? Ifthere
