1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
he taken of the population existing in the States,
dh the 1st day of June, there was no such State
as California in existence. She was not admitted
•into the Union uwul the 9th of September of that
year. I find the second section ot the act admit-
ting California into the Union, in these words:
"That until the Representatives in Congress shall be
apportioned according w>hii actual enumeration  t ute sn-
habnauts of the United States, the State of California shall
be entitled to two Representatives in Congress." ,
I think if the friends of the proposition to give
California two Representatives, insist upon her
retaining her present representation, they can do
so under this. act, which leaves out of view alto-
gether the act of the 23d of May, 1&5Q, which was
passed without reference to California, as if she
had no existence at all. On the 9th of September
we passed an act creating a new State; and we
assumed, as a jiict beyond dispute—for we could
not have legislated upon any other ground—that
she had at that time a sufficient population to enti-
tle her, in proportion to the population of the other
States, to two Representatives in Congress. You
cannot, in my opinion, go beyond it. There was
the fact announced in the most solemn form in
which it could be announced to the country, by
all the forms and sanctions of legislation, that she
did have at that time—not on the 1st day of June,
when the enumeration was required to be taken
for the other Slates, but on the 9th day of Septem-
ber, 1850—a sufficient population to entitle her, by
special legislation, to two Representatives in the
Congress of the United States. Under that act, she
is entitled to retain that representation until an
actual enumeration. I do not thi k yon can fair-
ly say that it meant the enumeration of 1850. That
matter had all passed. The duty was performed,
or might have been performed, at that time. Two
months is usually sufficient to take the enumera-
tion; and if the deputy marshals did their duly,
they could take it in two or three months. From
the 1st day of June until the 9th d< y of Sep-
tember was about three months and a third. The
work of taking the census was then going on, and
we might fdiily suppose, and in law were bound
to suppose, that it had been almost completed at
that ume. We admitted the State afterwards by
express legislation, and gave her a Representative
on what we assumed to be her actual population.
Mr. CHASE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the latter clause of it, which
is in these words:
<{ And that tor this purpose the act of May l?r>0, pro-,
viding lor the uppoiimumrniof Uepreseuunvt^ among the
6eve:sil St.ite<> be s-o amended that the whole n nubei shall
be two hundred and thuty loin in* ti!i?d of two himdied and
thirty-three, until an apportionment under a now census
Upon tins amendment Ilrust the Senate will
indulge me with the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOKLjANi). 1 wish to not understand-
infjly ill regard to this mailer, and, therefore, I
desire to inquire of the Senator from Ohio what is
to be the effect of his amendment? Jt seems to
me that if we assign to California, as I think we
may properly do, the additional Repiesentative,
this portion which it is proposed to strike out
might follow as a matter of course.
Mr. WALKER, it will deprive South Caro-
lina of a member.
Mr. BRADBURY . The effect of the amend-
ment will be to cut off South Carolina.
Mr. BORLAND. Then that alters the case
materially.
Mi\ CF-TASK. T will state, m a very few words,
the effect of the amendment. The object of it is
not, as has been suggested, to deprive South Caro-
lina of a representative. It is simply to retain
the number two hundred and thirty-three fixed
by the act of 3S50. if the Senate shall decide to
retain that number, undoubtedly the question will
then arise, as between California and South Caro-
hna, which must be determined upon the evidence
This amendment does not affect the question
whether South Carolina or California is entitled
It is simply the question whether the number
two hundred and thirty-three shall be retained. If
two hundred and thirty-four shall be striken out
and two hundred and thirty-thiee inserted, repre-
sentation will remain to be apportioned according
to numbers, as the Constitution requires. °
Mr. \V LLLER. The adoption of this amend-
ment will raise a controversy between South
Carolina and California.
Mr. DOWNS. 1 do not consider that there is
any such controversy at all. The question now
involved is, whether the number of Representatives
fixed by the aet of ltf50, shall be retained or not.
The question between South Carolina and Cali-
fornia it will be time enough to decide when it
comes up. The object of this amendment is to
simplify the question, and bring it down to the
simple point whether or not we shall increase the
number.
Mr. RUSK. If, by this enactment, you give
two members to California, you do not leave one
to South Carolina for her fraction, if you fix the
number at two hundred and thirty-three.
Mr, DOWNS. The motion now is, not to
give California two members, but to strike out
two hundred and thirty-four and leave the num-
ber of the House of Representatives fixed at two
hundred and thirty-three, leaving it to be decided
afterwards whether California or South Carolina
shall have a member. The question is not now
as between these two States; but if the latter part
of the amendment of the Senator from Maine is
stricken out, as proposed by the Senator from
Ohio, then the question will be, Shall California
have two Representatives? That will not be de-
cided upon this vote. That will come up on the
next vote. The question now to be decided is only
whether we shall have two hundred and thirty-
three or two hundred and thirty-four as the num-
ber of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Louisiana
certainly understands this matter. If you strike
out this provision, you must necessarily reject
what is left.
Mr. CHASE. Not at all.
Mr. BADGER. Then if you retain that part
of the provision which gives California two mem-
bers, without increasing the number of the f-Iouse
of Representatives, you necessarily strike off from
South Carolina one member. Therefore, it will
follow that we must reject what is left. I sub-
mit, therefore, to those who are m favor of giving
California two members, to vote against the amend-
ment.
Mr. DOWNS, This vote will not decide
whether California shall have two members, but
only whe'her we will keep the number of the Rep-
resentatives as it is fixed by the act of 1850.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, it
resulted—yeas 14, nays 24', as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. ^tehi-aon, Brodhead, Chase, Davis,
Dawson, Downs, Hunter, Ma-sOn, Miller, Motion, Smith,
Sproanee, Underwood, and Up-lmm—14.
NAYS- -mci-srs. B.idcjer, p.hi, Borland, Bradburv, Cnss.
Cooler, Dodjre of Wisconsin, Dodsre of Town, Donula^i
Felch, FVh, Geyer, Gwin, Kins, Malloiy, lihett,
Uu^k, Seward, Shicid-t, Suinucr. Wmk*,\VtilKci, and Wel-
10,—o.j.
So ihe amendment to the amendment was not
ngieed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Bradbury's
amendment, upon which he called forthe yeas and
nays, and they were ordered, and being taken,
resulted—yeas 23, nays ]5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, B"ll, Borland, tlradbury, Cass,
Chiie'c, Cooper, Dnd^c of \Vi-*c"tHin, Dodge of Jo-wa,
Donirla*, Fetch, Fish, Geyer, Gwin, Mallory, Khctf, Rusk,
Seward, Shields, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and YVeller—
si3.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Brodhead, Dan*, Dawson,
Downs, Hunter, Kinir, Manjrum, Mason, Miller, Morton,
Smith, Spruanee, (Jndeiwood, ami Fpiiam—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I think the adoption of this
amendment makes it necessary to adopt another;
and therefore I move to strike out of the first sec-
tion the words:
Including the population of the counties of San Fran-
c^co. Santa Clara, and Contra Costa, in the State of Cali-
fornia, accoidins* to the retains made theieof bv the census
agent of California to the Secretary of the State of Califor-
nia, amounting to twenty-five thousand two liundied and
twenty-four."
Mr. GE"\ER. This clause was inserted with
the view of making up the returns, as the official
basis upon which to make the apportionment.
They are unofficial returns. They are nowhere
found, except in the communication from the cen-
sus agent to the Secretary of State of California.
They have therefore, I think, no business in the
estimate, and ought to be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I would ask ofSenators who
have the control of this matter, whether this will
not change the ratio, and will not make a differ-
ence to some of the States ?
Mr. GEYER. It will make no difference to
any of the States.
Mr. CHASE, The change in the whole num-
ber of Representatives will diminish the ratio, and
will, as 1 have attempted to show to the Senate,
give to Louisiana a member for her fraction. If
you change the aggregate number, you change
the ratio; and if you change the ratio, in my opin-
ion you must give a member to Louisiana if one
be given to South Carolina.
Mr. GEYER. It will have no such effect. It
is true that, by diminishing the ratio, the fraction
of each State will be increased, but the States will
stand in the same relative position; Louisiana
being the twelfth State in the order of the frac-
tions.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended.
The amendment to the first section on the mo-
tion of Mr. Gwin, in Committee of the Whole,
was concurred in.
The question was then stated to be on the amend-
ment made as in Committee of ihe "Whole on the
motion of Mr. Bradbury-
Mr. ATCHISON. Would it be in order now
to move an amendment so as to reduce the num-
ber of Representatives to which South Carolina
"will be entitled to under the bi?I as it now stands ?
There is a conviction on my mind that if Califor-
nia is entitled to two members, South Carolina
must lose one.
The PRESIDENT. Both the original bill an &
the amendment adopted in committee are open to
amendment.
Mr. MASON. I think it is very clear that
, there is a difference of opinion between Senators
aa to the effect the change in the whole number of
Representatives will have upon the ratio. I think
i we ought to understand that question before the
i bill is finally acted on, and, therefore, 1 move
! that the Senate now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
' Mr. ATCHISON". Would not a motion to
, strike out "two hundred and thirty-fourand in-
j sert " two hundred and thirty-three" bring up the
1 question directly, whether we shall retain the pres-
: ent number or not? The bill is now so amended
as to give California two Representatives.
The PRESIDENT. It will be in order to make
that motion.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then X move to strike out
two hundred and thirty-four and insert two hun-
dred and thirty-three.
Mr. MANGUM. I would inquire what w\\l
i be the effect of that amendment to the amend-
ment ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair can only give
his opinion as to -what will be its effect. In the
opinion of the Chair, it will have the effect, if
adopted, of preventing South Carolina having a
member for her fraction.
Mr. MANGUM. Then I am opposed to it. I
think South Caroliua is entitled to a member for
herfiaction, as the returns now stand. I am will-
ing to give California two members. T think that
before the decennial period will be half over, she
will have enough population to entitle her to much
more than her present representation.
Mr. BORLAND. It seems to me that the
amendment proposes to amend the act of 1850, so
as to have the representation two hundred and
thirty-four, instead of two hundred and thirty-
three. The amendment to the amendmentis now
to amend that amendment to the act of 1850. The
effect of it will be to leave the law as it now is.
Mr. BADGER. Let us take the sense of the
Senate upon striking that out—let us strike out the
whole of the provision.
Mr. DAWSON. I cannot vote for the propo-
sition. My convictions are that South Carolina
is entitled to a member. My course in regard to
this bill has been actuated by that conviction.
The Senator from North Carolina says that he
has no doubt that South Carolina is entitled. If
so, California would not be. But now we have
decided to give California two Representatives, and
therefore, I am not. willing: to refuse the member,
which would have the effect of cutting off South
Carolina. I must sustain her right, and those who
believe that California is entitled, will sustain her
right.
Mr. ATCHISON. I withdraw the proposi-
tion .
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would like to know
whether it is intended by this bill to make a per-
manent change in the number of the House of
