1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
Mr. MARSHALL. I cannot yield the floor
for any such purpose. I was disposed to oppose
the proposition, when first suggested by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor.]
Mr. TAYLOR, I trust that the gentleman is
in fdvor of limiting the debate to some reasonable
time.
Mr. MARSHALL. I think myself that de-
bate upon this bill ought not to be limited, so long
as any gentleman desires to speak. My opinion
is very decided, that upon a bill so important as
this, there are a great many amendments wanted;
and representing the section of country that I do,
I shall vote for this bill with a great deal of hes-
itancy, if I vote for it at all. 1 find in this bill
that the State of New York 
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish that the gentleman
would allow me to put myself right. I did not
wish to prevent the gentleman from offering any
reasonable amendment. 1 humbly submit that we
should limit debate to some hour to-morrow—say
twelve o'clock.
Mr. MARSHALL addressed the committee for
a short time, in favor of river and harbor improve-
ments, but without concluding, yielded the floor
to—
Mr. YATES, who moved that the committee
rise.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman [Mr.
Olds] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 282, making appropria-
tions for the improvement of certain harbors and
rivers, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
HOSTILITIES ON THE FRONTIER.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House now to call up the bill to which
I alluded this morning, for the protection of the
frontiers.
[Cries of "Too late!"]
Mr. DUNCAN. I object, and move that we
do now adjourn.
ADJOURNMENT OF THE SESSION.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope I shall have the con-
sent of the House to call up the resolution pro-
posing to fix the day for adjournment, and 1 ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Duncan]
to withdraw the motion to adjourn for that pur-
pose.
Mr. DUNCAN. Has that resolution passed
the Senate ?
Mr. HOUSTON. It has, and I desire now to
call it up.
Mr. DUNCAN. We can do that another day
as well as to-day. I insist upon my motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the House ad-
journed till to-morrow morning at eleven o'clock,
a. m.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. SKELTON: Petition of citizens of New Jersey
in lavor of Mr. Stanly's bill making appropriations for the
as-is-tance of the Colonization Society.
By Mr. SMITH : Petition of Noble A. Penland praying
Congress to allow him a pension for services in the last
war.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 22, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of
Henry A. Amelung, praying an appropriation to
test a plan for preventing steamboats or other
vessels from sinking, of which he is the inventor;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of John S.
Davis, a citizen of California, praying to be in-
demnified for depredations upon his cattl*, com-
mitted by the Indians during the winter of 1851;
•which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Also, documents in relation to the claim of Ed-
ward J.Jackson, praying indemnity for a mule
stolen by the Indians in the winter of 1851; which
were referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs
Also, the memorial of Commander Thomas R.
Gedney, United States Navy, asking to be reim-
bursed certain payments made by hun in 1846-'7,
on account of expenses of the coast survey; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of voters of
Cardington, Ohio, praying that the bill now pend-
ing before Congress, known as the " homestead
bill," may become a law; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Samuel
Brenton, asking that a claim allowed to T. A. H.
Edwards, and erroneously paid to James McKay,
may be investigated, and relief afforded to the
lawful owners of said claim; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Blair county, Pennsylvania, praying that
the bill providing for the payment of the fourth
installment^ of the deposits of the public lands
directed to be made with the States by the act
of June 23d, 1836, may become a law; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CLEMEN'S presented the memorial of
Rosa W. Inge, praying the continuation of the
pension allowed her for the services of her late
husband, Lieutenant Z. M. P. Inge; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions. *
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Ers-
kine & Eichelberger, praying the payment of
the amount of a debt due (hem, which was con-
tracted by John Gunter, jun., a Cherokee Indian,
prior to the Cherokee treaty, of December 2i),
1835; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred a resolution of the
Senate to print one thousand additional copies of
the report of the Secretary of War, of the 15th
of June, containing a reconnoissance of the Gulf
of California and the Colorado river, by Lieuten-
ant Derby, reported in favor of printing the same;
which was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Hannah
Thompson, praying that the pension she now re-
ceives may be continued for life, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof, as
the committee propose to report ageneral bill which
will include her case; which was agreed to.
EXTENSION OP COAST SURVEY.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate what sums will be required,
withoutiuteifering with the regular progress of the coast
survey, to extend it to the present fiscal year so as to include
the islands in the vicinity of the Santa Barbara channel,
coast ot California, viz : the Islands of Santo Cruz;, Santa
Rosa, San Bernardo, Anacapa, Santa Catalina, Santa
Clemente, San Nicholas, and Santa Barbara; and also to
report whether the usual land surveys, dividing the islands
into township*, sections, half Mictions, quaiter sections,
and eighth sections, could not at the *ame time be made by
the officer* of the coast survey, under the dnection of the
Superintendent.
ADDITIONAL SCHOOL LANDS.
On the motion of Mr. BORLAND, the previous
orders were postponed, and the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the bill
allowing exchanges of, and granting additional
school lands in the several States which contain
public lands, and for other purposes.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the bill is read, in
order that our action may he facilitated upon it,
I will state to the Senate that a portion of this
bill—the first section—has already been provided
for by a bill which was passed the other day, on
the motion of the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Mallory,] allowing an exchange of the sixteenth
section, if it should be found to be of inferior
quality. This bill contains three sections—the
1 first section, which relates altogether to the ex-
S change of the sixteenth section, if inferior, for an-
i other section of good land, becomes unnecessary
| in consequence of the bill which was passed the
I other day. As the passage of that bill took place
' since this bill was reported from the Committee
i on Public Lands, I have to propose some verbal
amendments to the second and third sections.
The PRESIDENT. Let the bill be read,and
then the Senator from Arkansas can offer his
amendments. .
The bill was read accordingly. It consists of
three sections, the first of which provides that
where the sixteenth section heretofore set apart
for the use of schools in each of the several States
which contain public land, has been or shall be
found of an inferior quality, unfit for cultivation,
or. unfavorably located, the inhabitants of each
township, under the authority of said States, shall
be at liberty to relinquish the said sixteenth section,
and to select in lieu thereof any other section,
either as a whole section, or in any legal subdi-
visions, within the same township that may re-
main subject to sale by private entry; or should
none such remain in the same township, then the
selection may be made in each case from any land
within the limits of the State subject to sale by
private entry, to be entered and recorded at the
pioper land office of the district in which the se-
lected land may lie, and a proper conveyance mad©
therefor, in the usual form, under the authority of
the United States; and upon the approval, by the
Secretary of the Treasury, of the new selection,
under the authority of this act, the original tract
shall ipso facto revert to and become public lands
of the United States.
The second section provides that there shall be
selected, in the manner set forth in the preceding
section, an additional section of land, either as a
whole section, or in any legal subdivisions, for
each township within the said States, and under
their authority, which section is granted by this
bill for the use of schools within such township,
and shall be recorded and conveyed as before
stated.
And the third section provides that the land au-
thorized to be selected and granted by thefirstand
second sections of, or by any preceding acts for
similar purposes, or any part of the same, may
be, by the proper authorities, disposed of in ac-
cordance with the laws now in force in relation to
such lands in each of the States, respectively.
Mr. BORLAND. I propose, for reasons which
I stated just now, to amend the bill by striking
out of the first section all after the enacting clause,
and inserting the second section as I propose to
modify it.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition to mod-
ify the second section will be a separate question.
The question must first be on striking out of the
first section all after the enacting clause.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I now move to amend the
second section of the bill, which becomes the first,
by adding after the word " selected," in the sec-
ond line, what I send to the Chair.
The amendment was read, as follows:
After the word u selected," in the second line, insert:
Either as a whole section, or in any legal subdivisions,
within the same township that may remain subject to sale
by private entry; or should none such remain in the same
township, then the selection may be made in each case
from any land within the limits of the State, subject to sale
by puvute entry, to be entered and recorded at the proper
land office of the district in which the selected laud may
lie, and a proper conveyance made therefor in the usual
form, under the authority of the t/nitcd States; and upon
the approval by the Secretary of the Interior of the new
selection under authoi ity of this act, the original tract shalL
ipso jacto, revert to and become public lands of the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I now move to strike out,
after the amendment just adopted, the words 4t in
the manner set forth in the preceding section,"
these words being unnecessary, as there is no
preceding section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. IJproposeto make a corre-
sponding amendment in what was thethird section
of the bill, but which is now the second. It is to
strike out the words "and second." This is
merely a verbal amendment, and is necessary to
make the bill consistent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. The word "sections," in
the same section, is in the plural number. It
should be in the singular. I move to strike oat
the " s."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I will inquire of the Senator
from Arkansas whether this bill proposes to give
any additional sections to the new States for com-
mon school purposes?
Mr. BORLAND. I will answer the question
of the Senator from Georgia. Some two years
ago this bill passed the Senate in a form similar
to that in which it has been reported by the Com-
