1851.
THE CONGRESSlOKAfc GLOBE.
papers of Sylvanus Burnham were referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
Also, the petition and papers of Zacharia Barber were
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Also, the petition of Samuel Drew, asking interest on
pay due to linn as a soldier in the war of 1812.
Mr. J5RAGG withdrew from the files the petition of the
heirs of Semoice, and referred the same to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
in public meetings and otherwise, have spoken in
terms of rebuke not to be misunderstood, and it
* in senate:
Tuesday, December 16, 1851.
Praygr by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of State, showing
the amount expended from the appropriation for
the expenses of the agent of the Sublime Porte,
and the balance remaining in the Treasury; which
was read. **
Ordered, Thatit be referred to the Committee on Finance
and printed.
IOWA ON THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
'Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Mr. President, it is
with feelings af gratification and pride that I pre-
sent to the Senate certain resolutions, vhich were
adopted by the Legislature of Iowa on the 25th
of January last, hut which did not reach me until
after the adjournment of the last session of Con-
gress. I regard these resolutions as speaking the
true American sentiment upon the question of sla-
very, and the rights and duties of our people under
the Constitution and law^of the land. But to me,
Mr. President, they afford an additional gratifica-
tion, which is, that t-hey are in sentiment an ap-
proval of the course of my colleague and myself
upon that series of measures known as the "Com-
promise." Wc were the only Senators from any
of the free States who were not instructed to vote
for the Wilmot proviso, and its kindred abolition
doctrines. Left to our own judgment, we gave a
cordial and unwavering support to each and every
one of those measures, believing, as I then did
and now do, that we voted on the side of our coun-
try, and for its future welfare and prosperity.
These resolutions, I am very certain, reflect the
sentiments of the Democratic party of Iowa, and
a small portion of the Whigs of that State. The
democracy of Iowa never adopted the Wilmot pro-
viso in any State or even county convention,
and their whole course through that period of fa- i
natical excitement was such as, in my humble judg- j
ment, to commend itself to every lover of the !
Union. I wish I could say as much for my polit- ;
ical opponents in that State, who, through then-
county and State conventions, and presidential
electors, all declared for that proviso, and strove
for its adoption, notwithstanding the attitude as-
sumed by every Southern State upon that question.
And it is due to truth further to say, that some of
these designing and fanatical Whig politicians,
who strove to introduce the poisonous ingredients
of Abolitionism and Free-Soilism into the Legisla-
ture of our State, and ^oted in that body to instruct
their Senators here to go for the Wilmot proviso,
have been rewarded by this Administration by
.appointment to some of the most responsible and
lucrative offices in that State, and that, too, after
the President and the department (Interior) had
been notified, verbally and in writing, as well as
by reference to the journals of the Legislature, (to
which they had access,) of the obnoxious proceed-
ings of those to whom they deemed it proper to
extend their favor and patronage. These attempts
of the Administration to keep in favor with that
class of politicians in Iowa and in other North-
ern States, are, doubtless, unknown to my distin-
guished friend, [Mr. Foote,] who has, within the
past week, been so complimentary to those who
now administer the General Government.
Mr. President, there are, in my opinion, other
acts of gross violation of public duty upon the
part of this Administration. I allude, sir, to their
course towards the people of our country in not
seeing tfcat their rights were protected, and the laws
and treaty stipulations for their benefit fully en-
forced Their management of ourforeign relations
calls condemnation at the hands of other members
of this body, who are more competent to the task,
and who, I hope, will, at the proper time, do so.
I am sure our honorable friend from Mississippi
TMr. Foote! would, were he permitted to remain
with us during the residue of this session. I he
public press—Democratic I mean, not Whig—as
well as the people everywhere, North and South,
appears to me to be the duty of this body, particu-
larly, to hold up .such acts of gross dereliction of
duty to .the scorn of the world. Among these are
to be enumerated the insults offered -to our flag, in
the firing into the Falcon; the arrest of the Prome-
theus; the merciless and inhuman butchery of
fifty untried, unarmed, American .youths; "the
Anglo-Franco guard-a-costa of Cuba;" and the
vindictive cruelty to Thrasher,—not to speak of the
transportation, to the dungeons of Spain, of the one
hundred and fifty American citizens who, like
Thrasher, were condemned upon a mock trial,
thereby adding insult to injury.
I move that the resolution be printed, and laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Eliza C.
Bache, widow of George M. Bache, a lieutenant
in the Navy, praying that she may receive the
same amount that was paid to the widows of those
officers who were lost in the brig Somers; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.^
" Also, the proceedings of a meeting of the citi-
zens of San Diego, California, protesting against
the change proposed to be made in the contract
with the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, by the
substitution of a coasting steamer; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, the petition of officers of the revenue ser-
vice stationed in California, praying an increase of
pay; which was referred to the Committee oil
Finance.
Also, the petition of Joseph Hill and sons, pray-
ing compensation for horses and mules stolen
by the Indians in California; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition of James II. Browning, pray-
ing indemnity for property stolen and destroyed
in California during the war with Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the memorial of James C. Cushing and :
others, representing that they have discovered a j
pass through the greater range of the Sierra Ne- j
vada, and proposing to open a wagon-road upon
certain conditions; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the memorial ofS.
H. Duif, praying compensation for services in
seizing spirituous liquors under an order of Gen-
eral Taylor, during the war with Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial of offi-
cers of the Army serving 111 New Mexico, pray- ^
ing that they may be placed on the same footing m j
regard to pay as the troops serving in California; ,
which was referred to the Committee on Military
i\.fF£iirs
Mr. SHIELDS. i present the memorial of Jose
Maria Jarero, a citizen of Mexico, praying the
payment of a claim of an American citizen against
the Government of Mexico, which was received
by said Jarero in payment of a debt. He repre-
sents himself to be a citizen of Mexico, and a
General in the Mexican service.
Mr. S. As I desire to have this memorial referred
to the Committee of Claims, I should like to have
the attention of the chairman of that committee
moment. The memorialist states, that
the hands of a Mexican previous to" the (late of
the treaty, and being in his hands at ttfe date of
that instrument, it ceased to be an American claim,
and consequently became a Mexicain claim., and
was, therefore, not provided for by th,e treaty. , Jt
should also be observed that the treaty makes tl$e
decision of the Board of Commissioners fijial; arid
that, consequently, this memorialist has no redress
except by application to Congress.
He states, still further, that there are £45,000 <if
the residue of the three millions and a quarter still
unexpended, and that the Governmentof his coun-
try have -requested that tliis amount should be ap-
plied to the payment of this debt. I again begti)
state that the commissioners decided that this clainj
was a just one, and that it was American in its
ongm, American m its character; but that having
been assigned to a Mexican at the date of the
treaty, it ceased to be American and became Mex-
ican; whereas, the petitioner shows'most conclu-
sively that this decision is not within the spirit
and meaning and equity of the treaty.
I move that this memorial, together with the ac-
companying documents, be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
The motion -\vas agreed to.  
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Priscilla
C. Simonds, praying compensation for the effects
of her son, Mosas H. Simonds, who died in ser-
vice, which were taken possession of by his su-
perior officer and lost; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Gvidley
Bryant, proposing to enter into a contract with the
Government for the erection of a permanent light-
house on Minot's Ledge, in Massachusetts bay;
which was referred to" the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
Isaac Lilly, praymg compensation for a vessel and
cargo seized anil sold by an agent of the Govern-
ment, under the erroneous pretext of her having
on board timber cut from the live-oak land of the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of E. Paven-
stedt and F. A. Schumacher, praying the return of
duties paid on goods which were lost at sea; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BRADBURY. I present a memorial of
William T. Johnson and others, publishers of
newspapers in Maine, praying an alteration in the
rates of newspaper postage.
I am requested to call the paiticular attention of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
to a defect in the present postage law. The peti-
tioners do not, by any means, ask to do away
with the system established bv law during the last
session of Congress, but desne that a defect ill
that law may be remedied. They set forth that
they are the publishers of newspapers which are
devoted to the publication, in an extended form>
of the details of legislative proceedings and de^-
bates; that their circulation is largely dependent
upon members-of the Legislature, who purchase
their papers in quantities from time to time foe
distribution among their constituents; that the
present postage law, establishing a high rate upon
transient newspapers and requiring their prepay-
ment, operates very injuriously against that part
of their circulation which is thus derived from
members ot the 1 jegislature; and that then paper
for — -
previous to, the || asT^uid ha^e were this part of the law some,
and munitions of i j
avm'ent of H is thus prevented from having as full a distribution
_i . , : i -X  l.l 1   + !■,;« 1-iQvf nf fl)P Inw
•a debt, a claim
that this claim was for arms
war purchased by the Mexican Minister for his
Government. He further states that the claim
was established in the courts of Mexico, and
admitted by the Mexican Government; that after
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo the Mexican
! Congress decreed that it was one of the claims to ,
I be paid out of the three millions and a quarter j
j'| winch was set apart by the treaty 1 on the Post Office and Post Roads.
i B^aaSSJfiS^SA t *3?! Tl  —- ~
Commissioners for their decision; that theyh^s- j
ion of the Board was adverse, on the groumpmat j
what modified. Undoubtedly, members of the
Legislaturesof other States were similarly situated,
as well as the publishers of other papers.
The memorialists believe that the existing ratea
of postage established in regard to papers sent
from their officeare adequately sufficient, and they
therefore ask that, in this respect, the law may be
mollified.
I move to refer the memorial to the Committee
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a petition of the
late and present land officers at Batesvilie, Arkan-
^   filiate of the m sa-s, praying compensation for services in entering
treaty, b ddb™ S Now this°is the j Untf Jder bo n\y land warrants. A bill having
• r ? i.t.i. r u-1-.t th« attention ( been, reported, it was
point to which I particularly request the attention
of the chairman of that committee, as well as ot i
such of the members as may be present m the s
Senate It was considered avalid American claim
in its origin and character; but having passed into 1
Ordered, That it lie on tlie table.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Samuel
Spalding, praying arrears of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
