1880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
mittee on Public Lands; but it did not pass the*
House of Representatives for want of time; it could
not be got up for consideration. Tt has been re-
cently reported by the Committee on Public Lends;
but the first section, granting the power to ex-
change inferior sixteenth sections for good lands,
has been rendered unnecessary by the general bill
passed a few days since, and has, in consequence,
keen stricken out. The second section, which has
now become the first section, grants a section in
addition to the sixteenth section already granted
to the new States.
I will not now enter into an explanation of the
reasons which make such a grant necessary and
proper to carry out the object which Congress had
m view in making the original grant of one section
in each township in the new States. I suppose
that the Senate is satisfied on that point, as to the
propriety and policy, and justice of the measure—
the necessity, indeed, if we desire to carry out the
original object which Congress had in \ie\v in
making these grants, which was to set apart &uch
a quantity of land in each township in the new
States, as would suffice for the establishment of a
common school in the township.
I will also state, that this additional section has
been granted to Oregon and California, and this
bill simply proposes to put the other States on the
same footing with regard to the public lands do-
nated for schools.
Mr. DAWSON. Then, I understand the
proposition, it is to double the quantity of Kind
which has been already granted to the various new
States for school purposes. That is what I un-
derstand to be the fact. Now, sir, I do not desire
to enter into a discussion upon this subject. I
merely present it as another evidence of the large
claims which the new States are making upon the
old States. From the foundation of the Govern-
ment, or rather from the time that we have ad-
mitted nevv States into the Union, one section in
each township has been allowed for school pur-
poses.
Now, because Oregon and California, for cer-
tain reasons, have been allowed on extension of
this particular kind of grants of land, all the land
States are claiming, in the first place, to have all
the lands which they have heretofore received from
the Government for school purposes, and which
are found not to be worth a dollar and a quarter
per acre, returned to the United States, and the
township permitted to take the very best lands
lying with'n the township for school purposes, 10
supply the place of (he sixteenth section; and
added to that, after we have given them lands fts
good as can be found in the township, we are to
double the amount to all the new States, from
Ohio down to the last State admitted. I meiely
present this statement to show the immense quan-
tity of public land which we are now appropri-
ating to the new States; first for purposes of inter-
nal improvement, and then for purposes of edu-
cation, and 1 beg Senators from the new States to
observe that I tnn not going to oppose this amend-
ment. They claim land, and whenever the claim
is made, we concede to them the amount of land
which they desire.
This bill proposes to double the amount already
given; and all t have to ask is*, that whenever the
question of the right of th;> old thirteen States r-Loii
come up, and they ask some portion of the I.Md,
they shall be respected. J can see no of
constitutionality in tn honest and equal ihsu'ibu-
tion of the public lands among the Stales, either in
kind or in a div^ou of the proceeds. I see no
ground left for 1 U* now Stales to charge ta<: uld
States with a want ol li .'■Tiilitv, and I ih^m
seriously to take into '**o sidorraion the bill" wh.ch
is called Bcv\xrr\ hill, fur diwdi.ig fX umu'A por-
tion of the public lands n Hi o Mg th.?o!d Sr.i^s which
have been worn out in the production of the menus
of sustaining a large population and raising men
to manhood, and after exhausting the soil, bos
sent them off into new lands, there to " flourish
like a ereen bay tree/'ftot merely by the force
and effect of then* own labor, but by the kindness,
indulgence, and liberality of the Gc^'nnnent of
VSlted S,tates* Now> as Ae parenis of
new States have become old, infirm, and ex-
haust, will they who have gone from our midst
claim everything, and deny to us simple justice >
Can you turn round and bring us back' to the
°la question of the unconstitutionality of the dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the public lands, or its !
division in kind? I trust, Mr. President, that will
not be done. "Whenever a proposition of this
kind is brought before the Senate I can see, Mr.
President, by your own expression of countenance,
that it is not likely to injure the State of Alabama.
This will not injure any of the new States. You
are benefited by it. And though the general
wealth throughout the country is superior to that
of my own State, and though you have the means
of sustaining internal improvements, and educa-
ting your children far superior to ours, yet you
call upon us to contribute funds for that educa-
tional purpose. And when we ask you to aid
those who are so impoverished in the old States
as to be without the means of the education of
their children, and to give them some portion of
this fund, you pronounce it unconstitutional.
Here is a time for reflection, a time for us all to
consider, and for the people throughout these
United States to take this great question into their
own hands and manage it. I have ceaSed to make
any opposition to these schemes of the new States.
[ know they will all succeed until they carry all
their requisitions upon the Government to such an
extravagant extent as to create an excitement
among the people. And, in order to prevent that,
i beg to present this as a sound argument in favor
of Bennett's bill.
Mr. BORLAND. As I said, I do not wish
to enter into an argument respecting the merits of
this bill. 1 have been under the impression until
this morning that it meets with the approval of
the Senate, and will meet with the approval of
the country; and I am glad that the Senator
from Georgia has expressed his intention not to
oppose it. When the Bennett bill, to which
that Senator has alluded, comes up, it will be soon
enough to discuss its provisions. If that bill has
merits, its friends will then set them forth; if not,
they will allow it to take its chance. As the Sen-
ator admits the merits of the present bill, and no
one is disposed seriously to question its provisions,
it will, I trust, be voted on without occupying the
time of the Senate by any further discussion.
Mr. DAWSON, f do not wish to be misun-
derstood by the Senator from Arkansas placing
me in a position that I did not advance. I did not
oppose the bill, because it would be useless to do
so, but I would advocate it if it extended a simi-
lar meed of justice to all the States, and would
put it out of the power of the new States to deny
henceforth the claims of the old States whenever
they may come up for consideration.
1 make no opposition to the bill, for the reasons
X have just stated. That is the ground upon which
I put it.
The bill as amended was reported to the Senate,
the amendments were concurred in, and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
SAULT STE. MARIE.
On motion by Mr. PELCH, the Senate pro-
ceeded , as in Committee of the Whole, to the con-
sideration of the bill granting to the State of
Michigan the right of way and a donation of pub-
lic lands for the construction of a ship canal
around the Falls of St. Mary's, in said State,
which was reported from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands* with an amendment.
Mr. FELCH. I gave notice the other day
rhdtwhen this bill should be called up, I should
propose an amendment in the form of a substi-
tute for it. The bill provides for a grant of land
for the purpose of constructing the canal. The
amendment which I shall offer proposes to con-
struct it as a public work by the United States,
and to have the use of money instead of land. As
the object of the bill is somewhat changed, and
the amendment which I propose is a substitute
for it, it may not be necessary to read the original
bill until we act on the substitute. Unless some
Senator wishes to have the bill read, I move to
suspend the reading of it, and propose, as an
amendment, to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert the following in lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
i ss*d and directed to contract with the lowest bidder or bid-
after public notice given in the usual manner for let-
ting contracts, for the construction of a ship canal around
the Falls of rft. Mary's, in the State of Michigan ; which
Sipil be not Jess than one hundred feet wide and
twelve 4eeP> Wlth single Jocks not Jess than three hun-
dred and fifty Jong and seventy-five feet wide, with
such piers and other ^fSurtenances as shall, in the opinion
of said Secretary, be required for the safe and proper use of
said canal: Provided, That said £*cretary may entennto
separate contracts for such d liferent poru?QS of the work in
constructing said canal as he shall deem conducive to the
public interest, and the aggregate amount of all said con-
tracts shall not exceed $400,000, which shall be paid to the
contractor or contractors as the vvoik pi ogresses, reserving
always a sum equal to twenty per centum on the amount
of work performed until the whoie be completed : JlnApro-
vided further^ That the contractor or contractors shall per-
form the work under such instructions and superintendence
as the said Secretary shall doom neee^as y and proper to
secure the faithful execution of the contract*, and shall
give such ample security for the prrtormance thereofas he
shall direct and approve : proiidedfurther, That such
contractor or contractors shall have the right of taking from
any of the lands of the United States stone and other mate-
rials for the construcuon of taid canal and its appurts-
nance3.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I desire to pay a
few words on the subject of this bill, and I will
detain the Senate but a little while, for I believe it
is pretty well understood. The Senate are aware
of the relative position of the great lakes of our
continent; that they constitute three plateaus; the
principal one—Lake Superior—having an eleva-
tion of six hundred feet above the ocean; the sec-
ond plateau, including Lakes Erie, Huron, and
Michigan—I call them one, for, though they are
not strictly on a level, yet there is a permanent
water communication between them—and Lake
Ontario. Between the last and Lake Erie there is
a difference of about three hundred and fifty feel.
That is now overcome by the Welland canal, a
work constructed on the British side, by the Brit-
ish Government, by means of which the upper
and lower lakes, except Lake Superior, are now
in communication, for the purpose of navigation.
Between the middle plateau and Lake Superior are
falls of about thirty, or, perhaps, thirty-five feet,
including the rapids, leaving, however, the fall of
St. Mary. We desire to overcome, by this com-
munication, the falls of about thirty "feet. The
consequence of this want of communication is, that
between Lake Superiorand Lake Huron there is no
transit of articles going up and down. The com-
munication must stop, and a different class of ves-
sels must be provided for on the upper lake. It is,
as the Senate may well see, a very grert interrup-
tion, and a very -Teat expense to the navigation,
that the business of the upper and lower lakes
lmve to encounter.
Here is an extent of water of nearly fifteen
hundred miles, and a coast of nearly live thousand
miles, including these five great hikes, covering a
superficies of nearly eighty thousand miles, one
of the most magnificent regions in the world.
With Lake Superior we are just beginning to be
well acquainted. Until lately it was supposed that
the land was not worth anything, it is now as-
certained that it affords a valuable means of" agri-
culture, besides being one of the richest mi nera!
districts in the world. I presume all the members
of the Senate have looked over Whitney & Fos-
ter's report. From it they will see that the cop-
per and iron are inexhaustable treasures, enough
to supply the whole world. Copper is found
there in native masses in prodigious sizes, un-
known everywhere else in the world; and the iron
is found in such quantity as lias never he en f-Miri'l
elsewhere; and there is enough of it to supply the
whole world. The iron alone is a mineral treas-
ure for any country; and what will perhaps sur-
prise some gentlemen, they will see by referring
to that report—and many Senators know that the
iron is perhaps richer than any other in the world
—that one ton and a half of ore gives one ton of
bloom iron. Itisamoii^tae ■'ichejt mineral treas-
ures we have. That re;:ion is g.-ow:/;g to be vastly
important. The United S'a'es (two upon it. I
have ascertained from the Land O^ce,
millions of acres of land, ana the commi'mcnuou
between woi^h r nd the ocean must be by Lak-
Superior. They own in the upper peninsula of
Michigan ten millions of acres; of which have
been sold short of two hundred thousand acres,
and been granted for school purposes .short of
three hundred thousand acres, leaviP? withir. that
upper peninsula, now the property of the f7nnc«i
States, among the richest mineral di;rricts in the
world, nearly ten millions of acres.
Now, Mr. President, no gentleman here will
deny the expediency, almost the necessity, of
having a canal, to overcome these disadvantages,
of only three quarters of a mile, and only a fall of
twenty-live feet. As to any constitutional diffi-
culty, there is none whatever. Every foot of this
proposed canal is to be overthe public lands. The
United States have nothing to do butdig the canal
through their own land, without asking the per-
