104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
Also, the petition of Jacob Young, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, a memorial of citizens of"Washington,
praying an appropriation for the erection of an
equestrian statue of Washington under the reso-
lution o# Congress of 1783; which was referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented resolutions adopt-
ed at a meeting of citizens of Westfield, Indiana,
recommending that the sale of the public lands be
discontinued, and that they be granted in limited
quantities to the citizens of the United States with
families; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
Isaac Bush, John Price, and Thomas Suarez,
praying compensation for themselves and the offi-
cers and men under their command during the
Seminole war in Florida; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered> That the documents on the files of the Senate
.relating to the chum of B. Juan Domercq, a Spanish sub-
ject, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of G. Thomas Howard, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Samuel Crapm, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of L. E. L. A. Lawson,
heir of General Eleazer W. Ripley, on the tiles of the Sen-
ate, be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mv. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Phebc Glover, on the files
of the Senate, he lelerred to the Committee on Pensions.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice of his intention to ask ,
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Charles !
A. Kellet, _ j
Also, a bill for the relief of Enoch Baldwin.
Mr. FELCH gave notice of his intention to ask !
leave to introduce a bill to revise and continue m |
force for a limited time the provisions of an act 1
relative to .suspended entries of public land. }
Also, a bill to authorize the State of Illinois to
select the balance of the lands to which she is en-
titled under the act of 2d March, 1827, granting
lands to aid that State in opening a canal to con-
nect the waters of the Illinois river with those of
Lake Michigan.
Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill to extinguish
the individual stocl^ in the Louisville and Portland
Canal, in order to make the navigation free and
to enlarge it.
Mr. JAMEvS g;ive notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution authorizing
the President of the United States to appoint a com-
mittee of practical scientific men, to make a series
of practical" experiments for the purpose ofascer- (
Gaining if possible the cause or causes of the ex-
plosion of steam boilers.
PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Revolved, That after the fitst day of Januaty next, Fri-
days of (Mch week shall bo set aside for the consideration
of'private claim-*, and that on those days private bill* have
priority over all othei bu&inee*.
REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition, reported
a bill authorizing Victor Morass to relinquish cer-
tain lands, and to enter the same quantity else-
where: which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
lie submitted a report on the subject, which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill for the relief of Charles Melrose,
reported it without amendment.
He also submitted a report on the subject, which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill to extend the time for select-
ins: lands grained to the State of Wisconsin for
saline purposes, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill to extend the time for select-
ing lands granted to the State of Michigan for
saline purposes, reported it without amendment.
SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the joint resolution in
relation to printing the Seventh Census, reported
it without amendment, as follows:
Be it resolved, #c., That the Joint Committee on Printing
be directed to contract with Donaldson & Armstrong for
printing the census returns, upon such terms as they may
deem reasonable.
Mr. BRIGHT asked that the resolution might
be considered at this time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let it lie over.
The resolution was passed over accordingly.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HUNTER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill to pro-
vide for the compensation of such persons as may
be designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
to receive and keep the public moneys, under the
15th section of the act of August 6, 1846, for the
additional services required under that act; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DOWNS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the
relief of William parley; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the further consideiation thereof be post-
poned to Monday next, and be the special order of that
day.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, agreeably to previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill to
provide for the repair and improvement of the dam
at the head of Cumberland Island, in the Ohio
river; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and considered as m Committee of the
Whole.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was
Ordered. That it he on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill to provide
more effectually for overcoming the obstructions
to the navigation of the Ohio river at the falls
thereof; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, agreeably to previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill
to grant to the city of Burlington, in Iowa, the
land heretofore reserved between that city and the
Mississippi river; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. BRADBURY, agreeably to previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill to
provide for the ascertainment and satisfaction of
claims of American citizens for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to 31st July, 1851;
winch was read a first and second time by its
title.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, it was
Ordered, That it be lelerred to a select committee con-
sisting of hve members, to be appointed by the President.
Mr. Bradbury, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bright, Mr.
Downs, and Mr. Felcii were appointed the com-
mittee.
TONNAGE DUTIES.
Mr. MALLORY, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill to re-
; peal the act entitled " An act concerning tonnage
duty on Spanish vessels;" which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
CALIFORNIA BRANCH MINT.
The engrossed bill to establish a branch of the
Mint of/the United States in California, was read
the thjrd time and passed.
V/ WELCOME TO KOSSUTH.
Mr, SHIELDS. I move to take up a resolu-
tion which I moved to lay on the table the other
day. The resolution proposes the appointment of
a committee of three to introduce Louis Kossuth
to the Senate. I presume that, after what has taken
place, both here and in the other House, there
will now be no opposition to the resolution.
Mr, PRATT. I should like to have the resolu-
tion read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed by tho
Chair to wait upon Louis Kossuth, Governor of Hungary 3
and introduce him to the Senate.
Mr. GrWIN. I would be much gratified if the
Senator from Illinois would withdraw his motion
for a few moments, so as to permit a bill to be read
a third time. I feel pretty well assured that there
will be debate on the resolution of the Senator from
Illinois—the Senator from Wisconsin amongst
others "yill debate it—and it will not take one
minute to have the bill I have mentioned read a
third time. If there were not likely to be debate
on this resolution I would not ask the Senator to
give way.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to call up this resolu-
tion' because I think that under existing circum-
stances it should now be acted upon. If it is likely
to create any debate it can be laid over. But after
the action that has already been had upon the
subject I cannot imagine that it will generate de-
bate. I think the question has been as much
debated already as is desirable, and I am also in-
clined to believe that the Senate generally concur
in that opinion.
Mr. BADGER. It seems to me that the ques-
tion with regard to this resolution occupies a- dif-
ferent position from that which it occupied on the
joint resolution. I entertain now precisely the
same opinions which I entertained prior to the pas-
sage of that resolution—opinions which I have
already expressed to the Senate. But, by an un-
common unanimity in both branches of Congress,
Kossuth has been recognized as the guest of the
1 nation. This has been done no doubt upon the
supposition that the joint resolution would be
approved by the President of the United States, ©f
which there can be no doubt; and the question
now is, Being, by the action of the constituted
authorities, such guest of the nation, is it proper
that this resolution should be taken up and passed ?
That point being settled I shall make no vexatious
opposition to the proceeding.
Mr. BORLAND. It seems to me that the ac-
tion of the Senate, so far as this resolution is con-
cerned, has settled the question, unless a change
takes place in the minds of the Senators. This
resolution was a material part of the resolution
which was rejected the other day, and which was
offered as an amendment to the resolution of the
Senator from New York.
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order to dis-
cuss the resolution until it is taken up.
Mr. BORLAND. That is the reason why I
think it cannot be taken up, being part of the
resolution of the Senator from New York; and
that resolution was the same in substance as the
resolution of the Senator from Illinois, with the
exception of this portion which it is now proposed
to revive.
The question was then taken on the motion to
take up the resolution, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. ATCHISON. I would like to know the
effect of that resolution before I vote. If this
committee shall be appointed, I suppose they will
proceed to New York, or wheresoever Kossuth
may be, for the purpose of bringing him to Wash-
ington and introducing him to the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 will amend it by saying
" on his arrival in the capital."
No objection being made, the resolution was so
amended.
i Mr. WALKER. Mr. President: Notwith^
I standing it has been announced by the mover of
1 this resolution that it has been discussed suffi-
ciently, I ask the attention of the Senate for some
j ten or fifteen minutes, that I may express my
1 views upon the subject. It is true that the reso-
lution has been discussed, but my views have
not been expressed. Differing so widely in some
respects from some who have spoken, I have been
particular in maturing my own views, aifd I shall
be particular in expressing them to the Senate.
The present occasion and the subject of pres-
ent discussion, are more momentous and of deeper
import than the eye or the mind will readily dis-
cover without careful examination and deep reflec-
tion. They merit this examination and reflection;
and from me they have and shall receive them—
not, however, from considerations of mere eti-
quette—of what is due to Governor Kossuth as a
