1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man or a patriot, or to the Senate, as regards its
dignity; but from considerations of a far deeper,
broader, and more sacred character—-sach as con^
cern the happiness, security, and duty of our Re-
public.
When the question was taken upon the resolu-
tion to welcome Governor Kossuth to the capi-
tal and country, I voted for it, as I shall for that
now under consideration; but for very different
reasons, and from very differentmotives from any
that T have heard expressed in the Senate. I did
and shall do so, not as a mere personal compli-
ment to Governor Kossuth, (great and preeminent
as I concede and claim his merits, to be;) for this,
I infer, he did not and does not desire. The pur-
pose of his mission and his life has a far higher
and more noble end and aim. NordidI,nor shall
I vote on this subject for the purpose of rendering
mere vocal tribute to his political creed, princi-
ples, or character. This can be better done by the
people in their spontaneous plaudits, responsive to
nis sentiments. Indeed, sir, if these had been and
were the only reasons which my mind could urge
upon the subject, I should have voted against the
former, and would vote against the present resolu-
lution. I am averse to all personal adulation, in-
tended merely as such, and where no practical
good is intended or can result. I mistake Gov-
ernor Kossuth's republican principles if he do not
entertain similar sentiments. Nor yet, sir, have
I voted, nor shall I vote for these resolutions be-
cause I can see in their consequences no change in
our neutral policy, but for the very reverse. I ad-
vocate them because I think I discover in them the
initiatory step toward the abandonment of our now
-.impolitic, unwise, and unjust system of neutrality.
Let no one do himself the injustice, or me the
false charity, to suppbse that tKis is a conclusion
or determination to which I have hastily sprung.
Far from it, sir. I nave long desired to see our
neutral policy abandoned or overthrown; and I
hail the events of the present hour, as lmppy omens
of a speedy consummation of my wishes.
I contend, Mr. President, that what was our
policy in our infancy and weakness, has ceased
to be our true policy now that we have reached
to manhood and strength. And I deny, what is
so often asserted, that either Washington or any
of the founders of the Republic, ever recom-
mended that the neutral policy of our early days
should becomc an established piiivnple, to govern
the conduct of the country in the days of its ma-
turity and powpr.
As a period and condition of human existence,
infant weakness is naturally timid, and in-
stinctively cautious. It ranges only within the
walks of security and home; is governed by its
wants or necessities—without the power of ad-
venture to supply or gratify even these. It may
look on with tears, commiseration, and pity, at a
cruel imposition or infliction upon its fellow and
infant associate; but it can neither resent the
wrong nor defend against it—it can only stand
careful and trembling for its own security. Strike
it cannot—to interpose would be futile and dan-
gerous. But when arrived at manhood, the same
course of conduct would merit and receive the hiss
of scorn, and stamp the wretch a coward and pol-
troon. It would also render his position insecure,
by inviting insult and aggression.
So it was, so it is, and so it will be, with our
Government and country. When we had but just
struggled into infant existence, we could manifest
commiseration and pity only, when we saw the
feeble breast of our sister, Poland, mangled by the
iron heel of despotism, and her substance divided,
and her name blotted out by tyrants. But now,
when matured and strong, shall we supinely and
timidly look on, and see all the morals, justice,
and principles of international law violated, without
interposing? The law of nations, under that of
the Creator, is the law of the civilized world—is
as binding upon despots as upon republicans, and
republics are as much interested in its maintenance
as monarchies, or despotisms, and have more
right to interpose to defend and maintain it, than
they to violate and destroy it. And what princi-
ple or rule of that law should be more dear to
America, than that which secures-the right of the
masses to rise and throw off the yoke of oppres-
sion through the medium of revolution, and this,
too, in a fair and single-handed contest with the
oppressor? Rut, while this principle is thus dear
and'important to our country and the cause of
liberty, shall we never raise our voice or hand to
defend or sustain it, but erase and expunge it, by
conceding the right of despots to perpetually vio-
late it? Shall another Poland be stricken from
nationality and independence, to non-entity and
oblivion, fey a triple European despotism ? Shall
Italy again, while able, willing, and striving to
stand erect and free against her native oppressor,
be stricken down, bleeding, and more enslaved, at
the feet of tyrannic France and Austria? Or shall
Hungary, struggling alone and friendless against
the tyranny of Austria, with victory and triumph
already perching upon her republican standard, be
again trampled to the dust—enslaved and chained
by intermeddling Russia? and all this without a
murmur or a blow from the land of Washington
and Franklin? God forbid! Yet, address these
questions to some Senators, whose heads have
whitened in the service and battle of conservatism,
and they will answer, Yes; but I address them to
the manly hearts of the American people, and the
answer will be one universal and indignant, No!
Never !
Sir, our strength no longer consists in a policy
so criminally neutral. It did so in the beginning,
only because the success of our experiment was
distrusted by the people of all countries; and w^
could gain no sympathy by showing sympathy
with others. But our success is no longer proble-
matic, nor the permanency of our Government and
institutions doubted by any. Republican spirits,
in every clime, feel joy in our triumph, and are
enlisted for our defence and protection. Their
hopes run high to imitate our example; and they
feel those hopes would be forever blasted by our
downfall. If we now discharge aright our high
mission, by sympathizing with them in their
struggle, and danger should assail us, they will
feel our cause to be their own; and whatever soil
they may tread, will be made a recruiting station
in our defence. The next army that invades our
country will come to fight our battles, and not to
crush our liberties. With us, the day of conflict
with mercenaries will have passed; and armies of
invasion will have become but organized armies
ol immigration, seeking a hearthstone and a home
among us, to be enjoyed and defended in common
with our own. Sir, if you deem me visionary,
or : ver-sanguine in these opinions and hopes, pray
tel me where you would find the Hungarian, the
German, the Irishman, the Briton, Frank, or
Swede, who would wield the sword or bear the
standard of a despot upon our shores, and against
our country and republic? You could not more
gravely insult the millions of these braves amongst
us, than by asking them if they would do so.
Yet, sir, they are but the representative few of
countless hosts left behind,'actuated by a similar
spirit. The situation of a Haynau, commanding
an army of these in America, would soon be for-
lorn and pitiable indeed. The treatment of the
English brewers would be mercy and hospitality
itself, compared to that he.would receive here, at
the hands of his own troops.
But, sir, seal or lock up the stores of your sym-
pathy—suffer the spirit of liberty to struggle,
bleed, and expire alone in its unequal conflict
with intruding despots, and you cut the sympa-
thetic chord that binds the freedom-loving world
to your cause; you consolidate despotism, and at
length, when it shall turn upon you, as the last
survivor of republicanism, you, too, must strug-
gle, bleed, and fall alone. No friendly heart or hand
will be left to sympathize or strike in your cause
or your defence.
This, sir, must be the result at lasl, if we con-
tinue our present policy. No one can believe, that,
with the present and growing intelligence of the
world, despotisms and republics can much longer
occupy the earth together. The flame of conflict
is already kindled; the blood of one or the other
must quench it. Between the spirits of the two
political existences, there can be no compromise;
one or the other must quit the world. In the
struggle we cannot remain neutral if we would—
and it is useless longer to disguise the fact. For
one, I throw off all disguise. I am for the cause
of liberty and free Government, against slavery
and despotism, throughout the globe—and this
without disguise.
Far be it from me, however, to recommend or
advocate the policy of predatory or aggressive
warfare, or warfare for conquest. I will go as far
as the most pacific against all interference in the
internal polity or concerns of other.nations.- But
I take aud maintain a wide distinction between' tire
internal concerns of nations, and international con-
cerns. While Russia or Austria is content under
a monarchy or despotism, or so Idng as the mon-
arch or despot can, within himself, or with his
own resources, maintain his authority and power,.
be it so—let him alone. This is a matter of inter- '
nal concern to the nation, and she has therightjo
be let alone. I would protest against the interfer-
ence of our own or -any other country as a Gov-
ernment. But when the people of either rise up
and seek to throw off the yoke, or break the chain-
that galls them, and the other would interfere to
prevent them, this becomes an international con
cern—an affair between nations; and involves a
breach of the law and morals of nations, in which
we become an interested party with all other na-
tions. Against such interference 1 would not only
have our country protest, but I would have her
interpose both her moi%al and physical power, whether
in conjunction with England or alone. In this
case we have the right to interpose, and I contend
that justice, as well as our interest and security,
makes it our duty to interpose.
Sir, peace is beautiful and holy when it can be
justly and honorably maintained; but war, with
all its tragedy and blood, is less to be dreaded
than dishonorable or " ignoble peace;"—peace at
the expense of peace, justice, liberty, and the
rights of man. In the case supposea, even war
on our part, against intervention, would be sacred
to the cause of peace. It would be necessary in
order to conquer conflict, establish peace, and de-
fend the right. Without our interposition, there
would not be peace, but wrongful war; and we,
too, a party to the wrong by acquiescence. As a
friend and advocate of peace, as well as of na-^
tional morality and national law, I would recom-
mend icar m such an extremity, when merely
moral means had proved unavailing. Nor would
I delay or wait for the cooperation of England—
though I am not one of those who would "decline
it. An alliance for such an occasion would not
conflict with the policy or advice of Washington,
lie never condemned alliances temporary and
for the occasion. He only declared that "it is
your policy to steer clear of peiinanent alliances."
He did not even recommend that this "policy"
should be permanent and perpetual; but for such
time only as would enable you "to £ain time to
4 your country to settle and mature its institutions,
4 and to progress without interruption to that de-
' gree of strength and consistency which is ne-
' cessary to give it the command of its own for-
4 tunes."
I believe that such time has been gained, and
that our country has reached the required condi-
tion; and so far from condemning and declining
the occasional cooperation of other countries in
such a cause, I would approve and accept it, as I
would, indeed, invite it.
Mr. President, of two things I feel certain: first,
that the spii'it of Russian absolutism, unless pre-
vented by the interposition of constitutional gov-
ernments, will triumph and prevail in Europe, and'
ultimately turn upon liberty here and elsewhere;
and, second, that the only Powers on the broad
; face of God's earth which can interpose and pre-
! vent it, are the United States and England. Sep- -
] aratelyor in concert,then, we impact or or>
; if not fall, must ultimately suffer and Weed to a
: degree of depletion tenfold that which our timely
| interposition would cause.
Sir, the portents of the hour are momentous in-
deed; and 1 fear are too dimly seen, or not at all,
: by the Senate and the country. With no enemy
i afield, despotic Europe is trembling under the
i sullen tread ofa conscript soldiery; while gloomy
, Apprehension sits a joint occupant of the throne
1 of monarchy. Why is this so ? It is that amur-
: mur of discontent—suppressed and low indeed,
i yet determined and universal—isheard to rise from
j the oppressed and down-trodden millions;'and be-
! cause monerchs see and know that occasion only
! is awaited by these millions, to rise and strike a
! more universal, terrible, and determined blow than
ever yet was struck, for self-emancipation, self-
I government, and freedom They see, also, that
such an occasion will offer in the approaching
i' struggle for the French Presidency. Princes, on
Si the one hand, are looking to the Czar of Russia
jj to bear them safely through; while the republican
I! masses, on the other, are looking with 1
