Mm
THE 4D0NOEESSMMCAL .GLOBE.''
Be®, 16,
eyes to America and England.' Shall we turn
coldly away, and leave tyranny to riot in its crim-
son orgies, and to raise its shout of ti'iumph over
the rights of nations and mankind ? or shall we
interpose, and interpose now, to prevent it, and
to staunch the flow of human blood ? For one,
,by all the sacred promptings of the human heart,
I am for the latter! 1 would now, or before an-
other moon had waned, throw patent to the world
a declaration that hereafter the practice, if not the
policy of nations, must be " hands off," or nan-
intervention in the internal concerns or revolutions of
other nations; and this declaration I would make
good, too, when occasion should demand, by the
blood and treasure of the land. But with such a
declaration, the occasion would never arise: we
would have no occasion to shed the one or to ex-
pend the other. The.se, sir, are the views which
I entertain. I speak for no one but myself; but I
should speak as I have though I knew T stood
alone. I neither ask nor expect commendation
from this Senate—it is not for its commendation
that I speak or think in matters of political import,
but for the approval of my own heart, and for the
promotion of right and justice, with the best inter-
ests of the Republic.
These being my views, I have all along regretted
to hear Senators, while advocating these resolu-
tions, so careful to disavow any meaning in them,
or, in other words, to hear them declare, in effect,
that they designed nothing tangible or practical;
and yet, at the same time, profess the highest de-
votion to the cause of liberty, and the deepest
sympathy for struggling and oppressed humanity.
If our devotion and sympathy lie no deeper than
the lip, they will be but little consolatory to Kos-
suth or to Hungary. To prove that they he no
deeper,! would advise that,when we meet the
country's guest, and extend to him the right hand
in fellowship, we offer him with the left our act of
neutrality; and declare to him that it is a fixed, un-
alterable law of the land. From that* he may read:
Sec. J. Be U enacted, That if nuy citizen of the
ITnjtojl States aiialt, within the territory and juiisdietton
tileioof, auropt aiul exorcise a commission to serve a for-
eign punce, $niu\ oolunv, dNtnct, or people, in wai,hy
land or by tfpa, against any piiiH-e, staff, oniony, distnct,
or people, with whom the United Suites are at p^aee, the
person so ofiending shall be deemed guilt} cm a Inszh uiHde-
nicd'ioi, ami -hall be timid not moie than .^,000, and shall
be imprisoned not exceeding three veatrf.
Hrcc. .* « Jh\A be it futther enacted. That if any person
shall, witlnn the limits of the United States, lit out and
aim, or attempt to Jit out and aim, or procure to be fitted
out and armed, or shall knowingly be concerned m the Jui-
niRlung, fitting out, or armui« 01 any ship or vessel, with
intent that such -hip or vessel shall b« employed in the ser-
vice of any foici n pinice or state, or of anv colony, dis-
trict, or people, to oimse or commit hostilities agawntlie
subjects, citizens, orpropeity ol any loiolgn piince or sute,
or of any colony, district or people, with whom the United
Slates are at peace, oi shall is-mc or dehvei a commission
within the teiutoiv or jurisdiction of the United States, toi
an), ship oi vessel, to the intent that may be employed
as aforesaid, eveiy p°r.-on so oilbndiue shall he deemed
£!ii!t\ of a lu<rh misdemeanor, and shafl be fined not more
than <'10,000, and nnpusoncd not more than three years.
&c.
From this, Kossuth will learn that lip-devotees
to liberty in the United States, punish practical
devotees as malefactors and criminals.
Sir, I repeat that if I had nothing but words to
render ill the service of Hungarian freedom, I
would be silent. 13ut I have more: I will not only
speak for it, but I will vote for it—write for it;
and when occasion shall demand, under the smile
of Heaven, I will fight for it. So would others
who have spoken with so much seeming caution—
and they might as well avow the fact. They do
no good by their mental reservations—let them
speak out, and act. Then Kossuth will have re-
ceived a compliment, sublime indeed—a compli-
ment of the means to triumph in the cause of lib-
erty, and Hungary will be free.
Mr. BADGER. There is one thing in that
resolution to which I wish to call the attention of
ray honorable fiiend from Illinois, [Mr. Shields.]
The resolution styles Louis Kossuth, "Governor
of Hungary. ' I hat, 1 suppose, must be intended
to assert tiie fact that he is Governor in reality or
Governor m right. I suggest to my friend that
he does not mean to make any suc.h assertion.
And suiely it cannot be necessary to make known
who Louis Kossuth is, to add as a description
beyond his name the words, "Governor of Hun-
gary." I would suggest, also, to the Senator,
that the phraseology of the joint resolution which
has passed both the Senate and the House differ
from this. He is there designated as Louis Kos-
suth. If he was sufficiently known and described
by that name there, is it necessary or proper to
assert a different description here?
Mr. SHIELDS. I had no object in view, ex-
cept to make it conform to the language of the
President's message. 1 do not waiit to cavil about
it. -I think he is called Governor ill the message.
We are accustomed in this country, when a man
has held an office,®to continue calling him by the
title which he had while in that office. I do not
think it amounts to much. Some honor me, by
calling me " General," though 1 am no General
now. And we have Governors and Generals all
over the country. However, I am willing to make
it conform to the exact language of the President's
message, whatever that may be, because I regard
that as a kind of committal by the Executive, the
representative of the nation, and I wish to go on
as he commenced.
Mr. BADGER. I shall not move any amend-
ment to the resolution. The Senator can shape it
as he pleases. But I would submit to my friend,
that when, in the joint resolution, which is the act
of both Houses and is of the nature of a law, this
gentleman is named by his Christian and surname
only, and as this proceeding of the Senate is in-
tended to follow out what has been done by that
joint resolution, that it is the resolution which We
are to follow, and not the incidental expression in
the President's message. This resolution styles
him " Louis Kossuth, Governor of Hungary. I
admit that ill common conversation, in addressing
the honorable Senator from Illinois, we call him
" General Shields;" but I submit that no formal
paper in the world would now describe him as
"James Shields, Brigadier General."
Mr. SHIELDS. X will read the language of
the President's message. 1 hope my honorable
friend front North Carolina will not regard it as a
mere incidental expression, or as a trivial docu-
ment. " The instruction above referred to was
complied with, and the Turkish Government
having released Governor Kossuth," &c. " Gov-
ernor Kossuth." I am willing to make the reso-
lution conform to that.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Illinois
proposes to strike out " Governor of Hungary,"
and insert previous to the name " Louis Kos-
suth," the woul *' Governoi," so that it will read
" Governor Louis Kossuth."
Mr. HALE. The President, when he first
mentioned this matter, simply calls the gentleman
Louis Kossuth," audi think that is a better
title than any we can put on him. Governors are
very cheap. There are a good many of them.
There is but one Louis Kossuth, and I think
" Louis Kossuth" sounds better than " Governor
Kossuth," or " Squire Kossuth," or any other
title.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It would not add any im-
portance. to it, unless an objection were taken to it.
Then, it' we should strike it out, it might be sig-
nificant. Ifit be necessary to express the proper
idea, 1 presume the addition of one word will ac-
complish it—we niiarht say " Louis Kossuth, the
rightful Governor." If he be not the Governor
de facto, if he is not 111 the exercise of the power
belonging to that station, I apprehend there can
be no question that he is the rightful Governor
of Hungary, although ejected from Hungary for
the time being. I would suggest the insertion of
the word " rightful."
Mr. HALE. Before the question is taken on
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Shields,] I desire to read a single extract from the
President's message, in which he refers to the res-
olution passed last session. He says; " On the
1 third of March last, both Houses of Congress
' passed a resolution requesting the President to
' authorize the employment of a public vessel to
' convey to this country Louis Kossuth and his
' associates in captivity." That is the President's
message. Reference is there had to what Con-
gress had formerly done, and I suppose that the
same words are used. If the Senator would make
the resolution read literally correct, I suppose it
would be " Louis Kossuth aforesaid;" but 1 pre-
sume he will not do that. It will be better to let
it stand as it stood originally. It is a better title
than any we can give him.
The question being taken on the part of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Shields,] to strike out " Governor of Hun-
gary," it was agreed to.
The latter part of the amendment to insert the
word " Governor " before " Louis Kossuth," was
not agreed to.
The question was then on the resolution as
amended.
Mr. MASON. I do not doubt that the very
distinguished gentleman for whom this honor is
intended, is thepatriot whom he has been described
to be- by Senators on this floor; and that he is wor-
thy of the honors which have been heaped upon
him by the people of America. When the vote
was taken upon the resolution of welcome to him,
I was not here, or I should have voted for it
cheerfully. ■ But I am not prepared to extend the
distinguished honor of a reception by the Senate,
to thatg-entleman—an honor which has never been,
I believe, conferred upon a citizen of American.
It has been conferred only upon Genera! Lafay-
ette, who had been identified with the most trying
scenes of our revolutionary struggles.
It is not, therefore, for any purpose of detract-
ing from the merits of the gentleman to whom
this honor is proposed to be extended, that I have
desired thus to place myself right in the vote
I shall give. I have another reason, sir. So far
as 1 understand it, his avowed mission to the Uni-
ted States of America is to endeavor to induce this
Government to depart from our long-established
policy in relation to'foreign nations. It may be
that if this peculiar reception be given him by the
Senate, it may be construed into some disposition
on the part of the Senate to accredit him on hia
mission.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a suggestion ? I have interfered
with the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Rhett,] believing that this would occasion no de-
bate.
Mr. MASON. I have finished what I had to
say.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SHIELDS. Oh! no. It will be a much
higher compliment to pass it without the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 30,
nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Brodllead, Cass,
Chase, O'latke, Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Felch, Fish, Foote of Mississippi, Foot of
Vermont, Geyer, (xwm, HaiuJin, Houston, James, Jones
of Iowa, Miller, Norris, Seward, Shields, Smith, Stockton,
Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Whitcomb—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Borland, Butler, Clemens,
Dawson, Hunter, Jones of Tennosee, King, Mason, Mor-
ton,Pratt, Sebastian, Spruance, Underwood, and Upham
The resolution was adopted as amended, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed by
the Chan to wait upon Louis Kossuth, on his arrival at tiie
capital, and introduce him to the Senate.
THE COMPROMISE. MEASURES.
The Senate lesumed the consideration of the
special Older, being the resolution declaring the
measures of adjustment to be a definitive settle-
ment of the questions growing out of domestic
slavery.
Mr. RRETT resumed and finished the speech
which he commenced yesterday, a report of which
will be found in the Appendix".
After a few words from Mr. Foote, and a brief
conversation, in which Mr. Borland, Mr. Foote,
Mr. Mason, and others took part, (for which see
Appendix,) Mr. Mason obtained the floor, and
on motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 16, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON THE RULES.
The SPEAKER announced that the following
gentlemen had been appointed the Committee on
the Rules, by a resolution of the House: George
j W. Jones, of Tennessee; Alexander H. Ste-
phens, of Georgia; Joseph R. Chandler, of
Pennsylvania; John L. Robinson, of Indiana;
Edward Stanly, of North Carolina; David L.
Seymour, of New York; George G. King, of
Rhode Island; Edson B. Oi.ds, of Ohio; and Dan-
iel Wallace, of South Carolina.
