1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
endeavor to gain good-conduct discharges tor
twenty years, in order to entitle themselves to the
benefits of the provisions herein contained, from
which they cut themselves off if they are useless,
trifling, and get bad-conduct discharges. It will
constitute one of the incentives to good conduct
■which ought to be held up to make sailors exert
themselves.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
told us that there ought to be a new mode of en-
rolling men in the Navy—that we ought to get
Amencan citizens. How will you accomplish it?
Will you instruct the men whom you send out to
enlist sailors, to receive none but American citi-
zens? Have you any such authority as that? Oh,
no ! It is notorious that there are many foreigners
in the naval service. But adopt this bill, and what
do you have? You enable the commander to give
his men good or bad-conduct discharges at the end
of every term of enlistment. If the sailor gets a
bad-conduct discharge he will not be accepted into
the service again; but let him discharge his duty
fully and get good-conduct discharges, and you
will not only receive him back to the service, but
give him a premium.
. These are some of the reasons why I think that
the mam principles of this bill are correct, and why
I am willing to support the substitute offered by
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton.]
I submit, then, to the House, and ask the mem-
bers that, whether they appiove of this bill or not,
they will come up to the consideration of this sub-
ject. Give it your minds, give it your feelings, give
it your heart, take hold of the interests of the
American Navy, and do something for it. Sir, the
spirit of your oiHcers is flagging; and your ships
which is now before us. I do not rise here to en-
gage in a warfare to make a President. I did not
coirre here for any such purpose. I do not rise
here for the purpose of engaging in the discussion
ot matters and things in general, as seems to be
the custom of the House, when in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union,—a custom
" more honored in the breach than in the observ-
ance." I do not rise here for the purpose of de-
fining my position in regard to the compromise
measures of the last Congress. Conceiving, as I
honestly do, that my section of the Union was
outraged and wronged by those measures, I feel
that 1 have a right to demand the humble privi-
lege of a sullen silence. The friends of those meas-
ures ought surely to be content under aknowledge
that they are laws beyond the reach of Southern
" extremists." I rise here with no purpose of en-
gaging in a warfare to put up " old fogies,"as the
phrase now goes, or to put down " young filibus-
ters." I repeat that I was not sent here for any
such purpose. I vise to speak to the question be-
fore us—the land question. 1 rise, sir, as one of
the Representatives of the rural districts of these
United States, claiming an equality of right in the
public domain, as the property of all; to enter my
solemn protest against any measure, no matter
under what pretence it comes before us. that tends
to give to any class in this community, rich or
poor, an exclusive right in that public domain.
I rise for the especial purpose of entering my
protest against the homestead bill. It has aston-
ished me that so few have risen to expose the enor-
mities of that bill. I thank my honorable friend ■
from Maine [Mr. Puller] for his orthodox, and
able speech upon the question. It was a constitu-
tional speech, worthy of the " star of the East." I
-which once rode so proudly upon the ocean, feel j] hope the members of this House will read it, and
the blighting influence of your carelessness.
New elements have recently been introduced into
naval affairs—new principles of warfare have been
adopted for the sea, and whenever again we are
so unlucky as to engage in war with a strong
naval [tower, unless we struggle mightily to adapt
ourselves to the new condition of tilings in which
we find ourselves placed, and to keep up with the
times, we will not come out as our fathei s did, with
colors flying. Our commanders will not triumph
gloriously as did the Perrys, the Decatuis, the
McDonoughs, and the Joneses, in early days. But
we will be beaten in every sea, and under every
star. Better far that our ships should rot, and our
sailors perish, for I would greatly piefer to have
no Navy at all, rather than a dishonored and dis-
graced one.
[Here the Speaker's hammer frit."}
Mr. POLK. I move that the rules of the House
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into tiie Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I hope that
this lull will be disposed ol' to-day. I desire to
make a few remarks, but I will not detain the
House a quarter of an hour.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
expired.
Mr. POLK. How much of the morning hour
remains >
The SPEAKER. Five minutes.
Mr. POLK. No speech can be made in five
minutes. I insist upon my motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole.
The question was then taken on the motion,
and it was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL. j
The House accordingly resolved itself into the j
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I
(Mr. Hibbard in the chair.) !
The CHAIRMAN stated, as the business be- '
fore the committee, House bill No. 7, being a bill j
to encourage agriculture, commerce, manufactures, j
and ali other branches of industry, by grantin°- 1
every man who is at the head of a family, and a !
citizen of the United States, a homestead of one '
hundred and sixty acres of land out of the public :
domain, upon condition of occupancy and culti-j
ration of the same, for the period herein specified; i
upon which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. I
AverettI whs entitled to the floor. !
Mr. AVERETT rose and said: !
Mr. Chairman, the state of my health and my
sense of propriety forbid my indulging in the dis-
cussion of matters extraneous to the question
read it attentively. To whom do the public lands
| belong? Do they belong to Congiess? There is
j scarcely a member upon this floor who will be bold
j enough to say so. Sir, I maintain, and can prove
j by the recoid, that all the arguments which have
| been adduced in support of this homestead bill,
j and of kindred measures for the disposition of the
. public lands, are predicated upon the assumption
j ot an absolute and unqualified power in Congress
I over them; to dispose of them in any way, and
j for any purpose whatsoever, at the will of the ma-
jority. Sir, this is a startling assumption, and 1
denounce this and all other measures founded upon
it, as daring usurpations, 'Mending to evil and
that continually." Are the friends of this hill
willing to he chained down to a constitutional view
of the subject? No; I defy them to show the
right under the Constitution, to take the public
lands and give them to any one class of our peo-
ple, except in consideration of public services.
The effect of this measure would be to take that
which belongs to the whole United States, and to
all the people of the United States, and to give it
| to a small class of the people of the United States,
I to the exclusion of the rest.
| Mr. HALL, (interrupting.) Will the gentle-
man permit me m ask him a question?
Mr. AVERETT. Oh! ceitamly.
Mr. HALL. I will ask the gentleman from
Virginia it, during the administration of General
Washington, a bill was not passed granting lands
to actual settlers 111 the Northwest Territory?
Mr. AVERETT. I do not quit mv constitu-
tional views, to inquire what General Washington
did, or what anybody else may have done.
[Laughter.] I call the attention of the gentleman
to the Constitution itself, and I defy lnm to show
that it authorizes a measure like this. Sir, it has
become fashionable to lose sight of the Constitu-
tion, as it is,and seek justification for usurpations
by some word or deed of Washington. Jefferson,
or Madison.
Mr. HALL. I understood the gentleman to
speak of this proposition as a novelone.
Mr. A\ ERETT. Do you believe that General I
Washington, with all his jealousy of foreign influ- '
enc.e, would have sanctioned such a policy as this >
Mr. HALL. I do. !
Mr. AVERETT. Well, we differ about that; J
but it is immaterial. This measure seeks to take I
that which belongs to all, and appropriate it to the !
exclusive benefit of a few.
A Member. Do not let them interrupt you.
Mr. AVLREl'T. I would not care for their
interruptions if I was well, and could be allowed
the time to answer them. I would invite them. I
would be willing to be interrupted, because I feel
able to meet all the objections that could be brought
forwaid to the views which I am trymgto present.
Mr. SWEETSER. I understand the gentle-
man to make the point against the homestead bill,
that it is unconstitutional to give lands to some,
and not to all. Upon that ground rests his con-
stitutional objection. *
Mr. AVERETT. No, sir, no; I did not say
that. I must beg not to be interrupted, if the gen-
tleman is as latitudinous as that. [Laughter.] I
did not say that. I said that the practical opera-
tion of this bill would be, to take that which is the
property of all, and give it to a part. I said that
would be the practical effect of it; not that it was
my only constitutional objection.
Mr. SWEETSER. Will the gentleman permit
me to interrupt him for one moment?
Mr. AVERETT. No, sir. You have proven
yourself so much of a latitudinarian m your con-
struction of my constitutional views, that I fear
if I indulge you, you will take up the whole of
my hour. I repeat the question, to whom do these
la rids belong? If I had time, I should like to read
to the committee the terms of the cession of these
lands by the old States, under the Confederation.
I refer gentlemen to the terms of that cession of
j the vast territory in the West, now inhabited by
i our children, who are endeavoring to eat us up,
I and to kill us off by the strength which our mu-
I mftcence has given them. By the terms of the
| cession, if I understand them, those States ceded
j these lands, with certain reservations, to the Con-
I federation; for what? To give away to a part?
| No, sir. To give away at all? No such thing.
| It was to meet the chaiges upon the States in sup-
port of this Confederation or alliance of States. I
do not pretend to be verbally correct, but I know
I am substantially so. It was to meet the charges
made upon the people of the several States, in pro-
portion to their numbers, and for nothing else.
Not only was that the case, but it was done at the
instance and instigation of the Federal Govern-
ment.
Mr. McMULLIN. I understand my colleague
at this point to be arguing the constitutional ques-
tion in relation to the lands ceded by the old States.
Will he inform the House and the country what
amount of these ceded lands is yet on hand, or
what proportion of them ?
Mr. AVERETT. 1 am not arguing the con-
stitutional question in regard to the ceded lands
alone.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire also to know if
my colleague includes the grants of bounty land
to soldiers as also unconstitutional ?
Mr. AVERETT. No,sir. Thosegrants were
made for services rendered m the camp and battle-
field. But 1 proclaim that, in this homstead bill,
you offer an insult to every old soldier who holds
aland warrant, and to every poor widow,thebones
of whose husband now lie buried in the low lands
near Norfolk, or beneath the snows of Canada,
or on the heights or in the plains of Mexico. You
offer an insult to every soldier who holds a forty,
or eighty, or one hundred and sixty acre land war-
rant, given him as a reward for serving his country,
in the camp or battle-field,when, by this bill, you
give one hundred and sixty acres of land to the
foreign pauper for nothing but simply because he
has none. That is the fact, and there is no way
to get over it. I warn you that every one of the
two hundred thousand land warrant holders, for
services rendered in the Mexican war, and in the
war of 1812, will repel the insult you thus offer
them, at the polls.
Mr. Chairman, I repeat that the public lands
belong to the people of the United States. Our
functions in regard to them are fiduciary. We
act as trustees for the people of the United States,
to whom the lands belong—as trustees bound to
conform to our power of attorney—the Constitu-
tion. We must look back to that power of at-
torney. We must regard the limitations upon the
powers of this Government contained in the Con-
stitution. Sir, it is a fact, that Patrick Henry,
and many of Virginia's ablest sons, were so dis-
trustful of the powers expressly granted in the
Constitution, that Virginia, in tne convention
which ratified that Constitution, reserved to her-
self the right to resume her original sovereignty,
not only in case of usurpation, but whenever the
powers actually granted in that Constitution should
be perverted to her injury or oppression. Am I
