186 L
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER then announced that the first
business in order would be the unfinished business
of yesterday—the motion to refer to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs the bill to refund to the
State of California certain moifeys collected in her
ports.
COMMITTEE ON REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of privilege. X perceive that I h^ve been
appointed on three of the standing committees of
the House. The rules allow me to decline serv-
ing on one of these committees, and therefore I
avail myself of the right to decline serving on the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims. In doing
this, I intend no disrespect to the Speaker, nor to
any of the members of that committee, but simply
because I cannot perform the duties of so many
committees.
The SPEAKER. Underthe rules of the House,
the gentleman has a right to decline serving; and
if there be no objection, he will be accordingly
excused. So it was
Ordered. That Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky, be excused
from fuither service on the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and that the Speaker be authorized to fill the va-
cancy crcated thereby.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Henry Johnson
be withdrawn from the files of the House, and leferred to
the Committee ou Invalid Pensions.
THE WORKMEN ON THE CAPITOL.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit a resolution. It is
known probably to the House, that a number of
persons have been recently discharged from em-
ployment on the works at the Capitol now in
Erogress of construction. I have been called upon
y a number of these persons, and they desire me
to present a resolution.
The following is the resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings, or
whichever committee may have ehaige of the subject, he
requested to report forthwith a bill making further appro-
priations for the continuance of the woik recently m prog-
ress for the extension of the Capitol buildings, in order that
a large number of mechanics and workwomen, who have
been deprived of woik, ami thereby their piesent means of
subsistence, having been discharged a few days ago from
that employment, may be ajram employed, it being exceed-
ingly difficult at this inclement season of the yeai to obtain
employment elsewhere m the city.
Mr. CL1NGMAN inquired of the Chair the
order of business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already an-
nounced that the unfinished business of yesterday
is now in order. Any other business cannot in-
tervene except by the unanimous consent of the
House. The gentleman from Pennsylvania asks
the unanimous consent to introduce a resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. I understand the Chair to state that the
unfinished business of yesterday is in order.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] allow the-gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] to ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
resolution ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object to the
introduction of any business out of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 understand the Chair
to state that the business in order is the unfinished
business of yesterday. I want to call the attention
of the Chair to the fact, that upon yesterday a
motion to suspend the rules was m order. I un-
derstand the rule to be, that when the day arrives
upon which it will be in order to move a suspen-
sion of the rules, business undisposed of on the
previous suspension day would come up as the
re°ular business in order. Hence it is not now
in°order—this not being suspension day—to recur
to the bill introduced yesterday under a suspension
of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman that the question of order is, in his
opinion, not admissible.
Mr. EVANS. I do not wish to debate this mat-
ter, but make a suggestion, if the Chair will have
patience with me for a single moment. The 23d
rule declares:
" That a« soon as the Journal is read, the Speaker shall
call tor petitions from the members of each State and dele-
gates fiom each Termory, beginning with Maine."
The 27th rule says that—
After an hour shall be devot* d to reports from commit-
tees and resolutions, it shall be in order, pending the con-
sideration or discussion thereof, to entertain a motion that
the House do new proceed to dispose of the business on the
Speaker's table, and to the oruers of the day."
Then by the 58th rule:-
" The unfinished business m which the House was engaged
at the last preceding adjournment shall have the preference
in the orders of the day, and no motion on any other busi-
ness shall be rcceivcd without special leave of the Iiouse
until the former is disposed of."
Mr. HALL. I rise to a question of order. T
understand that no debate is in order upon the
question of priority of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already an-
nounced that the question of order is not debatable.
Mr. EVANS. I was readingthe rules.
Mr. HALL. I understand you are making a
speech.
Mr. EVANS. Not in the least. I suggest that
the first business in order is the call of States for
petitions, next for reports of committees; and then
resolutions are in order. And when the orders of
the day come up, the unfinished business of yes-
terday will have the preference. I call* for the
reading of the 23d, 27th, and 58th rules.
The rules were then read as inserted above.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to state
the ground of his decision, which is this: Rut
for the fact that the previous question had been
seconded and the main question ordered to be put,
the rules referred to would have required this bill
to go over and take its place upon the calendar of
the House. Rut the House ordered the main
question to be put, and thus gives this bill or the
unfinished business preference over all others.
The main question must therefore be now put.
By reference to the journal of the Twenty-eighth
Congress, the gentleman will find a decision di-
rectly in point. Is there any appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair?
No appeal being taken, the Speaker stated the
question as follows: The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Marshall] moved a reference of this
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. .Tones] moved its
reference to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Upon this question the previous question was sec-
onded and the main question ordered, and the yeas
and nays were also ordered upon said question.
The first question will be upon the proposition to
refer the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. 1 would ask
permission of the House to make a few remarks
in explanation of a personal matter.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope the objection may
be withdrawn, as I shall consume but'a very little
time.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
Chair is bound to enforce the rule.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to inform the
House, in the course of this explanation, in re-
gard to the nature of the bill and the propriety of
the reference.
Mr. CARTTER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair calls the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Marshall] to order.
Mr. MARSHALL. lavish to exculpate my-
self from the charge of making an attack upon the
committee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Ts it m order to make a
motion to suspend the rules to allow the gentle-
man to proceed?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The question was then taken upon referring the
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
decided the negative—yeas 75 nays 110; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs.. Abercrombie, Allison, Bell, Bibighaus,
John II. Boyd, Breekenndge, Albert G.Biown, JUmows*,
E. Camngton Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell. Chapman, Cleve-
land, Cullom, Dawson, Disney, Doty, JSdgettmi, Evans,
Swing, Faulkner, Fitch, Fowiei, Ficeman, Ilemy M. Ful-
ler, Gavlord, (5-oodertow, Green, Grey, Grow, Harper, Hart,
Hascall, Haven,Thos. M. Howe, Andrew Johnson, James
Johnson, George G. King, Kuhns, Landry, Letcher, Ed-
ward C. Marshal), Ma^on, McCorkle, MeNair, Meaehain,
Meade, Miller, Miner, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John
Moore, Morehead, Newton, Olds, Perkins, Polk, Poifer,
Price, Sackett, Smith, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Fred. P.
Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander H- Stephens, St.
Martin, Sweetsei, Taylor, Tuck, Walbridge, WaJ&h, Waid,
Welch, Addison White, and Yates—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Chailes Allen, Willis Allen, ;
Andrews, Wm. Appl^ton, Ashe, Aveieft, David J. Bailey, j
Bennett. Bissell, Bocock, Bowie, Bragg, Brenton, Biooks, j
Bnell, Busbv. Jot-oph Cable, Caldwell, Carttcr, Caskie, !
Cha&tain,Clark, Chngman, Cobb,Curtis, Daniel,Geoige T. \
Davis, John G. Davis, Diramick, Dockery, Dunham, $$st-
man,Edmundson, Ficklm, Florence, Floyd, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gamble, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Ishafn G Har-'
ris4 Sampson W. Hams, Haws, He bard, Hitfbsrd, Hilfyer,
Holladay, Horsford, Houston,., Joan W. Howe, JngersoH,
Ives, Jackson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,DanielT.,
Jones, George W. Jones, J. GJancy Jones, Preston King.
Kurtz, Mace, Mann, Humphrey Marshall, Mai tin. McDon-
ald, McLanahan, MrMuilin, MoCiueen, Miilson, Morrison,
Murphy, Muiray, Nabers, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Parker-
Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Penniman, Phelps,
Rantoul, Riddle, Itobbins, Robie,^ Robinson, Ross, Seber-
meihorn, Schoonmaker, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Ori-
gen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Abr'm P. Stevens, Stone,
Stuart, Sutherland, Benj. Thompson, Geo. W. Thompson,
Thurston, Townsbend, Venable, Wallace, Watkins, Wil-
cox, Wildrick, and Williams—HQ.
So the motion was rejected.
The question was then taken upon referring the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means; audit
was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
PAY TO HON. MR. DARBY.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I wish to offer
a resolution, and I am sure I will get the unani-
mous and favorable action of this House upon it.
Mr. Dauby, a Representative from the-St. Louis
district, came to Washington to enter upon the
discharge of his duties as a Representative^ On
Monday morning, the 1st of December, he was
suddenly and unexpectedly stricken down with -
paralysis; and from that time to the present mo-
ment he has been confined to his bed as an invalid
and helpless as an infant. He is here now at the
seat of Government, thousands of miles away from
his family and friends, in this distressing* and
helpless condition. I feel sure that the mere men-
tion of these facts will be sufficient to claim from
the members of this House favorable action upon
this resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Rccolrcdi That inasmuch as Mr. John V. Darby, of the
Fir^t Distact of Missouri, hap been in Washington from the
commencement of the session, and been pi evented by se-
vere indKpOrfition fiom taking -his seat as a member of this
House, that he be allowed to draw his per diem and mile-
age : and that the Sergeant-at-Arms is hereby authorized to
pay him the same.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman to, modify Ins resolution by sub-
stituting the Speaker for the Sergeant-at-Arms. It
is the Speaker who has charge of the matter, and
not the Scrgeant-at-Arms.
The question was then.taken, and die resolution
was agreed to.
PRESENTATION OF PETITIONS.
Mr. COBB. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness. Let us hear from Utah.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States and Territories for petitions, commencing
with the Territory of Utah.
Mr. DOTY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill, of which previous notice had been given,
granting the right of way and. making a donation
of land to the State of Wisconsin, in aid of the
construction of the Central Railroad; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Subsequently, On motion by Mr. HALL, this
reference was reconsidered, and the bill was com-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. McCORKLE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to provide for the survey of public lands in
the State of California, and for granting donations
and other purposes; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, granting the right of way arid making a do-
nation of land to the State of Alabama, in aid of
the construction of tile Girard railroad which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. BRAGG, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the House, for the
purpose of presentation to the Senate, the joint
resolution of the State of Alabama, in regard to
certain reserved lands in Clarke county, in that
State.
Mr. LETCHER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to chansre the lime for holding the district
courts of the United States in the western district
of Virginia, and for other purposes; which was
