110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 17,
here is the bald proposition introduced into this
House, and placed before the country, that because
these men are out of employment and cannot find
work, it is therefore our duty to authorize the cre-
ation of a debt upon the Treasury, and to permit
the architect, or superintendent of the work, to
employ these men upon the faith-of the promise of
Congress that an appropriation shall be made here-
after for their payment.
I agree with the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
FicklinJ that this resolution had better be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, so that it maybeputina proper form,and
that it may not go forth that this House has sanc-
tioned the doctrine that it is a primary duty of the
Government of the United States to furnish those
who are out of work with employment.
Mr. FICKLIN With the permission of the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Venable]
1 wish to suggest to him that this resolution takes
the responsibility from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and interposes between him and his duty to
this Government.
Mr. VENABLE. I was about to make that
very remark. I am one of those who believe in
the responsibility of agents. I believe that you
ought to fix the duties of your agent, and hold
him responsible for the discharge of those duties.
I never wiH, by any vote of mine, step in between
him and his responsibility, so that if there is mis-
management, a waste of the public funds, or a di-
rection given to those funds that was not contem-
plated by the act of Congress, he can shelter him-
self by saying, " I was doing exactly what the
law required, and you stepped in and interfered
with me." No; let us hold the Department of the
Interior responsible for this work. If they need a
further appropriation; if the works need protec-
tion; or If there be sound and a;ood reasons for an
additional appropriation, let, the information come
from the Department, and let us have the reasons
before us on which we are to act.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I would in-
quire of the gentleman from North Carolina,
whether there is not an estimate from the Depart-
ment for the continuation of this work ? If so, is
there any good reason why the work should stop
during the present season > Would it not be for
the public interest to let the work go on m antici-
pation of the appropriation which has been asked
for by the Department ?
Mr. VENABLE. I have no disposition what-
ever to obstruct or to arrest the execution of this
work, but I do protest most solemnly against the
admission of the principle, m our legislation, that
it is a primary du*y of this Government to furnish
work to those who are in need of employment.
Mr. FLORENCE, (interrupting.) Here are a
number of persons who have come from the dif-
ferent States of the Union—having sivtn up em-
ployment elsewhere—under the impression that
they could have continued employment here. I
apprehend that every one of them earns all that
he obtains for his labor. I apprehend that every
one of them feels at the close of his day's work,
that he has performed his duty to himself and to
the Government, and w<pdd despise tjie idea that
he had "quartered himself" upon the Govern-
ment.
The prospect was held out to these men—from
the fact that the building of these Capitol wings
would be continued for years—that they would
have permanent employment here. And I desire
to say, on behalf of these persons, that they would
not think for a single moment, of " quartering
themselves upon the Government" without render-
ing what some one has called a quid pro quo.
Mr. VENABLE. All that is nothing new to
me. I did not rise for the purpose of discussing
the character of these men or the calculations whicifr
they may have made. Arguments of that sort
ought to have no influence here. These men ap-
pear before us just like any other laborers. I have
exactly as much respect for them as I have for any
other honest laborers. If they made a contract
with theagentof the Government to work for a cer-
tain number of days, they ought to be paid for that
work, but if they m$Le a bargain to work as long
as the money which had been appropriated lasted,
and that money is now exhausted, they have
worked out their contract, and we have not de-
ceived them or withheld anything from them which
they had a right to expect, however respectable
they may be, or however unwilling to quarter them-
selves on the Government—and I freely admit that
they are so. I say again, that if that resolution is
passed for the reason given upon its face, that these
men have been thrown out of employment, and
cannot at this season obtain employment elsewhere,
it is a recognition of the principle that it is a pri-
mary duty of this Government to furnish men who
are out of work with employment. To such a
principle, I for one, can never give my sanction.
Mr. SACKETT. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina allow me to submit an amend-
ment?
Mr. VENABLE. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman. ;
Mr. SACKETT. I suppose that this work is
under the charge of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. I wish to inquire of the Chair
if the motion now pending is not a motion to refer
this resolution to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. That is the question now
pending before the House.
Mr. SACKETT. That motion was withdrawn.
Mr. FICKLIN. No, sir; I have not with-
drawn it.
The SPEAKER. The first question put to the
House will be upon the motion to refer the joint
resolution to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. VENABLE. And I am entitled to the
floor, and was discussing the propriety of that very
reference. This resolution is, in my opinion,
properly referable to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. There the whole sub-
ject can be examined and discussed, and the report
can be amended. The resolution makes an appro-
priation , and it must therefore go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I should not have opened my mouth upon this
subject, except to have voted for the reference,
but I could not consent to remain silent, and thus
appear to recognize the principle involved in this
resolution, tlmt it is a sufficient reason for the em-
ployment of anybody that he is out of work. As
has been justly remarked by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. I^icklin,] the effect of this resolu-
tion, and of the clamor and pressure from without,
would be that the Superintendent would continue
in employment every one of these individual^. .
Economy must begin somewhere. Responsi-
bility with regard to the expenditure of the public
funds must be fixed somewhere, and as we have
fixed the responsibility of this expenditure in the
Department of the Interior, and as the appropria-
tion is exhausted, I am unwilling to make a further
appropriation until it is applied for by the Depart-
ment. While, therefore, I am not opposed to the
continuance of this work, 1 am not disposed to
further it m violation of the rules of tins body,
and of proper rules of economy. Let the whole
subject come before the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. It is better that these
workmen should be without employment for a day
or two than that- we should violate the rules of
prudeive and economy.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, called for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which main question was
on the motion to refer the joint resolution to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FICKLIN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 93, nays 58; as follows:
YMAIS—Messrs). Aiken, Willis Allen, William Appleton,
Averett, David J. Bailey, Bell, Bissell, Bocoek, Bienton,
Bueli, Caldwell, Caitter, Ca^kie, Claik, Cleveland, Cobb,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Dminiick, Dunham, Edgeiton,
Faulkner, Fieklin, Fitch, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Giey, Hall, Hamilton, I^ham G. Ilairis, Hart,
Hascall, Haven, fienn, Hibbard, Ilolladay, Horsford, Hous-
ton, Ineersoll, Andiew Johnson, James Johnson, John
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jone^, George W.
.Tone*, Fiufton King, Rutins, Kuitz. Landry, Letcher,
Lockhart, Mace, Humphrey Mar-hall, Mai tin, Mason,
McDonald, McMullin, .vb.-Nair, Molony, John Moore, Mur-
ray, Nabeis, Oir, Andrew Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Penni-
man, Perkins, Phelps. Porter, ftantoul, Kichardson, Rob-
bins. Robie, ftoss, Scurry, David L. Seymour, OugenS
Wilcox—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison,Thomas II. Bay-
ly, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Briggs,
Brooks, Burrows, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Camp-
bell, Chapman, GeorgeT. Davis, Doty, Edrnundson, Evans,
Ewing, Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gaylord,
Green, Hammond, Harper. Haws, Hebard, Howard, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, George G. King, Mann*
MeCorkle, Meacham, Miner, Henry D. Moore, Morebead,
Samuel W. Parker, Polk, Price, liiddle, Sackett, Sehermer-
horu, Skelton, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Fiederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor,
Thurston, Tuck, Walbiidge, Walsh, Ward, Williams, and
Yates—58.
So the joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union.
Mr. WALSH moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of considering the joint resolution
just referred thereto.
The question was taken upon this motion; and
on a division, there were-—ayes 55, noes 51. No
quorum voting.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee,
the House then adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS,
By Mr. YATES: A bill making appropriations for the
improvement of thg navigation of die Illinois river.
By Mr. BROWN of Mississippi: A bill to perpetuate pre-
emptions to actual settlers on the public lands.
Also, a bill to grant the right of way and make a donation
of puhlic lands to the States of Mississippi and Louisiana,
in aid of the construction of a lailroad from New Orleans,
Louisiana, to Jackson, Mississippi.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials, petitions, &c., were-presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. BOWIE: A memorial of Charles Fletcher, of
Lancaster, on behalf of him«elf and others, praying for a
charter to build a railroad, through the District of Colum-
bia, in a northwestern course to the Maryland line.
By Mr. JTUNTEIt: The petition of Johnston Lawrenc©
and 8H others, pi ay tug for a new mail route fiom Powhat-
tan Point, m Belinonte county, to Malaga, m Monroe coun-
ty, Ohio.
By Mr. TOWNSHEND- The memorial of Leonard
Skinner, presenting his claim to back pay and bounty
land.
By Mr. SCIIERMERIIORN: The petition of Capt. Thoe>.
Duer, praying pay for money advanced while m the service
of the (Tinted States during the late wai with GreatBiitam.
By Mr. IJOTY: The pennon of A. W. Clarke, J. E.
Garland, J. B. Winchell and other*, praying; for a mail
route from Princeton, in Wisconsin, to Weyanweya.
By Mr. ROBB1NS : A memorial signed by James Dev-
ercaux, Samuel O. Moiton and others, citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, New Jersey, and Delaware, praying Congress to
make an appropriation for the construction of a haibor on
the eastern side of Reedy Island, in the Delawaie river,
whore snbstamtial pieis would be erected at a moderate ex-
pense, which would affoid siielter'to vessels navigating said
river.
By Mr. MILLION • The petition of Nelson II. Hodge?,
heir of Wm Hodges, deceased, asking remuneiation foi in-
jury to pioperty while in the occupation of the troops of the
United States, during the last war with Gieat Bntam.
Also, the petition of Henry and Robert BJow, heir« of
Ileuiy Blow, deceased, asking aireais of pension due de-
ceased.
Also, the memorial of Thomas Robinson and others,
" forward officers " of the Navy, asking that their pay may
be graduated according to sea service.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 17, 1851.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Hon. Willie P. Mangum, from the State
of North Carolina, attended in his seat.
NAVIGATION OF THE ST. LAWRENCE.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report of the Secre-
tary of State in answer to the resolution of the
Senate of the 8th March last, submitted by Mr.
Davis, of Massachusetts, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, to liifoim Congress, at the
earliest date, whethei any ai langements are m progiess, or
likely to be made, with Great Britain and the British Prov-
inces of North Amcnca, for securing to the citizens of the
United States the fiee navigation of the St. Lawrence, Mt.
John, and other large uvers, and the right to enjoy freely,
in common with British subjects, the sea and coast fisheries
of the British fisheries of the British North American Colo-
nies.
The communication was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
CASE OP MR. TtlRASHER TN CUBA.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate the following message from the President of
tiie United States:
To Ike Senate of the United States:
In answer to the resolution of tlie Senate of the 9th in-
stant, requesting information m regard to the imprisonment
of John S. Thrasher, at Havana, I transmit a report from
