1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
pose nobody should be helped but the Western
people? It is something to help them, especially
as we shall not injure others thereby. It is some-
thing 10 help theru; for I reckon them among the
American people. And to'know that we have given
a sturdy Western man one hundred and sixty
acres, which he accepts on the condition that he
shall cultivate them, is to be certain that we have
established at least one family. Resides, sir, the
Eastern States vote land to the Western railroads,
that custom may come to them from the far West.
May we not, then, vote land to the Western men,
that we may have permanent Western customers?
It is an argument jn favor of the grant of alternate
sections to railroad companies, that the greater
chance of settlement increases the value of the
sections retained. If that is so, then is it more
tine that the settlement, the real occupancy and
cultivation, of one quarter section will give addi-
tional value to the others? The argument, sir,
is cumulative.
One mode of argument used to defeat a hill of
this character, is to drive the sensitive from its ad-
vocacy by assertions that it is a means of courting
popularity among a certain class of citizens, and
that none but the Gracchi will buy the people with
their own lands.
What the motives of others may be, I know
not; but for myself 1-can say, that if any portion of
our fello w-citizens could, upon ordinary grounds,
be hostile to this bill, it would be likely to be the
commercial and moneyed citizens of an old capital
of an old State. Sir, men at my age—I mean, of
course, those who have not the presidential chair
in view—however sensible to the approval of the
public, have usually passed the hopes of much
preferment; and a Philadelphia Whig, of all men,
would be the least likely to court favor by ad cap-
tandum advocacy.
Sir, promotion is not a part of the rewards, or
even the hopes, of the people of my pahiotic State.
Good old Pennsylvania has so often gone for the
Democrats, that the Democratic party deem her
their appanage, without reward. And she has so
seldom gone for the Whigs, that chance, and not
party exertion, has been, by the unreflecting, con-
sidered the cause; and the ordinary rewards of
party success have been lavished where they have
more directly to pay for labor, or more surely in-
vite supplies. For myself, sir, and those with
whom I have had consultation on this question, 1
can safely say, that when opinions have been
changed, interest has been opposed, and the change
has been submitted to on the grounds of the change
of circumstances, in national and State legislation,
and m the condition of the people.
Hitherto, Mr. Chairman, our country has j
sought to reward the soldier and the sailor (poor- I
ly, I am compelled to confess) with lands, or she |
has bestowed them on institutions for the public ■
good, or she has granted them to the stranger
seeking an asylum in this nation. That is, the
people of this country have given away these
lands to other people. Well, sir, now the people
themselves ask for a share. The people were in !
the nominative—now they are in the vocative. 1
am willing to place them in the dative case. And
if I am charged with vacillation, I can only plead
the old adage, and refer to my honored and clas-
sical friend from Vermont [Mr. Meacham] for its
truth, that il circumstances alter cases."
And, Mr. Chairman, who can be injured by the
operation of this bill, if passed into a law? There
ore here in this country more than fourteen hun-
dred millions of acres of public, unoccupied, un-
appropriated lands—fourteen hundred millions of
acres! Mr. Chairman. This is more than an
acre and a half to every man, woman, and child
on God's earth. (I beg pardon for the seeming
irreverence, but " the earth is the Lord's, and the
fullness thereof.") More than an acre and a half
to every man, woman, and child—black, white,
or red ' And we are told by a good poet, who was
an equally good historian, that in the most flour-
ishing condition of his native country, in its most
high and palmy state, every rood of ground main-
tamed its man !
The honorable gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Fuller] spoke of the provisions of this bill as
unequal and unjust. Unequal as not being for the j|
"good of all," because the land is given only to
the poor. Not for the good of all! Do men erect
prisons for the benefit of some or the good of all?
Do we establish philanthropic institutions for the
good alone of their inmate*, or for the credit and |j general legislation,which, from similar
causes, op-
era es to the advantage of the East.
Fourth. It assists the unfortunate, and multi-
: plies private comfort, domestic happiness, and so-
cial propriety.
,j Fifth. It tends to free the cities from a too-
crowded population, always unfavorable to order,
ij Sixth. It wastes no domain, but rather, if fairly
; T ' p , - , a i, , , -----— ! carried out, gives additional value to the comigu-
Is it not for the good of all that the example of !■ ous unoccupied portion; and while it confers on
degraded character be abated, in order that the j the citizen the real title of "lord of the soil,"
| baleful influences of its pestiferous atmosphere be ij which the Constitution allows in theory, it secures
j diminished r Is the wealth of the rich man safer ]\ his attachment to his own, and becomes a pledge
! good of all? Do our States erect hospitals, assist
; asylums for the deaf and dumb, for the benefit
! only of ihe patients, or is it for the good of all ?
I Mr. Chairman, is it not for the good of all that
j certain persons are relieved from distress? is it
i not for the good of all that certain persons are
i redeemed from the degradation of vice and led
; away from the daily temptation to commit crimes?
with poverty around him, goaded by envy and
want, into rapine ?
Mr. FULLER. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question? What would you do
with the Indians ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Sir, we must either feed
or fight the Indians.
Sir, every Christian patriot must say, (and none
more emphatically or heartily, I am sure, than the
honorable gentleman from Maine, Mr. Fuller,)
" It may augment my relative consequence to
have those around me poor and degrnded, and it
may serve as a foil to my virtues that they are
becoming vicious m their poverty; but my feeling
as a man, my possession as a capitalist, and my
patriotism as a citizcn, are all concerned to have
these men honest, comfortable, respectable."
Mr. Chairman, I have already exceeded the
length of time which it was my intention to con-
sume when I rose; and I have so far departed from
my plan of procedure that I would better close
than attempt to recover the argument from which
the warmth of my feelings has hurried me away,
and from which I have been called by the occa-
sional interruption of friends, whom 1 have found
it necessary to answer. Nor is that all, Mr. Chair-
man; the " public lands," though seemingly a
lough, unattractive subject for consideration, have
been suggestive of other thoughts than those of i
ar;d waste or solitary wilderness. Theprairieland i
of our common country has supplied flowers, !
beautiful to the sight, and redolent of sweets. If j
I have been unable to collect and combine them, I
at least have assisted to prove their existence and '
point to their locality. |
I shall vote for this bill, not because something '
may not be said against it with good argument,
but because, on the whole, all circumstances con-
sidered, the balance of argument is in its favor.
My friend and colleague [Mr. Moore] proposed
to the last Congressasimilarmeasure,upon which
I doubted; and the honorable gentleman [Mr.
Johnson] who presents the bill was also the parent
of a similar bill in the same Congress; both gen-
tleman were entitled to respect and credit for their
boldness m meeting what was then so unpopu-
lar.
This bill, however, will pass, and I think this
session; but, at any rate, it will pass. It is found-
ed on the progressive character of the institutions
of our country, and is therefore a part of the des-
tiny of our legislation.
Sir, other men may wear the civic wreath which
the nation weaves for those who serve their coun-
try in lofty position, or they may be graced with
the laurels prepared for those who defend her in
the hour of peril, and their names may be inscribed
upon the imperishable record of national glory;
while no crown shall be woven, nor column be
reared to the humble woikmg legislator, who pre-
pared or presented the homestead bill. A con-
sciousness of duty performed must be his present
remuneration, and his reward in the future must
be the lowly inscription of his name with those
who loved the people.
[f the views which I have taken of the main
provisions of the bill now under consideration are
not incorrect, then I think we may conclude that
-  j pledge
I or Lis love and devotion to the country of which
j1 he now forms a part.
J With sentinels thus placed along our outer and
j our central frontiers; with men thus bound to ihe
!j soil and the Government, the constant expansion
!j of this nation suggests no apprehensions for its
' peace, or for the perpetuity of its institutions.
The furthest outpost on the frontier is occupied
by those who own the soil, and are a part of the
nation. With them peace and order are the truest
private interests, as well as public blessing:; and
instead of being hunters of men and beasts, as-
similating to savage life and savage feelings, they
are the messengers of order, peace, and prosperity.
Thus peopled, let our limits extend to the ex-
tremity of the Pacific Isles. Let them be stretched
out North and South, from the outer verge of the
torid to the border of the frigid zone. Let them
expand. It will be but an extension of popular
virtue, republican simplicity, and world-teaching
example.
" From Dnrien to Davis, one pai-den shall bloem,
Where wai's wearied banners are Allied;
And the lar-njonted zephj r that wafts its perfume,
Shall silence the storm of the world."
Mr. JENKINS next obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. NEWTON, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was put and carried in the affirm-
ative.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 7, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution. I ask that it may be read lor
information.
It was read by the Clerk, as follows:
Joint Resolution in regard to the Public Printing.
Resolved, by the Sevale umi House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimevica m Congress assembled,
Th<U the second section of the joint resolution of 1846, ''di-
recting the manner ot procuring the pruning for the two
Houses of Congress'' shall not be so construed as to allow
tne joint committee of the two Houses to di.-charge one
contractor and employ another; hut in all cases where the
committee shall deem that then; has been unnecessary del.iy
or negl -ct, the facts shall be reported to Congress, and the
committee shall be governed by its direction.
Mr. GOODENOW. I object.
Mr. BROWN. 1 think gentlemen cannot un-
dersiand the resolution, if they object to it.
[Cries of "Read it again!"]
The resolution was again read.
Mr. GOODENOW. I withdiawmy objection.
Mr. HALL. 1 object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have been endeavoring-,
for a long- time, to get the bills upon the Speaker's
table taken up and referred. I nowaskihe House
!j to allow me to have one bill taken from that table,
'! and referred to the Committee of Waysand Means.
1 j It is an important hill, and needs early action.
! Mr. ORR. I object to its being taken up out of
ij its order.
On motion by Mr. MOLONY, by unanimous
the plan of grunting quarter sections of land to '! consent, it was
actual settlers, comes to us with tne following, ;; 0-,-dared, That leave be granted to withdraw the papers
among many other negative and positive claims, ; jn tj,e (.a^e 0f Chatfirid, for the purpose of having
upon our favorable consideiation: ^ i them referied to one of the Departments.
First. It is not in violation of any provision of 11 On motion by Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous
the Constitution of the country.
Second. No power of Congress is exceeded by
such grants.
Third. It grants no favor to one which is not :
free to all. And if the granted lands are less ac-
cessible to the Eastern than to the Western resi- ;
dent of these States, that is only the result of ac- i
cidental location, and is fully balanced by other |
consent, H was
Gulcrcd, That the papers in the ca^e of James Gordon
be taken from the files of the Hou=e, and leferred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. HOUSTON. I consider it very essential
that the bill to which I have referred should be
acted upon; hut as the House have refused to take
it up out of its order, I now appeal to the
