1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1887
The SPEAKER. It resolves itself into the
same proposition j whether the report was a proper
one under the rule. The Chair decided that it
was. From that decision an appeal was taken,
and it is substantially the same as the other for
different reasons.
Mr. CARTTER. The point I make is this:
that a distinct reason, or accumulated reason, op-
erating upon the mind of the House to bring
them to the same conclusion, cannot change the
force of the decision which has been already made
upon this question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Stanton] arose and stated distinctly
that it was a report from that portion of the Com-
mittee on Printing which belonged to the House
of Representatives. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] raised the question of or-
der, that the report could not be received under
the rules. The Chair overruled that objection.
From the decision of the Chair the gentleman
from North Carolina took an appeal, and the
House have laid that appeal upon the table. The
Chair must repeat again, that it is the same ques-
tion as to the reception of the report, although the
appeal is founded upon a different reason.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
state a simple fact. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haven] stated his reason prior to the
decision which was made by the Chair and vote
taken by yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. He made an argumentwhicli
went against the reception of the report.
Mr. STANLY. My fnend from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] is mistaken in regard to a part of
lus statement as to the reference of this petition.
The last petition reads, " referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing;" that is dated March 16,1852.
The next day after that reference is to the Joint
Committee on Printing, March 17th.
Mr. I'AYLY. The direction I made to the
Clerk was to refer it to the House committee.
Mr. STANLY. "What is it that gives jurisdic-
tion? It is the reference by this House. How
does this House act? By the direction which the
Clerk gives the petition. That reference is special,
and to the Joint Committee on Printing; hut hy the
terms of the report of my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Stanton,] it is referred only to one part of
it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Haven,] upon the ground that
his proposition has been aheady decided. It is
competent to take an appeal from that decision,
but it is a repetition of the question of order raised
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly,] based upon different reasons. The gen-
tleman will remember he urged that very reason
against the reception of the report.
Mr. HAVEN. I desireto say to the Speaker,
and the House, of course, that I did not so under-
stand it, or I would not have raised the question
of order. 1 have no desire but to put an end to
the continual questions of order raised upon this
matter. I wish to have it settled. I understood
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
had made his point.
The SPEAKER. The reasons against the re-
ception of the petition were made to operate, and
did operate, upon the minds of certain gentlemen.
The appeal is upon the very same point as to the
reception of the report, which has already been
made.
Mr. STANLY. I appeal from that decision,
because it is altogether a separate and distinct
question. Suppose it should turn out that there
was only one member in the city during the whole
time, and that during the whole year two mem-
bers died. They of course could not have acted
upon the report.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I object to any discussion
unless there is an appeal taken from the decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] takes an appeal.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. STANLY, I only wish the question
settled. It ought to be settled in some way. The
first question was, whether the committee have
any jurisdiction at all upon the subject ? And the
next question is, whether it ought to be referred
to the whole committee or not? The questions
are as wide apart as two questions can possibly
be. The House have decided that the committee
had jurisdiction of the matter by the reference of
the petition to them, by sustaining the Speaker in
his decision. There is an end of that, and 1 have
nothing more to say upon that point.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will recollect
that thegentieman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton]
stated distinctly that it was a report from that
portion of the committee belonging to the House,
and upon that state of facts the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] took an appeal.
Mr. STANLY. No, sir. I appealed upon the
ground that they had no authority over this ques-
tion at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to be un-
derstood by thegentieman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly,] and he thinks that he will agree
with the Chair. It is precisely the question which
was raised and settled upon his own proposition,
as to the right of the committee to report 
Mr. STANLY. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. But for different reasons.
Mr. STANLY. It was another argument used
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven]
in addition to what I stated at the moment he in-
terrupted me. 1 remarked that that was another
question, and surely it is another question. I have
nothing to do with that appeal. I made no pomt,
and I did not know that this point was coming up.
This is altogether different from the one made be-
fore. I wish the House to decide whether one
half or a member of this Committee on Printing
can make a report.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If the gentle-
man from North Carolina labors under the im-
pression that this is a repoit from a single member
of that committee he is much mistaken.
Mr. STANLY. I3y no means. I put that by
way of argument to the Chair.
Mr. BARRERE. I understood the Chair to
have decided this point: that a single member may
refer a petition or memorial to less than the whole
committee. That seems to be involved in his de-
cision. If reference was made to a part of the
committee it violates the rule 
The SPEAKER. That is another reason why
the report should not be received; and if upon the
appeal now taken the House sustains the Speaker,
thegentieman from Ohio [Mr. Barrere] can have
the same question repeated again for the reason
which he has now stated.
Mr. BARREKE. I merely desire to know how
the Chair decides the matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
memorial was properly referred to the committee.
Mr. BARRERE. If it be referred to the whole
committee, can a part make a report?
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair is
this: The committees of the two Houses act m
cases which are separate and distinct from each
other. This is a matter which belongs exclu-
sively to this House. The practice of the House
is to receive such reports, and the Chair adheres
to that practice.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is it possible
to call the previous question upon this matter?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JOHNSON. We have had so much de-
bate and lost so much time upon this matter, that
I call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
is, that the question of order made by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Haven] is in fact the
same question of order raised by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] upon which
he took an appeal from the decision of the Chair,
and which appeal was laid upon the table. The
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] in-
sists, the ground being different, that the ques-
tion is really a different one, and may be again
decided by the I^ouse. The Chair thinks it is in-
competent for tKe gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Haven,] or the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Stanly,] to appeal thus the second
time from the decision of the Chair after the ques-
tion of the receivability of the report had been
settled by the vote of the House. From that de-
cision the gentleman from North Carolina takes an
appeal, and upon that the previous question is de-
manded.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. What will be the
effect of the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It will bring the House to a
vote upon the appeal taken from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. STANTON. Not upon the report of the
committee?
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
Mr. STUART. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. HART called for tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Penn and Chandler were
appointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported—
ayes 63, noes 61.
Mr. STANLY demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the Chair
will again state the question as he understands it.
It would be quite competent for the House to re-
consider its vote and reach this object, but nothing
can be clearer to the Chair than that an appeal
upon the appeal just decided is not in order. The
Chair was of opinion that the House really could
not understand the question. The gentleman from
North Carolina took an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, which was, that the gentleman from
Kentucky had a right to report. The gentleman
took an appeal from that decision, which was laid
upon the table. The gentleman now "says, that
the committee had no such right to report, but for
another reason entirely—and it may be a very
good one—and insists that he has the right again
to take precisely the same appeal that he took be-
fore. These, certainly, are the facts of the case
which must appear upon the Journal.
Mr. HAVEN. With the permission of the
Chair, I desire to correct his statement. I submit
that the former decision of the House was, that
the committee had a right to report. This is a
question whether less than half of the committee
have the right.
The SPEAKER In reply to that, the Chair
states that the gentleman from Kentucky stated,
with great distinctness and clearness, that it was a
report from a part of the committee, and from the
decision of the Chair, that such a report was in
order, the appeal was taken.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the Chair will allow
me to put myself right. He misunderstands me.
I never said or argued that the Committee on
Printing had no right to report. 1 argued that
they had nothing to do with this case at all—that
they had no jurisdiction over it.
The SPEAKER. That is very true.
Mr. STANLY. My argument was, that the
whole committee of the Senate and the House
together, had nothing to do with this. That was
my point, and from the decision of the Chair upon
that point, I appealed. Then the question raised
by the gentleman from New York, and which had
not occurred to me, is whether the committee had
reported at all. The House has to decide that.
The question was then taken upon laying the
appeal upon the table, and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 78, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.. Aiken, Willis Allen, John Appleton,
Ashe, Averett, Thomas FI. Bayly, Bragg, Breckinridge,
Busby, Caldwell, Cartter, Caskie, Chaplain, Ohurchwell,
Clark, Cobb, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Doty, East-
man, Faulkner, Florence, Fieenian, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Green, Hamilton, Hammond, I sham G. Harris, Sampson
W. Harrb, Hart, Hendricks, Menn, Hibbard, Howard,
Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones. Kurtz,
Letcher, Lockhart, Mason, McLanahan, Meade, Millsou,
Molony, Murray, Nabers, Olds, Peas-lee, Penn, Polk,
Powell, Rantoul, Richardson, Robbins, Ross, Savage,
Scurry, David L Seymour, Origin S. Seymour, Skelton,
Smart, Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richaid H. Stanton,
Abraham P. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin,Strother, Stuart,
Sutherland, Thurston,Townshcnd, Vcnablc, Wilcox, Wil-
driek. and Woodward—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Barrere, Bell, Bibigh.ui*, Bnwne, John H. Boyd,
Bicnton, Brig?";, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, George H.
Brown, Burrows, Lewis D. Campbell, Cleveland, Cling-
man, Conger, Culloin, Duncan, Duikee, Fowler, Giddmgs,
Goodcnow, Goodrich, Cr«y, Grow, Ilarpar, Has-call, Ha-
ven, Hebaid, Hors^ord, Houston, John W. Howe. Thomas
M. Howe, Thorns Y. How. Hunter, Andrew Johnson,
Jainus Johnson, Daniel T. Jones., George G. Knur, Kuhns,
Landry, Mann. Humphrey Mar-hall, Maitin, McCiueen,
Millerj Miner, Moore, Morchead, Newton, Samuel W.'
Parker, Pemnman, Perkins, Reed, Sacketu Stanly, Benja-
min Stanton, Thaddeu- Stevens, Taylor, Walbndge, Wal-
lace, Walsh, Waid, Washburn, Watkins, Addi&on White,
Alexander White, and Yates—70.
So the appeal was laid upon the table, and the
decision of the Chair was sustained as the judg-
ment of the House.
The joint resolution was then read a second
time.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
