1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
Mi
the Secretary of State, and the documents which accom-
panied it. MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, December 16, 1851.
The message was read.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Order ed, That it be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and be prmted.
THE CASE OF THE PROMETHEUS.
The BRESIDENT pro tem.'laid before tKe Sen-
ate the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the Senate of the United States:
I have received a resolution of the Senate, adopted upon
the 12th instant, in the following terms:
"Resolved, That the President of the United States be
' requested to communicate to the Senate, if not inconsist-
ent with the public interest, any information the Execu-
tive may ?i?ive received respecting the firing into and
—* seizure of the American steamship Prometheus bv a But-
e tali vessel of war; in November last, near Grey Town, on
( the Mosquito Coast; and, also, what meaeuics have been
4 taken by the Executive to ascertain the state of the fact
' and to vindicate the honor of the country."
In answer to this request, I submit to the Senate the ac-
companying extracts from a communication addressed to
the Department of State by Mr. Joseph L. White, as coun-
sel of the American Atlantic and Pacific Ship Canal Com-
pany, dated 2d instant.
This communication is the principal source of the in-
formation received by the Executive in relation to the sub-
ject alluded to* and is presumed to bo essentially correct m
its statement of the tacts. Upon icceivmg tlii^ communi-
cation, instructions, such as tlx; occasion seemed to de-
mand, were immediately dispatched to the Minister of the
Uiutvd States in London. Sufficient time has not elapsed
for the io turn of any answer to tins dispatch tiorn him; and,
in my judgment, it would at the present moment be incon-
sistent with the public interest to communicate those in-
structions. A communication, however, of all the coire-
spondence will be made to the .Senate at the earliest
moment at which a propei regaid to the public inteiest will
permit.
At the same tune instructions were given to Commodore
Parker, commanding the home squadron, a copy of which,
so far as they relate to the case ot the Prometheus, is here-
with transmitted to the Senate. ^
MfTXARD FILLMORE.
Washington, December 16, J851.
The message was read.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That it lie on the table and be punted.
INTEROCEANIC CANAL.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. also laid before the
Senate the following message from the President
of the United States:
To the Senitte of the United States:
Tn answer to the resolution oi the Senate of the 8th in-
stant, toques ting the communication ot a di<patoh addicted
to the Department of Stale bv Mi. Niles, late Uhaig<? i
d'Affanes of the (Jnited State* at Tuun, I tiauMiut a lepoit
from the Secretary of State, which is accompanied by a |
copy ot the dispatch. MILLARD FILLMORE. j
Washington, 1WA December, 1851. !
The message was read. j
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That it lie on the table and be printed.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF WAR.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Semite a report of the Secretary of War, ftccom-
pamed by statements showing the expenditures
from the appropriations for the contingent ex-
penses of the offices and bureaus of that Depart-
ment; which was read.
Ordered, That it lie on the table and be printed.
TOPOGRAPHICAL ENGINEERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the j
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu- I
nicatmg, in compliance with a resolution of the !
Senate of the 15th February last, a report of the I
Chief of the Corps of Topographical Engineers, \
giving the rules for the government of that corps, i
and the duties on which each ofRcer has been em- j
ployed since 1838; which was read. j
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, j
Ordered, That it lie on the table. j
PETITION^ j
Mr. CIIASE presented a petition of citizens of !
Ohio, praying an amendment to the laws relating !
to the diplomatic intercourse between the United i
States and foreign countries; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, the petition of Zachariah Lawrence, pray-
ing compensation for the capture of a British sloop
called the Venture, during the last war with Great j
Britain; which was referred to the Committee of |
Claims.
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition of the late
and present land officers at Monroe, Louisiana,
praying additional compensation for locating
bounty land Warrants.
^Ordered, Thar it lie on the table.
Mr. GWIN presented a petition of the officers
of the United States sloop-of-war Falmouth, at-
tached to the Pacific squadron, praying extra pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, a document relating to the claim of Mari-
ano G. Vallejo to indemnity for property taken
for the use of the United States troops under the
command of Captain J. C. Fremont; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CLEMENS presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Alabama, praying the sale of re-
served lands in Clark county in that Slate; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the memorial of
Peter G. Washington, John F. C. Saloman, and
William Selden, proposing to enter into a contract
for supplying the cities of Washington and George-
town with water from the Potomac river, above
Georgetown; which was referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. BUTLER presented a petition from citizens
of the districts of Kershaw and Lancaster, South
Carolina, praying the establishment of a mail
route from Camden, in that State, to Monroe, m
North Corolina; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office.and Post Roads.
Mr. WALKER presented the memorial of
Benjamin H. Mooers, for himself and the other
heirs of Benjamin Mooers, deceased, an officer in
the revolutionary Army, praying to be allowed
the depreciation on the commutation certificates
issued to their ancestor in lieu of his half-pay for
life; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
FLOGGING IN THE NAVY.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have been requested to
present a memorial, signed by a large number of
the citizens of the United States, praying for the
restoration of the law authorizing prompt and
summary punishment for petty offences in the
Navy and commercial marine. T understand the
petitioners to piay for the restoration of the law
authorizing Hogging. I move that the memorial
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STOCKTON. 1 am quite amazed, Mr.
President, at that paper. I did not believe it pos-
sible that so many people m Philadelphia could
have been found to sign such a memorial as thai
seems to be. I hardly know at this moment of
surprise what tn gay m relation to it. It is a very
important matter, which is presented to the Sen-
ate, in reference to which 1 ought not, perhaps*,
inconsiderately to discourse. 1 cannot but remem-
ber that the State of New Jersey was one of the
first in the Uiuon which approved those important
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States which secured freedom of religion, of
speech, and the right to petition, and which has so
securely guarded the State sovereignties from en-
croachments by t-he General Government. For
myself, I yield to no man in respect to the right
of petition; and as long as truth is permitted to
combat error, I will throw no obstacles in its way.
Sir, if there be a right to petition the Senate upon
such a subject, I suppose it is entirely within the
power of the Senate to take what action they may
think proper upon it; and therefore perhaps it
would be most prudent for me to postpone the
expression of my opinions, and ask that for the
present the memorial shauld be laid upon the
table, with the view of taking it up again for dis-
cussion on Tuesday next. By adopting this
course, I shall hove an opportunity of reading the
memorial. Jn the mean time, 1 give notice to
those who may be in favor of the measure, that I
will fight it from the start. Sir, I am entirely op-
posed to any such proposition; and move that it
be laid on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the prayer of the
petition ?
Mr. STOCKTON. To lick the sailors.
The PRESIDENT. If the memorial is laid
upon the table, Jt can be called up at any time.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay it on the table,
and let it lie there.
The motion to lay the memorial on the table
was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN, at a subsequent period of the day,
rose and said: Mr. President, I wish to mak* a
remark respecting a memorial which was presented -
this morning by the Senator from Pennsylvania',
[Mr. Brodhead,} praying for a restoration of
iu the Navy. Before that memorial shall
be referredto the Committee on Nayal Affairs, it
will be desirable to know whether it,is intended to-
restore flogging, or to substitute any other system
of punishment in" the Navy. That the opinion 'of
the Senate may be expressed on this subject, I
give notice that I shall call up the memorial on
Tuesday next3 and I hope the Senator from New
Jersey will then be ready to debate it.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN ANT) REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. UPHAM, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Sylve-ster Churchill, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee ou
Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Charles Lfwis,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petion of James Dunning, on the files
ot the Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John O. Means, on tfift
files of the Senate, be refeired to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate,
relating to the application of John Schley, for a renewal of
a patent, be referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was * , -
Ordered, That the petition oi Georsro Talcott, on the files
of the Senate, be leieired to^the Committee on Military
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the memonal of J. K. Rogeis,"legal rep-
resentative of David Coidory, deceased, on the files of the
Senate, be lelerred to the Committee ori Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of the legal
lepiesentatives «f John Moore, and that it be lefcrred to
the Committee on Revolutionaiy Claims.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That tin* Committee on Commerce he dis-
charged fiom the further consideration of the petition of the
Italian Mutual benevolent Society of New Orleans, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Finance.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MANGUM gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of the
personal representatives of William A. Slacum.
CONSTITUTIONAL GOVERNMENTS VerSUS ■
MONARCHIES.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso- I
lutions for consideration: *
Whereas the signs of the times are portentous of an ap-
pioachmg struggle in Europe between the republican
masses, for constitutional governments on the one side, and'
the advocates of monarchies for absolute governments on
the other; and whereas it pressmgly behooves the icpre-
sentalives of the American people of the united soveieign
States of America to seriotHy considei, and betimes to
inquire into the relations of the Government and the coun-
try to tins stiug le, and then: duty, in view of it, to them-
selves, to foreign nations, ainPthe international law: There-.
fore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Foietgn Relations
be msiiucted to inquuc into, and repoit upon, the expe-
diency of an open declaration by Congiesa to foreign na-
tions and the woild, that the (Jnited States bold smcwy to
the policy and principle, that each individual, nation, state,
oi powei, povM;^sv< for itself the evclusive right, and sole
power, to take caie and dispose of its own internal con-
cerns, without and exempt from the intervention and inter-
ference of any foreign government, state, eontedciaey,
alliance, or powci whatsoever, and that any such interven-
tion or mterfeience by, or on the part of, any foreign gov-
ernment, state, confederacy, alliance, or power,constitutes
an infraction of the law of nation.-, nuthon/aug and justify-
ing the interpoMti6n of any or ail other governments, con-
federacies, or power*, at the;r discretion, to prevent such
intervention, and to repair such infraction ot the law of
nations.
Resolved, further, That the same committee be instructed
to inquire aho into the expediency of requesting the Presi-
dent of the United States to cause negotiations to be opened
with all other constitutional governments, with a view and
to the end of obtaining their cooperation with the United
States in the declaration aforesaid, and the policy and prin-
ciple thoieof, and m the observance, defcnce, and mainte-
nance of the law of nations m this respect.
REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of Wil-
liam P. Greene, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for the relief of William P. Greene.
