10*24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJE.
April 9.
to proceed to the consideration of the business on
the Speaker's table. I do not wish that this bill
shall take precedence of others, but it is very
necessary that these bills should be taken up and
referred.
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the House ad-
journed to twelve o'clock to-morrow.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorial*, &c., wore pie^ent^d
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. 1UDDLE : The petition of James W. Dawson,
James Derrv, and 500 other citizens of the Stare of Dela-
ware, praying that the Gencial Government shall no longer
traffic, nor permit traffic, m the public land* yet m its pos-
session, but grant them in farms to such citizen*, not pos
sessed ot other land?, as will occupy and cultivate them ;
and that the jurisdiction of the public lands he transferred
to the States or Territories only on condition that Mich dis-
position be made of them.
By Mr. WALBKIDGE: The iemor:.«trance of Jlemy S.
Sherman and 14J other*, citizens ot Yates county, New
York, against the extension o  the Woodwoith patent.
By Mr. WOODWARD : The petition of the heirs of
Captain Ilicks Chappell,foi comminution pay and mteiest.
Al=o, the petition of John YV. tftueky, assistant maishal
of Sumter district. South Caiohna, piaymg additional com-
pensation for taking the census.
By Mr. McNATji: The petition o| William Kaiklinrs and
368 otheis, citizens ot Montgomeiy and Bucks counties, in
the State of Penn$>\ ivatua," praun* lor a mail route fiom
Skippack to Chailcston, in said State.
By Mr. GOODltlCII: The lemon^tianee of James M.
Pierce and others, of Windsor, Massachusetts, a2ain<t the
extension of the Wooavvorth patent
By Mr. BROWN, of Missi^.-ippi • Joint icsolution in re-
gard to the public punting.
By Mr. GORMAN: The petition of Geoige W. McLVi-
ren, praying compensation fm good:- taken and de.-tioyed by
older ofthe commandi tig otfiee:-. of the United Mates loices,
on the Island ol Brazos Santiago, dmmg the late war with
Mexico.
By Mr. FOWLER. The petition of 87 ci'jzlmi^ ot' Chat-
ham, Massachusetts, asking toi the nnnio\ emetit ol Herni-
ate hartior, Ma^achu^otN.
By Mi. McliAVAII.W: Ke-ohiiimi^ f-om t.u* Legis-
lature, of Pennsylvania, m^tinet.ntr the Sen.Hoc and le-
questing the Representative-* fioiu tuat State to vote n«aui-t
the extension of the patent for the Woodwoith planing ma-
chine.
By Mi. MOi >RU, of Louisiana : Tin1 petition of William
Epinett and 5a other citizens- of the pan-die* of Ouachita,
Franklin, and Morehause, of the State ot Loini-ian-a, piay-
liig for a po>t rond Irom Columbia to Prawn* Jetlei^on.
By Mr. STliVl'TON : The tnemoual ol Chaile* fnppm-
eott and 94 other eiti/.ens of New .Jersey, asking Congie-^
to pass a law to prohibit absolutely the deportation, ham-h-
meni, or nmnigiation lrom fotemn oouiUiie- to the (Tnit',tl
States ol' any and all eonviets, leloiw, and paupers, pubhelj
recognized as suHi at homo m then own eounmex.
By Mr. MI LLKR The memorial iioni a tai<*e numhei of
eiti'/.ens ot Missouri, praying Cmigievi tor a g ant ol lands
for the improvement oi the Des Moines mei iioni it« mouth,
at Alexamhia, to Si. i-,ranei.-\ille, 1 \ Maek water na\i a-
tion.
By Mr. i'KASLEK : The petition of Peae-on Cogswell
and others, lor an amendment <>f the pension law-, that all
invalid peiisioneis should draw p.n man the <{ate < i then
disability, or tiom tin* date ol then deelaration.
Bv Mr. ROBI.INS Uo-olution-. ot the Legi^latuie of
the State of 1'enuM I\ am a, inMrueting tnen Sena t< us and
leqiieshng their Itepie-eniahve-. m Cotigie- s- to n*o all hon-
orable mentis to prevent a iinthei e\.t"nsion of the Wood-
worth patent.
Also, the petition of George B. Zell, John A. Wall,ice,
and .11 othei citizens of the ('ommomveaith oi lVnns\lva-
nin, remonstratimr against the lenewn! oi extension of
Woodwoith's patent, lor vanoux iea<oiu theieiu stated.
IN SENATE.
Friday, .Ipiil i), I852.
Prayer by the lie v. Twttlki'Om F. Moro\st.
Mr. HUNTER. This is private hill day, and 1
I move to suspend , for one hour, the exocu'inn of |
the order assigning to-day foi the consideration of 1
private bills. If the Semite shall indulge me m i
that request, I design to ask them to take up the
joint resolution for the continuance of the work 1
on the two wings of the Capitol.
The motion was agreed to
EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now ask that we may he
allowed, during this hour, to take up and dispose
of the joint resolution to authorize the continuance ■
of the work upon the two wiusrs of the Capitol.
If we do not take it up now, I do not know when 1
we shall be able to act upon it: and we ought to
have some actum immediately. The subject
should be dwposed of either by rejecting or adopt- 1
ins; the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives. I move to take it up.
Mr. BORLAND. 3 am opposed to taking up
this subject at this time; but 1, think that if we
can take it up properly, on any day, according to
the view which I take of it, and the purposes
which this joint resolution is to serve, it can very
properly be taken up on private-bill day, and on
uo other day, for i do think that it is-, for all prac-
tical purposes, a private bill, for the benefit of pri-
vate individuals. I do not, therefore, think that
it was necessary to make a motion to suspend the
rules m order to take it up to-day, as it would
come up very properly on private-bill day.
But one reason why I do not desire it to be now
taken up, is this: The chairman of the Committee
on Public Buildings [Mr. Whitcomb] is nothere,
on account of indisposition, and probably will not
be here for some time. Another member of the
committee, the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Clarke,] was here the other day, but is not here
now. It is true, he did agree that the report
should be made, but I think the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter,] who reported the joint res-
olution, admitted, or at least the Senator from
Rhode Island, I am very sure, did say that he
concurred in the making; of the report. He did
not concur in the report itself, but allowed it to be
made. Thus the committee were divided, and
the report did not receive their full concurrence.
1 am not authorized to say that the Senator from
Rhode Island would make any strenuous opposi-
tion to the resolution if he were here; but it is well
known that he is decidedly opposed to it; and if
he were here, he would, in my opinion, offer such
reasons in opposition to it as would probably sat-
isfy a majority of the Senate. His reasons are
such as to satisfy me. He did not, however, ask
that this matter should be laid over until he came
back. He did not desire me to ask it; but, at the
same time, he expressed his opposition to the
measure; and I am perfectly satisfied, that if he
were here, he would oiler reasons in opposition to
it, such as would satisfy my mind, at least.
Mr. HUNTER. I can only say, that if the
Senator from Rhode Island had asked fur the post-
ponement of tht.-b subject until he should return, I
•would never have piessed it. I askedhiin to allow
me to report the joint resolution. It is true, lie
was opposed to if; but he allowed me to report it.
I knew that he was to be absent, and that unless
the joint resolution was reported before he went
home, there would be no quorum of the committee
left. I hope it will be the pleasure of the Senate
to consider the subject now.
Mr. RUSK. I would inquire of the Senator
whether he proposes to go on with this subject
after the hour auives for the consideration of pri-
vate bills ? If he will consent that it shall not in-
terfere with the private bills on the Calendar, I
shall not object to his motion. But if we may
judge of the future by the past, we may expect a
debate all day on this measure if it shall be taken
up. 1 know there are cases of the utmost hard-
ship where bills for the relief of parties are upon
the Pnvate Calendar. There is one case to which
I wwhed to call the attention of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I will consent to give way in
one hour if the joint resolution shall not be dis-
posed of by that time.
Mr. RUSK. Then I do not object to it.
The motion to take up the joint resolution was
agreed to.
The question was on concurring in an amend-
ment made m the joint resolution by the House of
Representatives. The resolution as passed by the
Senate, proposed to appropriate $10,000 for con-
tinuing the work temporarily. The House amend-
ment increases the amount to §500,000. It is
in these words:
Stuke out all after the resolving clause, and insert:
"That teen* he and heieby is appropnatod out of any
money in the Tieastny not otherwise anpiopnated, for the
peuod between the passing of thin resolution and the end
o! the tNcal vear terminating June at), 1Sj3, the sum of
>; v'0,000, joi ihe continuance ot the work on the two wings
ofthe Capitol/'
Mr, BORLAND. Mr. President, i place my-
self in a position before the Senate which is, I well
know, not acceptable to a majority here—a posi-
tion , sir, which is peculiarly unpleasant to myself.
I am very sure that no member of the Senate has
been more strongly appealed to than 1 have—none
whose feelings have been more wrought upon than
myself, in rcspect to this measure. I know that
a large number of individuals, poor men, laboring
men, have been brought here to work upon the
extension of the Capitol. I know their destitu-
tion—I know their suffering. Every day, and
almost every hour of the day, appeals of the very
strongest kind are made to my feelings in their
behalf. I am not insensible to those appeals. I
am prepaied to-day, at this very moment, to vote
an appropriation of money to pay these men every
dollar that is due them, to pay them liberal wages
for every day they have been here. I am willing
to go to the extent of paying their expenses to
their homes, in order that they may be placed in
the situation from which they were brought here;
so that they shall not suffer by any act of any
department of the Government, however unau-
thorized that act may have been, and as I believe
they have been in this instance. I will not leave
the laborer, who is poor and innocent, to suffer,
if I can help it.
But ] cannot give votes here upon a public meas-
ure—a measure which is to involve not the mere
amount of $500,000, now proposed, but the ex-
penditure of millions besides, the extent of which
no one can tell, upon considerations of this kind.
I cannot take counsel of my heart, whose sympa-
thies are with the poor, to violate my sense of
duty, however strong the appeals may be. I do
not believe I have a right to vote for this appro-
priation, because I do, in my conscience, believe
it is for a purpose that is not only unnecessary,
but improper. For such a purpose I cannot vote
away millions of the public ^money—and, as we
all must sec, this, though but half a million, is hut
the beginning of millions upon millions which are
to follow it, and be swallowed up in the same vor-
tex of extravagant expenditure. I do notpropose,
now, to give my views at length upon this sub-
ject. I must express my regret, however, at the
absence of a member of the Committee on Public
Buildings, who, if here, would, in my opinion, be
able to give, and would give,such reasons against
this hill as would satisfy the Senate of the impro-
priety of continuing the work, at least in the way
and upon the plan m which it has so far gone.
He has given the subject a thorough examination.
I think he understands it. I know lie condemns it.
A resolution has been adopted by the Senate,
dnpcted to the Committee on Public Buildings,
which has not yet been answered; but which, in
my opinion, is very material to an understanding
of this question. It was an inquiry as to the ex-
tension of the grounds, which will be rendered
necessary in accordance with the present plan for
the extension of the Capiiol, so far as that plan has
been shadowed forth. This plan will involve the
expenditure of a large amount of money for the
purchase of additional grounds. It is the opinion
of some, that additional grounds will have to be
purchased at a cost of at least ^1,000,000, perhaps
more. But, inasmuch as the Senate have agreed
to consider the resolution to-day, of course this
consideration will not weigh with them, and 1 shall
not press it.
In justice to myself, I must say a word about
another inquny which was directed to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings, in respect to the
strength and safety of the foundations of the two
wings of the extension of the Capitol. I did be-
lieve these foundations v  ere insecure; that they
were composed of improper materials, and were
improperly constructed; and my resolution of in-
quiry was intended to ascertain the facts, in those
respects, from competent persons. The Commit-
tee on Public Buildings applied to the Bureau of
Engineers for officers to make peisonal exami-
nation, and report upon the points in question.
Four officers were sent for the purpose, two en-
gineers and two topographical engineers, and they
have reported. They sustain, by their report, the
good character of the work, saying it is good in
materials, good m construction, good in work-
manship, and altogether sufficient in structure and
strength to sustain all the weight that may be
placed upon it. The resolution, to that extent, is
answered; and, of course, the answer will be re-
ceived as satisfactory to a majority ofthe Senate.
Whatever, therefore, may be my opinion of that
report, or of the judgment of those officeis, I am
unwilling to place myself before the country in
the attitude of a critic of a matter involving science,
engineering, and architecture, when I pretend to
neither science,nor practical knowledge enough of
either of these subjects to give effective weight to
my opinion in opposition to such authority. But,
sir, for myself, 1 should be uncandid if I did not
say that my opinion is not changed, and my judg-
ment is not satisfied.
