THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 24, 1852.
New Series....No. 119.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, demanded tellers
upon the amendment..
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Fowler and
Molony were appointed.
Mr. JONIJS. Is it in order to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Campbell,] by striking out the
words " Saturday, at one o'clock," and inserting
" to-morrow, at one minute after one o'clock" in
lieu thereof?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that would
be technically in order.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I will adopt
that as a part of the original resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL. You cannot get rid of my
amendment by that kind of operation.
The SPEAKER. It would accommodate the
action of the House if the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Seymour] be allowed to amend his
resolution.
Mr. VENABLE. He lias a right to do it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he has a
right to modify it. It will then read " that debate
shall close to-morrow, at one o'clock."
Mr. JONES. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out " Saturday, atone o'clock," and
inserting " to-morrow, at one minute past one
o'clock."
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it. was agreed to—
ayes 66, noes 55.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the question being then taken upoti^ the
resolution as amended, it was decided in the affirm-
ative—ayes Gfl, noes 55.
So the' resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, t move that
the rules be suspended, i>nd that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. St. MARTIN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion, to enable me to submit
another motion, which will occupy but one minute.
Mr. SEYMOUR. T withdraw it.
Mr. St. MARTIN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House, to submit a motion that the
Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of clerks
in the custom-house at New Orleans, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
There being no objection, the motion was en-
tertained and agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution, terminating debate on
the river and harbor bill, was agreed to, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon tlie
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I now renew the motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union (Mr. Olds in the
chair.)
river and harbor appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business
before the committee was House bill No. 282,
"making appropriations foi the improvement of
certain harbors and rivers," and that the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Ma.ri.hall] was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, concluded
his remarks in favor of river and harbor improve-
ments. [His remarks will be found in the Ap-
PelMr/JLOCKHART obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. STUART. It is evident that there are
many gentlemen who wish to speak upon this
subject, and as it is nearly dinnertime, I propose
the committee take a recess until live o clock.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I hope not. I
hope the gentleman will proceed with his speech.
119
Mr. TAYLOR. I would suggest six instead of
five o'clock.
Mr. STUART. I accept that modification.
■ The question was then put upon the motion
that the committee take a recess till six o'clock,
and it was agreed to.
And the committee then took a recess till six
o'clock.  
evening session.
T^Plouse resumed its session in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
river and harbor bill, (Mr. Olds in the chair.)
Mr. LOCKHART, who was entitled to the
floor, addressed the committee an hour in favor of
the bill. He avowed himself a strict construc-
tionist of the Constitution, and said he was pre-
pared to vote for a just system of measures, of a j
national character, for the improvement of rivers j
and harbors. In doing so he was not departing I
from the Democratic doctrine, having before him
the example of Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, j
Jackson, and Polk. He expressed the hope that
the gentlemen from Virginia, and from other sec-
tions of the Union on the Democratic side of the 1
House, would lay aside their abstractions and go ;
in for the support of this bill, which was certainly
national in its character. He expressed some ob-
jections to the details of the bill, which gave large
appropriations to the Northern and Eastern sec-
tions of the country, and comparatively small op- .
j propriations to the great western rivers.
! Mr. WALSH did not wish to trouble the com-
mittee with a speech, and gave notice that he
should write out what he wished to say in defense
! of the Committee on Commerce. j
Mr. DUNCAN obtained the floor, and entered
into a vindication of the Committee on Com- 1
merce from the charges which had been preferred
against it. The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,] he said, complained that the bill ap-
propriated too little, while the gentleman front
Virginia [Mr. Meade] complained that the bill
appropriated too much, he beinsc opposed to all :
such appropriations; and both charged the com- f
mittee with injustice and neglect of duty towards i
their particular sections. He entered into a refu- ,
tation of those charges by calling attention to the :
duties of the committee, and detailing its labors I
and the data on which its action was based. In ;
the course of his remarks he said that the committee j
proposed to appropriate as much as could be judi- ]
ciously expended by the next session of Congress.
As to the complaint of Virginia members that there ,
is no appropriation in this bill for that State, he 1
remarked that so long as they adhere to hair-split- i
ting constructions of the Constitution, they must ;
suffer the consequences and take the responsibil-
ity. He expressed the hope that the substitute i
offered by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly,] containing many objectionable
i items,andinvolvingamuchlargerappropriationof :
i money, would not be adopted. '
i Mr. VENABLE addressed the committee in !
opposition to the bill on constitutional grounds, j
He had been in the House long enough to know j
that the mere will of the majority fixed the con- j
struction of that instrument; and when gentlemen j
rise to speak about the constitutionality of a meas-
ure it excites a smile, and they are called abstrac-
tionists for endeavoring to maintain the Constitu- |
tion which they are sworn to support. The ques- 1
tion of constitutionality on the subject now before
the committee had notbeen touched, and the gentle-
men who had spoken in favor ofit had been driven i
from point to point until they had been compelled to i
take shelter under the shade of " the general wel- :
i fare." The Whigs spend all the money they can.
I It was theirpolicy,and theyactupto it. Hedidnot
S complain of them; but he wished to confine his
I remarks to those gentlemen who call themselves
Democrats. They had just returned from the
Baltimore Convention, which declared against
any general system of internal improvements.
There were seventy-three items in this bill—one
of them appropriating $5,000 for connecting the
waters of Indian river and Mosquito lagoon, at
the Haulover, Florida. ' When a small stream
was made so peculiarly Democratic as to- come
within the force and meaning of the Democratic
platform, he was at a loss to understand the
meaning of the declaration.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, addressed the
committee an hour in support of the policy^ of
making appropriations for harbor and river im-
provements. He said he could see no constitu-
tional impediment to making such appropriations
at any point where there was Federal jurisdiction
—at any point where the general commerce of the
country, whether upon the lakes or the sea-board,
demanded such appropriations. He could not
enter into the nice distinction made by some gen-
tlemen, that it was constitutional to improve the
harbors on the sea-board, and unconstitutional to
make such improvements on the northern lakes,
and the giuat western rivers. "He objected to
such a construction of the Constitution. He
could see no difference in principle between im-
proving harbors on the lakes and Atlantic coast,
and the improvement of the western navigable
streams.
[The above speeches will be found in the Ap-
pendix.] . ■
Mr. MOLONY obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. FATTLKNER, who moved that the com-
mittee rise; which motion was agreed to, there
being upon a division—ayes 8, noes 7.
1'he committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the cliair, the chairman (Mr.
Olds) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had the state of the
Union fietieially under consideration, and partic-
| ulaily House bill No. 289, making appropriations
for the improvement of livers and harbors, and
had made progress therein, but had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would ask of the House,
as it is a matter which can excite no sort of op-
position, that the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of the State of Virginia, asking to
have refunded to her moneys advanced to the
Mexican volunteers, and to submit a report which
I move, with the memorial, be laid upon the
table, and printed.
There was no objection, and the order was en-
tered accordingly.
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, the House
then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &0.
The following petition, imnnorijl^, &c., were presented
under the rule, ami rei'eireil to the appropriate committees :
1 Itv Mr. WALBTUDGH: The petition of Hermann Camp
1 and "seventy-five otlici rumens of Tompkins county, New
| Yoik, in favor of Mr. Stanly's bill making appropriations
j for ill.'* Colonization Society.
| Bv Mr. STANTON, of Ohio: Tlie petition of citizens
I ofAhami county, Ohio, proving tln> establishment of a post
| route on the turnpike from Troy to Springfield, Ohio.
1 Also, the memorial of Robert Irons, ot Logan county,
Olno, praying that ap«TMon may be granted to him forhi 
seivices m the Indian war of 1790.
By Mr. FAULKNER: The memorial of John F. Can-
non, of Warren county, Virginia, praying relief in a con-
tract made with th« Poat Office Department.
IN SENATE.
| Friday, July 23,1852.
' Prayer by the Ilev. Littleton F. Mokoak.
j On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
I Oricrei, That the e.\i cation of tlie order of tha Sonste,
I assigning Friday "f eaeli week for the consideration ofpri-
j vate claims,be suspended until one o'clock.
petitions, etc.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Amos
Knapp, praying that the pension allowed him may
be made to commence from the 3d of April, 1848;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions. , . . .
Mr. STOCKTON presented the petition of
I Anna Maria Baldwin, praying compensation for
'j time and expenses in obeying a summons or the
li TJnited States circuit court for the District ol Oo-
