1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
us, an apprehension as to the power of these foundations to
resist the pressure of the superstructure.
It may be proper, under this head, to notice a feature
of the construction, proposed by the accomplished architect
in charge. Immediately upon the foundation walls, as
now existing, he proposes to lay two courses ofmason?7—
making a depth of four feet—composed of the largest sized
blocks, carefully laid in ceroentmortar, without lime, this to
equalize the pressure of the superstructure over the whole
thickness of the wall; an excellent arrangement, which
seems to us; to promise full security against any anticipated
danger.
4. Under this general head we have perceived nothing
calling for fuithor remark.
We respectfully, theiefore, submit it as our opinion, that
the existing foundations are sufficient for their purpose.
Itespecifnlly submitted.
FRED. A. SMITH,
Captain Engineers.
J. L. MASON,
Captain Engineers, Brevet Lieutenant Colonel.
Hon. R. M. T. Hunter,
Chairman of Committee on Public Buildings,
United States Senate.
Bureau of Topographical Engineers, ?
Washington, March 30,18.~>2. $
Sir : At the request of the Committee on Public Build-
ings of the Senate, we have made a careful examination
of the foundations for the extension of the Capitol,and we
have the honor to report: That we find the masonry rests
uniformly upon the original grave) and clay of the hill; the
loundations being sunk to various depths below the present
surface in order to attain this. The foundation descends
by steps slightly inclining towards the hill, and the breadth
of the walls increases as they descend below the surfacc.
The depth of this gravel and clay we did not deem it neces-
sary to ascertain with precision, as it is known to be con-
siderable.
The stone employed m the foundations is granitic, and of
an excellent and durable quality. The lower courses, for
some four feet of height, are laid in a cement of hydraulic
lime and sand, which, at the points examined by us, has
already attained a sufficient degree of hardness.
The masonry of the rest of the walls is of the same kind
of stone, laid generally m mortar composed of fat lime,
hydraulic lime, and sand. The bodj of ihe walls is* of rub-
ble work ; the buttress©* are courted with a rubble backing.
Proper attention ^eems to have been observed in selecting,
for the points requiring the gieatest resistance, stones of the
largest manageable si/.e, a-*, for example, at the angles, and
wherever the masoniy has been carried to the gieate>t
depth; whilst upon the east fronts,and especially for walls
intended to support colonnades only, stones of t-mailei
dimensions have been used ; showing a sufficient care m the
selection and distribution of the materials.
A greater proportion of hydraulic lime might have been
advantageously used in the upper |>ortious of the masonry,
especially in the parts last built; but we think it probable
that as the season advances, this mortar will set favorably,
exccpt such parts of it as may have been injured by the frost.
This is shown by the difference in hardne&sof that having a
favorable exposure, and that laid* m the early p&u of the
winter.
Before the matenals for the superstructure can be brought
upon the ground and prepared for the work, sufficient time
will have elapsed to show and to arrest the effects of the frost
upon the mortar near the exterior pait of the foundation.
It would also be advisable that the walls be left exposed as
long as practicable, befoie embanking against them.
The stone and mortar used in the masonry of the founda-
tions of the Capitol aic inferior to that of the extension,
according to the oompanson we were enabled to make
during our late inspection, and also according to the recol-
lection of one of the undersigned, who had numerous op-
portunities of examining the pie«ent building dimng its
progress. At one point of the old wall examined, the mor-
tar was (bund «till soft. The sample taken, however,hard-
ened m twentv -foui hours after it had been exposed to the
air.
In thus expressing our belief in the sufficiency of these
foundations, we have reference, of course, only to their
ability to support the atiucture which it is proposed to erect
upon them.
In conclusion, we have to add, that we received from
the architect every assistance, and all the infoiumtion we
desired, i expecting the work. The condition in which the
work was left at the close of the last season's operations,
ami that m which it still remains, is the best evidence of
the honest intentions of all concerned in it.
Respectfully submitted :
JAMKS KEARNEY,
Lieut. Col. Topvgrtiphit nl Engineers.
THUS. J. LEW,
Captain Topographical Engineers.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to submit an
amendment that will test the question as to whether
we will proceed to prosecute this work—whether
we will proceed to the expenditure of $5,000,000
more, orwhetherwe will abandon it, after having
expended $100,000, and pay the men. °
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to ask a question of
the Senator; I do not propose to speak on this.
Why does he say five millions? The estimate is
two and a half millions.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understand it will take
about five millions. Two and a half millions is
the estimate; I think that sum can be much better
expended in some other parts of the country. If
we get through with four or five millions for the
work, including the extension and improvement of
the grounds, I shall be very glad. I do not pro-
pose to discuss this question. I desire to act,and
act decisively. I offer an amendment, to strike
out all after the word 44 that," in the resolving
clause, and insert the following:
"To enable the architect, appointed by the President of
the United States, in puisuance of the act of Congress,
approved February 13, 1850, to remove the walls designed
for the extension of the Capitol, lestore the grounds, and
pay the laborers up to the present time who have been out
of employment, in consequence of the suspension of the
work, the sum of $20,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, be and the same hereby is appropriated, and
directed to be paid to said aichttect, ont of any money m
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the accounts of
said architect to be settled by the accounting officers of the
Treasury, as accounts are now by law audited and settled:
Provided, That said architect shall pay all the laborers who
have been out of employment, m consequence of the sus-
pension of the work, the same amount which they would
have earned had the work wot been suspended ortheappro-
priation exhausted."
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I have felt
constrained, after careful consideration of the sub-
ject, to doubt the propriety of passing this bill. It
will at once be perceived, that the true question is,
whether we will go on with the contemplated en-
largement of the Capitol, or abandon it altogether.
This enlargement contemplates the erection of
two vast structures, one on each side of the pres-
ent Capitol, at a cost of several millions of dol-
lars, for the accommodation of the Senate and
House of Representatives. It contemplates the
abandonment of the present Capitol as the place
for the meeting of Congress. Both the Senate
Chamber and the Hall of the House are to be
abandoned. We, in effect, shall declare, that,
after millions expended in the erection of this
magnificent structure, it is a failure—that Con-
gress cannot be accommodated in it—and two
other buildings are necessary to furnish the ac-
commodation which was designed to be provided
by this. I cannot see this Chamber or the Hall
of this House abandoned by Congress without
regret. It appears to me to be both inexpedient
and unnecessary. This Chamber is large enough
for the accommodation of the Senate for the pres-
ent, and for a long period to come. There is
room for additional seats for the Senators from all
the new States that are likely to be soon admitted.
It is not very probable that the high privilege of
admission as a State into the Union will be cheap-
ened by admitting them too hastily. As to the
Hall of the House of Representatives, it is said
there is difficulty of hearing in it. But are we sure
that this difficulty will be avoided in the construc-
tion of the new Hall?
The embarrassment in the transaction of busi-
ness seems, however, to arise quite as much from
the use of desks, and the consequent occupation
upon other matters, as from any defect in the Hall
itself. Remove those desks, and bring the mem-
bers more compactly together, so that instead of
being distracted by other subjects, their attention
may be given to the questions immediately before
them, and much of the inconvenience now com-
plained of would be avoided. The room is suffi-
ciently spacious, unless the number of Represent-
atives is very considerably increased—and there
appears to be a disposition averse to enlarging the
number to any considerable extent. If new Halls
are constructed as large as are contemplated, and
with galleries as spacious as is proposed, I greatly
fear, that difficulties and inconveniences will be
experienced, quite as great as those we are now
seeking to avoid. I do not believe it will be like-
ly to work any improvement in the legislation of
Congress, or the character of the discussions, to
provide immense galleries, and all the arrange-
ments for a public exhibition, in order to secure
the attendance of great crowds of spectators. The
debates now partake full enough of the character
of declamation, rather than a discussion of the
questions under consideration. The facilities now
enjoyed afford tolerably ample opportunity for as-
certaining what is going forward.
• Regarding the present Capitol as too commo-
dious to be abandoned, I cannot feel justified in
going on with an experiment, without necessity,
and at great expense, to erect buildings, for the
purpose of obtaining halls, which, when complet-
ed, may not prove any more convenient than those
we now have. I would much prefei to see a por-
tion of the money these buildings would cost
employed in improving and embellishing the public
grounds, from the Capitol to the Monument. I
will only add, by way of precaution, that while I
would discontinue the proposed work, I utterly
repudiate all idea of abandoning this place as the
capital of the Union.
Mr. HALE. I simply rise to express a wish
that we may have a vote.
I concur fully in the sentiment of regret ex-
pressed by the Senator from Maine, that we should
have to abandon this Hall. But, Mr. President,
we have got to do it; and I want to do something
for those who remain after I leave. It never oc-
curred to me that one of the objects of the exten-
sion was an improvement in the character of the
debates; but if there is a possibility of such being
the effect, by all means let the work go on. I
rose to express a hope that we will have a vote,
and that no Senator will make a speech unless he
thinks that he will influence some one. I do not
think that I can do so, and therefore I pray for a
vote.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I concur in the idea of
taking the vote now. I had intended to make
some remarks in favor of the amendment, but I
comply with what I consider to be the general
desire in the Senate, to have the vote taken at
once. I ask the yeas and nays on the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I merely wish to ask one
question before I vote on the amendment.
I am very clearly of opinion that the present
Capitol is large enough to accommodate the House
of Representatives and the Senate, either in regard
to the Halls or the other conveniences. If the
object, in abandoning the work, is with a view to
the removal of the Capiiol to.the center of the Re-
public, it may be, in the opinion of some, a prop<-
osition worthy of consideration. If, on the other
hand,theohjectisto abandon it, to leaveitmerely
as it is, I cannot consent to that. If it contem-
plates, as an ulterior object, the building of a Cap-
itol in a more central situation in the Republic,
perhaps Western members should understand that
object before we take a vote on the question.
Mr. BRODHBAD. I think I can answer the
inquiry of the Senator from Illinois. 1 do not
think that the building of this extension of the
Capitol will at all influence the decision as to
whether this will be the permanent site of the seat
of Government, or not. I do not think that the
expenditure of four or five millions of dollars to
build this extension, will influence the action of
our Western friend? on this question. If we ex-
pended twenty millions, I do not suppose that fact
would induce them to vote one way or the other,
if it is desirable to have the Capitol removed to
some more convenient place, I presume that this
trifling expenditure of four or five millions will not
affect the question.
Mr. WALKER. I shall vote for this amend-
ment, and I desire to state why I shall do so; for
whether Senators may feel an interest in my views
or otherwise, there are those who may; and, as
the motives of Senators in many of the votes which
they may give are liable to be inquired into at
home, 1 will give my reasons for my vote on this
occasion, in order that my motives may not be
misunderstood. However, Mr. President,I shall
do so very briefly. This amendment proposes to
stop the work where it is, so far as the erection of
the wings of the Capitol is concerned. It proposes
also to restore the grounds to the condition in
which they were before this work was commenced.
It further proposes to pay the laborers what they
would have earned, if they had been continued in
employment. The last proposition, 1 think, is fair
and just to them, and the first, and perhaps the
best and most expedient thing that the Govern-
ment can do in regard to the work itself. I believe
that the plan adopted is one which, will never an-
swer the purpose designed, or, at least, that it
will not answer that purpose half so well as many
other plans-which might be adopted. I believe
that it will destroy the architectural beauty of the
Capitol altogether—that it will make it what has
been very justly termed by the Senator from Ar-
kansas, " an architectural monstrosity." It will
render it inconvenient to such a degree as to ren-
der it almost impossible to transact the business of
legislation, especially at the close of a session. I
am of opinion also that the proposed enlargement
is altogether greater than is necessary—perhaps
as large as;ain as the dimensions contemplated by
the committee which had that matter under charge
at the last session of Congress. It is detached
from the rest of the building; it will run beyond
the limits of the public grounds; and it will incur
an enormous expenditure, which, as has been well
observed, is chiefly to be incurred for the benefit
of private individuals.
