114
THE CXMGHMMOKAk OLOBE.
Dec. 17,
* all our discussion, and to-lay aside "all other busi-
' ness, with a view to act upon that bill," &c.
It was to this idea, thus thrown out in debate at
that time, when the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan expressed his apprehension, bgfcause of the
, vote taken the previous day, and for other rea-
sons, that no good result was likely to follow from
this committee, that it would be better to lay aside
all the pending business of the Senate, and take up
the fugitive slave bill, and act upon that alone, 
was to this stage of the proceedings that the
benatorfrom Mississippi had reference, I presume,
when lie said that he had had a conversation vfrith
the Senator from Michigan, and other Senators,
too had expressed a desire to have this law taken
_ «P'  and thafhe consulted with the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee and myself, and we differed
irom him in opinion. I shall not discuss the ques-
tion as to who was right and who was wrong in
our decisions as to the expediency of carrying out
the suggestion of the Senator from Michigan. I
Know { considered in my best judgment that I was
right, and that he was wrong; and I acted accord-
"igly. What was the state of things? The res-
olutions of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
,LAY'l I think some eight in number, were intend-
ed to cover the whole ground then agitated before
this body. Theseventh resolution had immediate
reference to this fugitive slave bill. It is in these
words:
vn'V1!?' That more effectual provision ought to be
rnaoe by law, according to tlx- requirements of tlio Consti-
tution, for the restitution and delivery of persons bound to
l,h„S m labr,r in 8ny Sta,e> who  >ay escape into any
einer fatate or Territory of the Union."
The proposition of the Senatorfrom Mississippi
was toieferthe resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky, and everything contained in them, to
special committee, which committee, by its
deliberations on all the subjects thus connected,
mlSht be enabled to present such a series of
mcasures«s would trnnc(m!ize and quiet the public
mind upon this entire subject.
The resolution to refer was in these words:
Rcsolvrd, That the President's message and ueoonipany-
'«j? documents, on tins subject of admining California, be
reiuretf to a -pr.cmt committee of fifteen, {afteiWards
%,",u"lod t0 ""itco.ii,) to be chosen by ballot, wlio« rfiltv it
J !I no to consider the yame; and also to take into eon-
~,mtlie vaiious iiriipOMtiuns now bel'orc the Senate
ating to the same subject, m connection with the subject
<>[ (joincstio slavery in all its vaiions bearings; arnltorepoit,
nntii y fincl !t Practiuilbl<! to do so, a planter the definitive
settlement of the present unhappy contiovcrsy, and rescue
110111 impending perils tile sacred Union itself."
_ The resolution, then, was to refer the whole sub-
ject, embracing the resolutions of the Senator from
ivsntucky and of the Senator from Tennessee, to
"MsCommittee,font great, practical,and wise end;
i"<?quiringof the committee to report such a series of
measures, embracing the whole subject committed,
as Would tranquilize the public miiid, and make a
final disposition of the subject committed. I went
for't earnestly and zealously. There were some
senators from Southern States—one of whom, I
more especially recollect, was the very illustrious
senator who then in part represented the State of
boutii Carolina, and who is now no more, [Air.
Calhoun,]—who thought it would be better to
defer raising that committee until the debate had
endec!. I differed from that distinguished Senator
with great diffidence and great distrust of my own
judgment; but I diltered, and believed that it was
°u> duty—a duty we owed to the subject and the
country—to take the " chance," as expressed by
the Senator from Michigan, of some good resulting
from the deliberations of such committee. As the
best_ evidence of the opinions of Senators repre-
senting giave States on the expediency of raising
tms committee, I advert to the fact that on the vote
which startled the apprehension of the Senator
!om Michigan—the vote of 24 to 20 on taking up
these resolutions—of the 84 yeas J 7 were from the
Southern States, and only 4 from the Southern
'States were in the minority of 22. T advert to this
fir the purpose of showing that those Senators
Who represented slave States, including, of course,
ihose Senators who more immediately represented'
the fugitive slave bill, went for the committee, end
in every instance voted for the reference. There
were Senators who were against it altogether. A
very distinguished Senator from Missouri, no
longer a member of this body, (Mr. Benton,) was
against it. Certain it is that he made strenuous
worts to except from its action the admission of
California as a State into the Union. That excep-
tion^ was first moved by the Senator from Con-
necticut. The Senator from Missouri afterwards
attempted it in the form of instructions to the com-
mittee,., that they should not deliberate upon it.
Further: the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walk-
er] moved to except from the reference to the
committee this very fugitive slave question. I
have a memorandum of it in my notes, showing
that on the 18th of April, he moved to except from
the reference "such parts" of the resolutions "as
related to the capture and return of fugitives from
service or labor." The vote was tafcen by yeas
and nays, and the proposition was rejected by 17
yeas to 27 nays. Amongst the 27 nays was'one i
Senator alone representing a State holding the
institution of slavery; that was the Senator from
Missouri, (Mr. Benton.)
I adduce these facts for the purpose of showing
that it.was the policy of those with whom I acted
upon the fugitive slave bill, to let that subject go
along witli the rest to the committee. It was em-
braced in the resolutions of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, directly, by a separate and independent
resolution. It was embraced in the proposed ref-
erence of the Senator from Mississippi, in com-
prehensive as well as in direct terms; and every
attempt that was made to except any part of the
general subject from that committee, was resisted
by the almost combined vote of Senators from
Southern States. I recollect perfectly—and doubt-
less other Senators recollect—that weconsidered it a
matter of great moment that these questions should
not be separated, if a committee was raised. I know,
in referenceparticularly to the bill for the admission
of California as a State, which I and some others
looked upon as the most important in the whole
batch, and against which our resistance was most
sternly directed, every effort to exclude it from the
committee failed by the vote of Southern Senators.
And I would ask of the Senate, and of the Sena-
tors from Michigan and Mississippi, with what
propriety, with what j-ustice or reason—contend-
ing as we always had contended, that if that com-
mittee was raised, the whole subject should go to
it—contending, as we had more" especially done,
that the question of the admission o?' California
should go to it—could we have asked that this
measure for the reclamation of fugitive slaves
should be alone excluded? It would have de-
stroyed the whole plan of operation, which,
whether right or wrong, was that the whole sub-
ject before the Senate, affecting the institution of
slavery in any manner, should be committed to
that committee. *
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. Will the honor-
able Senator allow me to make one remark ? I
wish simply to state, that when I brought these
facts to the attention of the Senate, upon which
the Senator from Virginia has commented, my
object only was to correct an impression that I
feared might be made by certain remark's of the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. But-
i.i:k,1 in reference to the position in which he inti-
mated, or at least suspected, certain honorable
Senators to be, in reference to the enactment of
any law upon this subject. It will be recollected
that he complained, m a special and emphatic
manner, that there had been a very decided reluc-
tance shown by Senators from the North to doing
the South justice upon this subject; and that upon
the spur of the moment, and certainly without the
least deliberation or concert, I simply rose and vin-
dicated those gentlemen by a statement of the facts
which have been referred to by the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia. My object only was to show
here, and to the eountiy, for obvious purposes,
and with the view of quieting feeling that al-
ready, I thought, had been too much marked
with extreme excitement upon this subject, that
the Senators from the North—of course I allude
chiefly to my political friends in this body—had
manifested a disposition to do full justice to the
South upon this subject. I stated the facts with
a view of doing justice to honorable Senators
whom 1 recollected distinctly authorized me to
have the interviews alluded to early in the session,
in regard to this question of slavery. I never said
anything on the subject with the vistv of causing
any one to misunderstand the position of the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, or the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, in reference to this
measure. I have always taken it that every mem-
ber in this body from the Southern States must
have felt th# necessity of some legislation upon
this subject, more efficient than- that formerly
adopted. _
_ Mr. MASON. My only object is, as is some-
times said by my friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Butler,] to take care of history—to have
this matter correctly on record* and to vindicate,
as for as may be necessary, myself and those with
whom I acted, from any charge that we had been
careless of our appropriate duties in reference to
this fugitive slave law. It is thus seen that the
motion of the Senator from Mississippi was de-
signed to take .the matter of this bill, together
with its kindred subjects, from the Senate, and to
carry them to a committee—a policy in which 1
fully concurred, and which was ultimately effected.
One great and controlling purpose was, when
that committee was raised, to except nothing from
it, but let the whole subject go to it.
Thus it was, I apprehend', that the honorable
Senator from Michigan, when, on the 13th of
March, he proposed to take up the fugitive slave
bill and act upon it separately, was, as he stated
at the time, induced to do so because his hopes of
raising the special committee had failed. He ad-
verted to the close vote taken the day before, and
declared his belief that no special committee could
be raised; or, if raised, would result in no good.
I take it for granted that the Senator from Missis-
sippi thought differently; for he continued to press
the committee, and eventually carried the measure.
Whilst the motion to refer was before the Senate,
we thought our original line of policy was the
safest, and that the whole should be referred to-
gether.
Now, as to what particular views or opinions
gentlemen held, or by what motives they wer®
governed, either separately or collectively, I Shn,
after so long a time, answer nothing. The record
shows that we desired to except nothing from the
deliberations of the committee.
Of the particular conversation referred to by the
Senator from Mississippi, I have no recollection,
though doubtless we had many. I do recol-
lect that heretofore alluded to by the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Whitcomb .J But what my answer
to him was 1 do not know, except that I declined
the proposition he made, because we deemed it
injudicious and inexpedient to press the bill at
that time. I should hold so still. I think it
highly probable that it was frequently said in con-
versation, that it would be impolitic in Southern
Senators to do it, lest, among other reasons, they
should weaken their position upon other vital ques-
tions affecting the institution of slavery, then be-
fore the Senate. The Senator from Mississippi
says, that the reasons assigned for declining a
change of our policy was, lest by so doing we
might find it " impossible thereafter to rouse the
border States to energetic action in cooperation
with the other Southern States for the vindication
of their essential rights." This may very prob-
ably have governed us to some extent in our de-
sire to keep the subject together. I should have
deemed myself wanting in my proper duty as a
representative of one of the Southern States, if I
had done anything which might tend to weaken
the position which the Southern States then held.
1 trust I have thus shown to the Senate, and to
the country, that so far as depended upon those
to whom the fugitive slave law was more partic-
ularly committed, we were not only not wanting
in our duty, but we did that which we deemed
best for the occasion, and from which certainly no
mischief has resulted, for the law ultimately passed
in a most stringent form, without any very serious
or decided opposition.
Mr. FOOTS, of Mississippi. It has ever af-
forded me the highest satisfaction on all occasions
when the matter has been discussed, to state that
I believe the whole body of Southern Seimtors had
been perfectly faithful to the South on that subject,
and that the honorable Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Mason] and the honorable Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Butler] acted not only with
fidelity to the South in reference to this matter, but
with great energy, judgment, and skill. That has
been my opinion, and I have always expressed it.
I would never have undertaken to intimate the
fact which I have stated, that Northern Senators
urged, through me, earlier action on this subject
than took place, but for the fact that certain re-
marks which fell from the lips of the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,} if unreplied to,
might leaveimpression that Northern Senators
