1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
Iambi a 5 in the case of the United States against
White; which wast referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. SEWARD submitted additional documents 'i
in relation to the establishment of a line of steam- l<
ers from Brooklyn, New York, to Gluckstadt, in
Holstein; which, with the memorial of Christian
Hansen, on the same subject, were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
EMIGRANT ROUTE TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on theTerri-
tories, to? which was recommitted the bill for the
protection of the emigrant route and a telegraphic
Jine, and for an overland mail between the Mis-
souri river and the settlements in California and
Oregon, together with an amendment by the Sen-
ator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] and another offered
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bbod-
HEAtf,} have had the same under consideration,
and directed me to report a substitute for the ori-
ginal bill, and for both amendments. I move that j
the bill be taken up for consideration, with the view I
of moving that the substitute be printed, and that 1
its further consideration may be postponed until
next Wednesday.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up and considered as in Committee of the
-Whole.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, it was
Ordered, That the further consideration of the bill be
jpostponed until next Wednesday.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Commit-
tee on Finance, to which was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives making appropri-
ations for the support of the Military Academy for
the fiscal year ending June 30th, 1853, have di-
rected me to report the same with certain amend-
ments. As I suppose that it win lead to no debate, j
I ask that the bill be considered immediately. If
it leads to any debate, I shall be willing to post-
pone it, as I do not wish to interfere with private
bills.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to consider the bill at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments of the committee were, to in-
sert the following items:
ii For riding hall, #12,000.
" For improvements and additions to officers' quarters,
f3,000.
"For additional pay to the lithographer and pressman
enipioj'od m the lithographic office, ,$.30 each—
—to add the following additional section:
{( Jlnd he it further enacted, That hereafter the assistant
professors of French and drawing shall receive the pay and
emoluments altowed to other assistant professors;-'5
and to strike out the following clause:
*< Provided, That th« Superintendent of tho Military Acad-
emy at West Point may be selected hy the President of tho
United Stales from any corjis in the Army of the United
States."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be rear] a third time.
Mr. HUNTER subsequently rose and said:
There has been a mistake m the enrollment of the
deficiency bill, and it will be necessary to rectify
it by reconsidering the vote ordering the Military
Academy appropriation bill to a third reading, in
order that we may attach to it an amendment ren-
dered necessary by this mistake. The deficiency
bill has gone to the President, and has been signed
by him; and it is necessary that we should intro-
duce speedily some amendment, in order to make
provision for what was omitted there. The item
is in relation to the compensation and mileage of
members, which was a subject of difference be-
tween the two Houses, but which was finally set-
tled. By some .mistake it was omitted by the
enrolling clerk. It is my purpose now to ask a
reconsideration of the vote oidering the amend-
ments to the Military Academy bill to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time, that
we may add a section to it making provision for
this item.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I now offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That to rectify a mis-
take which was made in tho enrollment of tii© bill entitled
(i An act to supply deficiencies in the appiopn'ations for the
seryice of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1852,"
by omitting a clause appropriating for per diem compensa-
tion and mileage of Senators, Members of the House of
Representatives, and Delegates, and agreed to by the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, the sum of $50,000 is
heieby nppropriated for that object out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
I think it due to the clerks of the Senate to say
that the mistake was not made by them. It was
macfe by the enrolling clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The amendment was agreed to; the amendments
were ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be
read a third time. The bill was read a third time,
and passed; and the title was amended, on motion 1]
by Mr. Hunter, by adding thereto the words j:
"and for other purposes." !'
THE NORTH AMERICAN FISHERIES.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu- [\
tion: |]
Resolved, That the President of the United State? be re- '
quested to communicate to the Semite, ii, in hi& opinion, |i
not incompatible with the public interests, all correspond- ,i
ence on file in the Executive Departments with the Gov- \\
eminent of England, or its diplomatic repr&tfntafives, since [|
jhe convention between the United State^and ^reat Brit- j,
am, of October 20th, 1818, touching the fisheiies on the jj
coasts or'the Cutish possessions m North Ameiiea, and the p
rights of citizens of the United States engaged in sucli fish- '
enes, as secured by said convention.
And that the President be also requested, under like lim ,!
itauon, to inform the Senate whether any of the naval forces 11
of the United States have boon ordeied to the seas adjacent | j
to the British possessions in North America, to ptoteet the ;i
rights of American fishermen, under said convention of \\
1818, since the receipt of the intelligence that a large and
unusual British naval force had been ordered theie toon- ]
force certain alleged rights of Great Britain, under said [j
convention. jj
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I have thought j'
it my duty, considering the present aspect of af- jj
fairs, so far as they are communicated to us by i
the public journals, to submit this resolution and
ask that it be considered immediately. "We are
informed, unofficially, but in a manner clearly in-
dicating that it is correct, that the British Govern-
ment has recently asserted rights under the con-
vention of 1818, in relation to the fisheries of the
north, .which, whether they exist or not, they
suffered from 1818 to 1841 to pass without a ques-
tion, and after 1841, when the question was
mooted as to the respective rights of British sub-
jects and American citizens under the treaty of
1818, they still suffered to remain in statu quo.
Sir, the British Government know well that
very large and important interests are embarked
by citizens of the United States in these fisheries.
They know that the harbors, and coasts, and
seas off their possessions in North America swarm
at stated seasons of the year—and tins, as I'Km in-
formed, is one of those seasons—with these fishing
vessels; yet, suddenly, without notice of any kind,
we are informed from the public journals, and
semi-officially, by a sort of proclamation from the
Secretary of State, that a very large British naval
force has been ordered into those seas for the pur-
pose of enforcing, at the mouth of the cannon,
the construction which Great Britain has now re-
cently determined to place on that convention.
Now, sir, I had supposed, in this civilized age,
and between two such countries as those of Great
Britain and the United States, that were it the
purpose of England to revise her construction of
this convention, and require that it should be en-
forced, comity, ordinary comity, national cour-
tesy, would have required that notice should have
been given of that determination on the part of
Great Britain. But, sir, when no such notice is
given; when, on the contrary, the first informa-
tion that reaches us is that Great Britain has or-
dered into those seas a large naval force for the
purpose of enforcing this alleged right, I know
not in what light it may strike other Senators,
but if strikes me as a far higher offense than a
breach of national courtesy—as one of insult and
indignity to the American people.
This morning, in the first paper I took up from
the North, I see extracted from one of the British
colonial newspapers, printed at St. Johns, in New
Brunswick, a formal statement of the actual naval
force oidered by Great.Britain immediately to ren-
dezvous in those seas. It consists of the Cum-
berland, a seventy-gun ship, commanded by Sir
G. P. Seymour, who, I believe, is a British admi'
ral commanding on the West India station; and
then follows an enumeration of steam-vessels,
sloops-of-war, and schooners, to the number of
nineteen, ordered to rendezvous there immediately ?
and with the utmost dispatch. For what pur-
pose? To enforce at once, and without notice to
this Government, so far as I am informed—and
yet we have some information  through the quasi
proclamation of the Secretary of State—at the
mouth of the cannon, the construction which the
British Government places upon that convention „
I do not know what view has been taken by the
President of this extraordinary movement on the
part of the British Government; but I think I do
know what the American people would demand
of the Executive under-such circumstances. If
there be official information, or information satis-
factory to- the Executive, that this extraordinary
naval armament has been ordered by Great Brit-
ain into the North American seas, forthepurpose
of executing, instanter, the construction which
Great Britain places upon the convention. I say
the American people will demand of their Execu-
tive that all the naval force on the home station
should be ordered there instantly, to protect the
American fishermen.
Sir, we have been told by the poet who mos£
deeply read the human heart, that "out of this net-
tle, danger, we pluck this flower, safety;"and if I
may be told that there is danger of collision, I
would answer at once, there >3 no danger. But
if there were, it becomes the Executive immedi-
ately to resent that which can be looked upon only
as an indignity and insult to the nation. I have
no fear, Mr. President, that war is to follow the
apparent collision which hag taken place between
the two Governments; but I confess that I feel
deeply the indignity that has been put upon the
American people, in ordering this British squad-
ron into those seas without notice; and if 1 read
the feelingsof our people aright, they will demantl
that a like force shall be instantly sent there, in
order that the rights of our people may be pro-
tected.
Sir, I do not profess the power to construe the
purpose of this movement on the part of the Brit-
ish Government; but I was very much impressed
by a dispatch which I saw in one of the late pa-
pers, but which, unfortunately, 1 have not at
hand, within the last few days—a dispatch from
the Foreign Office of Great Britain to the Colonial
| Office, advising the Colonial Office of this move-
ment—advising it that it was one that required
, celerity and dispatch, and requiring that measures
should be taken by the Colonial Office to procure
concert between the British naval force and the
colonial authorities. The reason assigned was,
that this measure was taken on the part of Great
Britain as preliminary to certain negotiations.
Now, what doe* this mean? I know not what
these negotiations are, but if it means anything, it
means that we are to negotiate under duress. Ay*
sir, at this day, that thfs great people, covering a
continent, and" numbering live and twenty millions,
are to negotiate with a foreign fleet on our coast.
I know not what the President has done; I claim
to know what the American people expect of
him. I know that if he has done his duty, the
reply to the resolution of inquiry will be, i have
ordered the whole naval force of the country into
those seas to protect the rights of American fish-
ermen against British cannon. I hope it will be
the pleasure of the Senate to consider the resolu-
tion immediately.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is not un-
der consideration, except by unanimous consent.
If not objected to, it will be considered.
There was no objection.
Mr. HAMLIN. As one of the representatives
of a State most deeply interested in the subject
embraced in the resolution, I desire to express my
gratification that the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations has seen fit to call the atten-
tion of the Senate and country to it; and I desire
; to yield a most hearty and cordial approval of
! every word and sentiment which have been ex-
pressed by that Senator. Wc are not permitted
to know at this time precisely, what is the state of
affairs between this country and Great Britain;
and it is for the purpose of knowing, so far as it
may be compatible with the public interest, what
is the precise state of affairs, that this resolution
has been offered. It is, indeed, wonderful, that
after a treaty had been acquiesced in, and after
a construction had been • given by acquiescence
for a long period of time, without notice, an arm-
ament from that Government should be sent
