1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
But, sir, taking another view of the matter, I
must say that I shall be opposed to the stopping
of this work, if it is to operate to the injury of
"chose who have in some measure been made help-
less by its delay, and on whom the action of Con-
gress has imposed a burden which is hard to be
borne. I allude to the laborers employed on the
work. I have listened with great attention to the
report of the engineers who have examined this
work. I do not profess to be an architect myself,
nor a mechanic experienced in this kind of work.
I do not know how many Senators have inspected
the work, but I know that some of them have;
and, so far as I have heard them speak in regard
to it, not one of them has spoken otherwise than
in terms of dissatisfaction; and when we come to
reflect upon the reasons of that dissatisfaction, it
seems to me perfectly astounding that such a re-
port should have been made. Everybody knows
the difference between the tenacity of India rubber
and common sand. It requires out little experi-
ence to detect the difference. Every one knows
what would be the effect of exposure of a wall to
the weather, and what would be the result at the
distance of fo«r feet within. Any one can tell
the difference in the capability of a cobble-stone
and a shell-stone, or a solid block of stone used
in the foundation to sustain the superstructure;
and so far as I have heard Senators speak of this
matter, who have personally inspected it, their
opinion is, that the woik thus far has been im-
properly constructed.
My investigations in respect to the material of
which these foundations have been constructed,
have led me to several discoveries. I passed to
the side of the wall, and took my cane—which is
a slender one. and not pointed with iron—and I put
it in one of the cracks, and actually run it to the
full length of the cane into the wall. I noticed
that a part of the filling of the wall was of brick-
bats, and I spoke of it to several persons. They
said it could I'M"it 1>e possible. I assured them it
was so-, and, that I might be doubly certain my-
self, I went to the place where I had seen the
brickbats before, and, lo and behold! they were
not'there. It was during a little rainstorm, and I
looked in vain for them where I had seen them,
for the'.brick and mortar had all fallen out. I then
looked further, to see if I could find similar places;
and I can go with Senators and show them where
1 found five hundred brickbats. I can go further,
notwithstanding the report. 1 will say that I can
find places where, with a common teaspoon, I can
scoop, from the outside of the wall, the mortar, as
easily as -a man can scoop up mush—or hasty-
pudding, as it would be called at the North.
[Laughter.]
Will you tell me, then, that this is the proper
kind of material with which to construct a wall
like that ? Have I never seen a log-cabin put up ?
Have I never seen a common chimney, or brick
building pulled down' And have I not seen the
great difficulty with which the mortar is removed
from the stones and brick? It is one of the most
difficult things to be done; and, instead ef using
a mason's trowell, they most commonly make
use of a hatchet. Yes, sir, with my little finger-
nail I can remove the mortar from the outside of
that wall. I can show a distance of four feet up
and down that wall where tiiere is not a stone as
large as my head, and I defy all the engineers be-
tween this city and Kamschatka. to point out one
as large as my head. And then, to help out this
wretched material, they have inserted brickbats,
which fall out with every rainstorm.
These are the facts; and it seems to me that
Senators cannot have inspected that wall, or they
would not have their brains so turned round as to
look with favor upon such a report as we have
had oir this subject. I know not the men who
make the report; but God Almighty only knows
how they can give such a report as that. ^ To me
it is utterly inexplicable, and probably will be to
the day of my death.
I repeat, a^ain, that I can. go5 and with. on6 iiia~
ger pick out brickbats from the outside of this
wall, which has been exposed for six months. I
have done so. Some of the Senators have exam-
ined the walls with me; and so far as we have
done it, it has been done, not as builders or archi-
tects—not as men of science, but as Senators; and
those with whom I have made this examination
have expressed themselves dissatisfied with regard
to the quality of the work. Then, while I would
not do anything to injure a single person who has
been kept here during a long and severe winter,
waiting for employment—while I would not de-
prive them of a single dollar, but would pay them—
as the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] has
said he would do—a month's wages, and, if justice
requires it, would pay them after they get home,
I am not for going on to continue the building; in
the first place, because the character of the struc-
ture, as commenced, is not such as is suited for
the purpose for which it is to be used; and, sec-
ondly, because it is to be erected on a foundation
of such a character that 1 do not believe those who
have made a favorable report upon it will live to
three score years and ten, or even to half that pe-
riod, before they will regret the opinion they have
given. I cannot believe that such a structure can
be built up upon brickbats and cobble-stones and
not crack and fall to pieces.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. CASS. 'I want to say one word, and only
one word. I voted against this appropriation ori-
ginally. I did it on the ground that the subject had
not been at all considered. It was brought up, put in
one of the general appropriation bills, and pushed
hastily through without due consideration. I ap-
preciate as much as any one the necessity of other
rooms for the House of Representatives, and, in
some measure, for the Senate. I have no doubt
that the room now occupied by the House of Rep-
resentatives is the worst room in the world for hear-
ing—the worst room in the world; and I think that
every just consideration in regard to correct legisla-
tion, as well as what is due to the public, requires
that they should have a better room. What I
was afraid of was, that the architect would sacri-
fice everything to the beauty of architecture. I
was afraid that, instead of looking to the just prin-
ciples of acoustics, he would look to the orna-
ments of the structure, and that we should have
the same number of breaks in the room as we have
now. But I am told that he has avoided that, and
that it is to be a plain room, where the sound will
be reverberated perpetually till it is all expended.
We have gone on so long that I think we should
continue the work, for I don't like this eternal va-
cillation in legislation on any subject. Although
I voted against the proposition in the first place, I
think we should now go on till the work is com-
pleted. If it were a simple vote for the com-
mencement of the work, I should vote now as I
did before.
The question was then taken and resulted—
yeas 11, nays 30, as follows.
YEAS—Messis. Adams. Borland, Bradbury, Brodhead.
Cliase, Dodge of Iowa, Moiton, JVorns, Wade, Walker,
and Weller—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Berrien, Brooke, Cass, Clemens,
Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Felcli,
Fish, Geyer, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, King, Mallory, Man-
gum, MiIIci, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Sebastian, Shields,
Smith. Spruance, Stockton, Sumner, Underwood, and Up-
ham—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. Thequestion now recurs
on the adoption of the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I desire to offer an
amendment. It is to strikeout the words "five
hundred thousand," and insert " two hundred and
fifty thousand."
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken on
that amendment, I would inquire of the Senator
from Virginia, what amount has been asked for by
the Executive for the continuation of this work?
Mr. HUNTER. I am not able to answer the
question of the Senator with certainty; but my
opinion is that the Secretary of the Interior rec-
ommended $350,000. The House of Represent-
atives substituted §500,000. 1 suppose that if a
work of this kind is to go on, this sum would not
be too much, as it will not probably be completed
within five years. I believe, although I only
speak from imperfect recollection, that the esti-
mate of the Secretary of the Interior was $350,000.
Mr. MANGUM. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Buildings—for so
I understood him to say—if the $500,OOfl voted by
the House of Representatives for this work is de-
signed to cover not only this fiscal year, but to go
to°the end of the fiscal year 1853?
Mr. HUNTER. Y'es, sir.
Mr. MANC UM. And I would further inquire,
whether, for that time, that sum is not much less
than the Secretary of the Interior requested—■
whether it is not diminished one half? Is that so,
sir?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir. That is so.
Mr. BORLAND. I have examined with some
care the report made by the architect,_and it ap-
pears that the whole of the materials, so far as I
can judge, for the whole building have been con-
tracted for. Everything seems to be under con-
tract, even to the term of some five years.
In view of this, let the Senate notice, and let the
country know, that this Administration, upon a
simple appropriation of $100,000—and that, as
remarked by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass,] without much time allowed for considera-
tion—put into a general appropriation bill at the
hurried close of the session, and put there in very
peculiar phraseology, has placed at the discretion
of an individual who is not an officer of the Gov-
ernment, and with whose appointment the Senate
had nothing whatever to do, the expenditure of
millions of dollars of the public money. Sir, if
we recognize and sanction such acts as these—and
surely we are doing so by this appropriation—we
recognize the authority of the Executive, upon
any appropriation, whether large or small, to in-
volve this Government in debt to any amount,
'extending through any number of years. It may
suit the views which some gentlemen entertain of
Executive omnipotence and infallibility to allow
this, and to sanction it. It is not in accordance
with my sense of duty and responsibility. I shall
vote against it. This is not the mere appropria-
tion of $250,000, or of §500,000. It is, in effect,
whether the Executive has unlimited power and
control over the public Treasury—whether, upon
a little appropriation of §100,000, the President
can, without consulting Congress, incur obliga-
tions for the Government, and involve us in a
debt to the amount of millions, and throughout an
indefinite period of time. These are the ques-
tions, and this is the issue. It seems to me if we
sanction the President's unauthorized acts in this
instance, we abandon the only ground upon which
we can resist any of his unauthorized acts here-
after. I, for one, will not abandon that ground.
Regard this matter in any aspect we may, and
it seems to me that the course of the President, as
well as the proposed action of the Senate, is
among the most extraordinary that I have ever
been called upon to consider. Here, sir, under
the very limited authority derived from three little
lines in a general appropriation bill,passed hurried-
ly at the very heel of asession, to expend the specific
sum of $100,000, we find the Government involved
to theamountofmillionsofdollars, and for at least
five years in the future! And through what sort of
instrumentality? Why, sir, through an individual
who is no officer of the Government, and who,
whatever maybe his relations to the President,
certainly owes no official responsibility to Con-
gress, the only source in which the people have
deposited the money power of this Government!
And that individual one whom the Senate refused
to concur with the President in appointing to an
inferior and far less responsible position! Sir,
this is, indeed, an anomaly in the transactions of
this Government. The like of it—or even an ap-
proximation to it—I have never witnessed, I have
never heard of before—God forbid I should ever
witness or hear its like again. And yet, if we
sanction it, as we shall do by the passage of this
bill, is it not an invitation and encouragement to
the Executive to repeat it ? If he has gone so far
upon one hundred thousand dollars, what may he
not do upon five times that amount! Look, sir,
at the checks and guards we* throw around the
disbursements of the public money, and every
other responsible function, in every other branch
of the public service ! Why, there is not a purser
in the Navy, a paymaster, quartermaster, or com-
missary of subsistence, in tne Army; not a post-
master throughout the country, whose salary is
$1,000 a year—nay, sir, not a justice of the peace
in the District of Columbia, in whose appointment
does not require the concurrence -of the Senate.
And yet, in this instance, where far more import-
ant duties are to be performed, where-far heavier
responsibilities should be boine, and where mil-
lions of the public money are to be expended at
discretion, an individual is intrusted with all these
important and delicate duties, and put in the
place of this high responsibility, whose appoint-
ment not only has not our concurrence, but has,
long since-, for a far inferior and less responsible
