1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1891
into those waters. What am its peculiar objects,
his impossible for us to tell. That there is some
ulterior purpose beyond that which is borne upon
the face of the matter5 in my judgment, is quite
certain. Indeed, it has been whispered—rumors '
have come to my cars—that it is taken m connec-
tion with the question of reciprocity of trade with
the British colonies surrounding us- Whether it
be so, or whether negotiation is to be demanded,
or legislation to be asked under duress, I am sure
we are not permitted to know. But, if that be
the case, it was well said by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, that in this age, ay, at this hour, it is won-
derful, indeed, if either negotiation or legislation
should be attempted by such a course. We could
neither legislate nor negotiate under such a state
of things, without dishonor or disgrace, nor
would we.
This is a very important question, however, to
the States that compose the Northern section of
this Union. Their interests are extensive. The
individuals who are engaged in these fisheries are
numerous, and their lifetime is one of danger and
disaster; and while the treaty has been acquiesced
in, and a construction given to it by acquiescence
for a long period of time, it is nevertheless true,
and is well known to all of us who reside m the
immediate vicinity, that there have been many oc-
casions when its plain principles have been vio-
lated, and our fishermen have been subject to an-
noyances, and their vessels seized and confiscated
upon more than one occasion, when it is justly
believed they had not fallen within the provisions
of the treaty stipulations. They have never been
free of annoyance. What is to result from this
movement remains to be seen.
It is not my purpose, at this time, to go into an
accurate account of the extent of that interest, or
of the persons who are directly connected with it.
As one class of our population, however, there
are none who have more justcallsupon us for pro-
tection in their just rights. Wherever a naval
battle has been fought, on the ocean or on the
lakes, the men interested in those fisheries have
been the individuals who have added luster to our
flag in every such engagement; and they are, in-
deed, entitled to all the protection which the treaty
stipulations of the Government can give them.
That flag which they have so patriotically sus-
tained on all occasions they may well look to for
protection now, and I am rejoiced that the chair-
man of the appropriate committee proposes to
make the appropriate call upon the Department.
When we shall learn definitely what is the precise
state of affairs, [ shall concur most cheerfully with
the Senator in carrying out the just demand which
he has made. This is not the time, in my opinion,
when a discussion should be had upon thegeneral
question. The resolution itself shows that we
should have that definite information which we do
not now possess. When that shall aiise, I will
endeavor to show the extent and magnitude of!
this great branch of industry, and its connection
with the commerce and prosperity of the country;
and I believe I can satisfy all that our fishermen
may call upon us for protection in all their rights;
nor do I doubt that they and the commerceof the
country will receive that protection from our Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I desire also to
express my full concurrence with the remarks that
have fallen from the Senator "from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] and my gratification at the character of
those remarks, equall}7 statesmanlike and patriotic.
It seems to me that the course of the British Gov-
ernment in this matter, so far as we can under-
stand it, is one of the most extraordinary pro-
ceedings that has occurred between nations in
modern times. What the object is, I cannot pre-
cisely determine to my own satisfaction. Whether
it is to try us, or to provoke us, or with some ul-
terior object, I do not undertake to say; but, in
any event, I trust that this Congress, as I am sure
the American people, will stand up to their rights,
whatever they may he, and maintain them. But
there is a question, independent of any doubt that
may arise on the construction of the treaty, as to j
our right to fish within a given distance from the i
British colonial coasts. Here is a treaty which 1
has been in force more than thirty years, and !
a practical construction has been put. upon it i
from the day it was made to this day, without !
contradiction. Now, in this state of things, 1
what do the British Government do? They do 1:
not enter into a negotiation to remove the difficulty*
They draw the sword and cut the Gordian knot.
Instead of amicable negotiations with a view to
terminate the difficulty between us, they resort to
force in the foce of'the world. But I trust^his
Government will meet the British Government
face to face.
.But I may be allowed here to express the regret
I feel that one word has been published in the
papers on the subject, by way of warning to the
fishermen; for I understand by the remarks in one
of the respectable papeis here, that that was the
view with which a publication was made. This
is a mistake. It is in fact saying to the fishermen,
" There is great doubt in regard to this question.
Take care how you go there until that doubt is
removed." That is not the way to meet such a
question as this. It is not proper to meet it bjfe
throwing out doubts to the country and to the '
world. We should stand upon our position until
the question is met by fair negotiation, and not
say at once to the world, " There is great doubt
upon this subject—great doubt whether we will
support our fishermen, and therefore we tell them !
to take care how they go there. We should stand
upon the position we occupy, upon the construc-
tion put upon the treaty for almost half a century;
and we have a right to say to the British Govern-
ment, 4< If there is any doubt upon this subject let
us negotiate, and do not draw the sword and cut
the knot." I fully concur with every word that \
has been said by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have heard it
rumored—and I speak only from rumor—that this
matter is now under the consideration of gentle-
men clothed with power to negotiate. The news-
papers inform us that the British Minister has j
gone to Boston, and the letter-writers state—and
I suppose they tell the truth—that he there meets
the Secretary of State to consider this matter. If j
there is really any difficulty I hope they will find
some mode of adjusting it; hut I must confess
that, though I may be wanting in the earnestness j
of patriotism which belongs to gentlemen in this
Chamber, I have really felt no alarm—no appre- j
hension for the safety or the peace of the country '
—none whatever. 1 feel no anxiety, because I
see nothing which menaces our tranquillity or
promises to disturb our repose, and I think I ap-
prehend, to my own satisfaction, what lies at the
bottom of the matter on the British side of the
question. I think my friend from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin) has got hold of the key which unlocks
and exposes all that may seem mysterious in what
has occurred in the Provinces.
There has been for some considerable time past
a'pretty earnest and determined effort made to
open between these colonial governments and the
Government of the United States, what they call
reciprocity in trade. Certain propositions, known
by that name, have been brought forward in Con-
gress, and one is now pending in the other House.
There have been bills, called bills of reciprocity,
reported to each of the Houses, in former sessions,
which failed to become laws. I may say, that
whenever I see a bill that has any claim upon its
face to its title—a bill that is actually reciprocal in
its character—I shall give it a very careful consider-
ation. Hitherto I have seen none. I have seen a
pietty strong and urgent effort made by these
colonies to open what they call a reciprocal trade
with this country, but that reciprocal trade, if you
examine the bills brought forward, will be found
to contain conditions in favor of their own people,
while the reciprocity is not extended to us.
Whenever that is extended to us, I shall be dis-
posed to treat it with great respect. But a meas-
ure of this description must look to our interests,
as well as to that of our neighbors, or it can have
no claim to be called reciprocal.
I feel as sensitive perhaps as any gentleman
upon this floor, and desire to give the most ample
and the most complete protection to the fishing
interest, which is mixed with this question of re-
ciprocity; and I declare with the greatest sincerity
that I do not believe that in all of the great inter-
ests of this country there is one that deserves and
merits protection more. I know of no interest
where the dollars which are earned are earned
with more labor, more toil, more peril, or more
sacrifice of personal comfort and enjoyment. Sir,
the fisherman pursues his employment upon the
open, tempestuous Atlantic ocean, enduring all
the hardships which belong to that laborious pur-
; suit, all the privations and all the sufferings which
j separation from home and a continuous isolated
■ condition on the sea implies* and after all obtains
j nothing but a moderate, a humble living. That is
' their choice, however; for the world is open to
them as to others.
But there is a national pointof view in this mat-
ter which is deeply interesting to us. These men
who go upott the Grand Banks and upon the
Labradorcoast to fish are generally native citizens.
There is scarcely an exception; they are native-
born citisens, and from that nursery springs the
great body of navigators and men of enterprise*
who adorn and embellish the country. I say it
here, sir, fearless of contradiction, that if you take
away this protecting arm of the Government, you
take that which is more essential to you in the
defense of the country than any one thing which
can be named. Why, sir, the enterprise, the
skill, and the courage of these men arft manifest
as far as our name and fame extend. They carry
your commerce everywhere, and they give to it
the high character which it has attained. With-
out them and their maritime skill we should sink
down into the condition of France, and other
countries, which have not found themselves capa-
ble of carrying on successfully a great- and ex-
tended commerce with other nations. This isthe
nursery of the skill and strength which are indis-
pensable to success on the ocean. As a money-
making business, I may say to you, what will be
found to be true on analyzing the subject, that the
profits of fishing seem incapable of alluring any
one into the pursuit. But as a maritime subject,
it is clothed with interest in every point of view.
Hence it is I would give to them heartily and
cordially, under all circumstances, the protection
which they deserve. But while I desire this, it is
fitting and proper that I should repeat what has
been declared by the Senator from Maine, th.a^
these fisheries have been more or less attended
with controversy and difficulty atall times. There
are, as the Senator from Virginia justly observed,
fishing grounds lying within the exclusive juris-
diction of the colonies that are valuable, and they
desire to participate in them. Through accident
or through inattention they sometimes get upon
those grounds; sometimes their vessels have been
seized; and it may be lawfully, but sometimes it
is said unlawfully condemned. But that seizures
have taken place from time to time we all know.
At what time Great Britain put the construc-
tion on the treaty which raises the difficulties
which are now said to exist, I am not at this mo-
ment informed; though I do know that the con-
troversies have been so grave as to cause remon-
strance which was followed by negotiation. I be-
lieve we do not claim, we never have claimed, the
right to fish within the limits of her jurisdiction
without her consent—that is, within three miles of
the coast; but I have understood she sets up a
claim of this kind: there being on the coast of
her colonies large bays and inlets of the sea that
are very extensive in their character, she says, in
giving interpretation to the treaty, that when the
headlands of such bays are within six miles of
each other, she claiming jurisdiction three miles
from each coast, we cannot enter to iish. That
is probably the chief matter of controversy. This
is not the time to discuss that point, or to vindicate
the ground which we maintain. It is said, how>
ever, that an unusual force—and 1 believe it is an
unusual one, one of unusual numbers, of unusual
strength—has been ordered to protect this right.
I see nothing more avowed than the purpose of
protecting their lawful right to what the treaty of
1818 concedes. This may or may not cover the
motive. I can find some solution of what seems
at least unusual in the suggestion of the Senator
from Maine. I have seen the rights of navigation
upon the St. Lawrence more stringently asserted
than formerly. There was a time when courtesy
would pass a vessel of the United States through
the canals of the Province, but such privileges
are now denied or reluctantly conceded. I have
been told of late that it cannot be passed upon
any terras. You hear the matter of the free
navigation of the St. Lawrence much discussed,
and that of the St. Johns also. The latter, per-
haps, is, to some extent, more important than the
former.
But still there are gentlemen—the Senator from
Illinois for example—who esteem the free naviga-
tion of the St. Lawrence of very high importance.
