1892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J uly 23,
That may be, though I believe the effect of the
internal improvements of the United States has
been to divert a very large portion of the trade of
the St. Lawreace through New York. That has
treen the result; but still that is a great highway,
and it is desirable that it should be opened, though
if the Canadians desert it for highways of ours it
remains to be seen whether we have genius enough
to make it available to great practical uses.
These colonial gentlemen are earnest for permis-
sion to bring their products free of duty into our
markets, and they wish to barter the navigation of
these rivers and the fisheries for this privilege; and
what more natural than in this earnestness they
should esteem it advisable to straighten the line,
and to refuse the courtesy that has heretofore been
extended, and if the fishery laws have been alittle
laxly administered, to hold us up to the full letter
of the law, and, perhaps, alittle beyond it? I can
find a solution of that sort that satisfies rnv own
mind very well; yet 1 profess no knowledge upon
this subject but what is open to everybody, it is
gathered, in fact, from the circumstances which
surround us—nothing else. Now, I do not be-
lieve, any more than the Senator from Virginia,
that anything very serious is to grow out of it;
but still it is certainly a matter to which the atten-
tion of the Government ought to be directed.
They ought at least to take pains to investigate
the subject, and see whether there is anything that
deserves consideration on the part of this country;
and if there is f trust they will make the appro-
priate movement.
I hardly know what better guarantee we can
have than that which I suggested in the outset of
my remarks. If the Secretary of State and the
British Minister are together in consultation on
the subject, I dare say, before they part, we shall
know and understand the length and the breadth,
the depth and the height of this whole subject.
Nevertheless, so far from having any objection to
the passage of the resolution now under consider-
ation, 1 most heartily and cordially approve of it,
and shall be gratified to see the information for
which it calls, and gratified to look a little more
into the subject; and if there is anything deserving
the attention of the Senate. I know it will get it.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I wish to
make a single remark. I do not know what may
have been the British policy upon the subject of
the fisheries; but I know that the British Govern-
ment has become a good deal excited on the sub-
ject. I have reason to say so. In 1832, as 1 am
informed, and I know at later periods, (in 1845,)
the British subjects upon the Bahama Islands, and
other neighboring islands, did apply to the Gov-
ernment for leave to fish, believing they had be n
unjustly excluded by the fishermen from the
Worth, who had gone there. Now, it may be that
Great Britain has done this with a view to bring
this subject to a negotiation; and I confess it is a '
singular form, in which they have proceeded, to
reach that result. But they wish to make some
issue; they wish to make some negotiation on the 1
subject. 1 dislike to see an issuemade by arms, i
in the first place, to be ended peaceably. Of course, '
I wish for a peaceable end; but I think negotiation ,
should precede the arms. I think it would be i
better to commence the matter with negotiation i
instead of arms. ( agree very much with the Sen- I
ator from Massachusetts, that it would be better I
(a leave the matter to the negotiation of those in 1
whose hands it is at this lime. That would be
quite as safe as if it were made the subject ofnop-
ular agitaiion.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not come from a por-
tion of the country which is supposed to be di-
rectly or deeply interested in the particular inter-
ests involved in the question now before us. But,
sir, I do feel deeply interested, as my constituents'
do, m every question which affects the honor of:'
this country and its proper relations wish other jj
countries. For that reason I would add a few I!
words to what has been said.
1 concur most fully in the views which have
been expressed in favor of the adoption of the
resolution. I hope it will be adopted unani-
mously. But while I do so, I must express also
the astonishment and regret I have felt that there
should be any necessity for it; and that instead of
our calling upon the President for information upon
this important subject, the Executive should have
failed to communicate to us, voluntarily and a'
once, all that he has in regard to it. It cannot be"
said that the Executive does not attach import-
ance to the question itself, to make it a matter of
communication, for we find in the newspapers
such communications from the Secretary of State.
And I have here, in a la'e New York paper, dated
tWQ,days ago, a letter from him to the editor of a
Boston newspaper on this subject. In those com-
munications—the one a sort of proclamation to the
fishermen, whose interest are directly involved—
and the other to the Boston editor, furnishing a
portion of an old official record—and both together
evincing, on his part, a familiar acquaintance with
the whole subject, both past and present, and
showing that, m a certain sense, he is not indif-
ferent to its importance. And more, and what
1 regard as far more serious by his manner of
treating it, as suggested by the honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] casting doubts over
♦he rights of our citizens—rights which have not
before been questioned. Thus, sir, the Secretary
of State has made the matter one of newspaper
publication and popular discussion. Now I ask
if this subject, involving the rights of our citizens
as endangered by the hostile acts of a foreign
force, be of sufficient importance to' call forth the
Secretary of State in public proclamations to warn
the people of impending danger from such a source,
what has withheld his hand from communicating
all his information in regard to it to the two
Houses of Congress, who alone are competent to
deal with the question in its most serious aspect—
who alone are authorized and able to take efficient
measures for the full protection of the interests
and honor of the country ?
Sir, it may be true, as the Senator from Massa- i
chusetts has said, that the proposition for recipro- j
cal trade between the British Colonies and the I
United States is at the bottom of this. But, 1 ask,
if that be so—if all the views he expressed on
that subject be correct—if such a course as has '
been pursued be the way to open negotiations with
us ? Has it ever happened before, in the whole j
history of our country, from the day when our j
independence was acknowledged by Great Britain i
until this Administration, that negotiations have t
been opened with us through the medium of can- ]
non pointed against our citizens and our ships?;
If there be such an instance in our history, I con- j
less my ignorance of it; and I would gladly have 1
remained in ignorance to my dying day that such i
a thing could be. But, whether 1 be ignorant on ■
this point or not. I am very sure of one thing—
that its existence at the present time will not only
not be tolerated by the American people, and
should not be tolerated by their representatives
in either House of Congress; and more, sir, its
toleration for one moment at the other end of this
avenue, by those intrusted with the Executive
management of our foreign relations, while it
should be held up before the people's eyes, will
be inevitably sure to receive the people's condem-
nation, as it ought to receive it, in terms the most
decided and emphatic.
It has been said, in the course of this discus-
sion, that a negotiation, perhaps, is going on be-
tween the British Minister and the Secretary of
State at Boston. If that be true, it is certainly a
most extraordinary proceeding, that negotiations,
involving a question of such importance as this,
should be carried away from the seat of Govern-
ment, from the neighborhood and beyond the ob-
servation of the whole Cabinet, and of Congress,
to a remote town, made, as it were, a matter of :
summer recreation, rather than a national business I
here, at the appropriate place, and under legiti-
mate, accustomed, and appropriate influences. But '
I am not satisfied that this suggestion is true. So t
far, it seems to be a mere newspaper rumor, which I
is fully offset by a very positive newspaper state- I
ment which contradicts that rumor ilatly. The !
New York Herald (as reliable for such mforma- '
tion as any paper we receive) declared positively, ■■
on yesterday, that Mr. Crampton was neither j
then at Boston, nor had been there at all; and that i
the rumor that he and the Secretary of State were j
engaged in negotiations there, had no foundation |
whatever in fact. ;
Mr. ADAMS. I have no objection to the pas- '
sage of the resolution. The resolution itself ad-j
monishes the Senate that we are not advised of all I
the facts in relation to this matter; and until we I
are advised and have all the information that can I
be obtained in reference to this controversy, I j
submit to Senators, that it is not altogether proper
to create a war panic about matters of which the
statement of every Senator shows we are not ad-
vised. Articles in newspapers, and such like in-
timations, together with a letter from the Secretary
of State, are all the informs tion which we have upon
the subject. The inquiries contained in the reso-
lution are not only right and proper, but I think
they ought to be made, and to receive an early
answer. Yet I do not think it is the best policy
for the proper conduct of these negotiations, that,
in this body, there should be a war panic or de-
nunciations by the one side or by the other. I think
this discussion is premature; that we should ob-
tain all the information that can be obtained
before we so fearlessly assert, that we will main-
tain our position. I think we should first ascer-
tain that we are right, and then talk of maintaining
our position. I have no fear, sir, that our Govern-
ment will not maintain its position when that is dis-
covered; but first let us have the information, and
then determine whether or not we are right. And
if we find that we are right, then the idea of either
Great Britain, or any other Power holding an
armed force over this Government, will only ex-
cite a smile on the countenance of every American
citizen; for the British Government cannot so far
misunderstand the American character, as to sup-
pose that such a course would have any influence
in determining any action on our part, which it
might be desired by such Power that we should
take.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall vote with very great
pleasure for the resolution of the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign P^elations, [Mr. Mason.]
I have read it with some care; and I perceive
that it is limited to two objects—in the first
place, a call for the information in the possession
of the executive branch of the Government; and
in the next place, for information as to whether
that branch of the Government has resorted to any
measures for the purpose of exhibiting, on the part
of the United States, an armed force in the waters
which are the scene of the difficulties which have
arisen. I see nothing improper in the calls made.
While all of us feel the importance of the fisheries,
on the northern shores, to the United States, it
must also be admitted that there is no one Slate—•
either Maine, for which the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce [Mr. Hamlin] has spoken;
or Massachusetts, for which another Senator [Mr.
Davis] has given expression—that is more inter-
ested than another in this question; it is very clear
that there can be no collision of the forces, or of
any portion of the forces, of Great Britain and
the United States on the Bay of Fundy, or in the
waters adjacent, which will not necessarily in-
volve this whole conntry in the blaze of war; and
if that event should arrive, there is no part of the
Union that will be exempt from its calamities, and
certainly that State which I, in part, represent,
will be one of the first to be visited with its re-
sponsibilities and its disasters.
While, therefore, I see, and admit, the propri-
ety uf calling for Lhis information; if it be true, as
there seems to be no doubt that it is, that the
British Government has exhibited a force prelim-
inary to negotiation, and while I think that the
suggestion is a pertinent one that the Govern-
ment of the United States should be prepared with
a corresponding force for the purpose of main-
taining an attitude equally commanding ar.d ad-
vantageous for negotiation; while I think that
this resolution, in itself, is not only harmless, but
proper, I must deprecate, with the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] if I understood the
spirit of his remarks correctly, any undue ex-
citement on this subject.
It is a great, and important question, and
whether it is to be terminated, as I have no doubt
it will be terminated, peacefully; or is to be termin-
ated by a sterner arbitrament, it is very clear
that it will be conducted most wisely and most
safely on our part, if we keep cool dnrm"- the
present stage of the controversy; and I, for°one,
propose to keep myself in that temperament. Nor
do I think that there is anything extraordinary in
newspaper accounts of the negotiation on this
subject. _ We all know that the honorable and
distinguished Secretary of State is accustomed,
precisely at this season of the year, to resort to his
native climate as a protection against that of this
latitude, which is injurious to his health, and he
resorted there before any of these questions had
arisen. He is there recruiting his energies and
