116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 17,
feelings which they cherish towards their brethren of the
slaveholding States. _ ., ,
You will therefore perceive, Mr. President, that
a distinct issue was thus made up, and an appeal
was made to the virtuous, intelligent, and patriotic
mind of the people, and their decisive result is
well known. Shortly after both candidates were
nominated I took occasion to declare my own po-
sition upon the question, and state my view of the
issue to be decided, in a letter which I wrote to a
Philadelphia committee, an extract from which I
beg leave to read to the Senate.
- " Political issues are to lie determined this fall in our good
old State, which justly occupies so important a position be
tween the dividing interests of the North and the South
of the gravest character, in a State as well as a national
aspect. I need not name them all. The true friends of
the Union throughout the Confederacy look with anxious
solicitude to the result. No State election was ever held
so important in its national bearing. Pennsylvania is now
to decide what she esteems to be her duty to her sister
States upon the slaveiy question. She is now to decide
how she construes the compact of Union. The Democratic
party and its candidate frankly declare their purpose faith-
fully to execute the provisions of the Constitution, the tu-
«itive slave lan' without complaint or modification, to
repeal all obstruction laws, and to cherish fraternal feelings
toward their southern brethren. Governor Johnston, the
Willi; nominee, (for whom personally I have the highest
regard,) is pledged to a different policy; modification or
repeal of the fugitive slave law, further agitation of the
slavery question, and no repeal of the obstruction laws.
Now, let us have an election which will decide something;
for the salety of the Republic requires that there should be
some end to the discussions about negroes and negro sla-
very. Let us see whether the National Whigs, as they
call themselves, and the Abolitionists can unite m support
of Governor Johnston. There has been heretofore too mueli
paltering with grave and important questions prior to elec-
tions, and the result was witnessed in the fearful struggles
of the Inst Congress, and can now be seen in the difference,
of opinion which exists between the Whig national and
State administrations."
It seems to me, therefore, I have submitted
sufficient evidence to the Senate to show that the
fugitive slave law will be faithfully executed iti
Pennsylvania, and that one reason assigned by
the Seriater from South Carolina for desiring to
withdraw from the Union lias no foundation in
fact.
While up, Mr. President, 1 be£ leave to refer
to another malter, in connection with this subject.
It lias been asserted that my honest, patriotic, and
true-hearted predecessor, (Dr. Sturgeon,) who
voted for the fugitive slave law, was not reelected
on that account. Sir, that is not the fact. The
people of Pennsylvania approved of that vote. If
1 had been here, I would have voted in the same
way; and those who elected me very well lsnew
it. My position in regard to the Wilmot proviso
and Abolitionism was and is well known.
Mr. RHETT. In the observations which I
made the other day , I was very far from desiring
to cast any imputation upon the ancient Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. I thought myself fully
justified by the facts as they have occurred, to
suppose that the fugitive slave law would not be
there fully executed. I think my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania has shown sufficient grounds
himself, in what he has now submitted to the Sen-
ate, for the belief which I had intended to express.
He has told us that the Governor of Pennsylvania
refused to sign an act repealing the prohibitory
laws which stood in the way of the execution of
the fugitive slave law in Pennsylvania. He has
told us further, that it became an issue in Penn-
sylvania; that the Democratic party took issue on
that question, whether those laws should be exe-
cuted or not. lie tells us that the Democratic
party have prevailed; but by what majority?
Why, I believe by a majority of some six or eight
thousand out of over three hundred thousand
votes cast. The question was made a party issue,
in which one half the people were arrayed against
the other half. Under such circumstances, had I
not good grounds to suppose that a law of this
kind could not and would not be faithfully exe-
cuted' One man on a jury may defeat the execu-
tion of a law.
Several things are yet to occur in Pennsylvania
which may alter the impression which I have en-
tertained. If the Legislature of Pennsylvania
should again pass an act repealing those prohib-
itory laws, certainly it will be a strong indication
on the part of that State that she is determined to
carry out the fugitive slave law in good faith. An-
other requisite is, that all offenders who have
resisted the execution of the law should be pun-
ished. That is yet to be shown. Although the
honorable Senator—and I have no doubt he speaks
with the utmost confidence in his opinion—says it
will be enforced, it is yet to be seen that a single
man can be punished in the free States for resist-
ance to this law. There has not yet been one man
punished for resisting it in any part of the North,
although the frequent infractions of the law call
loudly for punishment. The result of the Chris-
tiana trials must yet show whether these Tiffenders
can be punished. I should be very happy to
know that Pennsylvania or any other State would
do anything to accommodate the differences which
now exist, by showing a disposition to be faithful
toward the execution of laws. I have my doubts,
however, and these doubts are based upon the
facts which the Senator himself has laid before the
Senate. , , _
Mr. BP..ODHEAD. It is true that the Dem-
ocratic candidate for Governor had but about eight
thousand majority, but the issue, to which I have
referred was not the only one to be tried before
the people.
One word as to the Executive pardon, and the
manner in which the fugitive slave law is to be
executed. The gentleman has intimated that of-
fenders against this law will not be^ punished.
Why, if there is any prejudice in the State which
would prevent the due administration of justice, it
is against the Abolitionists, and not against the
southern slaveholders. That is my answer.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I did not intend to
trespassupon theSenateduringthis discussion;and
while it was confined entirely to another latitude, I
did not feel disposed to interfere. But it seems to
be peeping up this side of 36^ 30', and therefore I
may put in a single interrogatory. An inquiry has
already been put and answered by the Senator
from Mississippi, which throws some light upon
the subject ill regard to what my duty may be as
to the vote I am called upon to give. That is the
question which was propounded by the honorable
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Bcti-ek] to the
| honorable Senator from Mississippi. It was la-
'< boring in my own mind at the time, and 1 felt
| relieved when the question came out and was
i answered. The question was this: If a propo-
i sition should be submitted to the Congress of the
United States now to divide California by the
line of 36° 30', would the embodiment of the com-
promise go in for it ? The honorable Senator from
Mississippi says he would go in for it. The com-
promise, then, is to be final, with exceptions.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I am reported in
the Republic to have used precisely the language
which the gentleman has<(ittributed to me; but I
was very particular in expressing myself to a
somewhat different effect to that just now stated.
I said most expressly, that I would vote upon
such a proposition, coming from the State of Cal-
ifornia, precisely as I would upon a similar prop-
osition coming from any other of the sovereign
States of the Confederacy. I said that 1 did not
conceive the compromise to be above the Consti-
tution; and that, as the Constitution allowed new
States to be formed out of old States, with the
consent of those States, if such a proposition were
submitted, with the consent of California, and if I
should deem it politic and right to allow such di-
vision to take place, why I would deem it right,
under presentcircumstances—especially knowing,
as I do, the desire entertained by a large portion
of my constituents—I would vote for the proposi-
tion, not with the intention of impairing the com
promise, or callinginto question the principle upon
which the compromise is based, or in the least
degree interfering with the compromise as a com-
promise. Every principle of it would still stand
firm. AH that we would do, would be to establish
a new State, in the manner and form allowed by
the Constitution. If the honorable Senator, or
' anybody else, consideis the compromise above
: the Constitution, and, therefore, as liberating hon-
j orable Senators from the obligation which is im-
j posed upon them by their oath to maintain the
; Constitution inviolate, it is not my sentiment. I
I did not say, here or elsewhere, that I shall attempt
to obtain a modification of the compromise, so as
to allow new States to be formed withm the limits
of California; but I said distinctly, tfat 1 would
treat this proposition, coming from the State of
California, precisely as I would treat a proposi-
tion of a similar kind coming from the State of
Texas, or from New York, or from any other
State; and that in doing so, I should not consider
myself as interfering in the least degree with the
compromise acts. On the contrary, I should look
upon them, in the language of the President of the
United States, as, in principle and substance, a
final and definite settlement of the question.
Mr. HALE. I am unfortunate in not seeing
that the Senator has made any difference between
the manner in which he has now stated the prop-
osition, and the way in which I understood him
to state it before. He says he holds it, as a com-
promise, to be final; but that a certain measure, if
brought up in a certain shape, would receive his
support. He would be willing to divide California
if she wished it.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. It must be ob-
vious to the gentleman, that I should have con-
sidered the admission of California as part of the
plan of compromise, just as valid, if the line of
35° 30' or 36° 30' had been made the southern
boundary, instead of the present line. Will any
man of sense—will the Senator himself—under-
take to point out to this Senate, how the compro-
mise is better or worse, as a compromise, in con-
sequence of a particular line being the southern
boundary of California? Would it not be pre-
cisely a compromise, and a settlement of the ques-
tion of slavery, whether the southern boundary
of California were one line or another ? If the
people of California, as a sovereign State of the
Union, should think proper to apply for a sub-
division of their territory, in such manner as to
establish new States therein hereafter, and they
should come into the Union, upon the same terms
upon which California came in, will any one un-
dertake to point out in what respect the compro-
mise, as a compromise, in principle or in sub-
stance, would be m the least degree impaired? I
am not now engaged in a chop-logic contest; nor
do I wish to amuse the audience by lightly dis-
cussing these great points; but what I have said
will serve, in other minds, if not in the mind of
the Senator from New Hampshire, I think, as a
pretty solid distinction, and one based upon prin-
ciples exceedingly valuable to those of us, at least,
who seek the future repose of the country.
Mr. HALE. My object simply was to obtain
light, and I wish to put in a query now, before the
Senator from Mississippi makes his argument. I
want light, and I want to attract his attention to
the points upon which I need enlightenment. I
understand him now—stripped of all the eloquent
adjectives with which he has dressed outhisprop-
osltinn, and which he uses as well as any man in
the Senate—1 understand him now, after these re-
peated disclaimers and explanations, to go back
to precisely the same answer which he gave to the
honorable Senator from South Carolina; that is,
if the sovereign State of California, in her sover-
eignty, comes here to this representative conclave
of sovereignties—(I am not a sovereign man,and
hence I do not know that I always use this adjec-
tive in a proper way; I do not represent a sover-
eign State here; the State of New Hampshire has
not a right to make war or peace; she has no right
to coin money, or to send or receive ambassadors,
and she is stripped of a great many other attributes
of sovereignty)—but if California comes hereas a
sovereign State, and asks for a division, she will
not lack the vote of the'Senator from Mississippi
in order to obtain it. That I understand to be the
proposition.
I am not discussing the question whether it is
proper or improper, or how far it is cdWstent
with the views of those gentleman who have sup-
ported the compromise. I simply want to ask
Northern Senators what they got by this compro-
mise? A compromise, I understand to be some-
thing in which there is a giving and a taking on
each side. The honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi said—and I think with a great deal of truth—•
that the South ought to be satisfied, for they had
got everything which they had demanded. I be-
lieve it. I have been asked sometimes by some of
my unsophisticated constituents at home, "What
did the North get in this compromise?" Well, I
have been compelled to tell them that it had escaped
my recollection if they had got anything. It was
said that the North had probably got something
by the admission of California; that that great
State had been admitted with a constitution ex-
cluding slavery. But some of my friends have
said, Did not the people of California frame their
own constitution, and is n ot that the Southern doc-
trine, that every State may frame its own consti-
tution, and ask for admission into the Union,
