1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1893
his (strength, and wisely, and, I hope, well, too.
If he has transferred to the mountains of New
Hampshire the scene of the negotiation upon this
subject, I beg Senators not to think that the lat-
itude is at all un propitious to a negotiation which
will maintain the dignity and honor of this coun-
try. For, if I recollect right, it was from those
mountains that issued only one or two years ago,
that famous dispatch which established the rela-
tion of the United States to the despotic Powers of
Europe—the Hiilsemann letter. I do not know,
nor do I care, whether the honorable representa-
tive of the Government of Great Britain has re-
sorted to Boston for the purpose of meeting and
negotiating with the Secretary of State. If it be
true, it is well. The negotiation can be conducted
as well there as elsewhere; and if it be not true,
the Secretary of State lias given abundant evidence
in the publications which have, already appeared
upon the subject, that he is alive to the interest
involved in this question, and that he is sound
with regard to national interests, as, indeed, we all
know, that he is loyal and devoted to the dignity
and honor of his country. While, therefore, I
shall vote for the resolution, I do not think the
occasion calls for unnecessary excitement on the
subject.
Mr. RUSK. I do not design to enter into this
debate at any length; but from the very statement
of the case, it seems to me that the conduct of
Great Britain in this business should be met
promptly, on our side. It is supposed by some
Senators to be designed to bring about an enact-
ment for reciprocity of trade on our part with the
British colonies. If that be so, I will never give
a vote for such a measure under such circum-
stances, no matter what may be the consequences.
I will never yield to any threats made by the
British Government, and cannon will be found
to be the least available argument that could be
used.
It is said, upon the other hand, that it is for the
purpose of bringing about a negotiation by which
the British Government will acquire rights in an-
other qu.u Ler similar to those which they have
acceded to us on the northern coast, and which
we claim there. Sir, is this the way to negotiate ?
Is this the time when negotiations are to be
opened between Great Britain and the United
States, after ordering a strong naval force there?
Can we negotiate at the cannon's mouth? No,
sir, I would not negotiate, nor would I sanction a
negotiation, nor stop to inquire into the justice of
a negotiation brought about under such circum-
stances. I think it is due to ourselves to protect
our rights, and if we would do it, it is necessary
to meet this demonstration on the part of Great
Britain with a similar demonstration. I would
do nothing to bring on a war; I know the evil
consequences which would result from a war, but
I would not submit to this domineering spirit
which has manifested itself too much in all the
conduct of Great Britain with other nations. We
have equal rights, and under such circumstances
we owe it to ourselves to maintain them—some
time or other we may be compelled to do it. If
England chooses to negotiate with cannon, we
can negotiate with similar instruments, and when-
ever the time comes, we shall be ready to do it. She
will find she has blov.-s to receive as well as blows
to give. She has interests to be sacrificed upon the
ocean as well as we have. War will be as inju-
rious to her as to us, and she will find to her cost
that a demonstration of a strong naval force will
be of but little avail in carrying out any views
she may have m this matter. I shall most cheer-
fully vote for the resolution offered by the hon -
orable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.]
Mr. MASON. 1 desire to be indulged in one
word, that I may put the matter right, so far as
I am concerned, having originated the resolution.
I can assure the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Davis,] as well as the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] that I never had
it in contemplation, nor have I expressed any
such purpose in this matter, as to substitute war
tor negotiation. Sir, if Great Britain had been
content to submit this matter to negotiation, either
upon our shores, oi upon their island, I should
not havi; caiieil forthe information. I would have
the n•alter in thehands of the executive branch
of'.he Government, to which it properly belongs.
But, when we are informed that a large and un-
usual naval force has been sent, with dispatch and
celerity, into those waters, preliminary to nego-
tiation, I want to express to the Senate, that if
negotiations have begun I would stop them. I
would not exchange one word, or write one line
on the subject of these fisheries, until that force be
withdrawn. I wished to express that purpose.
Sir, we are to be considered in possession of these
fisheries—a possession, whether rightfully or
wrongfully obtained, acquiesced in by the other
Power for thirty-odd years; and the first inti-
mation which the American people have had of
any dispute, are some twenty vessels of war or-
dered immediately to these waters. I know not
for what purpose the Secretary of State has gone
to Massachusetts; I know not for what purpose
the British Minister has gone there, (if lie has
gone there.) But I do know this: That if that
honorable Secretary, for whose intellect no one
entertains a higher respect than I do, exchanges
one word with that Minister, or pens one line,
until that force is withdrawn, he will disappoint
the expectations of his countrymen.
Mr. TOUCEY. I trust that nothing has been
said, or will be said, in this place, that will oper-
ate adversely to the important interest which is
involved. 1 concur most fully in the sentiments
of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis]
with regard to the magnitude of that interest. It
has ever been cherished by the Government and
people of this country as one of the very highest
importance, not merely asa profitable employment,
but as a nursery for seamen. I feel, myself, en-
tire confidence that nothing which has been said,
or will be said, in this Senate, will operate ad-
versely to that interest. I must say, however,
that, if it be proposed to open a negotiation
on the subject, under the mouths of British can-
non, it is a mode of initiating it that does not
commend itself to my judgment as a citizen of
this country, eras a memberof this Senate. After
we have been in possession of this right, we and
our ancestors, from the first settlement of this
country down to the present moment, without the
slightest interruption; after the British Govern-
ment, during a period of more than thirty years,
have acquiesced in the enjoyment of it under the
treaty of 1818, by our northern fishermen, are
we now to be interrupted in it, and to have a ne-
gotiation forced on us in this hostile way? 1 trust,
sir, that no Government of this country will ever
open a negotiation in regard to any interest in this
exceptionable and, I may say, humiliating man-
ner. 1 may say that if the Executive is desirous
of conducting this matter in a spirit becoming the
American people, the first step will be a demand
for the withdrawal of the British naval force.
And what, sir, is the meaning of this notice
which has been sent to the public prints by the
Secretary of State ? What is its object? I should
like to hear the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Davis] explain the object of that notice, issued
from the State Department to the public. Is it
that our fishermen should withdraw from those
waters which they have been accustomed to fre-
quent, before the negotiation is commenced ? Is
it that we are to abandon our rights, and then
open a negotiation under British cannon ? Is that
the object? If it be, it is a mode of opening and
conducting it, that I think this country will not
very cordially approve of.
I am sorry that 1 have not that confidence in
the Executive which, perhaps, I ought to have.
After what I have witnessed in Central America;
after what I have witnessed on the coast of Cuba;
after what I have witnessed in reference to this
matter thus far, I confess that my confidence in
the Executive is not as strong, as, perhaps, it
ought to be.
It seems, indeed, that the British Government is
rather disposed to pursue a hostile course towards
us, not only in Central America, not only in send-
ing forces into the neighborhood of Cuba, but in
sending this large force to the neighborhood of
Nova Scotia.
I return my thanks to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Mason,] who
1 has introduced this resolution. I am very glad
that the subject has been introduced here; for I
am constrained to think that perhaps the Execu-
tive Department may need a little prompting—
prompting, at least, by forcing on it a knowledge
of the intense interest felt on the subject, and the
importance attached to it by the Senate, if no-
where else.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis]
says that the claim of Great Britain is, that we
shall not enter a bay where the capes are not six
miles apart. Does the honorable Senator suppose
that that is the extent of the claim which is made ?
Is he well informed on that subject? I had my-
self supposed that their proposition was to draw
a line from one cape to another without limiting it
to a distance within six, or ten, or twenty, or
forty miles, and then to require us to keep three
miles outside of that line. That, as I understand,
is the claim of- the British Government; and the
force that is sent into British waters and our
waters there, is for the purpose of enforcing that
claim, contrary to the practical construction put
upon the treaty from 1818 down to the present
day; and that force is sent there without notice,
and sent, too, in the fishing season, so that vessels
engaged there are seized, without warning, for a
violation of this new interpretation of the treaty
of 1818.
I express again my gratification that the Senator
from Virginia has presented this resolution. I
thai! vote for it with great cordiality, and I trust
the consequences growing out of it will be only
such as will conduce to the safety of this great
public interest.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I honor the
motive which prompted the introduction of this
resolution; but I am sorry to be obliged to say
that I do not consider the course which the dis-
cussion has taken is in character with the motives
which prompted it. Facts have been assumed for
the purpose of discussing this question, with a
view not precisely intended to be involved when
the information shall come in. If I understand
the reason of this resolution being offered, it is
that the Senate is without legitimate information
on the question, and that it is desirable to have it
in order that we may thereby shape our action;
and, in getting at this information, intimations too
strong to be misunderstood, objects too clear to
be misinterpreted, have been inferred and com-
mented upon.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Totjcey]
says that the Executive probabl-y may want
prompting on this question; that he does not un-
derstand the feelings of the country, and particu-
larly the feeling exhibited here' When has he
ever exhibited a want of interest in any great
question? From what public or political act of
his can you infer that he has been sleeping on his
post when the honor and interest of the country
were involved ? What act of his ever authorized
a Senator to rise in his place upon this floor and
presume that he has not discharged bis duty ?
What circumstance has been suggested here that
would influence the mind of any Senator so as to
lead him to suppose that he is not now acting
upon the question on the information which he
has, and is seeking for all other necessary and
proper information ? And when was it that he
ever failed to communicate to the Senate any
matter likely to involve the honor or the interest
of the nation? Never, sir. Why then talk about
prompting, urging, and stimulating the Executive
Department of this Government to sustain its
honor and its influence?
I would not have uttered one word upon this
subject, but that I see everything tending to party,
and to influence the public mind against the agents
of the Government. Have we got to this pass,
that we cannot discuss even the grave question of
probable war, without first attacking the character
of the representatives of the people at the head of
one of the Departments? It is said that this is a
great interest of the North, and that they are alive
to it. And where has the North a greater man to
sustain her interests, than the present Secretary
of State? When is it that he_ has ever failed to
meet any duty devolvingupon him in that respect?
Never, sir; never. But I am not going to be the
occasion of introducing discussion. I merely re-
ply to gentlemen by saying, that this has all oc-
curred within three days; and yet blame is sought
to be imputed to the Executive Department.' Wait
your time, gentlemen, with patience. First obtain
your information; and if the Executive or any
member of his Cabinet, has failed to discharge his
duty, then stand upon that which will be under-
stood by the people, and make your attack. But
we are now standing on air—treading on nothing;
and therefore we should avoid making any insin-
uations which might seem to be ungenerous or
