1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
unkind. Even the absence of the Secretary of J presume that the President had discharged his
State has been spoken of; an absence created by
the state of his health. Who supposes, Mr.Pres- ;
ident, that when a question hke this arises—-a !
question* I may say, almost involving peace or '
war—'he, or any other man connected with the 1
Administration of this Government, would fad in 1
the full discharge of his duty ?
But, Mr. President, I regret this for another 1
reason, No longer ago than yesterday, in reply
to the distinguished Senator from Michigan, [Mr. j
Cass,] I stated that there was no "war cloud"
now lowering over us; but how seasonably this j
reminds me of what is said in the best of books that !
we $< know not wiiat a day or an hour may bring J
forth." Can it be that all this talk of war, which
we hear this morning, was intended to frustrate j
my prediction of yesterday? [Laughter} Sir,!
the people may well inquire why this discussion,
with this.reference to subjects upon which we '
have 110 information, should have arisen; and why .
war should have been spoken of here to-day. My :
friend from Mississippi [Mr. Adams] has unoues
duty.
Mr. TOUCEY. The anawer of the gentleman
is, that he presumes the President has discharged
his duty. How has he discharged his duty?
What*has the Executive doner The Secretary
of State has issued a notice to the fishermen, and
I can conceive of no object of that nonce, except
that it is fo induce them to yield to the British
claim. Theie has been time to send a force there, j!
What vessel, what naval force, has gone there or h
has been ordered there ? If there has been amove- ||
ment of that kind it ought to have been public, |!
No information has been communicated to Con- j|
gress, and, so far as the public know, nothing has jj
been done. And now the facts to which J have jj
i adverted justify me, 1 think, in saying that we }:
! have not the evidence of there having been those ■ !
| prompt and decisive measures which the country |j
; demands. I,
i Mr. BORLAND. I think the Senator from i|
| Georgia [Mr. Dawson} is altogether mistaken in j;
sayiiig we have no information on this subject.
tionably put this matter m its proper light. 1 IJe ! if the Secretary of State be capable of comiiHv
. . . 1 * 1 -1.- 1 _ \ _ _ t _ _ {* T T I I I 1 . . . . i* . ... . I ut 1^ vv i !-\ ft I 1
spoke of it as it ought to be spoken of. He said,
You have no official information, and why will
you needlessly alarm the country >" Let us, then,
wait with patience. This is Friday. We can
have the information by to-morrow or Monday;
hut in the mean time 1 much fear that the pubhc
mind will become filled with apprehensions. The
telegraphic wires will conveylhe information over
the length and breadth of the Union, that the ques-
tion of war has been discussed here; .that gentle-
men have risen in passion, asking for information
when they had none; and yet went on to talk
about war, and about the guns of a foreign coun-
try being brought to bear upon us; and that the
Government of this country would be forced to
treat under the pointed artillery of an enemy I
Sir, 1 ask, in all candor and seriousness, are
these facts ? No, sir, they are mere imaginings 
mere expressions of gentlemen whose minds are
not informed as to the actual facts; and yet it will
nicatmg lnfoimation, and is worthy of belief, we
have information from him. We have, as 1 haye
said, publications in thenewspapers, over his own
signature, as Secretary of State, that Great Britain
has ordered this large naval force there, and that
there is danger of that force coming in hostile col-
lision with our people; and the resolution of the
Senator from Virginia, as 1 understand it, is based
upon that information,and very natural inferences :
horn it. Mr. Webster, as Secretary of State, has i
published to the world, through the newspapers, ;
that such has been the action of the British Gov- j
trnmcnt, and he has given a sort of pohuco-his- ;
torical account, somewhat in detail, ot this fishery :
question. And, as part of its piest-nt aspect, he [
says that an American fishing vessel has already |
been taken by the British naval force there, and 1
carried into a British port; that a number of our j
citizens, with their property, while engaged m i
their usual pursuits, and m the exercise of j
go from one end of the country to the other, that 1 j rights not questioned for thn ty years, and entitled j j
there is a "cloud of war" lowering over the conn- '■ to our protection, have been captured on the high |,
! seas by an authorized British naval force, and car-jj
j ried prisoners into a British port, and there de~ <i
; tained for trial by British courts. It is true, sir,
I we learn, from another source, and I rejoice af it
tr}?-, when nobody seriously believes any such
thing. Hence it is that I say, that 1 honor the
motive which prompted this resolution of inquiry,
in order that the public mind may be quieted in
regard to the matter. Is there a Senator here who
supposes for a moment' that the resolution will
result in the communication to this body c>f any
grounds on which we shall have occasion to talk
ctboutwar'3 Not one, sir; not one.
The papers which have hnen spoken of as
having been published in relation to this subject,
really amount to nothing. So far as I can com-
thatTm the spirit which belongs to and becomes
our people, a sufficient number from other vessels
organized and armed themselves, and pursued the
marauders, and " cut the vessel out" again, leav-
ing her commander, it is said, still a prisoner.
Such are the publications, and they are not dis-
puted. Now, if that be not information upon
: which to act, 1 should like to know what would [
prehend the subject, I can really see nothing hut j be the character of information to induce the Sen-
what is amicable between the two nations. 1 am ator to act? It is m the face of these facts, as
in favor of the resolution, and hope it will be published to the world by the Secretary of State,
passed.
Mr. TOUCEY. I will reply to the question
which the Senator from Georgia has addressed to ''
me by asking a question. Why has there been
issued from the Department of State the letter !
which has appeared m the public prints? and why ■
has not the Executive, instead of that, sent a naval j
force to protect the fishermen 111 the enjoyment of!
their rights? j
Mr. DAWSON. Does the gentleman desire an '
answer to that question now?
Mr. TOUCEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. I presume that if the fisher- !
men have been deprived of their accustomed rights, i
and the President has been informed of it, he' has '
discharged his duty. Jf those statements, with ,
regard to the fishermen being injured in their just I
rights, be true, show them to be so, and present
to me the papers in which the declaration is made.
Mr. TOUCEY. Does the Senator from Geor-
gia say that the President has sent a naval force
to our northern waters for the purpose of pro-
tecting our fishermen >
Mr. DAWSON. Did you understand me to
say so ?
that we ask for what else the Executive may
know, what he has done, and what he means to
do. We surely are entitled to such further inform-
ation—indeed, we need it, if we mean to do our
duty, and doit intelligently and effectively.
Mr. DAWSON. The Senator will perceive
that I am in favor of the resolution, i have an-
nounced that fact, and you are entitled to that.
The gentleman goes on discussing a point that I
never raised, one way or the other.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator said we had
110 information upon which it was proper to act.
Mr. DAWSON. Upon which it was proper
to make an attack upon the Executive branch of
the Government. That was the issue.
Mr. BORLAND. As to the declaration of the
Senator that these things occurred so long ago as
the sixth of July, the letter of the Secretary of
State is dated on the twentieth instant, only three
days ago; and as far as we have any knowledge
at all on the subject it has all come to us within
three days. If it was so long ago as the Senator
has said, there might be time for the first flush of
excitement to have passed away, and-the Senator
might well say that it was out of place now. Per
Mr. TOUCEY. I understood the Senator to i! haps there is not so much excitement as the Sen-
intimate it, and I wish him to be explicit.
Mr. DAW SON. I will respond to the inquiry,
because in arguing a question in the Senate I take
every gentleman upon his own statements. He
propounded to me-the question, why has not the
President done so and so, and asked me to res-
pond. I reply, that if his facts be true I would
; ator supposes—not so much as may lead to war
| But if there be no cause for excitement, when,
' upon the authority of the Secretary of State, we
j are told that our citizens have been interfered
| with m the rightful pursuit of their business—
j that their rights have been violated, their persons
j violated, and their property taken by an armed
force,—if the Senator finds no cause for excite-
ment in all this, and no cause of censure against
an Executive that neither puts a stop to it himself,
nor calls upon us to do so, then I know not when
or where, or in what he would find cause. In
such a state of things, I think negotiations are out
of place, it is time something weredone> either by
the Executive or by us.
Mr. SEWARD, This is either a grave ques-
tion, or it is not. If it is a trivial one, time is
only wasted in discussing it, if it is a serious one?
it is worth while to know what we are disputing
about. Now, we certainly are not disputing about
this call for information, for we are unanimously
m favor of that, so far as it is possible to ascertain
from the sentiments expressed by gentlemen on
this floor. Then the only question about which
there is any dispute is, wnether any fault should
be t*tiached to the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment, thus far? I submit to Senators, that if
there bfc a prospect, however dim and distant, of
a war with Great Britain, it is an important and
serious question,,and one of the best modes for
losing the advantages in a negotiation, either for
securing our rights or for preventing that war, i 
to show the British nation at the outset that we are
not agreed among ourselves; that weaie taking
to task the executive department of our Govern-
ment, for want of sufficient promptness in secur-
ing our interests, But let that pat-'S.
What evidence is there that the Executive has
failed, or that the Secretary of State has failed, or
is about to falter in securing the national rights?
Why, our first knowledge of this question comes
from a publication of his own, announcing it to
the country, and declaring that in his opinion the
right of the question was on our own side; and
that very communication was made before he had
time to examine the facts, and the evidence since
disclosed, showing that the position assumed by
the British Government is wrong, and that the
position assumed by the fishermen is right. The
Secretary of State is already committed. What,
then, is wrong? Gentlemen say that he is pro-
ceeding to negotiate while there is an armed force
collected by the opposite party, to compel us, if
we will negotiate, to negotiate under threats or
i menaces. Sir, it is the business of the Secretary
! of State, and of the Government, always to be
! ready,in my humble judgment,to negotiate under
' all cncumstances, whether there be threats or no
j threats—whether there be force or no force j but
; the manner, and the spirit, and the terms of the
I negotiation will be varied by the position that the
1 opposing party may occupy. And there is noth-
! jmg new in this. We have a treaty that is called
: the treaty of Washington, which settled conflict-
; ing boundary claims between the United States,
| embracing a portion of the State of Maine, and
: the Province of New Brunswick, and it was con-
] summated,as the negotiation was held, while both
t parties were standing on the line ready, if the ne-
: gotiation failed, to establish their respective pre-
, tensions by force.
Sir* we sent a Minister to Mexico to negotiate
; the payment for indemnity for commercial obli-
j gations and other claims; but at the same time we
marched a force to the Rio Grande, and we after-
wards dictated the terms of peace to Mexico, with
! a victorious army m her capital. 1 agree that the
parties should be made equal, equal in every ad-
j vantage for negotiation; and if it be true—and
1 there seems to be ground to believe it is—that the
British Government has resorted to the ex-
tremely improper measure of collecting a force in
those waters, preliminary to the negotiation, then
; 1 subscribe to every word which has been uttered
by the Senator from Virginia, and implied in his
i resolution, that we should be represented there
by an equal force. One object of this resolu-
tion is to ascertain from the President whether
( he has sent such a force. Either we believe that
I he has sent such foice or we believe that he has
■ not. If we assume, with the Senator from Con-
! necticut, [Mr. Toucey,] that he has not, and that
! he is indisposed to do so, and will not, then it is
, an insult to the President to ask him if he has
sent the force, which we have concluded in our
1 own minds that he has not sent. We should at
' once proceed to a vote of censure, and not to a
| resolution of inquiry. If it would be proper to
' send a force, we are bound to believe that the Ex-
1 ecutive, which has charge of the whole case,
j knows the time and the manner of sending that
