1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1895
force, and, therefore, I repeat that in the very mo-
ment we are inquiring whether a force iias been
sent it is discourteous to the President, as it is
unwise and imprudent, to bestow censure for not j;
having done that which we imply that we sup-
pose he may have done, or will yet do in good
season-
On the whole, I see no necessity for any ex-
citement on this subject. A war with Great Brit-
ain will Be no trifling affair, and, as I said before,
we will go into either negotiation or war, and come |
out of it more safely, if we are to go into it, keep-
ing cool and taking our time, and taking every
advantage of circumstances which may arise. I
need not say that when such an exigency comes
I shall be as well prepared to meet it, its respon-
sibilities and its consequences, and to stand as
long and firmly by the national rights and dignity
as any one here or elsewhere.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I do not wish to
continue this discussion by going into any ex-
pression of my views on the various suggestions
which have been thrown out, but I wish to say a
word or two upon one point. f have listened
with a great deal of interest—with more than com-
mon interest—to all that has been suggested on
this subject on both sides of the Chamber. I
have listened with a great deal of pleasure to much
that has been said. I accord with much of it;
but there is one view, one suggestion—and the
whole debate is very suggestive to my mind—
which has not yet been thrown out. |
I do not think there is any real cause to appre- j
hend war between the two countries, growing out {
of this transaction, whatever it may be; and it \
has been very well said that we do not know all >
the facts bearing upon it. Certainly, sir, some !
Eortion of the discussion might very well have i
een postponed. But there have been certain sen- ;
timents announced which I think worthy of a ;
passing attention from the Senate, and from the ,
country. I
I understood the honorable chairman of the j
Committee on Foreign Relations to say that, from ■
some information within his reach, he is satisfied j
not only that some few vessels-of-war of Great l
Britain have been ordered to those grounds for the j
protection of the alleged rights of British fish- j
ermen, but that the extraordinary armament of.
twenty vessels-of-war has been ordered into those {
waters for the protection of British interests. |
Mr. MASON. I have no other information |
than that contained in the public journals of the i
day. I stated that I obtained that information as
to the extent of the British armament from a news-
paper of St. Johns, New Brunswick, setting out j
the armament, and stating its objects, which I j
took to be authentic.
Mr. BELL. That was a very good foundation j
upon which to base the remark. There must be ]
no great reason to doubt—I believe it is not doubted ;
at all, that some unusual force has been ordered to j
that station—some armament beyond the usual
extent. I hinted at. the amount of it for the
special purpose of calling the attention of the Sen-
ate to it.
The honorable Senator has also announced the
sentiment, that if it be tiue that any armament
has been sent to those waters, all negotiation
ought to cease, if there has been any projectedne-
goti&tion.
Mr. MASON. Not at all. I announced this,
that the presence of an unusual armed force almost
in our own waters, sent there with dispatch and
celerity as a preliminary to negotiations, had been
stated in the public journals; and if that were true,
in my estimate of the spirit of the American peo-
ple, they would require that armament to be with-
drawn before any negotiations were entered into.
Mr. BELL. I understood the honorable Sen-
ator, perhaps, not exactly as he has stated it now;
but I understood him to announce that there
seemed to be authentic information that it was in
connection with a negotiation—not that the British
Government had sent this armament there as a
preliminary to a negotiation, but that in their in-
structions to their officers, it was expressly stated
that it was in connection with a pending negotia-
tion. Upon the assumption that this was true, I
understood the Senator from Virginia to announce
that all negotiation ought, to cease.
If it be lhat that force is ordered there as a pre-
liminary to a negotiation, I will not say what
would b'e thfe soundless of the pblicy of the Brit-
ish Government in commencing a negotiation by
such an order issuing from her Admiralty, or
from any other department of her Government;
but I will say that if it be as assumed by the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, his sentiment was a
correct one. If it was for the purpose ofmtim-
idating and overawing this country by the supe-
riority of the British force, and thus commencing
a negotiation with an armed battery of a thousand
or two .thousand guns, then it would be a ques-
tion whether negotiation ought not to be termin-
ated-until they were withdrawn.
I did not rise, Mr. President, for the purpose
of going into the particular details of this busi-
ness; for we are really somewhat ill the dark as
regards what they are. But there are some, which
seem to me of sufficient authority to base some ac-
tion of this body upon them. I rose merely for the
purpose of expressing this sentiment: that if Great
Britain has thought proper to array this force
upon those waters in connection with a negotia-
tion, and for the purpose of forcing a reciprocity
treaty (for which she has so much desire) be-
tween her North American Provinces and the
United States; and if she has, whether wisely or
unwisely, thought proper to order these arma-
ments into those waters for that purpose, then I
rejoice that she has done so. Not that I think war
will grow out of it; for I believe there is too much
good sense and intelligence in the two countries
to suffer a war to grow out even of a menacing
andinsulting altitude—such as that taken by Great
Britain. She will find some way, consistent with
her honor, to recede from her position, if she has
taken it. But I repeat the sentiment—if she has
done so, I rejoice at it.
Honorable Senators have said they feared the
Executive of the United States had not met this
question with the true national spirit with which
he ought to have met it; that he should have or-
dered an adequate force immediately for the pro-
tection of our interests in those waters. Honor-
able Senators on the other side of the Chamber
particularly have spoken with that spirit of reso-
luteness and determination that indicated that they
were ready to meet Great Britain at once in this
controversy, with gunsand with naval armaments,
if it were proper in that way to maintain the hon-
or and dignity of the country.
1 say again, sir, that I rejoice, or shall rejoice,
if Great Britain has taken this position, trust-
ing that it will not lead to any serious difficulties
between the two countries. 1 rejoice at it because
I trust that it will serve to wake up this country
to its true position, that we are not in a condition
either m regard to the fisheries or our interests ill
the States south of us, or in regard lo the islands
on the Pacific coast, to negotiate on precisely equal
terms with such a Power as Great Britain. Sir,
she has some twenty-odd thousand guns on her
floating batteries to back Iter diplomatic agents,
when she sends them abroad. She has great ad-
vantages over us. Still, great as they are, I know
the American spirit is ready to maintain the honor
of this country against all odds. I am rejoiced to
see even the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Bor-
land] waking up upon this subject, and ready to
meet Great Britain. I have understood that there
has been a proposition made in another Hall to
curtail the appropriations for the Navy, from the
very moderate estimates sent in by the Executive
Government, fully one third. And I would like
to know of the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Toccey,] where are our twenty ships-
of-war, to meet the twenty British ships-of-war on
those waters ? We may have a greater number
than that—X do not know exactly how many—on
our various commercial posts on the Atlantic
coast, on the Mediterranean, in the East Indies,
or on the Pacific coast. I do not know how many
of these are in proper condition for service. I
question whether we have altogether in our Navy
more than twenty or thirty vessels in proper con-
dition to be sent out to meet this squadron of
twenty ships, which is not one twentieth part of
the British Navy fit for service. I call the atten-
tion of honorable Senators on the- other side
of the Chamber particularly to this question. I
wish them to remember it when we come to the
subject of making appropriations for the Navy.
On a former day I threw out the intimation,
that,"if I had the power, I would vote five millions
extra, for making experiments in regard' to the
building up of a navy, so as to have a respectable
force on the Pacific coast; though stich a force
would not be equal to half or one tenth that of
GreatJBritain, or France, yet, with a good force
there, you would be in a position, without the
probability of absolute and shameful disaster, to
meet any Power from abroad that might think
proper to insult us.
I repeat again, that I apprehend no war with
Great Britain in regard to this question; but I
think this a fit occasion, not only to call the
attention of the Senate, but, so far as I can, to
call the attention of the country to our. miserably
defenseless condition; to call attention to the con-
dition in which we would be if our honor com-
pelled us to meet the power of Great Britain, as
some think there is danger we shall be compelled
to do, I have not the least idea that a war will
grow out of the transaction. The truth is, we
would be in a condition to be overawed—or ordi-
nary people would be in such a condition—except
for the indomitable energy, courage, and self-sac-
rificing spirit of this country, for every gentleman
must know that, to meet Great Britain promptly
at this time, must be a great sacrifice, not to the
honor of the country, but to the safety of many
of the most exposed parts of the country; and the
safety of our dominion in one quarter of the
world. Still our honor would be preserved after
all; and finally, perhaps, history would have no
occasion to record, that the United States had ever
succumbed to any power, however superior. The
only object for which I arose was to call attention
to this fact.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I am un-
willing to prolong this discussion, but a remark
of the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] calls
for a word from me. lie expressed his gratifica-
tion to find that I—even I—was waking up to the
interests and honor of this country. Sir, I am
but an humble member here, and do not often take
part in discussions upon the general policy of the
Government, confining myself more particularly,
as I think becomes me, to the special interests of
my immediate constituents; but I am not aware
that I have made a remark here, or given a vote,
or failed to give a vote, that has indicated any-
thing like in difference to any question of import-
ance—to any measure involving the national de-
fenses.
Mr. BELL. Perhaps I did not explain suffi-
ciently what I intended by the allusion to the
honorable Senator. I referred to his sentiments,
expressed some weeks ago, in relation to the ex-
penditures of this Government upon the Navy.
Mr. BORLAND. Such, I supposed, was the
Senator's allusion, and that is the point to which
I wish to come. I find no necessity for changing
the opinions then expressed upon that subject, in
view of what some Senators seem to regard as a.
cloud of war. I do not anticipate that war will
grow out of this any more than the honorable
Senator from Tennessee does. But even if I did,
it would not change the opinions I sincerely enter-
tained, and decidedly expressed, in regard toap-
propriations. I did not, and do not now, object
to full, abundant appropriations for all purposes
of national defense. The point of my objection
was, that unnecessarily large and extravagant ex-
penditures had been made in a time of peace. But
let war actually come:, or impending danger of
war, and I shall be as ready as the honorable Sen-
ator from Tennessee, or any other Senator, to
vote not only as much as the twelve millions per
annum, for the Army, and eight millions for the
Navy, which I complained, the other day, that this
Administration had expended in a time of pro-
found "peace with all the world;" but I will vote
fifty millions, if necessary, without hesitation—nay, "
sir, the last dollar now in the Treasury, or which
the entire means of the people could pay into it,
if it were to protect their interests or their honor.
I do not object to sufficient defenses, or the
means of paying for them. But we are not defi-
cient, either in means or preparation for defense.
I do not agree with Senators who say we are in a
defenseless condition. I do not think, with the
Senator from Tennessee, that there is any neces-
sity or propriety in expending" five milhoris ex-
tra" to put ourselves in a better state of defense.
We are now the best defended people upon the
face of the earth. I do not agree with the Senator
that, if war should come, we are so exposed to the
incursions of the enemy, by land or water, that
our interests wouM materially suffer bBrore we
