1896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
could give blow for blow, and drive him from our !
shores, and even from the sea. Such is the spirit ,
and character of our people, fostered and devel-
oped by our institutions, that ten days would not
he suffered to elapse from the first sound of war,
before every assailable point would be prepared,
as no other people could prepare, to receive alt
comers, and defy the world in arms. Such is my
opinion of my country and my countrymen. i
Itisavemarkablefact,Mr. President,and I think j
it is not out of place to notice it here, that, in look- j
ing back through the history of our Government,
especially to the war period of 1812, and since that
time, in every dispute, or hostile collision, with a
foreign nation, without an exception that now oc-
curs to me, there has been a party in our country,
and represented in the two Houses of Congress,
which has invariably taken sides with that foreign
country, and against our own. Or, if they have
not actually taken sides against us, they have, at
least, held back the word of encouragement, and
often the helping hand, when we have needed
them to sustain the interest and honor of home.
Such things I do not charge against the Senator
from Tennessee in person—far from it. But the
old elements of that same party are yet organized
in this country, and are not without representa-
tives in the two Houses of Congress. Of this,
and its line of demarkation, we ha~ve proof in this
discussion here to-day.
Sir, it may be no unfit occasion to say a word
in reply to the inquiry which was made on the
other side of the Chamber, as to where w:$s the
ground of apprehension that the present distin-
guished Secretary of State would not be found
true to the interests of his countrymen, when
brought in collision with the interests of other
countries, and Great Britain especially? I may
remind the Senators who ask that question, that
in the war of 1812, growing out of interests sim-
ilar to those of these very fishermen, the distin-
guished Secretary of State, then a member of the
other House, denounced and opposed the war,
and used terms of reproach against those who
were engaged in it, and the protection of whose
rights had led to it; and if my information is not
greatly at fault, uttered that notable exclamation,
14 Let them starve and freeze!" That gentleman
then, and those adhering to him, denounced the
war in terms which I will not now disgust the
ears of an American Senate, or an American peo-
ple, by repeating. " Even when the war was over,
and the patriotic hearts of our people, from one
end of this Union to the other, were pouring out
their gratitude to God for the success of our arms,
and congratulating one another upon the <Wory
which rested upon our flag, fresh from the fields
of that war, the present Secretary of State, and
those who adhered to him, instead of joining in
that expression of gratitude, and in that voice of
congratulation, declared it to be unworthy of a
Christian people to rejoice at the result of such a
war. I do not undertake to say that the distin-
guished Secretary of State himself used these pre-
cise expressions; but we know, as well as we
know any other thing in our history, that the par-
ty to which he belonged, and of which he was
considered the head and leader, in the other House
of Congress, did utter expressions such as that;
andthatdivision upon theopimons and sentiments
then entertained and thus expressed, marked the
line of separation between the political partis of
that day, and which have continued their separate
existence until now. From that day to this,
whenever disputes or collisions have arisen be-
tween our own country and another, and anyone
has advocated, has demanded, prompt and ener-
getic action, to vindicate the rights of our own,
opposition and rebuke have never failed to make
themselves seen and heard on the other side of the
Chamber.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Adams] has well expressed
my opinion. 1 think that we admit, by the res-
olution which is now before us, that we are not
furnished with the information which is desirable
and necessary for the understanding of this ques-
tion; else it is to be presumed we should not'ask
for it. Well, sir, in the absence of information—
when we are but half informed, or noi informed
at all—we are proceeding to discuss, and almost
to determine9 this whole matter. We determine I
first, and consider afterwards. I think that is a!
reversal of all proper course of proceeding. \ do I
not know, sir, what course the Administration
will take; but I think it scarcely liberal to throw
upon them at this time the suspicion of being
wanting in patriotism and public spirit. Still less
do I thjnk it fair in the Senator from Arkansas
[Mr. Borland] to give, as the basis of that sus-
picion of his, the supposition which he seems to
entertain, that the Secretary of State, at a time to
which the memory of man can scarcely run, as
mine certainly does not, did express some opin-
ions very disgusting, as he says, to American
ears. I do not recollect the whole course of that
distinguished man; but I know this, that he was
not a member of the Congress which declared war
against Great Britain, and that many years ago,
when he was charged in this Senate with being
wanting in public spirit during the war of 1812,
he replied with great vigor, and defied the pro-
duction of any evidence to show that he was want-
ing m the most loyal patriotism, or any vote or
opinion of his inconsistent with honorable and
patriotic conduct. He said he differed from the
dominant party of that day as to the course which
should be pursued in the conduct of the war, that
it had been written of Great Britain by one of her
sweetest poets that—
" Her march is o'er the mountain wave,
Her home is on the deep,"
and that during the war of 1812,he was for meet-
ing her at that home; he was for intercepting her
on that march; he was for giving play to the gal-
lant spirit of our Navy, and teaching Great Brit-
ain that we were not strangers on the bosom of
the deep. I do not believe, sir, that any unpatri-
otic expression, such as the Senator from Arkansas
has referred to, ever escaped the hps of that emi-
nent man during the war of 1812, or at any other
time. And when charges were rung most loudly
and repeatedly against him here in this Hall,
twelve or thirteen years ago, I never heard such
language imputed to him.
But be this as it may, what course is the Ad-
ministration to take? Are they to assume, as
gentlemen here assume, that the British fiave sent
a fleet to the waters of Nova Scotia and New
Brunswick to overawe us, that we may be com-
pelled to negotiate at the mouth of the cannon?
1 am not willing to assume it. I think a regard
for the honor and dignity of the country—a con-
sciousness of the regard, and for our nation's dig-
nity and courage, which other nations must enter-
tain,-would prevent them from assuming that. I
think that if the Secretary of State, or the Exec-
utive, were to call upon the British Government
to say whether such was the purpose of sending
their fleet to the waters of Nova Scotia and New
Brunswick, they would promptly disavow it.
The British Government would probably say that
they have had, ever since the treaty of 1818, and
before that time, vessels cruising upon that station
for the purpose of protecting their fishermen in
their just rights, and that this increased force was
sent for this purpose, and no other. If they
should say that, who could doubt that they said
that which they had a right to say, and were
doing that which they had a right to do? We
would not hesitate to send our fleet to protect our
fishermen, under similar circumstances, and would
not think ourselves liable to a suspicion of offer-
ing a national insult if we did so. I have no doubt,
therefore, that this purpose would be promptly
disavowed.
But, says the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Toucey,] and I think some other Sena-
tors, that it is due to ourselves that we should
send a fleet to the same waters to which the Brit-
ish have ordered their fleet—to their waters. 1 do
not see that Senator now in his seat, and I regret
it, for I should like to know from him what in-
structions he thinks the Executive ought to give
to the commander of the fleet sent to those waters,
because it would very much depend upon that,
whether such a demonstration would be harmless,
ridiculous, or pernicious. Should we send a fleet
without instructions? To do so would be afarce.
To send them with one set of instructions would
be almost as ridiculous; and to send them with an
other might involve the country in war, and sub-
ject the President to impeachment.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will indulge me
for an instant, I will state to him what is my view
of the subject. It is this: that if the British Gov-
ernment have sent a large and unusual naval force
into the seas adjacent to their possessions in North
America—where American citizens were in the
habit of fishing unmolested—with instructions, ae
we are informed, to interfere with the rights as-
serted by these American fivshermen, whether well
or ill-founded, under a construction alleged to be
placed by the British Government upon the con-
vention of 1818; and if the American Executive is
informed that such a movement has taken place
on the part of the British Government, it was his
imperious duty at once to order an adequate naval
force into those seas, to protect American citizens
in the exercise of their rights under the treaty.
Now, sir, as to the danger of collision, I put
this to the honorable Senator from Maryland: the
British Government have taken the initiative, and
they either expected a collision, or they did not.
if they expected a collision, they were not deterred
in their movements by that expectation. If they
did not expect a collision, they expected us to
acquiesce tamely in this national offense on their
part—for it is a national offense, according to in-
ternational law to send without explanation, and
without notice, such a fleet, on such an occasion,
to these waters.
Mr. PEARCE. I think the Senator is trenching
on my time.
Mr. MASON. I did not mean to interrupt the
Senator, but to give him my view of the subject.
He asked what instructions should be given to
our naval commanders if sent on such a mission.
I will tell him what instructions. I would suggest
to instruct the naval commander to preserve the
rights of the American fisherman in statu quo; to
let him fish where he has been accustomed to fish
for the last thirty years; and if he was interfered
with by the British naval power, to protect him:
and I would do it for the very purpose of avoiding
a collision between the two countries.
Mr. PEARCE. There are a great many ifs
and buis in the statement of the honorable Senator
from Virginia. It is much more qualified in that
respect than the remarks of the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Toucev.] I do not understand
the latter Senator to put any of these contingencies
in the case at all, but to assume that it is now the
duty of the President of the United States to send
a fleet into the waters of Nova Scotia and New
Brunswick. I said tl*at much would depend upon
the character of the instructions given to the com-
mander of such a fleet. Much would depend upon
the purposes of the British Government—and of
those purposes the Senator understands no more
than myself. Itis a matter of pure conjecture. If
the commander of such a fleet is to be instructed
to protect our fishermen in their just rights, who
is to tell him, or is he himself to be the judge,
when their just rights are invaded ? Is the Exec-
utive to transfer his duty of "construing a treaty
to a captain of a man-of-war ? How shall he give
him definite instructions f Shall he leave it ro the
commander to say which are the broad waters of
the ocean common to all nations, and which are
those in which we fish by license ?
The Senator says our fishermen are to exercise
their just rights, as they have for thirty years
past. Who knows how they have exercised their
just rights for thirty years past ? Is this Govern-
ment prepared to say on wfiat part of the coast of
the British Provinces, and within what distance
from the shore they have invariably fished for thirty
years past? May it not be that our fishing ves-
sels have encroached from lime to turn? Do we
not know the fact that they have uone so 5
Our fishing vessels have been captured more
than once in the course of the last thirty years for
the violations of treaty. Is the captain of a man-
of-war to determine the questions that may arise,
some of them, perhaps, very ni^e and subtle?
Or is he to be sent there with general instructions
to protect our fishermen, and be left to the guid-
ance of his own discretion and the conjectuir-^ he
may make as to the proper construction of the
treaty ? Or, on the other h«nd, is he to he oenr.
there and be told, if you find a British vessel cap-
turing an American fishing-smack m British wa-
ters, or within the waters of a hay whoae entrance
is not above six miles wide, open your broadside
upon him? Now, sir, when the Executive does
that, I think he will assume a power for which
the Congress of the United States will be very apt.
to call him to account, and a very solemn amount,
while the country, too, would demand a reckon-
ing. It would be assuming a power which does
not belong to the Chief Magistrate of this coun-
