1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1**33
individuals of respectable standing in the city, to j
make the investigation, and I will pay these labor- |
era every cent to which they are entitled most
cheerfully. But I think it is ill-timed and ill-placed
to attempt to embarrass this resolution in this
way, in this hasty manner, and it ought not to he
done.
Mr. GWIN. The law of 1839, which has been
read, was a separate law, providing for the pay-
ment of laborers who had been employed on the
Treasury Building. Why incumber tins resolu-
tion with such a proposition? I am opposed to
putting it into it; I think it will jeopardize the res-
olution.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask the yeas and nays on
my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment will have
to undergo great modification. The resolution in
the book which has been read, and which has been
offered, relates to another matter, and is not appli-
cable to this. i
Mr. SHIELDS. It will only be necessary to j
change a veryfew words.
Mr. HUNTER. I would like to suggest to the
gentlemen who are pressing this amendment, that
this is probably a new principle which they are
introducing. The work was stopped in the win- :
ter, and those workmen who have been employed !
ot day labor remained in the city under the hope j
of being again employed in the spring. We did i
not make an appropriation so soon in the spring .
as I think we ought to have done, and I desired ■
we should do; but the question arises whether we :
ought to pay them for the whole of the time they ;
have been waiting and took the chances like every- I
body else? If we adopt this principle, will it not j
apply to every other public work which is sus- j
pended ? Will we not then have to pay the work- j
men who may say they have been waiting rtntil i
an appropriation shall hove been made? This is [
a very important principle which we are establish- |
ine;. I hope it will not be ins-rafted in this reso- j
lution. I trust gentlemen will not embarrass this |
measure by forcing us to vote on this amendment. I
If they want to have this carried through. let them .
bring it forward in a separate measure, where the \
merits of the claim can be examined and sep- 1
arately passed upon, and let this bill go as u now j
stands. I hope gentlemen will not p! ess the amend- .
ment, but wjil withdraw it, and chow us l.> pa^s !
the original measure. fc
Mr. BORLAND. There set ma to be great ob- .
lection to adopting the amendment to pay these
day laborer-: for work y/hich they have nor acu- ;
allv done. Now, look at the architect—look at ;
the superintendent, getting their ^.OCO or £3,000 .
a vear. whether they arc employed or not. \ on do
not propose to st"p their pay because they have n<>t
been employed. Yon do not propose to stop the
$3,000 or ^5,000 per annum which the architect
gets, or the $2,(J09 wluch 0 ic superintendent gets,
or the §1,000 which on ither superintendent gets.
Gentlemen do not look at that. They do not pro-
pose to cut 01T their pay because they nave no
employment, and have been lounctmg about as idly
as the day laborers. I cannot luidorsfnnd how it
is that gentlemen find sr.ah dignities m the way
of paying a dollar a day to the laborers who have,
without any fault of their own, been kent here
waiting, feeding on expectation, from day to day.
I admit that it is very unsubstantial food, and not,
enough to support them and their wives and chil-
dren. The superintendents of fhis work get their
pay per annum. We are giving them from §2,000
to "S3,000 a year, whether they work or not, and
there is no difficulty in the way of that.
While I am up, T wudd answer the inquiry
made by the honorable Senator from Kentucky a
while ago, with regard to the amount of informa-
tion I have on the subject of these contracts. He
asks me where the contracts are.' H^re they are.
IJpon the resolution introduced by me, the Presi-
dent lias sent in what purports to be copies of all
the contracts which have been entered into. I
have looked t [trough th?m, and i see not one word
on the subject of lahoi eis; sod I take it for granted,
therefore, thot they are employed by the day.
There are contracts covermgevery sort of work—
stone, sand, lime—everything; but Saoor. Theie
is no' contract m regard to labor. I take it for
granted, therefore, that the officer of the Groyem-
ment employed the laborers by the day.
Mr. BADGER. My friend from Illinois having
moved this amendment suddenly, without making
the verbal alterations necessary to make it apph- j
cable to the present case, I ask the unanimous j
consent of the Senate that it may be modified by i
striking out the inapplicable words, and inserting '
words applicable to the present case; so as to make ;
it read, instead of "the commissioners appointed," ,
&c., "that the architect appointed by the Presi- !
4 dent of the United States to superintend the pros-
' ecution of the ad ditions to the Capitol, be author-
Mzed," &c.; and then, instead of "during the
' suspension of the work upon said building by
4 order of the President of the United States," insert ,
"during the suspension of the work upon said j
* building for want of an appropriationand put
in the word "architect," in place of " commis-
sioners," where it again occurs; so that the amend- '
ment shall read:
"That the aiehiteet appointed by the President of the
United States to superintend the prosecution of the work ■
in the const! notion of the addition*! to the Capitol, be, and 1
he is hereby, authorized to examine the claims of the
woikmen to indemnity for the lo?s of then time during the
ftiL ppnMon of the work upon said building tor want of an '
appropriation ; and that the s-aui architect allow to such of .
said workman respectively as were suspended from l«ibor
during the pendency of said appropriation hill, with the en- '
couragernent and under the authorized assurance, that upon ;
the decision thereof their labor would again be required by
the Government, and who intermediately had no oppoi- 1
Uimty of obiamina employment in the citv of Washington, .
such reasonable indemnity for the loss of their wages tor ;
labor during the suspension of the work, as> under the cir-
cumstances of their respective cases justice and equity may
require ; not exceeding, however, in any case, the average
rate of the earnings of said workmen in the employment of
the Government tor a like preceding period of time."
There being 110 objection, the amendment was
so modified.
Mr. BADGER. I thmk another \ erbal alter- ■
atiun is requiied in the amendment—to substitute
for the words " during the suspension of the
work," the words "from the suspension of the
work to the making of the appropriation."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I thmk that is exactly .
right; but I put it to the friends of the workmen, !
whether it would not be better to pass this amend- ;
ment as a separate and independent measure,
rather thau, by sending it to the House of Repre-
sentatives, delay the passage of the original ieso- ,
lution ?
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to •vote for this
amendment as a separate measure; but I am not
willing to put it in this resolution to embarrass u.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. As one of the friends
of tho woikingmcn, I say let this be a part of this
resolution. It. is legitimate to the subject. This
is a resolution to continue the work upon the two
wings of the Capitol. These workmen have been ,
engaged upon that, and theiefure this amendment
is appiopnate to the lesolution.
Mr. RUSK. I rtgurd that as a very important
compromise, which was made with the laborers
upon tne Tredsur) Duiiding in 1839; and, as the
order of the day is the fimnty of compromises, I
shall vote for the amendment.
Mr. ADAMS. I merely want to inquire how
often a Senator has the right to speak upon die
same day upon the same subject ?
The PRESIDENT. Only twice, if it is ob- ■
jected to.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to suggest another 1
verbal amendment in this amendment, which, it i
appears to me, may be necessary. There is m it
a clause providing for the payment of these labor-
ers "during the pendency of said appropriation
hill, upon the encouragement and under an au- .
thonzed assurance that, on the decision thereoi,
then* labor would again be required, }&c. I think
perhaps it would be better to strike out 'he words,
" under an authorized assurance."
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to make that change.
Mr. GWIN and others objected.
Mr. BADGER. Then it will do well enough
as it is.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I must express my
extreme regret that my friend from California will
not allow the Senator from North Carolina, who
has come to the side of the workingraen on this
occasion, to modify the amendment in the mode
he has proposed.
The PRESIDENT. The objection did not
come alone from the Senator from California;
other Senators objected.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
on the amendment offered by Mr. Shields to the
amendment of the House of Representatives, re-
sulted—yeas 29, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Badger, Borland, Bmdhead,
Brooks, Cass, Chase, Cooper, Davis, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felch, Fish, Geyer, Hale,
Mangum, Miller, Norris, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Stockton,
Sumner, Underwood, Upham, Wade, Walker, and Wel-
U'i~29.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison. Berrien, Bradbury, Dawson,
Downs Gwin, Hamlin, Hunter, King, MaJlory, Morton,
Pratt, Seba^ian, Smith, and Spmance—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. We have already adopted a
proviso prohibiting officers of the Government
from making contracts beyond the actual appro-
priations. I think it would be proper to add some
penalty for a violation of that provision, and there-
fore I move to amend, by insertingafter the proviso
that we have adopted, the following:
"And that i f any person or pen ons shall violate the provis-
ions ot thn provi-o, he or they shall be liable to indictment
in any court having junsdiction of enminal offenses; and
on convienon. shall be removed from office, and confined
m tho penitentiary for a term not exceeding five years."
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to learn from my
friend, whether that would not subject the Senate,
who have already voted for the amendment just
adopted, to indictment. It strikes me that it might.
We adopt a provision that the Departments orthe
President shall not make a contract beyond the
amount of appropriation. Now, we have just
voted large sums to a certain class, who have
labored—who have 1 emained here without any ap-
propriations—and hence we have supposed that a
debt has been incurred by these officers, which the
very provision we have adopted to-day provides
' they shall not have the power to create. Most
'clearly, therefoie, I think Senators themselves
! may thus be subjected to indictment under this
provision.
Mr. ADAMS. I will answer the Senator. The
, gentleman did not notice the proviso offered by
! the Senator from Arkansas, and which iias been
' adopted by the Senate, or lie would have per-
! ceived that there was no penalty affixed to its
\10lat10n. If I understand the proviso, it prohib-
its only persons making contracts in behalf of the
Government, to an amount not exceeding the ap-
prnpriations actually made. But the proviso
affixed no penalty to its violation. The amend-
ment which 1 offer proposes to fix a penalty, not
to past, but to future ollenses. Congress cannot
violate the law. How does the Senator say that
they can 5 Congress is the law-making power.
' If it modifies the law, us modification becomes the
law. Congress cannot violate the law. It is the
authority—the legislative body—to make the laws.
"What use is therein adopting a provision that
contracts shall not be made beyond the amount of
the appropriations, if you do not affix a penalty to
a violatu it of the provision ? As has been sug-
gested, a law was passed before prohibiting any
such thin,-!-, but there was no penalty affixed to it;
hence ve see that it Las been done, notwithstand-
ing th* law Now, my amendment is only to affix
■ a penalty to a violation of the law.
Mr. BORLAND. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas"and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted—vea;-: 12, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Mussr . Adam*. Atcin-<n), Holland, Brodhead,'
Bi'foUc, Dodr„e ot fowa, Uamhn, Knur, Mallory,Sebastian,
Walker, and Weller—12.
NAYS—Me^r*. IJaJger, Beuien, Bjadbuiy, Cooper,
Davis. Dawson, Dodtre or WiscqtiM". Douglas, Downs,
I-Yich. Fi'h, Goy.'i. Hale, Hunter", Maajum, Miller, Mor-
ton, ? Toins Piatt,Bu>k, Seward..>hie!'i-, Smith, Spruance,
JSt.H'Kton, Underuoodj't'pha'n/and Wade—28.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
concurring with the amendment of tne House of
Representatives os amended.
Mr. HALE. Is the 1 evolution now in commit-
tee or in the Senate:
The PRESIDENT. Neither. The question
before the Senate simply is on adopriiur the amend-
ment of the House of R epresentatn esasit has been
amended. The Sen.ite passed the resolution otigin-
ally. It w.'S sent to the ICouse, there amended,
anu returned to the Senate with an amendment.
The question now is on concurringwith the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. HALE. I had supposed that we were con-
sidering the resolution as in Committee of the
Whole, and that it was now in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The question is simply on
I the amendment of the House of Representatives
