1831.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the landless citizens of the several States and Ter-
ritories. He asked that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture; which motion was agreed
to.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
Hiram Duncan and 52 others, of the counties of
Hancock and Hamilton, State of Indiana, pray-
ing that the offices of chaplain in the Army and
Navy and Congress might be abolished; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BISSELL presented the petition of Jacob
Shy, praying for a back pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. B. also asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce a bill; which was objected to.
Mr. FICKLIN presented the petition of James
M. Davis and others, late registers and receivers
of the land office at Vandalia, Illinois, asking com-
pensation for the location of bounty land warrants;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, presented the
memorial of the widow and heirs of Elijah Beebe
for losses by Indian depredations; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. C. also asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce a bill for the improvement of
Rock Island and the Des Moines Rapids, in the
Mississippi river.
Mr. EVANS objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL also presented the memorial
of John Prink, praying for relief; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice had been given.
Mr. J. said, if objections were continually made
to the introduction of bills, he wished to know
when members were ever to have the opportunity
of introducing them, and having them referred to
the appropriate committees ? _
Mr. EVANS objected to its introduction.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it wa^
Ordered, That HenryChapman and Wiliiam Woodbridge
have leave to withdraw their petitions and papers from the
files of the House, that they may be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary in the Senate.
Mr. CONGER presented the memorial of C.
Roosevelt and others, late and present registers
and receivers of the land office of Genesee, Michi-
gan, asking compensation for locating military-
land warrants; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. C. also presented the joint resolution of the
Legislature of Michigan in favor of a canal around
the Palls of St. Marie; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. C. also gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the construc-
tion of a ship canal around the Falls of the St.
Marie river, at the foot of Lake Superior. Also
of a bill to grant certain public lands to the State
of Michigan, to aid that State in the construction
of the Clinton and Kalamazoo canal; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. EASTMAN presented the petition of Cor-
nelius Zielie, for back pensions; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. SIBLEY gave notice of his intention to in-
troduce a bill to grant to the several States of the
Union the proceeds of certain public lands, for the
relief and support of the indigent insane therein.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN said the people of New
Mexico had been urged to set up an independent
government for themselves, and they had been
promised the sustenance of several of the States
of this Union. He hoped, under these circum-
stances, it would be the pleasure of this House to
grant the people their light to impart to them
knowledge of the affairs of the Government. He
asked the unanimous consent of the House to in-
troduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
be directed to cause, as &oon as practicable, to be translated
into the Spanish language the President's message and
reports of heads of Departments, and to have printed in
said language five thousand copies of the same, for dis-
tribution among the Mexicans, in the territory acquired by
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Mr. FICKLIN objected to the introduction of
the resolution.
Mr. HOWARD presented a memorial from the
merchants and other business-men of Galveston,
Texas, praying for a reconnoissance of the coast of
Texas, arfd for the construction of a light-house,
navy-yard, and fortifications; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
standing committees for reports.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
discharged from the further consideration of the petition of
Thomas Barclay Livingston, consul for the United States
at Halifax, Nova Scotia, for increased compensation, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
On motion by Mr. H., it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
discharged from the further consideration of the petition of
Pierce Crosby and William E. Buckner, officers in the
Navy of the United States, praying to be paid their respect-
ive shares of the award of the sale of the schooner Oregon,
and that it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. HALL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the [subject not
heard,] and it was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. CABELL, of Florida, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
Abigail Connell, of New Hampshire, for a navy pension;
and it was referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BOCOCK, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
Josiah P. Pilcher, a volunteer, asking for certain pay, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was so referred.
RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States for resolutions, commencing with the State
of Maine.
Mr. FULLER presented the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to,
viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be aud
they are hereby instructed to inquire info the expediency of
repealing so much of the provisions of the act of Congress,
appioved March 3, 1847, chapter 45, as deprives seamen,
who may libel a vessel for the recovery of wages, from re-
covering full costs, and to report by bill or otherwise.
NEWSPAPERS TO MEMBERS.
Mr. FULLER submitted a resolution providing
for four daily papers to the members of the pres-
ent and future Congresses.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe that the
rules prescribe that no member shall offer more
than one resolution.
The SPEAKER. That is the rule of the House.
Mr. FULLER. That is in regard to resolu-
tions on the same subject.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order without the
general consent of the House—the resolution being
a distinct one in a distinct form.
Mr. FULLER withdrew the resolution.
Mr. GOODENOW offered the following reso-
lution, and upon its adoption demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That during the present and every future ses-
sion of Congress, each Representative and Delegate in Con-
gress be furnished with such newspapers and publications
as he shall seiect, not to exceed in amount per annum the
cost offour daily papers.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered.
The question now being on the adoption of the
resolution,
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays; but they were not ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked for tellers
upon the call for the yeas and nays; but they were
not ordered.
Mr. JONES moved to lay the resolution upon
the table; which motion was disagreed to.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution, it was taken, and the resolution agreed
to.
Mr. FULLER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and to lay that
motion upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. TUCK, in pursuance of previous notice,
on leave, introduced a bill to provide for the ascer-
tainment and satisfaction of claims of American
citizens for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the 31st day July, 1801; which having
been read a first and second time by its title, Mr.
T. said there may be a difference of opinion in the
House as to the allowance of these claims, but'!
think there should be no difference as to a propo-'
sition to refer the bill to a select committee.
Mr. BAYLY moved that it be referred to thei
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. TUCK hoped that it would not be killed ia
that way.
Mr. DUNHAM moved that it be laid on .the
table.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to lay the bill upon the table.
^ The question then recurred upon referring the
bill to the Committee on Foreign Affairs; which-
was agreed to.
Mr. MEACHAM, agreeably to previous notice,
on leave, introduced a bill providiag for the pay-
ment of Vermont volunteers in the battle of Platts-
burg; which having been read a first and second
time by its title, Mr. M. moved to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. DUNHAM imn-ed its reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The question was then taken upon referring it
to the Committee of the Whole on the state qf
the Union, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon referring it to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN offered the following resolution:
Whereas the best interests of the country demand that
the great and rapidly-increasing patronage of the Executive
Department of the General Government be diminished, by
transfering the power of appointment, whenever it can be
done without prejudice to the public service from the Execu-
tive to the people; and whereas the appointment of more
than twenty thousand deputy postmasters constitutes the
largest branch of that vast pationage—
Be it there/ore resolved, That the Committee on the
Judiciary be instructed to report, within thirty days, an
amendment to the Constitution, by which Congress shall be
empowered to provide, as far as ptachcable, for the election
of deputy postmasters by the qualified voters in the respect-
ive localities in which post officcs arc situated : Provided,
That if, in the opinion of said committee, Congress has
already such constitutional power, said committee shall,
instead of said amendment, report within the time aforesaid
the bill to effect the aforesaid object.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. ALLEN demanded the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I propose to debate the resolution.
Does it go over?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It goes over under
the rule.
The SPEAKER. The resolution would go over
after the first thirty days of the session.
Mr. ORR. I make the question with the Chair.
Will the Chair decide it?
Mr. JONES. If the Speaker will refer to the
24th rule—that in relation to receiving petitions
the first thirty days—he will find it as follows:
"That petitions, memorials, and other papers ad-
4 dressed to the House, shall be presented byihe
' Speaker, or by a member in his place; a brief
1 statement of the contents thereof shall be made
' verbally by the introducer; they shall not be de-
4 bated on the day of their being presented."
The 25th rule says, that resolutions shall then
be called for in the same order, and disposed of
by the same rules which apply to petitions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, upon examining
the 24th and 25th rules, and finding that resolu-
tions must be disposed of in the same manner as
petitions, changes his opinion, and the resolution
must go over.
Mr. ORR. I propose to debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then it will go over.
Mr. KING, of New York, offered the following
resolution; which was read, and by unanimous
consent considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House the correspondence upon which the
claims of citizens of the United States against Portugal have
been adjusted, if not incompatible with the public interest.
Mr. HAWS, on leave, introduced a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, entitled " An
act to amend an act entitled ' An act regulating the
carriage of passengers in merchant vessels,' ap-
proved February 22* 1847; also to amend an act
entitled * An act to provide for the "ventilation of
passenger vessels,' " approved May 17, 1845;
which was read the first and second time by its
title, and. referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BO E, on leave, introduced a'joint res-
