1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1899
and the Atlantic States. I regard the work as «
important to these States as to these Western ;
States. It is a woik of immense importance to '
our State, running; through the lower peninsula, I
north and south. What 1 ask for this bill is noth-
ing but a fair and candid consideration. I shall I
not detain the House, because I cannot suppose
for an instant that I can inform gentlemen upon
the general purposes of bills of this character. I
have stated a few facts which affect this road. J
can assure gentlemen that it'is not a visionary
affair. It is a road most meritorious in its char-
acter, and one which must be and will be built
eventually whether the State gets this assistance !
or not, because the great interests of the country
demand it. But it is a bill which falls clearly
within the rule which is contended for in regard i
to these hills; and I believe that the alternate sec- !
tions of land and the unsold lands in the country ;
adjacent will refund five times over to the Govern- ;
m-ent what they will get without the construction ;
of the road for the public lands. I am desirous
that the bill should be put upon its passage; and
if any gentleman wishes to have it iead through
before I move the previous question upon it, I
shall have no objection.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
wish it read. I desire to ask a question, how-
ever. Is there any provision in the bill by which
the amount of funds furnished by the United
States is to be returned to the United States in the
shape of slock ? or does it go to stockholders ?
Mr. STUART. The only provision in the bill
is to grant lands to the State of Michigan for the
construction of this road. There ia no provision
for refunding to the United States at all.
Mr. STEVENS. If it contains a provision
that the United States, for the amount of funds
which it contributes, shall hold stock in common
with the other stockholders, I will go for this and
other railroads; but I never wiii give land to enrich
other stockholders.
Mr. STUART. There is no such provision.
The benefit, which the United States Government
will derive from the increased value of the alter-
nate sections, and the increased sale of the Gov-
ernment lands in the vicinity, will more than com-
pensate for the land proposed to be granted. If
it is desired to have the bill read, I have no objec-
tion. I move the previous question on the en-
grossment. of the bill.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. C'VBLE, of Ohio. Is it in order to move
to refer this bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the previous
question is demanded.
Mr. CABLE. Is it in order to move to lay the
bill upon the table ?
The SPE A KER. It is in order.
Mr. CABLE. Then I make that motion.
Mr. STEVENS. Upon that question I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 79, nays 67; as follows: !
YEAS—Aiken, Allison, John Appleton, William ;
Appleton, A she, AvcreU, Babcock, Barrere, Beale, Biijitf- j
haus, Bocoek, John II. Boyd, Buissr, Breckmudce, Bui- j
rows, Joseph Cabin, Caldwell, Ca&kie, Cha^trtin, Church- j
well, Cleveland, Curtis, Geo T Pavi^, Dimimrk, Duncnn,
Faulkner, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J. D. Fnllei, Goodenow, '
Hamilton, Harper. Isham G. Harris, Hart, If ascall, Uebard, j
Hitibrttd. Hiilver, Horsfoid, John W. Howe, Thomas M. !
Dnivi. Thomas Y. How, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Geo. :
W. Jones, J- Glancv Jones, George G, King, Preston Kinj;, j
Kuhns, Kurtz, Letchei, Mann, Martin, Mason, McLnna- j
ban, MoMullin,McNair, iYIcClueen,Meade, Millson, More- |
head. Murphy, Newton, Powell, Reed, Robbing Robie, j
Favaee, Schermerhorn,Scudder, OiigrnS. Scymom, Skrl- j
ton, Sfanlv, Benjamin Stanton, Thaddetis fUeven^ Slither- j
land, Wallace, Wildnek, and Woodwaid—79. j
NAYS—Messrs. Abeicrombie, Willis Alien, Bissell, j
Bowie, Bienton, Brisgs, Albert G. Brown, Geo. TI. Brown, I
E. Carrinaton Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson
Campbell, Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Cobb,Conner, John 1
G. Davis, Disney, Dotv, Eastman, Fieklin, Fitch, Florence, ;
Freeman, Henry M. Puller, Gentry, Sampson W. Ilarus
Hendricks Henri, Houston, Howard, James Johnson, John i
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Landrv, t,ockhart, Mace, ;
Humphrey Marshall, Miller, Molony. Nabers, Orr, Samuel ;
W. Parker. Benin man, PI?eIps,Polk, Porter, Rantoul, Sack- |
ett, Seurrv. David L. Seymour, Richard H. Stanton, Abia-
Jiarn P. Stephen-:, St. Martin, Stuart, Taylor, Tliur&ton.
Townshend. WaUh. Ward, Watkins, Welch, Addison
White, Alexander White, Wilcox, and Yates—67. \
Mr. RICHARDSON, before the vote was an-'
nounced, said: 1 was not within the bar, but I ask ||
permission of the House to record my vote. I
should have voted in the negative.
Mr. ALLISON". I object.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. BARRERE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. CABLE. I move to lay that motion upon
the table.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It will not expire until six-
teen minutes past twelve.
Mr. STUART. I believe I was entitled to the
floor.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen upon the floor
are apt to suppose that they are ahead of every-
body else.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Chair thi^question:
Has he announced the name of any gentleman as
making a motion since the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Barrere ?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cable] moved to
lay the motion to reconsidei upon the table.
Mr. STUART. I addressed the Chair 
The SPEAKER. So did the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Carle,] and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. STUART. Did the Chair acknowledge
either of them by name?
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized by
name the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cablk,] who
made the motion to lay the hill upon the table.
Mr. STUART. I would ask the yeas and nays
upon that question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say to the
gentleman from Ohio, that he would be gratified if
he would withdraw his motion, as it is the usual
practice and courtesy of the House to allow the
gentleman who reports a bill to control it.
Mr. CABLE. To gratify the Chair, I will
withdraw my motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cable,] and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] and the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] were simultaneously
upon the floor. The Chair recognized the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Cable.] The question,
however, to reconsider the vote and lay upon the
table is not debatable.
Mr. STUART. That motion is not made.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Carle] withdraws
his motion and yields the iloor to me.
The SPEAKER. The question to reconsider
is not debatable, and therefore the Chair supposed
at the moment that it could not be a matter of any
consequence to anybody who obtained the floor,
as the question was not debatable.
Mr. STUART. I desire, as the morning hour
is within some two minutes of being out, that the
Houfe will consent to let this motion pass over
until to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that this matter shall be passed over until
to-morrow morning;?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. STUART. I ask the yeas and nays upon
the motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the motion
upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. POLK. I move that the House adjourn,
and upon that motion I call for tellers.
Tel'ers were ordered, and Messrs. Davis, of
Indiana, and Chandler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 7, noes 114.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Has the morning hour ex-
pired?
The SPEAKER. It lias.
Mr. SEYMOUR, Then I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
PROTECTION OF THE FRONTIERS.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Seymour] to withdraw his mo-
tion for a moment, that I moy ask the House to
take up and pass the bill for the protection of the
frontiers. It will take but a moment to dispose
of it.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I would be
glad to do so, but the hour of debate is limited,
and there are a number of gentlemen who wish to
speak upon the river and harbor bill.
Mr. RISSELL. It will consume buta moment.
Mr. MEADE. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
The SPEAKER. That motion takes prece-
dence of the one submitted by the gentleman from
New York.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Meade's
motion, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BISSELL. I would state to the gentleman
from New York that the bill which I propose to
take up will not consume three minutes' time.
There will be no discussion upon it, and there is
certainly no bill before the House that requires ac-
tion more than this. I will renew the gentleman's
motion when it is disposed of.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I cannot withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. BISSELL. Then I hope the House will
vote down the gentleman's motion; and upon it i
ask for telleis.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sey-
mour's motion, and it was agreed to.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole.on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Olds in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill No.
932-, making appropriations for the improvement
of certain harbors and rivers; upon which Mr.
Molony was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MOLONY. Mr. Chairman, I do not in-
tend to occupy the portion of the hour allowed me
before this debate closcs by order of the House.
But, sir, from the great interest which my con-
stituency particularly, and the Northwest gener-
ally, feel in just and liberal appropriations for
harbors and rivers, I feel constrained, contrary to
my own feelings, to present some considerations
which suggest themselves to me as bearing upon
the bill pending before the committee. We have,
sir, the usual amount of objections, both as re-
gards the Constitution and expediency, with which
we always meet from certain gentlemen whenever
measures of deep interest to the Mississippi Val-
ley are under discussion in this body.
All of our railroad bills giving alternate sections
to railroads, eminently calculated to settle and de-
velop the boundless resources of that valley, add-
ing at the same time to the value of the public'
domain and the resources of your National Treas-
ury, have to meet here constitutional objections
from a certain quarter. From the same gentlemen
the cry of unconstitutionality was raised when the
hill giving a home to the homeless and land to the v
landless was before us. That bill, sir, while it was
but just to that class of our fellow-citizens whom
it was particularly designed to benefit, was sus-
tained by high considerations of national policy,
and eminently commended itself to the favor of
the new and landed States, calculated, as it is, to
swell the tide of emigration to them, and hasten
the development of their vast agricultural and com-
mercial wealth. Yet, sir, it had to encounter, on
its passage through this House, all the snags and
sand-bars which these strict constructionists could
throw in its way; but fortunately it outrode all of
these perils, ana is now in the hands of the Sen-
ate, to whose action upon it the country is looking
with the most profound interest.
In relation to the constitutional objections urged
by gentlemen to the passage of the bill now pending
before us, I havehutalittle, very little,to say, sir.
As thegentleman from North Carolinalast evening
remarked, so say I, sir. It is utterly in vain to
discuss this constitutional question. It is a ques-
tion so utterly foregone that I am not aware of
any American statesman, living or dead, who had
a national reputation, or who now has one, who
has not and does not concede the constitutional
question. This is not, and never has been, a party
question; but upon the power and duty of Con-
gress to make these improvements for the benefit
of your commerce, inland and foreign, there has
been and is a most remarkable unanimity among
eminent American statesmen, all recognizing the
power and duty. I repeat, sir, I am not aware
of the constitutional question ever having, been
raised by a single eminent American statesman.
