1S51.
"THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
im.
Mr. ORR desiring to debate the resoultion, it
was laid over.
Mr. RIDDLE. I desire to offer ft resolution-,
which is upon the same subject—although it dif-
fers in effect—as the Resolution offered yesterday
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stan-
tbu,] and whieh was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the State of the Union. 1 do hot
desire to debate the resolution further than to say,
that all the objections urged against the fesolu'tSoii
yesterday, aire obviated by the one which I now
offer. If it is read, I feet confident that it will
meet with the concurrence of the whole House,
fts, I am assured, it does meet with the ioncur-
rence of the Committee on Public Buildings. The
resolution was read, as 'follows:
Whereas the appropriation for the improvement of the
Capitol has been exhausted: Therefore
Be it resolved, That the Architect of the Capitol be and
he is hereby authorized to continue m service, until an ap-
propriation shall hereafter be made, such mechanics and
laborers as may, in his opinion, be demanded by the inter-
ests of the Government.
Mr. RIDDLE demanded the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Is it in order to
offer an amendment to that resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, as the pre-
vious question is demanded.
Mr. PULLER. Then I move to lay the reso-
lution upon the table.
Mr. VENA-BLE demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Oru and Meaciiam were
appointed.
Mr. WALSH. I submit to the Chair that we
have ho power to appropriate money, except by
joint resolution; and as this resolution necessarily
involves an appropriation, it is not in the proper
form.
The SPEAKER. That may be a reason for
voting down the resolution, but the Chair cannot
upon that ground rule it out of order.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the resolution on the table; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 61.
-So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. EVANS submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary df the Treasury be requested
to inform this House whethei any, and if any, what meas-
ures he may deem necessary to prevent the cxpoitatton of
silver com, and whether he recommend to Congress any
hew adjustment of the lelative value of gold and silver; and
also whethor, in his opinion, beuguuiage or charge upon the
coinage of silver coin be necessary or proper.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, desiring to debate
'the resolution, it was laid over under the rule.
Mr. WALSH submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to communicate to this House a statement of the
accounts between the United States and the State of Mary-
land, for advances of money made by said State to the
General Government during the war of 1812; and that he
also communicate a statement of the account between the
United States and the said State for money advanced by
Maryland to aid in the erection of the Capital at Wash-
ington.
Mr. BOWIE offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
^■Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia inquire into the expediency and practicability of pre-
venting the issue and circulation of small notes, under the
denomination of five dollars, in the District of Columbia,
and that the committee report by bill or otherwise. •
Mr. STANTON, of Kentuclcy, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported the following joint
resolution:
Resolved, <$'c., That the Executive document*, the print-
ing of additional copies of which have been ordered during
the present session, or may, during either session of the
present Congress be ordered by Cither House of Congress,
and the size of which shall not be less than 250 pages, such
additional copies shall be bound, undcrthe direction of the
Joint Committee on Printing: Provided, That the cost shall
not exceed twelve and a half cents per volume for the whole
number ordeied.
Mr. S. stated that this resolution was precisely
similar to the one passed by the last Congress.
The joint resolution having been read twice, was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was subsequently read a third time and passed.
Mr. S. moved to reconsider the vote on the pas-
sage of the resolution, and to lay the motion^ to
reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That so Inoch of the 17th standing mVe as pro-
vides for ti e admission of certain persons therein named
within the Hall of theHouse of Representatives, be so modi-
fied as to embrace Governor Loujs Kostjach, of 11 angary;
and that tile Speaker of the House be lequested to commu-
nicate thesa'melo Governor Kossuth.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded theprevious ques-
tion on its adoption.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe that a
motion to amend the rules cannot be made with-
out one day's notice.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is right.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was in hopes that the
gentleman from Tennessee would have offered no
objection to this resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do obj«*ft- to it
We have enough admitted now.
The resolution was then laid over.
Mr. AIKEN offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the justice and propuety of allowing
bounty land to the Washington Light Infantry, Washing-
ton Volunteers, German Fusileers, and Hamburg Volun-
teers, of South Carolina, who were engaged m the riorida
war, and were disehaiged beloie the expiration of one month
from the commencement of their term of service: and that
the accompanying papers be and are hereby referred to said
committee.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to
amend it, by inserting after the words " term of
service," the words:
"Also, all those who were engaged in the removal of the
Cherokee nation west of the Mississippi, from 1835 to
1838."
Mr. MEACHAM moved to amend the amend-
ment, by adding thereto the words:
" And also the Vermont volunteeis who were engaged in
the Battle of Plattsburg."
Mr. AIKEN. I object to those amendments.
The gentlemen can bring in resolutions of their
own.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. ORR demanded the previous question, with
a view of cutting off further amendments.
The previous question was not sustained.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER. I propose now further to
amend the amendment, by adding at the heel of
it these words: "and all the rest of mankind."
[Great laughter.]
The question being taken, the amendment to the
amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 propose further to amend
the amendment, so as to include the soldieisof the
revolutionary war who served less than six months
and more than one month. No provision has ever
been made for them.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether he pro-
poses that those soldiers of the revolutionary war
shall locate their.lands here or in eternity ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. FOWLER. 1 think the question is not
relevant, and I therefore decline to answer it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCURRY. I propose to amendthe amend-
ment, so as to make it include all those who served
in the revolution in Texas. [A laugh.]
The SPEAKER. There is already an amend-
ment to the amendment pending, and the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Texas is not therefore
in order.
Mr. GORMAN. I understand that the previous
question has been demanded and refused.
The SPEAKER. It was not seconded.
Mr. GORMAN. I believe the House is now
prepared to sustain the previous question, and
therefore I demand it.
The question being taken on seconding the call
for the previous question, there were ayes 63, noes
36. No quorum voting.
On the motion of Mr. STANTON, of Tennes-
see, the House then adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
By Mr. HAWS: A bill in relation to the office of assist-
ant treasurer, in the city ofWew York.
PETITIONS, Stc.
The following memorials, petitions, &c.^ were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. JOHN W. HOWE: The petition of E. Kings-
bury and 39 others, citizcns of Butler county, Pennsylvania,
praying Congress to establish a mail route from Pittsburg,
via Allegheny City, rerrysvillo, Wexford, ZelienopTe,
Harmony, Whitestown, Prospect, CentreviHe, HamsviHe,
and Wesley, to Franklin, Venango county, Pemiaytva- -
nia. • .
By. Mr. STANTON, of Kentacky: The petition of
sundry citizens of Grant county; KentuBky, praying .that
arrearages of pensions may be paid to George Williams,
who was wounded in the war of 1812.
Also, the memorial of Aaron Adams, of Grant county,
Kentucky, an invalid pensioner, asking an increase of pen-
sion, and compensation for a liorse lost in the Indian war
of 1912.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. The petition of
Thomas K. Knowland, for himself and others, preying for
the establishment of A post route.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 18, 1851.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. ButlSbr.
PETITIONS.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Charles
Fletcher, proposing to establish a line of steam-
packets between Norfolk, Virginia, and the ports
of Cadiz and Gibraltarwn Spain, !md praying that
the Secretary-of the M.vy may be authorized to
contract with him for carrying the mail between
those ports; which tvns referred to the 'Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of Caleb
Dusti'n, praying the redemption of certain contiJ
nental moiiey issued to his grandfather for his
services in the revolutionary war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Ctaims.
Also, a resolution passed by the Legislature of
the State of New Hampshire, in favor of the es-
tablishment of a Bureau of Agriculture in the De-
partment of the Interior at Washington.
Ordered, That it lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial of Rob-
ert Mills, architect, praying to be allowed an op-
portunity to justify his acts as Architect and
Superintendent of the Patent Office wing building,
against certain charges made against them by the
Commissioner of Public Buildings in his report
to the Department of the Interior; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. PISH presented a petition of the assistant
marshals fortaking the Seventh Census of King's
county, New York, praying to be allowed addi-
tional compensation for their services; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PRATT submitted additional evidence in
relation to the claim of the legal representatives of
William Somerville, deceased; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BUTLER submitted additional evidence in
relation to the petition of the representatives Of
John Moore, deceased; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Derrtll H. Darby, for him-
self and the other heirs of Colonel William John-
son, an officer in the revolutionary army, praying
to be allowed commutation pay.
Colonel Johnson is well known from his histev
ical reputation. He was a soldier in the revolu-
tionary continental service. He performed'a gal-
lant part in the battle at Fort Moultrie, and served
from that time until the capitulation of Charleston,
in May, 1780. Colonel Johnson and his regiment
were prisoners of war, and continued so until an
exchange of prisoners was ordered in May, 1781;
so that he claims commutation pay as a soldier Or
officer in the service of the Revolution, until Octo-
ber, 1780: because the law provides, that those
who served till that time, without resignation or
being cashiered, shall be entitled to this commuta-
tion pay. Although this is the provision of the
law, neither he nor his representatives ever re-
ceived this pay. This is one of those claims which
I would especially commend to the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims. I move that the petition bs referred to
that committee.
The petition was so referred.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of Francis
Gardere, praying compensation for certain land
claimed by him under a Spanish grant, and occu-
pied by the United States for military purposes;
which was referred to the Committee o.n Private
Land Claims.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of the
administrator of Joshua B. Smith, deceased, pray-
ing compensation for the use of a vessel employed
under a contract with a Government officer in
transporting troops dftring the Florida war; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
