1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
Resolved, That wo recommend the immediate passage of
the bill now* beiore Congress, introduced by Mr. Doty, for
the e.xtabiishrnent of a public printing: otfiee, believing it to
be the commencement of that progressive reform, which
will eventually secure to the toiling millions their true posi-
tion in society, and a fair compensation for labor m every
useful occupation.
M. C BROWN, President.
JAMES W. WOLF, Secretary.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
riessee [Mr. Stanton] was recognized by the ;
Chair, as upon the floor. j
Mr. STANTON. The question of order I de- i
sire to wake is this: that the bill, which was dis-
cussed yesterday morning by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bococit,j and the morning pre-
vious, by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] and another gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson,] was admitted into the House by I
unammoiK consent of the House, and is therefore
the first thing in order this morning, as the un-
finished business during the morning hour of yes- ■
terday, and I insist that it has precedence. j
The SPEAKER. Even if the gentleman's
proposition were true, it could not affect the mo- i
tion made by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. >
Mace.] He regularly obtained the floor, and has I
made a motion which is a privileged one. I
Mr. STANTON. I hope I may lie allowed to
state to the House that last week we went through
Mr. BARTLETT. I would have been con-
tented to give a silent vote against this bill, had it
not been for the positive and emphatic declaration
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Dan-
iel,] who reported it, that if this bill had not in-
volved the title to slave property, there would
have been no opposition to its passage; accompa-
nied with the declaration on his part, that, inas-
much as the bill involved the consideration of
slave property, the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sackett] pricked up his ears, and started
in a stampede. The gentleman from New York
can answer for himself; and I wish the members
of this House to distinctly understand that I do
not belong to that class of cowards who ever run.
1 never dodge. Being constrained, from my con-
victions of duty, and from what I believe to be
right, to vote against this bill, I choose to state the
reasons which influence my judgment and control
my mmd in relation to the merits of this bill,
rather than leave then* to the tender mercies ot
the advocates of this bill. The invitation of the
honorable gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stu-
art,] now in the chair, addressed to Northern
men, and to Southern men, to discuss the subject-
matter involved in this bill ill the same spirit and
in the same manner in which they would discuss
any other matter; accompanied with the prophetic
declaration, that the discussion of this subject in
the Private Calendar, and there is but little to do. 1 the same spirit, will do more than all other causes
We can properly spend the morning hour in dis- '' combined to allay irritation, has had some in-
posing of this naval bill, and it ought to be dis- j fluence upon my mind, in calling me from that
posed of. J i silent and still position which 1 have hitherto oc-
Mr. DANIEL. I beg leave to correct the! cupied as a member upon this floor.
gentleman. There is a great deal upon the Calen- j Mr. Chairman, the word agitation, in the popu-
dar of a litigated nature. < lar sense which it has obtained at the present day,
The question was then taken on the motion of j is a word obnoxious to me. And I commend the
Mr. Mace, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the :
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calen- ;
dar, (Mr. Stuart in the chair.) '
GENERAL JAMES C. WATSON. j
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in order i
before the committee is House bill No. 136, for j
the relief of the legal representatives of General
James C. Watson, late of the State of Georgia; j
and upon that bill, the gentleman from Vermont '
[Mr. Bautlett] has the floor. _ I
Mr. BARTLETT. Being a new and mexpe- !
rienced member of this body, I wish to make an
inquiry of the Chair. I desire to know, sir, from ;
the volume of your experience, whether the same j
rule obtains, in relation to the latitude of debate,
in the Committee of the Whole House, that, by ^
custom, obtains in the Committee of thS Whole i
House on the state of the Union r j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to i
the gentleman from Vermont, that by the rules of i
the House, discussion in the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, is confined
to the bill under consideration.
Mr. BARTLETT, (resuming.) I regret that
this is so, for this reason: that since the opening
of the present Congress, on different occasions,
allusion has been made to myself, and never ex-
pecting', in the course of time, to be able to obtain
possession of the floor again, I should be willing
to record the sentiments which I feel, and should
be happy to express, in reply to the allusions to
myself, made by the honorable gentleman from
Florida, [Mr. Cabell,] who at an early period '
of this session, when he opened the political ball, ;
alluded to my humble self—a Representative from ij
the far North, among the cold regions of Ver- |j
mont, where gentlemen are not easily excited, slow . j
to ano-er, but when really aroused and thoroughly ;■
warmed, retain the heat for a long period of time, j
But being reminded by the Chair that I am
under obligation by the rules of the House to j
confine myself strictly to the question under de- ;
bate, I shall confine myself to the more sub- i
stantial things of earth, and discuss the merits of
this bill, so far as I am able, now called up for ^
consideration. . .
Mr. CABELL. I ask the gentleman to permit ■
me to say a single word. The gentleman speaks
of my having alluded to him in a former debate, j
I will say that the only allusion made, was the
reading from a newspaper a list of names of gen- i
tlemen who composed the central Democratic com-
mittee. It seems to me that it was perfectly fair
and legitimate. That is the only allusion I have ^
ever made to any of them.
good taste, and the good judgment of the honor
able gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
l)o\v in the chair, for substituting in lieu thereof,
the word in itation.
Mr. Chairman, ever since I arrived at my ma-
jority, and until the present moment, I have been
an ardent and devoted member of the Democratic
party of the United States. I have not belonged
to " young America," neither have I belonged to
"old America." Sir, I belong to the United
States of America, without distinction of party.
Yes, sir, to the United States, as they now exist
by virtue of the solemn compact between the States
and the Federal Union.
Sir, the first President of the United States for
whom I ever voted, was Andrew Jackson; and 1
have voted for every Democratic nominee since,
General Lewis Cass included. In 1848, I had
something to do with his nomination; but, since I
have taken my seat as a member of this Congress,
I have learned, to my chagrin and to my deep
mortification, that 1 am not entitled, even by mem-
bership with the Democratic party, to meet in
Democratic caucus with my friends. If I am not
entitled by membership—if I am not entitled by
my devotion, and my desire to promote the in-
terests of the Democratic party, to membership
in the party, I am willing, at any time, to enter
into the proof whether or not I am entitled to my
discharge, with a certificate of good conduct; but,
sir, not"with a view of entering mto the service of
any other party. No, sir. If I cannot serve with
the Democratic party, I wish the country to un-
derstand distinctly that I serve nowhere.
But, one wovd on this subject of irritation. If
there be any evil in the history of this Govern-
ment that I have more reason to deplore than an-
other, it is the discussion of the subject of slavery
in the Congress of the United States. Sir, I am
willing to abide by the Constitution and its com-
promises, and the just construction of that instru-
ment, together with all laws that are passed pur-
suant to that sacred instrument. But, in the spirit
of kindness, in the best of feeling, in the kindest
motives of the human heart, let me say to the
country and this nation—inasmuch, sir, as I have
a desire to allay the spirit of imtalion—let me say
to all men, irrespective of all party considerations,
that the proper way to allay irritation ifi tor
gentlemen to cease to apply their irritants. When
the representatives and members of this Confed-
eracy shall learn not to arraign and impugn the
motives of men; when they shall learn not to ar-
raign and impugn their integrity, their patriotism,
their democracy, and their love of the Union, and
stigmatize them as traitors, apostates, and dogs,
, for the reason that, from birth, education, reli-
gious habits, and from all their associations, from
their youth up, entertain sentiments and feelings
in relation to a peculiar and delicate institution not
in accordance with their views, then, sir, irritation
will cease; and, what is far better, counter irritation
will also cease!
Mr. Chairman, it becomes us who represent the
people, as wise and sworn legislators, to remem-
ber that there is in man a spirit of resistance; I
say it emphatically, sir, a spirit of resistance. It
is in the very nature of man; it is interwoven in
his mental constitution; and God has endowed
him with the physical elements of manifesting this
innate disposition within him, and he will do so
to the resisting and overcoming that power which
annoys, oppresses, and afflicts him. I, sir, am
not insensible to the fact that I stand in the pres-
ence of the most august, awful, dignified, ana or-
derly Representatives of the most mighty and
powerful Government among the nations, and I
feel a degree of timidity and embarrassment creep-
ing over me when I reflect that I am in this great,
august, and awful presence; but I think the hon-
orable Speaker of this House, for whom I had the
pleasure of voting, would have but very little
hammering to do—very little of the materialrapping
as contradistinguished from the spiritual—to keep
this House in order, if every member was as
[ obedient to the rules of this House as myself,
t Sir, when I came to Congress, I was disposed
j to look upon the Representatives of the Southern
I portion of this Confederacy as men who had no
j sympathy in common with the North in relation
j to national affairs. I have been a quiet, and, I
! hope, a patriotic observer of the events which
have here transpired, and I do not see but what
the Southern members of this Confederacy are us
much interested in, and appear to take as active
and interested part in all the deliberations of this
body, which concern the interests of this nation,
as the members from theNorth, and seem to iden-
tify themselves with the interests and prosperity of
this great nation. They seem to act m compli-
mentary harmony with the Constitution and the
laws which have been made in accordance with
the provisions of that Constitution; and, there-
fore, I have come to the conclusion, m my own
I mind, that the Representatives in this body, with-
out respect to party," to section, or to location, are
all friends of the Union.
Mr. Chairman, I regret exceedingly that I am
not at liberty to explain my position. I regret it
exceedingly, because I represent a portion of the
people of the North, and as a Democrat, and a
man who has devoted more time than any man in
the north of Vermont to promote the interests and
welfare of the Democratic party, justice to my-
self and my constituents demands that I should
have an opportunity to express my views and re-
flect their will upon the subjects that interest the
country. Sir, at this late period, to have itspread
before the members of the Democratic party in
this body in scurrilous, mean, contemptible sheets,
that I am not entitled to membership in the Demo-
cratic party, makes me wish the rules of the
House would permit me to pour out the senti-
ments and feelings of my heart upon these calum-
niators, who so richly deserve it. [Laughter,and
cries of " Good " Pour it out !"J
Mr. POLK. I move, Mr. Chairman, that the
gentleman be permitted to poui it out.
Mr. BARTLETT. I do not know, Mr. Chair-
man, whether these suggestions of the gentlemen
about me are made in the spirit of kindness or ill
will.
Mr. POLK. Out of kindness.
Mr. BARTLETT. I ask, Mr. Chairman, no
suspension of the rules. I ask for nothing which
I have not a right to demand, and what I have a
right to demand I will stand up to. I know, sir,
that there is a difference of feeling, and a differ-
ence of sentiment prevailing in different portions
of this Union in relation to a certain institution,
and there is one gentleman upon the floor of this
House—I look to the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky, and if by the rules of this House I am
permitted to speak his name, I allude to the hon-
orable Mr. Breckinridge—who, if I understood
the temper and the tenor of his speech, delivered
in this House some time ago, said, that he did not
require that Northern men should indorse and
approve of the compromise measures of the last
Congress.
Mr. Chairman, with these preliminary observa-
