1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
tions, T now proceed to the investigation of the ,
bill called up for consideration, and I am riot in-!
sensible to the fact that I have no influence, nor
any consideration in this body, by which I can
seriously endanger the passage of the bill. I
know tliat very well. But, sir, I wish to record,
and have recorded, the reasons which influence
my opposition to this bill.
'Before 1 proceed to the discussion of the merits
of the bill, I wish to bring before the committee
the facts of the case. I understand that, in 1836,
General Jesup, the commander of the military
forces of the United States engaged in Florida in
the Seminole war, entered into a written stipu-
lation and agreement with the Creek nation, that,
in consideration that that nation would raise some
six hundred to one thousand valiant fighting men
to aid and assist the United States m their war
against the Seminoles, they should receive the
pay and emolument of the regular soldiers of the
United States, together with such plunder as they
should capture, belonging to the Seminoles. I
learn, in the prosecution of that war, that a cer-
tain number of negroes were captured, and when
taken, were in an attitude of hostility to the United
States. I learn, further, from the advocates of
this bill, that, at a subsequent time, General James
Watson, for the relief of whose heirs this bill is
introduced, through the agency of General Arm-
strong, the agent of the Creek Indians, entered
into a contract by which he purchased the right
of the property of the Creek nation in these ne-
groes, for the consideration of $14,500, which sum
was paid by Watson to the Creeks, who distrib-
uted it to those to whom it belonged. I never ad-
dress theChairman (theChairman being in conver-
versation with a member) when he is talking to
somebody else; for it is contrary to therules of the
House. [Laughter.] I do not thank any gentle-
man to intervene between him and myself. [Re-
newed laughter.] I have seen that course of pro-
ceeding tou long not to reprobate anu condemn it.
So long as I am orderly addressing theChairman,
f am entitled as a matter of right to his respectful
consideration.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair will endeavor
to ve the gentleman his especial consideration.
Mr. BARTLftTT. It is time for <( young
America" to insist upon her rights. [Prolonged
laughter.] I will do it, sir, though the gallows
stands between me and the desk: and the old men
of this Hou*e must learn that while reverence is
due to old age, good manners are due to both young
and old.
General Watson purchased those negroes, and
il is said that he purchased them with the sanction
of the Government of the United State.*. Now,
inasmuch as I have accepted the invitation of the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] I feel
bound to accept it upon the terms proposed, and
to discuss the bill m a spirit of kindness and good-
will, keeping m remembrance the Constitution and
law. It is impossible to discuss the matter in-
volved in the bill, without referring to the subject
of slavery. It is as much impossible as it was for
t.he boy who was extremely timid and bashful,
and ^ould not declaim in public. His father, with
the view to have Hie poor boy overcome his timid-
itvand his bashfulness, erected a stage in his cab-
bage garden. Now, said he,<k My son, take your
place upon this stage, and imagine that nil these
cabbage heads are men, [Slighter,] and address
them as such. (Renewed laughter.} It proved a
most pel feet failure. Why5 The boy said
" Father, it is very easy to suppose men are cab-
bage heads, but it is not equally easy to imagine
cabbage heads nre men." [Laughter.] Now, it
is impossible to discuss this subject without refer-
ring to the institution of slavery. With a view
to answer the arguments of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Johnson,] I acknowledge that the
institution of slavery existed m this country prior
to the formation of the Federal Constitution. I
acknowledge, in the spirit of candor as an Amer-
ican citizen, as the Representative of a portion of
the American people, that our forefathers in the
framing of that Constitution, recognized the exist-
ence of this institution, and the man who will not
recognize this 1 am disposed to think is a fanatic.
This is most clearly proved and demonstrated by
the second article of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. It h most clearly proved by that pro-
vision of the Constitution, which in substance
enacts that no p'erson, whose services are due to
another, shall be discharged by reason of any law
of the State to which he has cscaped, but shall be
delivered up to his owner. I acknowledge that
this provision in the Constitution of the united
States must relate to slaves. If it does not relate
to slaves, then that article in the Constitution is
without any meaning, as there is no other descrip-
tion of persons to whom it can possibly apply.
Slavery, m my judgment, as 1 understand the
theory and interpretation of the Constitution, is a
social and domestic institution, and belongs to the
several States in which it exists. Am i right?
. There are gentlemen around me who understand
all about the institution of slavery, who under-
I stand the relative and reciprocal rights of master
and slave. 1 ask, am I right, then, in the view
which I express, that the institution of slavery is
a domestic and social one, belonging exclusively
to, and under the sole and absolute control of the
States within which it exists? I am a Free-Soiler;
that kind of Free-Soiler compatible with the Con-
stitution. If these sentiments which I have ad-
vanced are erroneous, let Southern gentlemen,
more intimate with the institution of slavery, who
understand the relative rights of master and .slave,
say so. Now, I am not going to condemn the
Florida war. I have been always on the side of
my country in every war in which she was en-
gaged, and, right or wrong, I ever will be. That
is my motto. I respond to the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Wilcox,] whose acquaintance
I have not the pleasure to have, that, when my
country is involved in war, I am for fighting her
out, right or wrong. I am for relieving her from
the embarrassment of the prewent exigency in
which she may he involved.
Mr. Chairman, how many minutes have I left
The CHAIRMAN. Twenty-three.
Mr. BARTLKTT. T have not yet got into the
pith of the matter. I must proceed, then, with
great rapidity, to slate the reasons of my opposi-
tion to tins bill. I do not know that my intellect-
ual machinery will operate with sufficient rapidity
to enable me to express even the reasons of my
opposition. I do not find any proof to show that
the institution of slavery existed amongst the
Seminole Indians, either dc facto or dc jure. How
does slavery exist in the several States ' Does it
exist by the law of brute force? No, sir. Sla-
very exists in the several States where it obtains,
by virtue of the local and respective regulations
of those States. It is upheld, it is maintained by
virtue of the local laws and regulations of the sev-
eral States. Let me assert here a pi maple, a prop-
osition. Repeal all of the local legislation of the
several States where slavery exists; repeal all gen-
eral legislation where Congress ha* identified itwclf
with the subject of slavery witimi the territory
where it has exclusive jurisdiction, and slavery
would exist nowhere mail our borders.
Slavery, then, exists by virtue of tiie local reg-
ulations of the several States, and I hold, and am
willing to maintain, that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States has no right, by the Constitution, to in-
terfere with it at all. If slavery exists by virtue
of law, where is the evidence tending to wow that
| slavery existed m the Seminole nation, either dt
i facto or dc jure'
' Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I will ask the gen-
| tleman, if there is any evidence before this commit-
| tee, that the institution of marriage is recognized by
! the Creek tribe of Indians ' I will ask the gentle-
• man, furthermore, if there is any evidence before
the committee, or country, that the Creek or Sem-
! mole Indians were governed or guided by statutory
' laws? I will ask the gentleman, further, if sla-
j very cannot exist by virtue of customary laws
i without statutory laws '
' Mr. BARTLETT. These questions, provided
! I have time, I will dispose of. [Laughter.] I
i had no idea that the mere suggestion of the prop-
; osition that there was no proof tending to show
| that slavery existed by virtue of law among the
i Seminole Indians, would bring out so quickly and
! suddenly the advocates of this bill. I had no idea
; that they would flutter so suddenly, but if has
I brought them out in full tilt.
^ If slavery exists by virtue of law, it must exist,
! if it existed at all amongst the Seminoles, by vir-
| tue of law, and not by force. Did slavery exist
i among the Seminoles by the laws of Florida, or
i was it by the savage statutes of the Seminole na-
i tion ? We do not know. These gentlemen who
i represent the institution of slavery would not
doom a free man to slavery. They are too mag-
nanimous—they have too great a respect for the
rights of man—they would give a man a fair trial.
Now, let me ask, in the spirit of candor, where is
the evidence tending to show that by law the in-
stitution of slavery existed amongst the Seminole
nation ?
Slaves are that description of persons who are
wholly subject to the control of another, without
any voluntary freedom of action—whose persons
and services are, in law, the property of another.
But we learn that these negroes, who are the sub-
ject-matter involved in this bill, had great influence
with the Seminoles, and that the Seminoles were
subject to their influence. These negroes exer-
cised a controlling and powerful influence over these
Seminoles. If this is true, they were not slaves
de facto. Why? If I am absolutely subject to the
control and will of this gentleman who^its upon
my left, [Mr. Bocock,] without any freedom of
action, and my sinews, my bones, and my blood
are his, then I am his slave. Butreverseit. This
gentleman is subject to my will and control, and I
influence and direct him. Am I his slave de facto
\ or de jure ? Congress has power to declare war
I by the Constitution. It has power to raise muni-
tions of war. It has power to provide compensa-
! tion for officers and men, but I deny that a military
, commander has any authority, by the Constitu-
: tion or by law, to promise an extra consideration
to a favorite regiment,unauthorized bylaw. When
i a boy, I recollect the beautiful and laconic letter of
i .T. II. Paulding, addressed to Commodore Elliot.
I I was a mere student then. I recollect it, and can
! repeat it nearly verbatim et literatim. He says:
i DfarSir: You are requested to point out to this De-
i partmetit the aiticle of war authorizing the importation of
jackasses m national ships.
j. k. i'auldtn'g, Secretary of the Navy.
Commodore Klliot.
[Laughter.]
Let me request the advocates of this bill toj^oint
to the article of war authorizing a military com-
mander to raise or enlarge the compensation of a
favorite regiment engaged in the war against the
Seminoles, or any other nation. I deny that the
commander of any American force has a right to
enter into a stipulation promising a part of the
military force of this country, and in consideration
that they will fight valiantly for this country, they
shall be paid for their services in the bodies of the
i enemy. I learn, from the facts in this case, and
; from the advocates of this bill, that a portion of
' these negroes were contending against the whole
! military power of the United States, and all the ap-
pliances which this Government could bring to
! bear. I deny, according to the law of nations,
that obtains among civilized and Christian na-
1 tions, that a military commander has the right,
by the law of nature, to enter into an engage-
i ment with the Creek nation, in consideration that
' they would fight valiantly against the Seminole
! nation, that they should receive—and we all know
1 it was a war of extermination—thebodies and souls
1 of their enemies taken in such war. Ah ! thank
I God—thanks to the Constitution under which we
! live, move, and have ourbeingas a Republic, our
i forefathers did not incorporate in it any such au-
- thority or power. The exercise of such an as-
sumed and unwarranted authority would not be
1 binding upon the Government. Gentlemen around
me, who understand the institution of slavery and
I its reciprocal rights, have seemed to acquiesce in
■ the sentiment I advanced—that it is a domestic
, and social institution. Are there any contingen-
; cies which may happen—and i wish to be dis-
tinctly understood upon this subject—m the for-
i tunes of war, by which the social and domestic re-
lations of life can be severed ? Can the fortunes of
war dissolve the marriage relation ? Can the for-
tunes of warchangethe relation of parent and child,
husband and wife, g-uardian and ward, master and
servant? No,sir; the result of war cannot change
any of these relations. Then, for the sake of ar-
gument, suppose slavery, in point of fact and m
law, did exist among the Seminoles. The Semi-
noles were subdued; they were subjected to the
military power of the United States. Did that
dissolve any of these domestic relations? No, sir.
Though I cannot complete, by way of argument,
I what I desire to say m relation to this subject, I
1 shall proceed, in that same connection which I had
: proposed for myself. The Seminole war termi-
I nated; and I wish to say, if that war had beencon-
i tinued to the present moment for the same cause,
