1900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
Bat, Mr. Chairman, there is singular inconsist-
ency in the preaching and practice of gentlemen
who upon this floor raise these constitutional ob-
jections. They are ever ready, sir, to put their
hands into the National Treasury for the improve-
ment of harbors, the erection of breakwaters,
building of light-houses, for the building and
maintenance of a Navy, all for the protection of
our Atlantic commerce. Yes, sir, we have been
voting annually, for the benefit of your foreign com-
merce, millions of dollars, which, in theaggregate,
from the adoption of the Constitution up to 1852,
amounts to $271,000,000 ! while the amount for
the protection of your inland commerce, in the
aggregate, is only $8,000,000! For these vast
expenditures of your National Treasury gentle-
men of the strict construction school uniformly jj
vote. Of their constitutionality I entertain no j
doubt; but of the expediency of continuing a sys- jj
tem of naval appropriations, which has already |j
swallowed up hundreds of millions of treasure, j;
great doubts are entertained, and upon it a grave ||
question arises for the consideration of the Amer- /
jean Congress and the country. The constitu- H
tional power for these appropriations is derived j!
from the clause of the Constitution which confers l|
upon Congress the power to regulate foreign com- ,
rnerce, and the commerce between the States and ;i
the Indian tribes. That in the regulation of for- i'
eign commerce is involved the right to appiopriate !
money for its protection no one denies; and what-
ever may be thought of its expediency, all admit
the constitutionality of the series of annual appro-
priations for the benefit of our foreign commerce. ;I
Of the vast amount of £271,000,000 ! no constitu- ji
V.onal scruples were ever entertained, no fears of j!
national bankruptcy have ever been sounded in our -i
ears—at any rate by these gentlemen of constitu- j'
tlonal scruples, so insurmountable when a bill comes ,
before us appropriating $1,000,000 for the regula- !j
lion of the commerce between the States, upon the |:
fireat chain of lakes stretching half way across the l!
continent, upon the vast Mississippi and its nav- }•
igable tributaries, where floats a commerce of IJ
twice the value of that which is carried on upon l!
the Atlantic. All these constitutional scruples are iI
in the very face of that clause of the Constitution -j
which confers upon Congress the power to reg- ;
ulate the commerce between the States, as well as i
the foreign, and giving that power over both, not
by an implied, but an express grant, hi what I
have said I intend not to arraign the motives of
wny gentlemen who now do, or who heretofore
have, occupied seats upon this floor. I take it for
granted that every gentleman is governed by his
own convictions of constitutional duty, and of ex-
pediency, on this question and all others. I accord
that much to all, as I claim it for myself.
But while I concede that, I must say that gen-
tlemen are inconsistent, and are giving us but a
poor return for the steady and liberal support
which has been given by western members to
measures of interest, particularly to Atlantic com-
merce. We, sir, have had no sectional views
operating upon our minds, inducing us to with-
hold oar voices or our votes from measures which
we acknowledge to be both national and constitu-
tional : but, sir, it matt become a question for West-
ern members to decide, whether our support of
Atlantic rommerce, at the expense of our National
Treasury, at any rate with the liberality of former
years, is not to cease, since, in return for our lib-
erality, we meet with nothing whenever we move
m behalf of western commerce, however modest !
in our demands, from certain quarters,but consti-
tutional scruples and cries of national bankruptcy! j.
When the bill was before this body appropri- 1
ating to E. K. Collins & Co.,'in the course of the
next eight years, not less than $5,000,000 more jj
than a responsive bidder offered to take our mails
for, I believeit wos both constitutional and highly j
expedient in the opinion of some gentlemen, who j;
now 6ee m this bill a violation of the Constitution, h
which appropriates $1,000,000 for the protection ;j
of a commerce, in which twelve millions of Amer- I!
lean people are directly interested, and in which,
indirectly, every portion of this Union has a vast
interest. I intend not to charge upon gentlemen
who sustained that appropriation to the Collins
line of steamers, any improper motives. I could
not reconcile my support of that bill with my
convictions of constitutional duty, and with those
viewa of strict economy in the use of the public
money, by which I am guided; still I am well
aware that some of the ablest, purest, best men
of both political parties, in both Houses of Con-
gress, sustained this appropriation to the Collins
line; and whatever I may think of their act, my
high respect for those gentlemen forbids a sus-
picion of the purity and patriotism of the motive,
feut 1 do say, that for gentlemen to express here
constitutional and other objections to the passage
of this bill, or the principle of it, after voting for
that, is straining at a gnat, after having swallowed
the camel, an illustration of the palpable inconsist-
encies in which honorable gentlemen will some-
times be found.
And, again, although in the opinion of some
gentlemen, the homestead and railroad bills con-
templated a use of the public domain, both being
in violation of the Constitution, and a diversion
from the National Treasury of its resources, yet,
sir, when Mr. Bennett's bill was before us, dis-
tributing not less than $60,000,000 of the public
lands, and abstracting that vast amount of our
national resources, with no equivalent to our Na-
tional Treasury whatever, there weie some Demo-
crats, who, disregardingthe objections which they
urge to this bill, and others who voted for it, not
only in violation of those rules in regard to the
Constitution and economy, by which now they
profess to be governed, m violation of a cardi-
nal Democratic doctiine, which has been incor-
porated in every Democratic platform since the
days of General Jackson, viz: no distribution of
the public lands or their proceeds among the States.
But perhaps gentlemen will say that this doctrine
of the Democratic party is opposed only to an equal
distribution of the public lands, and that since Mr.
Bennett's bill makes not an equal distribution of
the sixty millions, but gives it mostly to the old
States, hence there is no departure from Democracy,
according to their strict construction of our creed.
Mr. AVERETT. I understand the gentleman
to make his remarks in application to those who
held these constitutional scruples about the Col-
lins line. I beg leave to say here, that those hav-
ing those scruples are in the majority on that
question; and that his remarks fall but upon the
minority of our party.
Mr. MOLONY. I do not know that [ compre-
hend very clearly the point that the gentleman
makes. I have made no application to individuals
of my remarks. I am stating a fact, and that fact
is this; that there are many bitterly opposed to
this bill, who had no constitutional scruples in
voting for a bill which gave E. K. Collins & Co.
a bonus of §5,000,000 for carrying our transatlan-
tic mail.
Mr. Chairman, I propose to notice briefly the
declarations of gentlemen who rise here in their
seats and proclaim to this House and the country,
that the support of appropriations for the protec-
tion of our inland commerce, is anti-Democratic—
that the principle involved in them is appropriated
by and belongs to the Whig party of the country.
I deny the statement, sir. Gentlemen undoubt-
edly believe what they assert, hut they, in this
instance, are committing not an uncommon mis-
take, viz: the substitution of a few individuals,
and those themselves for the National Democratic
party.
The founder of the Democratic party, as well as
the great expounder and author of the Constitution
himself, who were both its strict constructionists
and true interpreters of its meaning, sanctioned ap-
propriations for both foreign and inland commerce;
and all succeeding Democratic Administrations,
and all the great men in our party, among whom
stand prominent General Jackson, Silas Wright,
and John C. Calhoun, have not only sanctioned
by their votes, but have sustained them by unan-
swered and unanswerable argument: and, sir,
President Polk, who, it is known, had very strict,
and, by many regarded, illiberal views upon this
question, had no doubt of the constitutionality of
appropriations of the public money for harbors
upon our lakes, and improvements upon our navi-
gable rivers, which were national in their charac-
ter; and the ground upon which he based his ob-
jections to the bill submitted by both Houses of
Congress to him, in his celebrated veto message,
was not a denial of the power to Congress to vote
the money, but its application to objects deemed
by him local, not national; also, that the necessi-
ties of the Treasury, at that crisis, engaged, as we
were, in a foreign and expensive war, made it in-
expedient, in his view, for him to sign it. With-
out meaning to be understood as indorsing all the
sentiments of that message, still, I repeat, such
were President Polk's grounds for his veto, and
no other. And, sir, that General Pierce enter-
tains the same views in relation to this subjectthat
Jefferson, Madison, Jackson, Wiight, and Cal-
houn have declared and vindicated by the power
of their votes and mighty intellects, I am assured;
sir, in that gallant man, and pure and incorrupti-
ble statesman, the Democracy of the Mississippi
valley have the most unreserved confidence; and,
under the glorious standard which Pierce and
King now bears triumphantly upon our inland
seas, and the mighty rivers of theWest,and upon
which is inscribed protection to the commerce of
our lakes and rivers, are the invincible Democracy
of the great Northwest now rallying with an una-
nimity and enthusiasm in support of Young Hick-
ory of the granite hills, only equalled by their de-
votion to Old Hickory, in whose footsteps, as
regards rivers and harbors, as well as upon other
questions, as his illustrious predecessor, will Frank
Pierce be sure to follow.
In the great Northwest lies the reliable strength
of the Democratic party. There, sir, standing in
its true position, that party cannot be defeated.
But, sir, if certain gentlemen could succeed in
their efforts to throw upon the national Democratic
party the responsibility of those views which they
individually entertain in relation to rivers and
harbors, it would be a responsibility that, in the
great State of Ohio, also in Indiana, Michigan,
Wisconsin, Illinois, and Iowa, would crush it
to the earth. Standing in theirirueand ancieTttpo-
sition, the Democracy, in all of them, will come
gloriously out of the approaching contest, with
Illinois heading them, as she did In 1844, as the
banner State of the Union.
Sir, it is for no abstraction that we are contend-
ing, in demanding protection to our commerce. It
is a principle of right which applies directly and
vitally to us; in it is involved the preservation of
the lives of the people engaged in the protection of
theproperty involved in a commerceof$500,000,000
or $600,000,000, which floats upon the great chain
of northwestern lakes and the mighty Mississippi
and its tributaries. Sir, the Democratic voters of
the Northwest cannot be bribed by any considera-
tions of advantage merely to abandon a principle,
or their party founded upon a principle; but if the
day should ever come when that principle shall
be abandoned, when the living faith which is and
ever has been in us, shall be denied, then will the
people of the Northwest stand to the doctrine of
protection to our inland commerce, and deny its
allegiance to that party which forsakes it.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to call the attention of the
House and the country to the fact, that during the
last fourteen years, upo-n your Jakes and rivers,
not less than ^"2,000,000 annually, and about one
thousand lives, have been lost; and if you add the
item of insurance against the dangers which this
Government should have removed, amounting to
not less than £2.000,000 more, yon have the start-
ling aggregate of loss of life and property, not less,
during the last fourteen years, than $50,000,000
of property and ten thousand lives! Yes, sir:
and all, or most of it, in consequence of this Gov-
ernment failing to extend to our commerce that
protection which humanity, its own interest, and
a high sacred constitutional dutv, require it tu
grant; but for failing to do it, not only has this
occurred—this frightful destruction of human life
and great loss of property—but widows and help-
less orphans, by tens of thousands, have been de-
prived of their earthly protectors, who, in a mo-
ment of fancied security, were hurried from time
to eternity, with not one moment's preparation for
themselves and for those whom they were leaving
penniless and friendless behind them.
In conclusion, I repeat again, that upon the
question of harbors and rivers the Democracy are
now, and ever have been, sound; and upon'this
principle, as well c?s upon all of the time-honored
principles of our party, stands the gallant Frank-
lin Pierce; in him the Democracy of the North-
west have unbounded confidence, and the trust
we repose in him he will faithfully discharge, and
the great interests of our lakes and rivers, which,
on the fourth of March next, the American peo-
ple will commit to his keeping, he wiii he faithful
to, as he iias ever been to the duties of every sta-
tion to which the partiality of a confiding constit-
uency have called him.
