m
r?m COMGRE^TONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 18, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before tile House a com-
munication from the State Department, covering a
statement showing that of the $10,000 appropri-
ated l^st session for the expenses of the agent of
the Sublime Porte, the sum of $4,Q51 81 had been
expended for that purpose, and that there was a
balance remaining in the Treasury of said appro-
priation of $5,948 19; which communication,
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
Also, laid before the House a communication
from the War Department, showing the expend-
itures in the several bureaus in said Department
of their contingent funds, in compliance with the
twentieth section of the act of August, 1842;
which,
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, was referred
to the Committee of Wtps and Meaiu, and or-
dered to be printed.
INDIGENT INSANE.
Mr. BISSELL asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, with the view to its commit-
ment, nuking a grant of public lands to the several
States of the Union for the benefit of indigent in-
eane.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have no dis-
position to object «to this bill. But the introduc-
tion of a bill at this time is altogether out of order;
and if the House will proceed in regular order, in
the course of an hour and a half all these bills can
be introduced and be perfectly in order. I there-
fore call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
bill cannot be introduced.
BRANCH MINT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr, McCORKLE. I ask the unanimous con
sent of the House to take up Senate bill No. 6, for
the establishment of a branch of the Mint of the
United States in California, in order that it may-
be referred.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up,
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
On motion by Mr. DISNEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition apd papei s in the case of Sam-
uel Allen be withdrawn fiom the files of the House, and.
to^ethci with the petition of the Hon. A. Allen, now pre-
sented, b£ referred to the Committee of Claima.
On motion by Mr. D., it was also
Ordered, That the papers m relation to Hiram Powers
be withdrawn from the files of the House, and referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings,
Mr. COBB. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
PETITIONS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called, the States and Territories will
be called for petitions, commencing with the Ter-
ritory of Utan.
Mr. BERNHISEL presented the petition of
RobertOwen, George A. Smith, and other citizens
of the Territory of Utah, praying for the estab-
lishment of a monthly mail route from San Diego,
California, via Barowar, to Great Salk Lake City;
which was referred to-the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SCURRY presented two several petitions
of citizens of Arkansas, Texas, and Louisiana,
praying for the removal of the raft in the Red
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. FICKLIN presented the petition of Silas
Noble and other officers of the land'office at Dixon,
Illinois, praying compensation for locating mili-
tary bounty land warrants; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MOLONY. I ask unanimous.consen to
introduce a bill, of which previous notice has been
given, to correct an error in the pension of Orris
Crosby.
The SPEAKER. It will be read, if there is no
objection.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object.
The SPEAKER, Objection is made, and the
bill cannot be received.
Mr. MOLONY. Then I present the petition of
Orris Crosby, praying for the correction of a mis-
take in the pension of Orris Crosby4,'which was
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, presented the
petition of A. J#Sharpless, A. E.Hamilton, Wm.
C. Kennett, and two hundred and eighty others;
also the petition of the passengers and crew of the
steamer Fleetwood, praying for an appropriation
fr-om the national Treasury of such an amount as
will be necessary to purchase the small remaining
private stock in the Louisville and Portland Canal,
and to make the same free of tolls and to suit the
wants of commerce.
Mr. M. I have also in my hands a bill con-
nected with the same subject, which I ask leave
now to present, in order that it may be referred.
I ask that the bill may be read, and that it may be,
together with the petitions, referred to a select
committee.
The bill was accordingly read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. M. I move that it be referred to a select
committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
That is the appropriate committee.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not wish to trespass
upon the jurisdiction of any regular committee of
this House; but it does seem to me that the usual
rules which govern the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] might be waived, and that 1 might
be permitted to give this bill, covering a subject of
so much importance, into the hands of its friends,
who will have an opportunity to present their
views, connected with the subject, to the House in
a form more imposing than is done ordinal ily.
And I trust that the Speaker, in the selection of
that committee, will place upon it the representa-
tives of the sections most particularly interested in
the variety of schemes connected with the sub-
ject already presented to the House.
Mr. JONES. We have standing committees
of the House, and it seems to me that the rule
which should govern the action of the House
should be, that when a bill or proposition is of-
fered here it should be referred to the appropriate
standing committee, unless there be some good
reason against it. If there is any good reason
why this bill to purchase the individual stock in
the Louisville and Portland canal should not go
to the Committee on Roads and Canals, I have no
objection to a select committee. But as a general
rule, I think a select committee should not be ap-
pointed when the subject to be investigated comes
within the legitimate sphere of a standing com-
mittee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to inquire if this
subject, giving rise to debate, does not go over?
The SPEAKER. This subject was taken up
by unanimous consent, therefore the gentleman's
point is overruled.
Mr. JONES. All I have to say, Mr. Speaker,
is, that it is a wrong policy to raise select com-
mittees for the examination and investigation of
subjects which properly belong to a standing com-
mittee, unless there is some good and valid reason
why the standing committee to which it appro-
priately belongs should not have charge of this
subject.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have very little pride or
personal ambition about this matter; but inasmuch
as 1 have the honor of standing at the head of the
Committee on Roads and Canals, I feel it my duty
to resist this attempt to take subjects properly be-
longing to that committee and refer them to a select
committee. The subject-matter of the petition
presented by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Marshall] has already been referred by a vote
of this House to the Committee on Roads and
j Canals. If, therefore, you raise a select commit-
i tee, you will have this subject distributed to two
I different committees. If it is the pleasure of the
: House to abolish the Committee on Roads and
j Canals, I shall make little or no objection to it, as
j I -will then have no work to do; but inasmuch as
I this subject belongs clearly to that committee, I
1 hope the House will adhere to the rule and send it
to them.
The question was taken upon referring the bill
and petitions to the Committee on Roads and
Canals, and they were so referred.
On motion by Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordered, That the papers in regard tq the claims of Cas-
sius M. Clay, Stanton Ga,ar, and John Poe, be taken from
the files of the House, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. HUNTER asked the general consent of
the House to introduce a resolution; but objection
being made it was not received. -
Mr. TAYLOR presented the memorial of
Thomas J. Durant and others, citizens of New .
Orleans, praying Congress to pass a law which
will enable him to bring a suit against the United
States, to obtain a judicial decision upon a claim
which he prefers against the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BELL presented a petition, prepared by
the Colonization Society of Greene county, Ohio,
and signed by seventy-nine citizens of that county,
asking Congress to recognize the independence of
the Republic of Liberia; and praying that Congress
establish a line of steamers to run from the United
States to said Republic of Liberia; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GAYLORD presented the petition of Levi
Deiaver, Francis Pettit, and one hundred and thirty
others, citizens of Morgan county, Ohio, asking
Congress to carefully consider the unconstitution-
ality, injustice, and oppression of the national
Chaplaincy system, and to abolish the office of
Chaplain wherever it may exist by the authority
of Congress; whiclj was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. ST. MARTIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John Mitchell,
James M. Howard, and Moses II. Coats, be taken from the
files of the House, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Also, on motion by Mr. ST. MARTIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of the heirs of
Cattahna Badon, formerly Cattahna Montlemar, be taken
from the flies of the House and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, it
was
Ordered, That the petition of John A. Regan, praying to
be allowed to diam such lakes ill the Mississippi valley as
he may designate, on certain conditions, be withdi&wn
from the files of the House, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked the gen-
eral consent of the House to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice had been given; but objec-
tion being made, it was not received.
Mr. FREEMAN asked the general consent of
the House to introduce a bill; but objection being
made, it was not received.
On motion by Mr. FREEMAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Anna C. De
Neufville Evans, and A. B. Dawson, be taken from the files
of the House, and refeired to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, presented a memorial
in regard t© patents, and the draft of a law for the
protection of patentees; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
On motion by Mr. MEApE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Samuel Jones
be withdrawn from the files of the House, and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FLORENCE presented the petition of
William Abbott, harbor-master, and Harman
Yerkes, master-warden, and others in the city of
Philadelphia, and the pilots navigating the Dela-
ware bay and harbor, and other citizens of the
States of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Dela-
ware, praying for the erection of a pier and har-
bor to afford better shelter for vessels navigating
said bay; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER asked the general consent
of the House to offer resolutions; which were read
for information, as follows, viz:
Resolved, That the Speaker of the House be and he is
hereby authorized to cause such arrangement to be made
in the interior of the Hall, as may be deemed necessary to
the comfort and health of the members. Also,
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper be and he is hereby au-
thorized to appoint an additional assistant, if he deem it
necessary to the proper execution of the duties of his
office.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a privileged question,
and I trust my friend will not object. I am, as
many others are, doomed, by a species of lottery,
to take a seat out here upon the boundaries of
civilization; but I will be well content with that
distance if- 
Mr. EVANS. I call the gentleman to order.
