1902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
sary to create a superior power, upon which should
devolve the duty of legulating, in the most ex-
tended sense, this great national interest.
The writers of the Federalist alluded to the want
of a power to regulate commerce as one of the
principal defects of the old Confederation. It is
there said, " The interfering and unneighborly
< regulations of some States, contrary to the true
* spirit of the Union, have, in different instances,
'given just cause of umbrage and complaint to
4 others, and it is to be feared that examples of this
4 nature, if not restrained by a national control,
4 would be multiplied and extended till they become
* not less serious sources of animosity and discord
* than injurious impediments to the intercourse be-
« twecn the different parts of the Confederacy."
And Mr. Madison declared that " The defect of
* power in the existing Confederacy, to regulate the
* commerce between its several members, is in the
* number of those which have clearly been pointed
* out by experience."
Mr. Calhoun, too, in his elaborate report made
to the Senate in 1846, upon the subject of harbor
and river improvements, says:
"The embanassments, distiaction, and hazard of collis-
ion**, growing out of tin* exeiciae of the power thus received
?n the State* lespeefivelv to regulate their comrneice with
foreign nations and with each other, were so great and
alarming as, in the opinion of the reflecting and patriotic,
to demand a speedy and eftcetual remedy, and contributed
more than any othercause to the calling of the Convention
which framed the Constitution. As is well known, care
wa-> according t ikea to apply efrecttt.il remedies a-? might
be expected delegating to the newly-formed Government
the exclusive power of legnlating the commerce of the
States with foreign nations and with one another, and pro-
hibiting, without qualification, the States from entering into
any tieaty, alliance or coufedeiation."
The Constitution, then, evidently gives to the
National Government all power which the States,
under the Confederation, had exercised, or might
have exercised, to regulate commerce with foreign
nations or among themselves.
It is a well-attested historical fact, that before
the adoption of our Constitution, the power of
erecting such light-houses, buoys, beacons, and
piers, or breakwaters, had been exercised by each
State at its own pleasure, and as it deemed the
exigencies of its commerce to demand. Each
State levied its own duties, imposts, and excises;
and from its treasury thus supplied, regulated
and protected its commerce by such structures and
improvements as were demanded.
Sir, so clearly obvious, so well understood at
that day was it, that by the power to regulate com-
merce, the General Government had the power
not only to light up the whole coast, by the erec-
tion of light-houses, not only to save commerce
by buoys and beacons from destruction on rocks,
sand-bars, and snags, but to protect it from the
storms of the ocean and our inland seas—that at
the first session of Congress after the adoption of
the Constitution a law was passed authorizing, to
the fullest extent, the exercise of this commercial
power. After enacting a law " for laying a duty
on goods, wares, and merchandise imported into
the United States," and another " imposingduties
on tonnage," it passed a law entitled " An act for
the establishment and support of light-houses,
beacons, buoys, and public piers." It is worthy
of observation, that although there was no grant
of commercial power to the General Government,
except what was given by the power to regulate
commerce, this actprovided for the paymentout of
the National Treasury " for the necessary support, j
4 maintenance, and repairs of all light-houses, bea- \
* cons, buoys, and public piers erected, placed, or !
4 sunk, before the passage of this act, at the en- •
' trance of, or within any bay, inlet, harbor, or |
i port of the United States, for rendering the nav- !
4 igation thereof easy and safe." Not only did 1
this act adopt all the public works of this char- 1
acter then in the country, and provide for their re- [
building and repair, but provided for an extension ]
of these works, by directing the building of anew ;
light-house at the entrance of Chesapeake bay.
Here, then, was claimed and exercised the 1
power to erect and maintain, in the bays, inlets, ■
harbors, and ports—public piers. For what pur- '
pose was this power exercised? For national de- '
fense merely ? No; but for the broadest and most :
general of all commercial objects, fully expressed 1
in the language of the act itself—" rendering the :
navigation easy and safe." And by whom"was i
this done? Not by the men of a remote getter- j
action from the fathers of the Republic, but by the ij
first Congress convened under the Constitution:
|| a body of men embracing many of the most illus-
ij trious members of the Constitutional Convention
of 1787. Among them we find the names of John
Langdon and Nicholas Gilman, of New Hamp-
shire; Roger Sherman, of Connecticut; William
Patterson, of New Jersey; Robert Morris, George
Clymer, and Thomas Fitzsimmons, of Pennsyl-
vania; Richard Bassett and George Reed, of Del-
aware; Daniel Carroll, of Maryland; James Mad-
ison, of Virginia; Pierce Butler, of South Caroli-
na; and William Few, of Georgia. Nine of the
old thirteen States were represented in this Con-
gress by one or more of those who had represented
them in the Constitutional Convention, making an
aggregate of thirteen men, distinguished for their
talents and patriotism, now, as legislators of the
nation, claiming the right to exercise this power
under the Constitution which they had themselves
helped to frame. Neither language nor cotem-
poraneous exposition can furnish stronger proof
of the existence of this power in the Constitution.
This construction of the Constitution, so clearly
deducibie from its language, has been for a long
course of years so fully sustained and followed
by the legislation of the country, under all politi-
cal parlies, that it is nowapproved and sanctioned
by a large majority of the people. Recurring to
past legislation, we find that from the commence-
ment of Mr. Jefferson's administration to the end
of Mr. Tyler's, there have been appropriated for
the construction and repair of roads, and the im-
provement of rivers and harbors, §17,199,222.
These appropriations were made as follows:
Under Mr. Jefferson  $48,400
" Mr. Madison  250,800
" Mr. Monroe  707,621
" Mr. J. Gt. Adams 2,310,475
(i Genera! Jackson 10,532,882
" Mr. Van Buren 2,222,544
" Mr. Tyler  1,070,500
Although these appropriations during the ad-
ministrations of Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe
were made chiefly for the improvement of roads
and canals, yet we find in 1802 an appropriation
of $30,000 for repairing and erecting piers in the
Delaware river; in 1805 an appropriation of $5,888
for the same purpose, and still another in 1806.
These acts received the official approval of Mr.
Jefferson.
In 1816, under the administration of Mr. Mon-
roe, an act passed making an appropriation for
repairing the piers in the harbor of Newburyport
and the preservation of Plymouth beach, in the
; State of Massachusetts, and another appropriating
! $75,000 for the improvement of the navigation of
' the Mississippi and Ohio rivers. Thus it appears
that while those distinguished statesmen—Jeffer-
son, Madison, and Monroe—did not admit the
power of the General Government to enter upon
and adopt a general system of internal improve-
ments, embracing roads and canals, they did not
hesitate to approve of acts of Congress for the
aid and protection of commerce, by erecting piers
and other harbor works, and improving the navi-
gation of our large rivers.
There had been, however, ever since the close
of the war of 1812, a large party in the country
in favor of a system of internal improvements,
embracing the construction of roads and canals in
the States, by the General Government.
The Cumberland road commenced during the
administration of Jefferson, and the gigantic en-
terprise of New York for connecting the waters
with the Atlantic had begun to develop the wealth
of the great West. The practicability and the ad-
vantages of these avenues of trade and commerce
were no longer problematical. The question was
| settled. T^e enterprise of the whole country was
j aroused, and urged capital and legislation to fol-
low these glorious examples. As is usual in such
; cases, this fervor mingled with political agitation,
j and the expediency of our Government adopting
a general system ofmternalimprovements, extend-
ing over the whole country, became one of the
leading topics in the political discussions of the
day. In Congress the movement took a decided
shape and character. In the House of Represent-
atives a committee called " A Committee on Inter-
nal Improvements" was formed. The system of
improvements'by roads and canals thus adopted,
was nurtured by this organ of the House, and
increased from year to year in extent, in the
number and magnitude of the works recommended,
and the expenditures increased until it received a
check in General Jackson's veto of the Maysville
road bill—and was finally prostrated by the pre-
valence of the doctrines of that celebrated message,
elaborated, discussed, and lepeatedly applied in
his subsequent messages. The extent of the evils
engendered by this system will be seen by the
character of the bills which they reported. This
committee on internal improvements wns abolished
in 1832; and the contents of the last bill reported
by it should be preserved, as illustrative of the
system which it represented, at contained, among
other appropriations, the following: for a road
from Detroit to Grand river; a road from Memphis
to Little Rock; a national road from Portsmouth,
Ohio, to Lynnville mountain, in North Carolina;
a road from Lower Sandusky to the boundary
line; for a canal from the Illinois river to Lake
Michigan; for a subscription to the Alexandria
Canal Company, and to erect abridge over tin?
i Ohio river at Wheeling. Here, then, are grouped
, together, in one system, roads, bridges, canals,
| and joint-stock companies, exhibiting the true
chaiacter of that class of improvements for which
1 there were, at the time of the Maysville veto,
! projects before Congress, the completion of which
1 would have required more than $100,000,000.
The Maysville road itself started at a point on
j the Ohio river, and ran only sixty miles to an
j interior town. It was a strong case of a mere
i local improvement, not general or national in its
character.
The doctrine which finally prevailed, and which
was sanctioned by the administration of General
' Jackson as the true constitutional doctrine, and
!] was followed in the subsequent administration of
Mr. Van Buren, is thus laid down by General
Jackson:
|; " There is another class of appropriations for what may
|t be called, without lmpiopriety, internal improvements",
which have foi their object the improvement of oui har-
boiP, the removal of partial and temporary obstructions m
our navigable river?, for the facility and security of our
foreign commerce. The pounds upon which I distinguished
appropriations of this character from otheis, have already
been stated to Congiess. I wiJl now only add, that at the
fiist session of (,'ongte«s under the new Constitution, it
was piovided by laiv that all expenses which should accrue
: from and alter the ioth day of August, 1789, in the neces-
; sary support and maintenance and repairs of all light-
; houses, beacons, buovs, and public piers, erected, placed,
! or sunk, betoie the passage of this act, within any bay, in-
; let, harbor, or port of the United States, for rendering
, the navigation there easy and safe, should be defrayed out
i of the Treasuiy of the United States; and further, that
| it be the duty ot the Secretary of the Tieasuiy to provide
: by contiacts, with the approbation of the J'ievident, for re-
, building, when lieces^aty, and keeping in erood repaii, the
hght-houaes, beacons, buoys, and public piers in the several
, States, and for furnishing them with supplies. Appiopn-
ations for similar objects have been continued fiom that
tune to tlie present without inteiruption or depute. As a
, natural consequence of the incica«c and extension of our
: commeice, pons of entry and dehveiv have been multiplied
1 and established, notonly upon our sea board, hut in themte-
' nor ot the couatiy, upon our lakes and navigable rivers'.
■ The convenience and safety of this commcice have led to the
extension of these expenditures to the election of hght-
| houses, the placing, planting, and sinking o; buoys, beacons,
] and piers, and the removal ot partial and temporaiy ob-
structions in our navigable nvei>, and m the harbors upon
our great lakes as well a* on the sea-boaid Although,!
1 have expiessed to Congress my appiehen&iori that these
; expenditures have sometimes been extiavagant and dtspro-
! poitionate to the advantages, to be derived from them. I
; have not felt it to be my duty to refuse inv assent to bills
1 containing them, and have contented myself to follow, m
this re&pect, in the footsteps of all my piedecessors."
| It must be peculiarly grateful to every friend of
i the judicious and proper exercise of this power
, under the Constitution, to find it fully sustained
| and justified by that venerated patriot who never
; failed, whether in the Cabinet or the field, to stand
, by the Constitution. The prosperity and advance-
1 ment of his country in all her varied interests, and
, especially in the extension of her commercial inter-
ests by the improvement of the great natural ave-
nues and depots of her commerce, were objects
which lay near his heart. He repeatedly, in his
messages to Congress, declared himself the friend
of those internal improvements which weie na-
tional in their character and designed to advance
: the great interests of general commerce. And as
| a permanent proof of his sincere devotion to these
] interests, he placed his approval upon record to
j acts of Congress appropriating more money for
, these objects than the aggregate of all which has
i been sanctioned by every other Administration,
; from the adoption of our Constitution to the ores-
ent time. A
; Sir, it needed the vigorous mind, the determined
I will, and theinflexible purpose of such a man at
