1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Cries of "Leave!" "Leave!" "Goon!" "Go
on !"1
Mr. CHANDLER. I will be well content to
occupy this place, but I object to the hyperborean
winds that blow in upon my back, and I ask some
remedy for that. I do not like this attack in the
rear. I beseech the House, therefore, to allow
me the privilege of presenting resolutions which
look towards a remedy. We are, day by day,
attempting to pass laws b ere for patting money into
this man's and that man's pocket, to the comfort
and convenience of the people; but salts populi
suprema est lex—the great law of -the land is
the health and comfort of the legislators. [Laugh-
ter.] I hope, therefore, that it will be heard, and
approved, and passed.
[Cries—"I object!" "I object!"]
Mr. CHANDLER. It seems to be an interior
gentleman who objects. Is the first resolution
objected to?"
[Cries—"No!" "No !"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Read the first
resolution.
The first resolution was then read as above.
Mr. SCURRY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, what he means by the
comfort of the members ? I do not understand it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I submit to the
Chair, whether it is not a question of privilege?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a question of privi-
lege entirely, whether the House vote it down or
not.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, It was decided
by the Speaker of the last Congress, that the elec-
tion of a Doorkeeper, which touched the organiza-
tion of the House, was a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. That is very true; but the
election of Doorkeeper is provided for by the rules
of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. A proposition touching the
health and comfort of the members is a privileged
question, and, of course, overrides all others.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. SCURRY. I have no doubt there are
many here—Whigs and Democrats—who would
be desirous of getting friends to administer to their
comfort; but I would like to know what comfort
they would provide.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let me have only a word
upon the second resolution.
Objection was made.
Mr. C. then withdrew the resolution.
The question was then taken on the first reso-
lution, and it was adopted.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania, presented a
petition of citizens of Carbondale, Pennsylvania,
praying Congress to make suitable provision for
the eraction of a line of telegraphs from Port In-
dependence to some eligible point on the Pacific
coast; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. .TONES, of New York, presented the peti-
tion of the supervisors and others of the towns in
tlie county of Onondaga, New York, asking that
bounty land may be granted to the officers, musi-
cians, and privates of the twenty-seventh brigade
of New York militia, who were ordered into the
service October 95, 1814, and discharged on the
27th November, at Sackett's Harbor, one hundred
miles from home; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, with instructions to in-
quire and report by bill or otherwise upon grant-
ing bounty lands to the persons serving in the
brigade mentioned in the petition, and to all who
rendered service under similar circumstances.
Mr. HASCALL gave notice that he will, to-
morrow, or at some subsequent time, ask leave to
introduce a bill to be entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled ' An act to reduce and modify the
' rates of postage in the United States, and for
1 other purposes,' " approved March 3, 1851.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, presented the peti-
tion of Samuel Adams and others, with an ac-
companying paper of Castme Hancock to himself,
praying for the erection of a light-house on the
island 6f Au-Haute, in Penobscot bay; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Hiram R. Nason, and other
citizens of Crawford, Washington county, Maine,
praying for the establishment of a post road
through said town; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PENNIMAN submitted joint resolutions
of the Legislators of Michigan, relative to moneys
advanced by said State to the United States, and
for t^ amount paid by the State for expenses in-
curred while a Territory in maintaining the terri-
torial boundary; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. BISSELL asked leave to introduce a bill
making a grant of public lands to the several
States of the Union, for the benefit of the indigent
insane.
Objection being made, leave was not granted.
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
authorizing the Postmaster General to legalize cer-
tain contracts for the transportation of the mail in
California and Oregon; which was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. 0. said; As I intend to ask the House to
put the resolution upon its passage, I will say a
few words in explanation. It will be recol-
lected by the members of the last House that this
bill passed the Senate, and was lost in this body,
at the moment of the adjournment, under a. call
for the previous question and the yeas and nays.
It authorized the Postmaster General to make pro-
posals for carrying the mail in California and Ore-
gon, the contracts to be opened and acted up®n at
San Francisco. Objection was then made, in con-
sequence of the beli'ef of some members that it
would establish a sub-department of the Post Office
in California. The Postmaster General, acting
upon the supposition that the law would pass, had
the advertisements made in California and Oregon,
and ordered the contracts to be opened m San
Francisco; but the bill having failed in this House
there was not time for readvertisement. The pro-
posals consequently were opened at San Francisco,
and adopted, with the reservation indorsed upon
the contracts that they could be abrogated by the
Department at any time it saw proper. The Post-
master General states m his report, that these con-
tracts have been made upon advantageous terms—
much lower than those made previously. He does
not ask that there shall beasub-department there,
but merely that these contracts thus entered into
shall be legalized and continued until 1854, the
same period as other contracts in the Northwest-
ern and Southwestern division of themail contracts
for the United States are to exist. The resolution
does away with all the objections urged before the
last House, and the legalization of these contracts
saves the necessity of readvertisement and re-
letting.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time.
Subsequently, having been engrossed, it was
read the third time and passed.
Mr. OLDS moved that the vote by which the
resolution was passed be reconsidered, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN, from the Joint Committee on
Printing, reported a resolution providing for the
printing of one hundred copies of the Journal and
documents of the House of Representatives in ad-
dition to the number now printed, to be deposited
with the Secretary of State for distribution accord-
ing to law.
Mr. G. said he would make simply this re-
mark, that the Secretary of State addressed a letter
to the Clerk of this House, informing hiin that the
usual number of copies was insufficient, and would
not supply the officers of our four Territories with
the public documents.
The joint resolution was then read a first and
second time, and ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and -subsequently, having been en-
grossed, was read a third time and passed.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the unfinished business of yesterday;
which was the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Aiken,] providing
bounty land to certain volunteers in the Florida
war. The question immediately pending was upon
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. ORR rose to a privileged question. He
moved that when this House adjourns to-day, it
adjourn to meet on Monday next; which motion
was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved that
the House do now adjourn; which motion was
rejected.
Mr. WALSH moved that tie. rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the pursose of taking up and considering the
resolution relating to the workmen upon the .Cap-
itol, Und-upon that motion called for the ye&sand
nays; which call was subsequently withdrawn,
and the motion rejected.
Mr. SMART moved that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were called for, but not or-
dered. - '
[A message was received from the Senate, in-
forming the House that that body had passed the
bill entitled " An act to provide compensation to
' such persons as may be designated by the Secre-
' tary of the Treasury to receive and keep the pub-
' lie moneys, under the 15th section of the a.ct of
1 6th May, 1846, under the additional security re-
' quired by said act;" also, " An act for the relief
of Margaret L. Worth."]
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, requested to
be permitted to suggest to the mover tojwithdraw
his motion for adjournment until the President's
message was referred. There were important
matters in that document to be referred to com 
mittees of the House.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and agr'eed to—ayes 88, noes 74.
The House then adjourned until Monday.
NOTICES OP DnuLS.
By Mr. FAtJLKNEK: A hill to provide for the settle-
mentof claims against the United States.
By Mr. I'OJITElt: A bill to relinquish to the State of-
j Missouri the two per cent, ot the not proceeds of The pub-
lic lands sold m said State since the 6th day of Maich,
1820, and which have been heretofore withheld from said
State.
AUo, a bill to grant to the State of Missouri the right of
way and a portion of the public lands, to aid m the con-
st! uction of a railroad fiom the citv of St. Charles, un the
Missouri river, to the northern limits of said Ktate.
By Mr. MILLER: An act entitled An act making an
appropriation for the improvement of the Mi&soun river.
By Mr. MILLSON : A bill making further piovision for
the satisfaction of Virginia military land warrants.
PETITIONS, See.
The following; petition?, memorials, &c.,.were presented
under the rale, and referred to the appropriate committees i
By Mr. FAULKNER : The petition of Isaac Fouke. ad-
ministrator of Eli II. Carroll, of Harper's Ferry, Virginia,
praying relief on account of loss sustained *>y the purchase
of a building at said place.
Also, the petition of the heirs of James Greer, deceased,
! praying compensation for the use of a patent machine for
j bonng gnn-bairelsatthe national armory at Harper's Ferry.
Also, the petition of Thomas llu^ell, a disabled mechanic
j at the National Arinoiy at Harper's Ferry, praying to be
! placed on the pension roll.
; By Mr. DAWSON : The petition of Edmund Rhie, of
i the sccond regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers in Mexico,
praying for bounty land.
Also, the petition of John 11. Fdie, heir of John Edie,
praying foi commutation pay and interest
By Mr A PPLETON, of Massachusetts: The petition of
t he Boston Matine Society, for restoration .of the light on
tlic Mmot Ledge, in Massachusetts bay.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 19, 1851.
Prayer by the Chaplain, R,ev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. HUNTER presented the credentials of the
Hon. Johm I. McRae, appointed a Senator by the
Governor of the State of Mississippi, to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the resignation of the Hon.
Jefferson Davis; which was read; and the oath
prescribed by law having; been administered to
Mr. McRae, he took his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Thomas
J. Page, praying compensation for services ren-
dered as purser on board the brig Dolphin, in the
years 1849 and 1851; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of D. S. Ed-
wards, Richard McSherry, and Ehsha R. Kane,
medical officers in the Navy, prayins: to be placed
en the same footing as to pay and allowance with
the medical officers of the Army, during the time
they served on shore with the army in Mexioo;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, a memorial of the assistant marshals for
taking the Seventh Census in 'King's county, New
York, praying additional compensation for their
services; which was referred to th« Committee o 
the Judiciary.
