1852.
THE CONGRESSIQN
the head of our Government to establish, sustain,
and guide this policy. It needed his strong arm,
at the same time, to protect it against the attacks
of its enemies, and to save it from the excesses of
its friends. The nations of antiquity were accus-
tomed to erect statues commemorative of the vir-
tues and achievements of their heroes and states-
men. We, at an humble distance, follow their
example, and the gratitude of this Republic will
soon be evinced by an equestrian statue to be
erected in this capital in honor of the hero of
New Orleans.
But, sir, permit me to say, that while the work
of the artist shall transmit to posterity the victo-
rious General in the attitude of triumph, there is
another work, not iess permanent, and equally
grand and imposing—the Delaware breakwater, a
structure which owes its existence chiefly to the
wisdom, firmness, and expanded national feeling
of Andrew Jackson. And the tempest-tossed
manners through future years who shall take ref-
uge behind us surge-beaten walls, will ever be
reminded of him, the great hero and statesman,
whose policy it commemorates, and whose dis-
tinctive character it indicates in its silent but
impressive majesty. There it stands, and there
we hope it ever will stand, as he, its great founder,
stood, when in the zenith of his power, firm and
immovable, amid the jarring elements of political
factions.
Sir, in this review of the policy of our Govern-
ment on this subject, I shall not omit to notice the
veto message of President Polk on the river and
harbor bill of 1846. That message presents, in a
very able manner, the opinions of that distm
guished statesman, whose administration fills one
of the brightest pages of his country's history.
Those opinions had been long before formed, ex-
pressed, and acted upon by him, from the very
commencement of his public hie in the councils of
the nation. They are entitled, as are all the pro-
ductions .which emanated from the pen of that able
man, to our most respectful consideration. But
when we reflect upon the circumstances which
called forth that veto—the preconceived opinions
of the President; hishithertoconsistentopposition
to such measures as he was there called upon of-
ficially to prove; an empty Treasury; the press-
ing exigencies of the Mexican war; the vast
amount of debt already incurred in its prosecu-
tion; the prospect of a still further and larger in-
crease of this debt; and the greatuncertainty which
then hung over the issue of the contest,—wecannot
fail to see that, aside from any views of prece-
dents and clearly-settled previous policy, there
were other reasons, abundant and sufficient to jus-
tify the course adopted by the Executive. Indeed,
he sets forth, as one of the prominent reasons jus-
tifying the withholding of his approval of that bill,
the situation of our Treasury, and the embarrass-
ments created by the war with Mexico. I trust
that single exception, occurring under such cir-
cumstances, will not be allowed by the American
people to have unsettled and overturned the well-
established policy of the countiy, for near half a
century, on the subject of these improvements.
I cannot dismiss this review of the constitu-
tional power in question, without referring to opin-
ions expressed by two distinguished statesmen of
different sections of the country, and each, during
his public career, wielding a political influence
more potent than the highest official station could
give. I refer to John C. Calhoun and Silas Wright.
Mr. Calhoun, in the report to which I have
already referred, after pursuing at some length a
course of the most luminous and forcible argu-
mentation, arrives at the following general con-
clusions. After citing the provisions of the Con-
stitution and the subsequent acts of Congress, he
says:
"These provisions furnish conclusive proof that the
States, under the power to regulate commerce, established
light-house5?, buoys, beacons, am} public piei«; that Con
retarded the power as delegated to it, to the same
extent; that the object of the power was the increased fa-
cility and safety of commerce along the coast; that it apper-
tained cs-peeially to the regulation of commerce among the
States,'tis the portion of the ocean in its vicinity is the sreat
common highway ofilie commerce of the States bordering
on it; and that n embiaced navigation its well as trade."
Again he adds:
"Having now shown that the power to regulate com-
merce, fairly construed, embraces the establishment of light-
houses, hnoys, beacon?, and public pier®, for the increased
safety and facility of the commerce of the Atlantic coast,
your committee will next proceed to consider the question,
LOBE.
190ft
whether it may not be constitutionally applied to increase
the safety and facility ot the Mississippi ami its wateis
After pursuing at some length the line of his
argument, he concludes thus:
" Having now shown that the power to regulate commerce
among the States is as applicable to the commerce of the
Mississippi as it is to that of the Atlantic coast, and that
the removal of the obstructions which ttudangei or impede
its navigation is as fully embraced by it, as the establish-
ment ot light-houses, buoys, beacons, and public piers',
your committee are also ot the opinion that it extends to
the removal of like obstructions m its great navigable trib-
utaries, including such as have three oi moie States bound-
ing on their navigable waters." i
Thus the whole power claimed by the friends of
these measures is conceded by this eminent states- j
man, oftheschool too of the strictest construction. 1
For the slight exception he makes of such rivers !
as run between two States only, or are confined 1
to a single State, stands upon a construction most .
clearly erroneous and inconsistent with the un- j
qualified grant of the power itself. \
Sir, Silas Wright, the clear and logical reasoner,
the pure-minded legislator, the greatest of our !
northern statesmen, in his letter to the Chicago 1
Convention written in May, 1847, after reviewing i
the constitutional question and the many embar- i
rassments which attend the exercise of this power, j
admits its existence in reference to such improve- i
ments as are of a general or national character. !
Having expressed these views in relation to the i
constitutional question, I shall now address my- ;
self for a few minutes to one or two considerations
which have been urged against this bill." The ;
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] the j
other day complained of the manner in which 1
these appropriations were proposed to be applied j
to the western rivers. He urged that the sum of j
$260,000 named for them all should have been I
divided and distributed by the bill to the several ob- i
jects to which it was to be applied. I will say to !
the committee in reference to that point, that the |
manner of appropriation adopted in the bill was i
introduced as a matter of economy, and under the j
advice of and after full consultation with the Top- i
ographieal Bureau. Former appropriations have i
been made to individual works. The custom has j
been to open an account with each work separate- 1
ly, and in every case to procure for each of these i
works upon the western waters a separate and !
distinct company of mento operate, and a distinct j
equipment of boats and machinery necessary to ;
carry on the operations. It has, however, been j
found, by experience, more economical for the j
Government to haveageneral appropriation, which :
would enable them to purchase one set of boats j
and implements in number and equipment sufSci- nt j
for the work on all the rivers, and to operate upon 1
them as the exigencies of the case might seem to j
require. Thus, the Topographical Bureau, under i
whose direction the whole force operating on these ,
waters will be placed, can adapt their movements '
to the stale of the water and other circumstances
as may best subserve the interests of the Govern-
ment. The gentleman has also alluded to what
he has been pleased to denominate the apparent
inequality of these appropriations between the
different sections of the country. I hope gentle-
men have examined this subject for themselves,
and if they have, they will see that thei-e is no
such inequality existing. None surely was in-
tended. 1 find, upon looking over these appropri-
ations, that for the Atlantic coast there is an
amount of §530,000; for the northern lakes,
§492,000; and for the western rivers and harbors, i
$458,000. Such a distribution, if tested by the !
only proper criterion by which appropriations of ,
a national chaiacter should be tried, the actual
wants for the operations of the next fiscal year, is i
eminently just and proper. I will say further, m j
regard to the western rivers, that in no case have i
we reduced the estimates sent to us from the De- !
partmentfor these rivers, but we have given them |
in every instance the full amount asked for by the j
Government. We have gone further: we have i
added to the appropriations for the western rivers !
$125,000., which the Government did not ask for, j
and for which they sent us no estimates until we i
called for them. We have recommended a larsce !
amount required for opening the mouth of the '
Mississippi, for the benefit of the great trade not j
only of Hew Orleans but of the upper countrv.
I differ with the gentleman from Kentucky ['Mr. !
Marshall] in his view of the character of this j
appropriation. The appropriation for the mouth i
of the Mississippi is as advantageous to the !
Upper Mississippi, the Ohio, or the Missouri, as if
it was given to these rivers specifically. No ap-
propriation is more needed than that which opens
the mouth of the Mississippi, giving access to the
foreign trade, and an outlet for the whole internal
trade of the great valley. At the present time the
mouth of the Mississippi is so clogged as'almost
to prevent navigation. I will say to the commit-
tee that there is not in this bill a single case which
appeals more strongly to the House for the exer-
cise of the constitutional power to improve rivers
than this very appropriation. So deeply has it
been felt by the people in that quarter, that they
have come here in large numbers, representing the
mercantile and shipping interestof the city of New
Orleans, and they have laid before us statistical
information, showing the most alarming extent
and injury of these obstructions. The Senate,
upon this representation, without waiting for the
usual forms of business, passed a bill appropri-
ating this sum of §75,000, and sent it to us asking
our concurrence m the measure. The committee,
however, have placed it m this bill, deeming it just
to the pressing wants of other parts of the country
that this appropriation should abide the action of
the House upon this general subject—for there are
other points suffering for immediate appropria-
tions, I might name the city of Boston, where
the main channel to its harbor has been for Several
years back filling up by the abrasion of the island
lying near it, which is not only blocking up that
channel, but threatens serious injury to the whole
commerce of that port. Indeed,this will demand
our action immediately in a military point of view
if in no other.
In the last Congress an appropriation was made
of $15,000 for the purpose of protecting Great
Brewster island. If that island is washed away,
(and it is now rapidly going,) it wili fill up the
only good channel which gives access to the large
shipping of Boston, and will demive the harbor
of that city of the protection of the forts and bat-
teries we have erected there to defend the com-
merce of that great commercial emporium of the
North. There are numerous cases of this char-
acter demanding the immediate action of Congress.
There is a case in the State of North Carolina
where this Government has constructed a fort on
the Cape Fear river, and established piers. Sub-
sequently the falling down of the walls, and the
abrasion banks upon which they stood, have ma-
terially obstructed the navigation of that very valu-
able river—a river in which the great bulk of the
commerce of that enterprising State is now,find-
ing its way to the ocean. There has been a com-
mittee here representing that interest and urging
immediate action upon the part of this House.
We desire that all parts of the country should be-
fairly heard, and dealt fairly with.
Allusion was made by the honorable gentleman,
from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] who is not
now in his seat, to the character of the bill in ref-
erence to the location of the appropriations, and
that the committee had acted most unfairly and
unjustly.
He estimated that the planting States had not
been fairly dealt by in making these appropriations.
Sir, those States he mainly on the Atlantic sea-
board, and if you will look ctt what we have given!
them on the sea-board, you will find that it amounts
to $433,000, and if you add to that their propor-
tion of interest in what has been given to the great
rivers of the West, it makes the sum of $563,000
that is given to the planting States. Sir, no injus-
tice of this kind was designed, and none has hap-
pened through any mistake or negligence of the
committee. I am satisfied that this committee, on
examining the details of this bill, will see that
it does ample justice to every part of this coun-
tiy.
Sir, an allusion has been made to my own State—
a State which has a vast commercial interest, and
a large extent of lake coast and of river navigation
as well as considerable sea-coast. Now, instead
of the appropriations for that State being increased
as western and southern appropriations have
been, this bill contains upwards of $20,000 less
than the estimates sent to us by the Department
for the State of New York. We have also been re-
ferred to the important work recommended here
for the Delaware river, and though if did not fall
within the constitutional ground which we had
prescribed for ourselves, yet this and- some other
improvements on that river stand upon different
