1904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28.
ground from any other. These piers and some
others in the Delaware river were long since ceded
to the Government upon the implied understand-
ing and agreement that the Government would
keep them in repair. Among these works were
the piers at Port Penn. They lie on the east side
of Reedy Island, and greatly need repairs.
The Department, however, believed that a bet-
ter work could be made on the other side of Reedy
Island, and that, too, for a small increase of ex-
penditure; and we recommend that object as one
of great importance to the vast commerce of the
city of Philadelphia.
But, sir, seeing that my time is nearly out, let
me say, in conclusion, that I regretted the intro-
duction of the substitute proposed by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] which
is the old bill of last session. I warn gentlemen
•who are friends of judicious and proper appropri-
ations of this character against adopting such a
bill as that. Gentlemen who were in the last
Congress know the character of that bill. The
committee had it before them. They went into
an examination of its contents, and they found
that a large number of appropriations were put in
that bill without any estimates whatever from the
proper Department, without any surveys, so that
when you commenced the work you never could
know where it would end, or what would be its
utility. I will mention one item in the bill which
struck the Topographical Bureau as most extraor-
dinary. It was an appropriation of $20,GOO to con-
struct a breakwater at Nantucket, for which there
had been no survey or estimate; and when the at-
tention of the Bureau was called to the subject,
they found that you might as well construct a
breakwater on the broad expanse of the Atlantic
as to put it there; and its ultimate expense, instead
of being computed by thousands, would absorb
millions of dollars. *There are other appropri-
ations in that bill of a similar kind, and so numer-
ous are they, and so ill-digested, and of such
doubtful utility, that I warn the friends of this bill
against the adoption of it. There are many votes
in this House which will be given for this bill
that, under no circumstances consistently with
good policy and with the principles which we
have adopted for our guidance on this great na-
tional subject, can be given for the bill introduced
by the gentleman from North Carolina.
Let me say here, that I am far from claiming
for this bill anything likeperfectability. I stated,
in opening this discussion the other day, that the
committee labored under great embanassment in
forming this bill, and I stated the reason, of those
embarrassments. I wish now to say to gentle-
men on all sides that this bill is the result of great
deliberation on the part of your committee, and
has arisen out of concessions and compromises of
opinion, differing as we did with regard to the
extent to which we should proceed in this matter;
and I hope for that reason, if for no other, the
House will be very reluctant to admit any addi-
tions to it. This bill has arisen from a concession
of the various grounds and opinions of the mem-
bers of the committee—all believing that thegreat
interests of the country on this subject were no
longer to be neglected by Congress; that it rose
above all party considerations and demanded im-
periously at the hands of Congress such action
under the Constitution as shall protect, os far as
practicable, by these improvements, the immense
interests of our national commerce.
Mr. DISXEY. I shall make one more attempt
to appeal to the good sense of the House,, and I
therefore move that this committee rise. My ob-
ject is to extend the time allowed for debate on
this bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to the
gentleman from Ohio thi't he cannot effect his
object in the House ai:y more than in the com-
mittee. A motion was made to reconsider the
vote by wl-ich the resolution closing this debate
was agreed to, and that motion was laid on the
table. The gentleman can therefore only get m a
resolution to extend the time allowed, by unani-
mous consent.
The CHAIRMAN, So the Chair has stated.
Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman from Tennes-
see is entirely mistaken.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to rise is not
debatable.
The question was then taken on Mr. Disney's
motion, and it was not agreed to.
And the committee proceeded to consider the
bill by clauses.
Mr. STANLY. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Chair relative to the order of proceeding, for
it has been differently decided by different presid-
ing officers. I ask when, in the opinion of the
Chair, the vote on the substitute, which I offered
a day or two siftce, can properly come up?
The CHAIRMAN. After the committeehave
perfected the original bill and the substitute.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, moved to strike
out the first clause of the bill, which is as follows:
" That the following sums of money be, and the same
are hereby appropriated to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and to be expended
under the superintendence of the Secretary of War, for the
following purposes;"
and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the consent of Congress is hereby given to each of
the States hereinafter named, to levy a tonnage duty upon
the commerce within their respective jurisdictions for the
purpose of raising and collecting the several sums of money
hereinafter'•pecifiedj which said sums when so collectcd
shall be appropriated to the works and uses hereinafter des-
ignated.
Mr. J. said: It has long been a cardinal principle
of the Republican party of this country that this
Congress and this Government should not exer-
cise and assume doubtful powers. The exercise
of the power of this body to pass this bill is one
of a contested character, but the Constitution is
clear and unequivocal, that Congress may give its
consent to the States to lay tonnage duties. There
is no doubt of that. Every person concurs in the
power of Congress to give its consent to that, but
there is a vast variety of opinion as it respects the
power of Congress to appropriate directly from
the Treasury, money for the purposes of internal
improvement. If we adopt this amendment, we
avoid that difficulty; we shall stand by the car-
dinal principles of the Republican party.
This amendment, sir, is in conformity also with
the views of Mr. Polk in his veto message. It is
in conformity with the practice and usage of the
Government, and if adopted it will check extrava-
gance; each locality and each State will know best
what improvements can be made, how they are to
be made, and how they will best answer the pur-
poses for which they are designed. Now, the
contest is not how the improvements can be best
effected, but what section shall receive the largest
amount of money. But the amendment will have
another effect; it will put the tax upon the persons
who are interested in these improvements, and
who receive benefit from them; the tonnage duty
will be upon the owners of the vessels, and they
j will then charge the consumers for the use of the
facilities afforded by these improvements. These
will be the effects of this amendment if it is adopt-
ed. If, however, it be not adopted, and if this
Government takes upon itself a system of im-
provements, it leads to extravagance, puts a tax
on people who ought not to pay it, has a tendency
to form combinations, and to exhaust the Treas-
ury.
Mr. STANLY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, but I shall not occupy my five minutes in
discussing it. I shall be obliged to the gentleman
from Georgia if he will tell me what he means by
the Republican party.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will answerthe gentleman.
The Republican party consists of those who con-
tend that this Government has no powers but
; those clearly granted in the Constitution, and such
as are incidental to and necessary to carry out the
granted powers.,
Mr. STANLY. That is, the sensible men of
both parties.
Mr. JOHNSON. In the party to which I re-
cently belonged there is as much latitudinous con-
struction as in any other.
Mr. STANLY. The party to which yoa re-
cently belonged. What party does the gentleman
belong to now ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I now belong to the inde-
pendent order of outsiders. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Johnson's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. Is it in order to move to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill ?
' The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
i The enacting clause is the la3t thing to be consid-
ered. The gentleman can move to strike out the
first appropriation if he chooses.
Mr. MILLSON. I move, then, to strike out the
first clause in the bill, which is as follows:
•«For tlie construction of the Delaware breakwater,
$30,000."
I have not the vanity to suppose that I can shed
any new light upon a subject which has engaged
for so many years the attention of our wisest
statesmen. If I could, it would, perhaps, be idle
to attempt it. From the indications already given,
I doubt if the most conclusive reasoning that the
subject is susceptible of, could defeat the passage
of this bill. I cannot even permit myself to hope
that it is to be the last of its kind. It has already
been decided to rank among the general appropri-
ation bills, and our rules may soon require such a
bill to be annually reported, with the bills for the
support of Government, within the first thirty
days of the session.
Gentlemen on this side of the House insist that
there is nothing in this measure at war with the
doctrines of the Democratic party. About that,
sir, I have nothing to say now. I will not assume
to speak ex cathedra as to what may constitute
Democracy. Nor do I mean to charge that this
bill violates the Constitution of the United States.
Whatever may be my own convictions upon the
subject, to insist that I am certainly right and other
gentlemen unquestionably wrong, may not be al-
together becoming. When, however, the gentle-
men from Illinois, [Messrs. Campbell and Mo-
losy,] the honorable chairman, [Mr. Seymour,]
and others who have spoken in this debate, attempt
to show that these appropriations for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors, have been the settled
policy of the Government from its earliest estab-
lishment, I take issue with them; and I refer them
to the declaration of Mr. Polk, in his admirable
veto message, that the power was not only never
exercised, but was never even claimed for more
than thirty years after the organization of the Gov-
ernment.
Sir, I have not thought it proper, in addressing
statesmen, to urge them to oppose a particular
policy because Mr. Jefferson or Mr. Madison be-
lieved it to be unconstitutional. We are not now
before a court of justice arguing cases upon pre-
cedents and authorities. Independent reasons
ought to be addressed to the understandings of
gentlemen; and that method of discussion which
seek3 to maintain a favorite theory by citations of
illustrious names, is not more complimentary to
the hearer than it is apt to be convincing. The
Constitution did not exhaust itself in its appeals
to the past generation. It speaks to us as it did
to them, and it is safer to rely upon the text than
upon the commentary.
But, sir, when the authority of Mr. Jefferson is
invoked by the friends of this bill, it is allowable
to show that they have utterly misconceived his
opinions. Gentlemen insist that their views are
sanctioned by this great republican statesman, and
they lay much stress upon his approval of the bill
making appropriations for light-houses, and for
building piers in the Delaware river. This bill
was passed in April, 1802, and it cautiously pro-
vided for a cession by the States to the Ijnited
States of the land on which not only the light-
houses, but the piers were to be bmlt. It is upon
this slender foundation that gentlemen rest their
argument that Mr. Jefferson acknowledged the
power of Congress to expend millions of d.-"ars
in this system of internal improvement, pro.secited
in utter contempt of the State jurisdiction. Cut I
now propose to read a letter of Mr. Jefferson to
Albert Gallatin, written in October, 1802, nut only
upon the general subject which gentlemen have
been discussing, but m reference to this very ap-
propriation for piers in,the Delaware river. As I
presume they have never seen this letter, I invite
their particular attention to it. They will find
that Mr. Jefferson utterly condemns the system
of which they are the advocates, and that the only
ground on which he conceived the appropuation
could be considered constitutional was that the
piers might be necessary for the protection of our
ships-of-war. Here is the letter:
"You know my doubts, or rather convictions, about the
unconstitutionality of the act for hnilding pier*; m the Dela-
ware, and the fears that it wii! lead to a bottomless expense
and to the greate.-t abuse?. [How prophetic!] There is'
however, one intention of which the act is susceptible, and
which will bring it withli the Constitution ; and we ought
always to presume ttiat the real intention which is alone
consistent with the Constitution. Although the power 'to
regulate commerce does not give a power to build piers,
wharves, open ports, clear the beds ot riveis, dig canala
build warehouses, bund manufacturing machines set un
manufactories, cultivate the earth, to all of which the
