104 2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
missioner of Indian Affairs, (Mr. Harris.) But
there is some additional testimony 1 propose to
read, showing the understanding1 of the Secretary
of War, (Mr. Poinsett.) All of this, I think, goes
conclusively to show what construction was put
upon the engagement made by General Jesup with
the Creek warriors. The Creeks understood this
contract in the same light in which General Jesup ;
says he understood it—in which Mr. Harris un-1
derstood it, in which the Secretary of War under-
stood it. After all this, can there be any doubt,
notwithstanding the objections raised and ex-
pressed by gentlemen opposed to this bill? It seems
to me that it would be exceedingly unreasonable for
us to shut our eyes against all these expositions of:
the true import of that contract, as to the power I
of General Jesup. We know m what light the,
Indians have always been regarded by this Gov-
ernment. We exercise a supervisory and parental .
control over them, but, in a great many respects, |
we regard and treat them as independent nations.
They aie quasi nations, and in that light we make 1
treaty stipulations with them. We make conven- '
tions and arrangements with them through the j
Executive branch of the Government. That is ,
very frequently done. Flow was it here? We
were engaged in a war with the Semmolesin Flor- j
ida. There was another tribe of Indians who were '
friendly to the United States. They were willing, .
by the inducements held out by General Jesup, to j
engage as his allies m that war. They did en- !
gage as allies, and receded pay. In addition to ;
that, they were to have all the property they cap- 1
tured, slaves as well as other property. Now, it
may be said that this arrangement was never sub-
mitted to the Senate. But it has received the 1
sanction of the Government subsequently—of ■
every branch of the Government. Whether there
was doubt or not, as to the authority of General
Jesup to enter into this arrangement with the Creek
wamors, there can be no sort of doubt that, in
pursuance of niuJi anangement, the slaves m ques-
tion weie captured by the Creek warriois, who '
claimed them as their property.
Well, sir, what was to be done with them ? ;
Hostilities were going on. They were taken into
the custody of the United States by authority of1
the United States olficers, and they were held
in the custody of the United States for the use and !
benefit of the Creek warriors. That is plainly to i
be seen in the whole correspondence in relation to .
this matter, as I showed on a foimer occasion.
General Jesup entered into negotiations with the
Creek waruors, who were entitled to the slaves, ^
to purchase their interest in them, with a view of
sending them to Africa; and he actually ordered 1
Lieutenant Searle to pay the Creeks $8,000 for
their inteiest in the slaves. When that sum of >
money was tendered to the Creek warriors, they |
refused to accept it; they wanted moie. The ar- i
rangement, therefore, whs not consummated, and
the slaves were still held in the custody of the 1
Government for the use and benefit of the Creek
wamors. Well, sir, what takes place next? A
delegation of the Indians proceeded to Wash-
ington, m company with [ndian agent Arm-
strong, for the purpose of making some airange-
ment in regard to these slaves. They came lies e
and demanded the delivery of (he slaves then held
in fhe possession of the (Tutted Stares, for tlitir
use and benefit. The Government of the United
States was then engaged in the work of renuu ing,
not only the Seminoles, hut the Creeks aUo, west
of Arkansas, and they were sensible of the con-
sequences winch would result if the negroes were
removed to the territory to which those tribes were
to be transferred. If they had been sent there as
the property of the Creeks, the Seminoles would,
no doubt, have claimed them. If they had been
permitted to £o theie as the property of the Sem-
moles, the Creeks would have been dissatisfied,
and would have claimed them, and a deadly war
would,m all probability, have ensued. This,"then,
was the position in which the Government was
placed; and, if Judge Iverson is to be believed—
and no one who knows him ^an doubt ins state-
ment—while the Government was thus perplexed,
from motives of humanity, and seeking some
means whereby such direful consequences to the
two tribes might be avoided, a proposition was
made to General Watson, on the part of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, to buy out the ri^ht
of the Creek warriors, the Executive Department
of the Government informing him in advance that
the negroes were in the custody of the Govern-
ment, and that they should be delivered to any •
person that the Creek warriors would authorize to 1
receive them. After this was fully understood, ;
after the price was agreed upon between Watson 1
and the Creek wamors, under the advice of the I
Indian agent, he procured the money, and paid it !
to the Indian agent, Armstrong, and a bill of sale
was made to Watson; and a power of attorney |
given by the Creek warriors to a man by the name j
of Collins, authorizing him to go to Fort Pike,
and to demand the slaves of the officers who had l
custody of them; and orders were issued from the ;
War Department to deliver them up. '
Collins proceeded to Fort Pike and demanded !
the negroes. But before he got there,and indeed,
it would seem from the different dispatches, just
about the time that the Creek warriors arrived m 1
Washington, the Seminoles reached Foit Pike on 1
their way to the West. They were there brought
m contact with these slaves previously captured .
from them and sent there. Being thus brought
together theSemmoles manifested great unwilling- 1
ness to go west unless their former slaves were per- i
mitted to accompany them. Lieutenant Reynolds, j
who was charged with the transportation, was j
unable to detach the slaves from their former |
owners and effect a delivery, to use persuasive j
means, which alone he felt authorized to use. 1
Hoping that he might find an opportunity of de-
livering the slaves at or before he reached Fort 1
Gibson,Mr. Collins accompanied LieutenantRey- 1
j nolds and the emigrating party to Natchez, and i
there ineffectual efforts were made to deliver the ;
negroes without the application of force. Not !
succeeding in obtaining them there he proceeded !
to Fort Gibson. First, however, at Little Rock
an application was made to the Governor of Ai-
kansas for aid in effecting a delivery of the slaves,
but the Indians manifested so much excitement
when they saw that there was some disposition to
wrest their slaves from them that the Governor
refused to afford any aid, and directed those
having the Indians and slaves in charge to remove
them as soon as possible. At Fort Gibson an ap-
peal was made to General Arbuckle, and he was
requested to deliver the slaves to Collins. He saw
that there was no prospect of doing it without the
application of force, and as he did not feel author-
ized to resort to force, he declined and permitted
the Seminoles to retain possession of the slaves.
! These are the material facts of the case. The
| money which was paid by Watson was taken to
j the Creek nation and divided among the Indians.
The affidavit of Colonel Armstrong shows that
i the money was received and divided, it is as fol-
j lows:
I District of Columbia, Washington County:
j PerNOiiiillj- appeared holme mo, Willi,un Armstrong, who
[ being swom,?atth tltat he now is. ami u;is mthe yeai 183^,
j supeimtendent of the Western Indians, and vv:i< .it Wa<-h-
! imjion city in the spring of lfc?38, in company with a dc!o-
j cation ot Cicek duels, who implemented and acted as the
J agents or attorneys ol the Cieek waiuois who reived m
. Florida ut-det (Joneral Je«<tip, and who planned a number
| ot neszio slaves whom they had captured m Flonda from
! the Heniinole Indians, under and hyvntneot an arraime-
l ment or contiact made with Ceneiul Je-up. That said de-
j legation of chiefs acted undet a p<>\\ er ol attoi noy ft <nn the
' said Cioek watuois. and had ample and full aiitlionty to
I ask for, demand, lecciw, and di-pose o; s.aid negtoes, who
i at that time weie understood to be in the po^o^ion of the
| officer;- of the tinted States, at Foil Pike, neat New Or-
iean-, and had been there loi several months previous
That whilst al Washington in --aid spriny of1P38, deponent,
at tlie instance and on behalf of the said delegation, made
application to the Seeietary of War, to cause sanl negroes
to be delivered to said Indians, or their a< onis,or to be paid
a fair value for them. That it \va< advwed and deeni"d bet-
ter bv the officers of the Department, or at jea^t by the ('om-
misMonei ol' Indian Affairs, thattiie negioes should not be
tianspoitcd to the wen by .-aid Creek-, but that it would
bo moio prudent and pioper to sell or d'-po-e of the r-;inn\
m> that they might remain east of the Mississippi. |n this
opinion, this deponent tully concurred, under the convic-
tion that such population ought not to be increased ainong-t
the Western Indians, and because then presence there was
likely to give n-c to serious difficulties between the Creeks
and Seminole-. Tins depoueui eonciui''d in the advice
given to said delegation to sell said negioes, ami thev were
accordingly sold by said delegation to General James C
Watson, of Columbus. Georgia, who was then at the seat
of <Jo\eriimeut on other biwnesf, at and for the sum of
which was paid m cash, part m this citv, and part
in the city of Philadelphia, which said money was placed
m my hands by said chiefs, for safe-keeping and distribu-
tion amoru^t the wairiors who weie entitled to the came ;
and which was sub-equemh earned by deponent to Aikan-
sas, and prad out to those entitled thereto.at a council held
on the 'Mi of Jnl\ , ltf38. This deponent know* that at the
time of the consummation of said contract, a hill of sal<« foi
said negroes, in number about one hundred and three, was
executed by all of said delegation, to the said Watson,
which was witnessed by deponent and other witnesses.
; Deponent has no doubt that said sale and purchase was fair
1 and bona fide, and tha! it was the most politic disposition
! which could have been made of said negroes, both for the
Indians and the Government of the United States. This*
1 deponent is fully satisfied that said negroes, being now in
, the possession ot the Sensmole Indians west, and having
1 been surrendered to them by the Government officers who
. had charge of Them at the time of said sale, could not now
be obtained or reclaimed by said J. C. Watson, or any
other person, on behalf of said Creeks-, without the aid of
the Government, and the u-e of a military force, and even
then their recovery would be attended with great difficulty
' and expense, and, probably, produce much excitement
' amongst the Indians.
! With a fall knowledge of the facta in the case, this depo-
nent feels it his duty, as an officer of the Government,
and as Ultimately connected with Indmn relations* and
, thoroughly acquainted with ther-e mteie^ts, to express the
opinion that every consideiamm of justice and policv re-
quires that the said J. O. Watson should be remunerated
and paid toi said negroes, the amount which he has ex-
pended m consequence of said sale, and the prosecution of
his claim undent. WM, ARMSTRONG,
! J2ct. Sup. Ind. Jljfairs. West
Sworn to and subscribed before me, this 29th June, 1840:
CLEAIT. T. COOTE,
^ Justice of the Peace.
: P. S. In addition to the foregoing affidavit, the deponent,
1 William Arjnstiong, ftuthcr sweai 3 that lrc knows that the
•^aid claimant, James C. Watson, mcuired large expenses
m the piosecution ot said claim. That as many as three
[ agents, to wit: John H. Watson, of Georgia, Nathaniel F,
1 Collins, and Barrant Dubose, ot Alabama, were all west
: of Arkansas, the two hitter of whom remained some montfis
. m the countiy west, endeavoung to obtain possession of
: said negroes, which was finally lefusod by the officers of
: Government who had them m charge, and the ne^iocs de-
; hveted over to the Beminole Indians West by the said
< officeis. WM. ARMSTRONG,
,| «.9c£. Sap. Ind, Jljjairs, West 
!: Sworn to before me, as above:
;; CfiFi.YIT. T. COOTE,
Justice of the Peace.
\\ Now, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me,from this
l' statement, that those points which have been raised
i' by the gentleman from JNew York, [Mr. Sack-
;j ett,] and by othergentlemen who are opposed to
ii the passage of this bill,do not necessarily arise. I
j | think it is perfectly immaterial to determine wheth-
er the Creek warriors had a valid titleomot. The
; Government was the bailee of the Creeks, for
j: these slaves. They had received them into their
'! custody, for the use and benefit of these Creek
!j warriors. The Creek warriors transferred their
title—perfect or imperfect—to Watson, and hepaid
them tor it. But he was &o cautious and provident
that, before he would purchase, he even obtained
from the bailee—if I may so express myself—who,
upon principles of law, was under obligation tr>
deliver the property to the bailors, without any
previous arrangement or assurance, that the slaves
should be delivered to the Creek warriors, or to
their regularly-authorized agent, when required.
But, sir, the slaves were not delivered to the agent
of the Creeks, when required. Then was theie not a
clear violation of a legal obligation on the part of
the Government, to the prejudice, nay, the luin of
a citizen ? And is not the Government bound,
upon every principle of law and equity, to indem-
nify that citizen, whose rights have been thus vio-
lated ?
Why, sir, it seems to me that there never was
a case of greater injustice than the facts of this
case present. This money, paid by Watson,
inured to the benefit of the "United States. Sup-
pose that the interest of the Creek warriors had
not been purchased by Watson, do you think they
would have rested content, and allowed the slaves
to remain in the possession of theSemmoles? xSro,
sir; if they had not been paid by Watson, or by
the Government, they would have made efforts to
obtain possession.
And now, forsooth, after the Government has
received the benefit of the purchase-money, and
been released from its engagement with the Creek
warriors, we find gentlemen rising here and saying
there is no obligation here to refund the money,
and redress an injury, which the Government itself
has occasioned. It seems to me that law, justice,
and honor, equally require the redress of this
grievous and minous injury.
I said, the othfcr day, when I attempted to reply
to the objections which had been raised to this
bill, that it was hardly necessary to do so. I
think so now. They can all be met and answered,
both in regard to the facts and to the law. If i
deemed it necessary, I would attempt to show that
in all their objections, as well of fact as of law,
the opponents of the bill are mistaken. But I will
not consume the time of the House by going into
that part of the subject.
In regard to facts, I propose to have read some
