1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1807
importance demands. I see no reason why west-
ern-rivers should not be improved, as well as the
northern rivers or northern harbors. It is strange
and extraordinary logic, that'admits the right to'
erect light-hou'ses", piers, and buoys,' to point'out
rocks and breakers to vessels anil denies the right
to remove the rocks that cause the necessity for
them. - - *
[Here the,hammer fell..-}
Mr. WALSH. I believe it-is in order to op-
pose this amendment." 1 have no objection to the
Tennessee river and its improvement; but there
seems to be a wide mistake abroad, particularly
upon the part oCsqme;stentlemen ih this House i/i
regard to the subject of-river, and harbor improve-
ments. The ascertainment of the amount of
money to be appropriated in these cases is almost
as ni^e as arithmetical calculations. We must
know the nature of the obstruction—we must
know whether it is worth while to begin the im-
provements: we must know the season at which
those im n-ovenieiits are to be made; and all this
infotmauon we get from the officers of the proper
Depaiiment. In reply not only to tvhat has'been
said by the gentleman from Tennessee', [.Mr.
Churciiweu.,1 but especially in reply to thegen.-
tleman from Illinois, [MivMolony,] who attempts
to make this a sectional matter,-by arraying: hos-
tile feelings against us,'I will say that the appro-
priations for the Ohio and Mississippi rivers are
within a very small amount of the appropriations
recommended by the appropriate Department.
The items are the same recommended by your
scientific men, as (lie sum of money which ought
to be appropriated within a given time and at par-
ticular seasons. Gentlemen seem anxious, by
going to theTrensury mil dragging out its means
at once, to realize the fable of the golden goose,
whose owner, not satisfied with her laying a
golden egg every day, killed her in the vain' idea
of getting a still'greater increase. The appropria-
tion for theTennessee river was not an appropria-
tion sustained by any estimate at all from the
proper. Department, nor do I understand the gen-
tleman now to say that it was. Tlesavs that there
was a local survey in that State; all I understood
him to say was, thnt. there was a survey under
the authority of the Sta'e of Tennessee.
Mr. HOUSTON. Under the authority of the
Government r,f the United States." The gentleman
misunderstood his statement.
Mr. WALSH. All ( mean to savis this: that
those estimates were never presented to the com-
mittee m my presence—they were never there for
our action. And if theHotise will nowallowme, I
will say that the committee have had no opportu-
nity for their examination.
Mr. HOUSTON. I called the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce myself,
and anothermemher of that committee, to this very
improvement; and upon more occasions than one,
I have solicited them to take up this subject and
incorporate an appropriation for this river in the
bill.
Mr. CHtJRCHWELL. T have the estimates
of the Department now in my hand Tlieyarethe
same which were presented to the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WALSH. 1 am only speaking from my
own personal knowledge. 'Sir, there is nothing
sectional in this lull; and the statement which de-
clares that it is sectional ts.not siis-tained by a sin-
gle fact before the committee. The fact stated hy t
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Seymour,] ]
shows that there has been an equal division .if these j
improvements to different sections oftbe coimtiy. i
The charge is wholly unfounded that this com-
mittee have acted upon any sectional grounds.
We endeavored to promote the interests-of all
sections of the cotuVry. When our attention was
called to this matter of the Rio Grande, it was
suggested that the boundary question was not set-
tled. We knew that, in regard to the harbor ami
river bill of the last year, the hair-splitters of ihe
Sena'e relied upon that very item for the purpose !
of defeating the appropriation. It was in no pre- ,
tense, bur in the very spirit of compromise, and a ;
desire to prevent difficulty, that we did riot em- '
brace that i>em. ' * S
Mr. SEYMOUR. As the gentleman hasallnd-
ed to the Rio Grande matter, I Wish to say that, I
hold in my hand the correspondence upon this
subject from the Topographical Bureau, showing 1
that the line had not been run on the Rio Grande, >
mid that no survey could be made upon which any
estimates ought lo be founded.
Mr. '-WALSH. You will recollect - that this
was-made- the point of difficulty by gentlemen in
another branch of Congress lit legavu to these ap-
jjfopi lations.
• [Here the hammer fell.] , - ' ■ ■
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
•this iliscus^i<m about the" Hip-Grande is-out of
order ou an appropriation for ihe Tennessee ruer.
Tue question was then taken on- Mr. tJuuuc-il-
well's amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. BRO WN, of Mississippi. 1 oiler the fol-
lowing amendment:
For removing oh^tructiujis from the mouth pf Pasca-
goula river, 111 the Suite oi iMisaiaoippi, .-jVJio-i.
Gentlemen belonging to the Committee on Com-
merce say that appropriations of this kind hdvetiot
been inserted m the bill because they have not
been asked for. I sent to that committee a peti-
tion for this veryjxppropriauon, and not only hat,
it been left out,.but no sort of nonce has been taken
of it.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. • I desire-tq move
that the"committee rise, and then the gentleman
can make his speech to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. I hope that this talk about the
committee's rising will not come out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. Of course not.
Mr. JOHNSON. We have come to a stand
still and can do nothing. I move, therefore, that
the committee rise.
Mr. SliYMOUR. I hope the committee will
not use. 1 demand tellers.
Tellers weieordered; and Messrs. LETCiiERand
Riciiakosom were appointed.
The question was men taken; and there were—
ayes 62, noes (j7. , - -
So the committee refused to rise.
- Mr. JjROW.v. 1 was proceeding to say, that
the- members of the Committee on Commerce
were wholly mistaken, as far as the proposed ap-
propriation was concerned, w lien they said that
it had been left out of the bilLbeeat^e it was
not asked for. More than ome petitions for
this appiopriation have gone to that committee
through the ordinary channels. 1 liavc riot, it is
true, gone and besought the members of the com^
mittee in person, lo put into the bill this or any
other appropriation. J have neither begged n'or
bargained for that which 1 haven right to demand
in the name of my constituents. My constituents
petitioned, as was their light; and L presented
their petition, as was my duty,'. And I took it tor.
granted, "that the meinuers of the Committee on
Commerce, like the members of theotlier commit"
tees of -this House, would "discharge their duty.
Still, I find this bill reported, and no notice taken
of tuose petitions. 1 find, also, and it is that of
which 1 especially complain, that the State which
1 have the' honor in part to represent upon this
floor—a State which supplies to this Government
one seventh part of its exports, and, by conse-
quence, one seventh part of its imports, and which,
therefore, supplies one seventh part of the whole
revenue of the Government derived-from imports
. has not had appropriated to it in this bill one
Single Solitary dollar; not one farthing. Sir, Ihe
State of Mississippi has been entirely"oveilooked
in the preparation of this bill. .
A Voice. So has Virginia. ■" -
Mr. BROWN. No, I think "Virginia has not
been entirely omitted. She has. something, but Mis-
sissippi has not one dollar from the commencement
to the conclusion of the bill. This is the only item
that has been at-ked for, and it was due to thatState
that it should have been granted; or it* not, granted,
the petitions should have had at least a decent and
respectful consideration. Why is this? Why are
our-petitions thus trampled under foot and sp.t
utionr Is it. because the.Mississippi delegation come
here subscribing to thedocmue ofa strict-construc-
tion of the Constitution ? At e you going to-es-
tablish the piinciple in this country, that money
is to be doled out to those only who believe that a
liberal construction of the Constitution is right ?
and are you iromg to refuse appropriations to
tho-ie who take a different view of their duty to
the Constitution? Are the liberal constructionists
 tl,„se who believe the Government may and
ought to make these appropriations, about to band
together, seize the public money and appropriate
it to themselves, and will they deny to those who
dispute their power to appropriate all paiticipa-
tion in a common fund > If t.haI: be the prinriple
upon which'you are going to "aeT.,w li 5',' let usuil-
dfi'Stand it. 1 understand that the'treusure-ol the
tiriti'oh is the common property of the najion, "and
is riot to be distributed to the States- ac.cortlmg ip
the Opinions pf their Representatives oil a^insti-
tutional-question.- We hear all aroun"d""(is that
gemlemeu have not been able to get their items of
appropriations .put, into- this bill", becaosc-.they
themselves' believe"'that "Such- appropriations are
unconstitutional.'-Sir", have we.fallen npotrtime's,
like these, tlmt gentlemen ihatid themselves .to-
gether to seize ilfiim-the'national treasure and ap-
propriate it to their own use, denying all share to
those who ch'iuce not to agree .with th'enj.-in _th"eir
construction of tbe constitutional .power?. If, that
is the doctrine let us understand it.. '
1 have been* falsely charged, with beingadis-
umomst;.but if it be true that gentlemen who be-
lieve the National Tieosury is sutjeei to the unre-
stricted legislation of- Congress, may seize the
common" fund, divide it aroong themselves, and
deny all participation to those who will.not justify
tlie division, then, sir, -I soy it would be as_ hon-
orable to consort willi highwaymen as-to'Jive ia
such a Union. When,th$ "surplus; jseveruije' was
distributer), was -Virginia.unci 'Mississippi'denied'
then-distributive share 'became'they imposed "the
distribution? No; if-you have so' m.uch respect
foi our opinions as not to giie.uapijr,sl are-ol the -
motley -because we thinkto iipe it
in this way, tlUa.i"Ivtfy-yoii"respect •
a litile further; We belie've tifat you'have no
power'to tux us as you do' under the protective- •
policy. Will von so far respect our ^opinions:.as 4
to withhold taxation? No, sir; yojj 'will'ijnp'bse '-
taxation .whatever .may be our opinions; and' you
do it without stint or mercy, li is only wlien you
come to disburse the money that you'are seized
with these violent fits of respict for our opinions:
if you cannot appropriate money in my district
out of respect,for my constitutional opinions.on
the subject of these appropriations, then' carry
your respect a little further, and quit taxing "my
consiitupnts'until I am satisfied that you are doing
it according to the Constitution. If yoti may take
money out of my district witliout my consent, you
m-iy put. it back without my .consent. If we are
to have a partial system of distribution, then iet
us bavea partial system of taxation. , ft' my Slate
is to be thus excluded from the appropriations,
let her be stricken from the tav list. Ceus'e t.o
.draw money from her, and she' relinquishes f'o/e ver
all-claim upon the National Treasury..' .But-jf the
'hand-that gathers is thrust .into her pocket, she
calls'it. robbery if you close against lier the hand
that distributes.
' [Here Ihe hammer fell ]
Mr. McMULLIN obtained the floor.
M t. Gl DOINGS". I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the appropriation proposed in
this amendment is not to continue any work that
has already b°en commenced, or that is author-
ized bylaw. 1 would inquire of the Chair whether,
that being the case, it -is in :otde*r uutierthe 81st
rule, which is as follows:
" 8b No impropriation shall he reported in su-h genera)
mvprnpriatiDM lulls, or he tit on.O-r tif.iiti aiin-nilin^nflhereto,
jnj any rxptnidmiro no: previously jufrhonzeil by liitv, an-
tes- in eouliitiMti"ii ol appiopratioitslot -act! public wiirks
and objects as ate alrenify iu pro<rrH-.s, anil for ihe eoiimi-
frp!n-.i'"s tor cartyingou tise -f:v-i 1 ft! Di-partnienwo! thet>ov-
i-riinii-iil."
Mr. RICHARDSON". Tf the Chair sustains
the point of Older raised by the gentleman from
Ohio, this who'e bill is out of order.
Mr. GHIDINGS. ' I will say, in reply to the
gentleman from Illinois, that this-bill is to provide
for the carrying 011 of works which have been
aheady coinm-nced.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair supposes that
that rule has reference to the general appropria-
tion bills reported from the Committee of Ways
aivl Means, and riot to thisbill, which was reportrd
from the -Committee on Commerce. The.Chair
therefore decides that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi is in order. . '
Mr. GIDDINGS. From thai decision I appeal,,
anil 1 believe the appeal is debatable.
. The CHAIRMAN. No, sir, it is not d.ybat-
^Al'r .GIDDINGS. Then I simply ask'thatthe
Cl.e-i k may re ul the 81st rule, so that the commit-,
tee may understand 11. * •
Loud cries of " Object!"
