1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Gommerce.
FLOGGING IN THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE. I move to take up a resolution
which was laid upon the table some days ago,
calling upon the Secretary of the Navy for some
information in regard to the practice of flogging
in the Navy.
The mot]on to take up the resolution was agreed
to.
Mr. HALE. I now move to amend the reso-
lution, by striking out all after the word "resolved,"
and inserting what I now send to the Chair.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
infoun the Senate whether any charges were preferred
by any officer of Hie United States frigate Cumberland
against William K. Latimer, while commanding said frigate
on her recent cruise, for illegal punishment and disobedi-
ence of orders; and also, whether any court of inquiry was
bolden on the conduct of sairtLatimcr, and if so, what was
the finding or recommendation of *aid court of inquiry;
and if any such charges have been made against said Lati-
mer, or if any such court of inquiry lias been holdea, that
be furnish the same to the Senate ; and that he also inform
the Senate what pioceeding the Secretaiy of the Navy has
taken in the promises, both as regards said Latimer and the
officer who preferied said charges.
Mr. DAWSON. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire, whether it would not
be better to alter his amendment so as to call upon
the President for this information. I believe it is
not usual to call upon the Heads of Departments
directly for any information, but through the me-
dium of the President. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words " Secretary
of the Navy" and inserting the words the "Presi-
dent of the United States." I believe this is the
usual course.
Mr. HALE. I am not positively certain what
the practice is; but 1 understand that it is both
ways.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Georgia piopose to amend in the way he has sug-
gested ?
Mr. DAWSON. I have no particular wish to
interfere with the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire. My only object was to observe
a conformity to what I believed to be the usual
custom.
The PRESIDENT. Sometimes calls for in-
formation are made upon the Heads of Depart-
ments, and at others upon the President. I be-
lieve there is no fixed custom upon the subject.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, it is immaterial, and I
will withdraw my amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Hale, and it was agreed to
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution as amended, and it was decided
the affirmative.
CONSIDERATION OF PRIVATE CLAIMS.'
The PRESIDENT. The resolution of the
Senator from Maryland will now be taken up for
consideration.
The resolution provides, that from and after the
first of January next, Fridays of each week shall
be set apart for the consideration of private claims,
and that on these days private bills shall have
priority over all other business.
Mr. DAVIS, (in his seat.) I hope that resolu-
tion will not pass.
Mr. PRATT. I did not suppose that this res-
olution would have met with opposition on the
part of any member of this body; but I understood
the Senator from Massachusetts to say, in an i
under tone of voice, that he hoped this resolution j
would not pass. I was a member of the Commit- j
tee of Claims during the last session of Congress, j
and I have the honor of being upon the same ,
committee now. During the last session there j
were more than a hundred claims favorably re- ,
ported upon by the committee, and yet not one of |
them was acted upon by the Senate. During the j
same session, there were more than one hundred !
claims which were reported upon unfavorably, and j
all of these latter mentioned reports were immedi- ;
ately sanctioned by the Senate. Anterior to the j
last Congress I believe that two days in each week j
were assigned for the consideration of private |
claims. I have been instructed by the committee ;
to ask the Senate to pass this resolution. I hope |
it will be adopted; for one thing is certain, and j
that is, that that committee design to ask the Sen-
ate to abolish it as one of the standing committees i
on ofi
led \jf
of this body, unless their action is to receive some
attention on the part of the Senate. Let me ask
.why this committee is to be engaged session after
session in investigating private claims, if gentlemen
are to express the hope (no doubt expecting that by
the mere expression of the hope it will be realized)
that such a resolution as that will not pass ?
Mr. President, unless the Senate agree to fix
some particular day in each week for the consid-
eration of these claims, they will not beconsidered
at all. The experience of the whole of the last
Congress shows this to be true, it is clear that
you are doing injustice to this committee of the
Senate by imposing upon them this labor without
considering what they have done. Mr. President,
I repeat that I am instructed by this committee to
ask for the passage of this resolution by the Senate;
and it may be as well to say, that if the Senate
will not consent tp. give some little attention to
what we do, we d© not intend to do anything more
but to ask the Senate to abolish the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. It is very true, Mr. President,
that I did express a hope that this resolution
would not pass, and I did so because I believe that
by adopting it, we are not going either to save
the time of the Senate or to facilitate the dispatch
of business. I do not know how it should hap-
pen in the course of a session of three months,
when every bill goes upon the calendar, private as
well as public, that we should not reach these pri-
vate bills. But then 1 take it as the result of an-
other disorderly practice which we have adopted
here—and I trust the Senate will excuse the use of
that word, for I do not use it disrespectfully—I
refer to the system of making special assignments
of business from day to day, and from time to
time, and from hour to hour. No*w, to say the
least, I think that this is an erroneous practice;
that it creates confusion; that it docs not hasten
the progress of business at all; while, on the con-
trary, I believe that if we would permit the busi-
ness to go on in the order in which it stands on
the calendar, we should accomplish much more
than we do, and do it more to our satisfaction. I
have no objection to the assignment of a day or
days for the consideration of these private claims,
if the honorable Senator and his committee desire
it; but instead of selecting certain days of the
week for that purpose, I would select those sea-
sons and times when the public business does not
press upon us; and in such seasons and times I
would assign certain days for taking up these bills
and for the action of the Senate upon them.
There is another reason why I would prefer this
course—a reason m the force of which I think all
gentlemen here of any experience will agree—and
that is, that if you assign Fridays and Saturdays
to private bills,you will seldom have a quorum m
this body. Gentlemen will abandon the Senate.
That is the experience of the past, and if you adopt
this rule again you will very often find yourselves
in that condition. Those gentleman only who
happen to feel an interest in private claims, will
come here just for the purpose of having those
claims in which they are particularly interested
brought to an issue. Other gentlemen will say,
(i I have no particular interest in this business; I
can employ my time in a manner which will be
much more agreeable to me, and I will leave the
Senate."
If any change is to be made in the mode of doing
business, 1 believe it would be better to Lake the
business as it stands upon the calendar, and lessen
the number and frequency of special appointments
—the assignment of particular days for particular
things if you please, and take them in the order
in which they stand on the docket. I by no means
wish to throw any obstruction in the way of pri-
vate bills, but desire that they may go through the
Senate in the ordinary way. If I differ with the
gentleman,it is merely as to which is the best way
of doing this business, he appearing to suppose
that we can accomplish it best by the adoption of
one mode, while 1 think we can do it best by the
adoption of another.
Mr. PRATT. I do not know that I precisely
comprehend the argument of the gentleman from
Massachusetts; but if I do understand it, it is
this : That the claims of the citizens of this coun-
try against the Government for money due them
do not came under his category of i( public busi-
ness;" that it is not a kind'of business which de-
mands the action of Congress 
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me, I
beg to say that I did not make any such assertion
as that.' Not at all. I merely wished that a dis-
crimination should be made here between a certain
class of bills known as private bills, and a certain
other class called public bills. That was all I in-
tended.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Massachu-
setts does not make in terms, the assertion or the
argument which I attributed to him; but in reality
he does so. What is it that he asks? He says
that he has no objection that some days should be
fixed for the consideration of private claims, but
he wants such days fixed as will not interfere with
public business. Although, therefore, in so many
words the Senator does not assert what I stated,
yet in substance he certainly did so. All these
claims are to be superseded if there be anything
for the consideration of the Senate which is called
"public business." I apprehend that there isnot
a single claim which has been passed upon by that
committee which was not investigated most rigidly
and patiently; and I arn satisfied that none of them
were favorably reported upon which ought not at
once to have passed. On the contrary, I know,
both as a member of this body and as a member
of that committee-, that not one of these claims has
been passed upon by the Senate. Where the Gov-
ernment is indebted to citizens it is the duty of
Congress, which I believe the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will not in the abstract deny, to pay
those citizens, rather than to attend to resolutions
and discussions which the gentleman may consider
as public business, especially such business as we
have been engaged in since the commencement of
this session. 1 hold that we should have been
much more profitably engaged if, instead of dis-
cussing the abstract propositions which have thus
far engaged our attention, we had been engaged in
doing justice to citizens who have claims against
the Government—if we had been engaged in pay-
ing our honest debts. Yes, sir, this would have
been much better than devoting our attention to
people who have no particular claim upon us.
I hope, then, that this resolution will be passed.
It is due to those claimants that it should be passed,
and to refuse to pass it is to do injustice. There
are claims here which have been standing for the
last ten years, which have been favorably reported
upon, and which certainly ought to be passed.
That the Government owes the money there can
be no doubt. That money has never been paid;
and I hold it to be the duty of this body to fix
some day for that purpose. To this end I have
offered this resolution, so as to see whether we can
prevail upon Senators to pay the just claims of
their fellow-citizens upon the Government, and to
attend to the reports of their committee.
Mr. MANGUM. After a long course of obser-
vation 1 am satisfied that any departure from the
ancient rules of the Senate in this respect will tend
to obstruct rather than to facilitate the course of
business. If this body will do what it did some
years ago—pertinaciously adhere to the calendar,
we shall get through the whole business satisfacto-
rily and accurately. But, sir, there is a struggle
here towards the close of the session, and very often
at the early part of it, to get precedence to take up
particular claims in which individual Senators feel
an interest, to the prejudice of all others. If the
| Senate will adhere to the ancient rule, and suffer
! nothing to be taken up out of its order, unless it
! be in a case of great emergency, we shall accom-
! plish all in due season. J am opposed to the
j passage of this resolution. I have seen this thing
! attempted at least twenty times, with very indif-
i ferent effect as to the progress of business, besides
! the risk of injustice sometimes being done to the
! Treasury by the minority. On the other hand, if
! everything comes up in its due order, everything
j will be done satisfactorily to the country and to
this body. I hope, therefore, that this resolution
will not pass. I am perfectly satisfied that all the
business of the Senate can be done, and well done,
if the Senate will adhere to its ancient rule and
take up all business in its order. Under such a
rule, public and private business shares an equal
fate.
Mr. ATCHISON. I concur with the Senator
from North Carolina in one point of view. If we
do adhere to the calendar all these difficulties will
be obviated. But the Senator knows as well as
any gentleman here that we do not do it—that the
Senate never has done it 
Mr. MANGUM, (in his seat.) Yes it has.
