1908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN entertained the motion, and
proceeded to divide the committee upon it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a question of
order. That motion cannot be entertained. I was
upon the floor to speak in opposition to theamend-
ment of-the gentleman from Mississippi; the gen-
tleman from Ohio rose to a question of order, and
I took my seat until that question of order was
decided. I insist that no gentleman has a right
to take the floor from me to submit any motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is right. The fact&areas he has stated, and
the motion that the committee do now rise is not
in order, unless he yields the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
My colleague retained his seat until the commit-
tee was actually dividing on my motion. It was
too late for him to claim the floor then.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
that does not take away from the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. McMullin] his 'right to the floor.
Mr. DISNEY. Supposethis question of order
should be continued for half a day, would it not
be competent for the committee to rise?
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal must be de-
cided at once, and without debate.,
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. ORR. I raise another question of order,
that the amendment submitted by the gentleman
from Mississippi is not germane to the amendment
to which it is offered. The one is to improve the
Tennessee river, and the other is to improve a
river in Mississippi.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
amendment is germane and in order. 1
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Virginia
yield the floor for a motion to rise?
Mr. McMULLIN. I yield it for that purpose.
Mr. ORR. I move that the committee do now
rise.
The question was put, and on a division there
"were—ayes 60, noes 35.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Olds)
reported that the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union had hod under consideration the
state of the Union generally, and pai ticularly House
bill No. 282, " making appropriations for the im-
provement of certain harbors and rivers," and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to call up the resolution proposing
to fix a day for the final adjournment, which has
been sent back from the Senate with an amend-
ment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I object.
Mr. E WJNG. I movethat the House adjourn.
Mr. BISSELL. Will the gentleman withdraw
that motion for one moment?
Mr. EWING. I withdraw it.
PROTECTION OF THE FRONTIERS.
Mr. BISSELL. I hope there will be no objec-
tion now to taking up and disposing of the "bill
which I mentioned this morning, to authorize the
President to place in the hands of our citizens on
the frontier arms for the protection of themselves
against the Indians.
Mr. WARD. I object, and move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the House ad-
journed until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 24, J852.
The House met at eleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Mo rgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion to reconsider the vote by which i
the following bill was ordered to be laid on the j
table, viz: "A bill granting the right of way and ^
4 making a grant of land to the State of Michigan, I
4 to aid in the construction of the Oakland and !
' Ottawa railroad, commencing at the village of 1
1 Pontiac, in the county of Oakland, and termin- !
c ating on the navigable waters ofLakeMichigan,
* in the county of Ottawa."
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present a bill, of which previous
notice has been given, merely for the purpose of
having it referred.
Mr. ORR. Let us first hear it read.
The title of the bill was read, as fpHows: " A
bill amendatory of the several, acts regulating the'
appraisement of imported merchandise, and more
effectually to prevent frauds against the revenue."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 'I object.
Mr. DUjSPCAN. 1 ask .the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present the following bill, to
which, tam sure, there will be no objection. I
ask that it be read for information.
The bill was read by its title, as follows: " A
bill to reduce the duties on certain articles, and
; to exempt certain articles from duty."
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object,
j Mr. SCHERMERHORN. I ask the unam-
I mous consent of the House to introduce a bill, of
i which previous notice has been given, and to
which, 1 presume, there will be no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to any bills being
introduced, and call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
OAKLAND AND OTTAWA RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the con-
sideration of House bill No. 290, to grant the
right of way and a portion of the public lands to
a certain railroad in Michigan. The pending mo-
tion is to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
laid upon the table.
.Mr. STUART. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of that motion until Wednes-
day next; and I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I hope the consideration
of this bill will be postponed longer than that. If
a day further off-is fixed, I shall have no objec-
tion.
Mr. STUART. If it is desired to postpone the
consideration to a later day, I have no objection.
I do not wish to take up the time of the House
with it now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has a motion been
jaaade to lay the motion to reconsider on the table ?
The SPEAKER. -No such motion has been
made.
Mr. JONES. Then I make that motion.
Mr. STCJART. I apprehend the gentleman
could not get the floor for that purpose. I was
upon the floor myself.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
not being debatable, unless the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] desired to make a mo-
tion, he could not hold the floor, and the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] had a right to
make the motion to lay the motion to reconsider
J! upon the table.
|! Mr. STUART. To make a motion is the pre-
cise purpose for which I rose.
II Mr. MEADE. Before we proceed further with
|! this matter, 1 desire to know what the bill is?
The bill was again read by its title,
j; Mr. STUART. I now hope the gentleman
!' from Tennessee will allow me to make the motion
|i to postpone, if that motion can be made. I will
' not make any other motion with reference to the
i; bill.
j. Mr. JONES. We are now within a few weeks
|i of the close of the session, and it is necessary to
: economise time as much as possible, in order to
get through with the public business.
Mr. STUART. But it will take but a minute
j. to postpone the bill.
Mr. JONES. I know it will not, but if we post-
pone it till Wednesday next it will come up again
j' then, and we shall have it all to go over again. I
ii think it is better to dispose of the bill now.
Mr. STUART. If the motion to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table is to be put now,
I ask for a call of the House, and upon that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays, and tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hamilton,
and Stevens of Pennsylvania, were appointed;
and the House being counted, the tellers report-
ed—ayes 31.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put upon the motion for
a call of the House, and there were—yeas 44,
nays 72, the Speaker voting in the negative to make
a quorum.
So a call of the House was refused.
When the name of Mr. Cottman was called,
Mr. WALSH roseand stated that his colleague
[Mr. Cottman]. had for some time been detained
from the House, in consequence of the sickness
of a child, and he was now detained on account
of her death.
Mr. CLEVELAND stated that Mr. Grow was
confined to his room by indisposition.
Mr. STUART. I now move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed till Wed-
nesday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
motion is already pending, as well as the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion must first be put, unless the gen-
tleman from Tennessee withdraws it.
Mr, JONES. I decline to withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the yeas and nays upon the motion to lay upon
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Chair state the
precise motion ?
The SPEAKER. On yesterday the House, by
a vote, laid the bill on the table. A motion was
then made to reconsider that. vote. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] now moves to
lay the motion-to reconsider on.the table, which
is the motion now pending, and upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question was then put, and decided in the
negative—yeas 53, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, John Appleton, "William
Appleton, Ashe, Bartlett, Bibighaus, Bragg:, Broekmridpe,
Burrows, Caldwell, Caskie, Chat-tain, Cleveland, Daniel,
Edmuiifl.^on, Fowler, Thoma- J. D Fuller, Giddm^s, Good-
enow, Grey, Hamilton, Ts-ham G. Hariis, He bard, Hibbard,
IJillyer, Horsford. John W. IIihvp, Jackson, Andrew John-
son, George W. Jones, George G. Kinir, Preston King,
Kuhns, Kuitz, Letcher, Mann, Martin, McLanahan', Mc-
Mullen, McNair, Meade, Million, Moichcad, Murphy, Mnr-
lay, Perkins, Powell, Ougen S. Seymour, Skelton, Thad-
deus Stevens^ Wallace, and Wiidriek—f>3.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Barrere,
Bisyell, Bowne, Brenton, Brisgs, Brooks, Geo. H. Brown,
Busby, E. C. Cabell, Lewis D\ Campbell; Chandler, Clark,
Chn^tnan, Cobb, Conner, Cullom, John G. Davi«, Doty,
Durkee, Eastman, Ficklin, Fitch, Florence, Freeman,
Henry M. Fuller,•Gentry, Green, Harper, Sampson W.
Harris, Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hendricks, Ilenn, Houston,
Thomas Y. How, Hunter, James Johnson, John Johnson,
Hubert W. Johnson, Laudiy, Lockharf, Mace, Humphrey
Marshall, Miller, Mirier, Nabers, Olds, Orr, S. W. Parker,
Penn, Pennnnan, Phelps, Polk, Porter, Price, Richardson,
Robjp. Sackett, Scheruierhoin, Peuny, David L. Seymour,
Smith, Stanly, Benjamm Stanton,Abraham P. Stephens, St.
Martin, Stoart, Taylor, Thurston, Tovvnshend, Walhridge,
WaMi, Wairt, Watkins, Welch, Addison White, Wilcox,
and Yates—81.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
postpone the further consideration of the bill until
Wednesday next.
- Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to amend the
motion by striking out " Wednesday next" and
: inserting " two weeks from next Tuesday."
! Mr. STUART. I hope the bill will not be post-
1 poned longer than Wednesday next.
i The question was put upon the adoption of the
j amendment, and, upon a division, there weie—
i ayes 62, noes 61.
} Mr. FICKLIN demanded tellers; which were
! ordered; and Messrs. Chandler and St. Martin
\ were appointed.
| The question was again put, and the tellers re-
! ported—ayes 54, noes 69.
j So the amendment was not adopted.
The motion to postpone the farther consider-
ation of the bill till Wednesday next was then
agreed to.
WHEELING BRIDGE.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of the bill " declaring the
Wheeling bridge a lawful structure, and for other
purposes." The pending motion being to com-
mit to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union and print.
Mr. OLDS. I move to postpone the further
consideration of that bill till a week from the next
Monday. There are other matters from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads which
I desire to have come up;' and as the bill will be
likely to occupy considerable time, 1 move its post-
ponement till Monday week.
