1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
why a i:rst-cUiss light-house is indispensably ne-
cessary r^ear one of the shoals near the mouth of
the livei; and asks that additional buoys may be ;
placed on the shoals in the waters connected with
the harbor of Wilmington.
The third prays, upon grounds both strong and
peculiar, that there should be a marine hospital
established at that point. J move the reference of
these memorials to the Committee on Commerce;
and, before they are referred, I beg to say, with-
out making a speech, that I hope that committee
will take them into very early consideration: and ,
I feel very sure that it they do so, they will be
obliged to come to the conclusion that all three of 1
these applications ought to be anted, in behalf ,
of the most important seaport of our State, which, i
for the J tst t^n or twelve years, has been growing
m importance, increasing m trade, and enlarging
in population, and that they will feel a disposition i
to do w hat is a pist and necessary act for a State I
which certainly has not received very large favors ,
in that way from the General Government. 1
The motion to refer was agreed to.
THE TEXAS DE3T. j
M-r; UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I have
the memorial of Leslie Combs, a citizen of the
State of Kentucky, which he has requested me to
present to the consideration of the Senate. In
order to explain it, I beg leave to state some facts j
in regard to the legislation of Texas. It appears j
from the laws of Texas, which have been placed \
in my Hands by Mr. Combs, that on the 20th of 1
March, 1813, that State passed a law requiring ;
hei creditors to present their claims on or before ,
tiie second Monday in November, 1849. The :
claims were to be presented to me auditor and 1
comptroller of that State; and the auditoi and
comptroller were to give receipts for the claims :
thus presented, specifying upon the face of each
receipt the value of the claim at the time the debt ;
wos contracted. In other words, they were to
scale thp claim and receipt to the holder for the j
value of ine claim, according to its rate in the :
market at the time the debt was contracted. The '
act goes on to provide, that the claims that were :
not presented by the second Monday of Novem- |
ber, 1849, should be postponed. I
On the 8th of February, 1850, another act was •
passed, extending rh j time to the 1st of Septem-
ber, 1851; and that act states that the claims that !
were not presented by that day, should be barred. 1
Mr. Combs says that ho has cloims against the 1
State of Texas, amounting *o ^69,200, without •
mteresr. fie says that he did not present them 1
by the days that were specified in these acts, and i
that he could not present them, for various rea- '
sons, winch he assigns in his memorial—among j
others, that the evidence of his claim had been j
filed, w:rh his release, in the Department here, ac- j
cording to the act of Congress of September, |
1850. The consequence is, that by the failures to |
present these claims within the time specified, they
arc now, by the law of Texas, barred.
It further appears, from the legislation which he 1
has placed in my hands, that an act of Texas '
went into operation on the 1st of May, 1850, by ■
which the holders of claims, audited and reported -
to the Legislature, under the act of 20th March, ,
.1848, were authorized to surrender their claims to :
the commissioners of the land office, and receive
jartd v'ertificates, at the rare of fifty cents i er acre, '
in payment of their claims. By that act, Texas '
provided for the payment ufthe outstanding debts
that had been audited and ivpoited to the Legis- ,
JaLr.rf by t'il auditor and comptroller, under the
act l^H, lii Jand. Bat no provision was made '
by tli.it law, a* Mr. Combs says, which could 1
embrq.'p his "Hhiis. By an act of the 31st of Jan- {
nary, 165*3. passed bv the Legislature of Texas,
that State appropriated $2,000,000 of the United
State,, stock she held, to pay the claims against
her which had been submitted to the auditor and
coinptro'ler for njjusbnenf, under ihe act of 20th
March, 184^; and out of th->e $0,000,000, thus ap-
Tir-\ina?e] h r rhe o," n-> pavmtj«u was to
'■ e made, e:J epi of those claims which had been
submitted to the auditor and comptroller, to be
scnied in the manner which I have stated. The
act further provides, that no payment shall be
made, even ont of those ^2,000,000, until the
authorities of Texas were informed by those oi
the United States that this Government was ready
to issue $5,000,000 of stock, which yet remained
behind. And it further provides, that the pay- ]
ment is not then to be made, unless the holder of I
a claim will give a receipt to the accounting offi-!
cers of Texas, stating that the amount received is j
in full satisfaction of the demand, and also releas- !
ing the Government of the United States from all !
liability to pay the amount of the demand. ■
These are the facts, which I have felt it my :
duty to state, by way of explaining the petition
which Mr. Combs has desired me to present. .
He states that he is not willing to submit to be
scaled m this way; and he exhibits a report, show- '
ing that such debts as his have been rated at sev-
enty cents on the dollai. Others have been rated
at fifty cents, some at thirty cents, some at twen-
ty-five cents, and some even as low as twenty
cents on the dollar. One of these acts stops the
payment of interest on the part of Texas, after
the 1st of May, or 1st of July, 1850. He sets out
all these facts, and states that he is not willing to
submit thus to be scaled, and looks upon the Gov- !
ernment of the United States as liable to pay the
amount of his demand; having, by the passage of
the law of September, 1850, assumed the debts .
for which the duties pledged by Texas were liable.
All his claims are of that character, falling within 1
the description of those that were to be scaled at
the rate of seventy cents on the dollar.
There is also a decision of the Secretary of the ;
Treasury, made a part of this petition, which I,
perhaps, ought to state. The Treasury Depart-
ment have required the whole of the creditors of
Texas, who were provided for by the legislation of .
Congress, to file their releases before the retained !
$5,000,000 can be handed over to Texas; and, (
considering all these debts of General Combs :
embraced in the provision made by Congress, his j
claim cannot be paid until all the creditors release
their claims.
These are, substantially, the facts of the case; 1
and, to show the urgency of it, I will conclude by
reading the latter part of General Combs's petition. ;
He says: "Your petitioner has thus plainly pre-;
sented his case to the Congress of the "Ohited .
States, and hopes he will not be considered impor- ;
tunate in urging then early attention to his individ-
ual claim, or to the passage of some general law, ;
which will afford him relief, when he informs
them that, at tins very moment, the dwelling m ■
which he left his wife and children has been levied j
on by the sheriff, and must be sold, if justice is ,
either much longer delayed or refused him." !
Now, under this presentation of facts, I move that i
the petition be referred to the Committee on the .
Judiciary; and I beg them to consider the urgency, I
and take the subject into immediate consideration, j
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I desire to say a I
single word. We have had a good deal of ex parte
lecturing upon the subject of the Texas debt, both ■
in and out of Congress; and I do trust and hope,
that, whatever committee this petition shall go to,
will furnish us with a report which shall Jegiti- j
mately bring up that subject for discussion. If I i
am not, mistaken, the honorable Senator from Ken- ■
tucky himself, in an argument in regard to a cer- '
tain bill which passed here, appropriating *>10,000,- 1
000 to Texas, assumed that, what he now terms the
scaled debt of Texas, was the real debt; and offered
some reasons why that amount of §10,000,000
should not be appropriated, because a less amount ,
would pay the debt. I remember very well, that ,
when 1 was before the committee of thirteen, I ;
stated what was the amount of the Texas debt. It
was upwards of $12,000,000. The appropriation ■
made by the Government of the United States was
only to the amount of §10,000,000.
f do not intend to go into this matter now; but o
1 hone some bill will come before Congress, by j
which the whole of the facts in this case can be ,
stated; raid I pledge myself then _ to .show what s
Government it is, Texas or the United States, that ,!
in this matter is the repudiator. 1 will show where I
the repudiating is. 1 know that the appropriation
of $10,009,000 has furnished a fruitful theme for
stump speeches all over the country; and when-
ever this matter comes before Congress in such a
shape as to justify its investigation, I will show
that, in any court of conscience or equity, the
United States are bound for more than two thirds
of the debt of Texas, by a policy which, m any ;
other Government would have been disgraceful.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I cautiously avoided
expressing an opinion upon the subject to which
I called the attention of the Senate. T r*u °
timent of delicacy that operated upon me, to pre-
vent an expression of any opinion of mine what-
ever, and intentionally avoided it. It is true, as
the gentleman from Texas well knows, that I have
expressed my opinion heretofore against the lia-
bility of this Government for the whole of these
claims. Congress settled it against my opinion.
I did not intend to revive that; but I merely called
the attention of the Senate to the facts, as repre-
sented by the memorialist, without giving any
opinion of my own. If the gentleman supposes
that I intended to make any reflection upon his
State, or to commit myself in one way or the other,
he is entirely mistaken. I did not expect that he
would have made any allusion to my past conduct,
when these subjects were under discussion years
ago, merely because I chose to present the memo-
rial of a constituent, and state his views of the
subject, founded upon the laws of Texas. I make
this statement to show that I stand fully uncom-
i mitted in reference to the merits of this memorial,
! when the report of the committee shall come in.
i But I will say this, in behalf of the memorialist,
i that, according to everything which appears to
j me, he is entitled to a very large sum for these
■ $69,200; and, as the Government has retained
j $5,000,000 until Texas shall make provision for
; such claims as his, and Texas has not yet made
j that provision, it becomes this Government to see
, that my constituents, as well as yours, sir, shall
be paid out of the §5,000,000 retained. I think
j that is proper. But I do not wish to go into the
i subject now; and I am sorry that the gentleman
has adverted to my conduct heretofore, which has
drawn these remarks from me.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. This discussion is not in
order. The question is merely on the reference
of the memorial to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. RUSK. I know it is; but I believe, on the
question of reference, subjects involved in memo-
rials are frequently debated. I simply wish to
say, in answer to the honorable Senator, that I
alluded to him in no unkindness. I merely referred
to him because he formerly assumed what the
Texas Legislature assumed, that they were only
bound to pay t'he amount made available to them.
I did not intend to express any opinion on that
assumption—either to sanction the proceedings of
Texas, or to say that the honorable Senator, when
he assumed that argument in relation to the Texas
bill, was right.
I have read the memorial which has just been
presented, and it is in perfectly respectful language
towards Texas. It shows a very strong case
against the Government of the United States. It
shows that when the Government of the United
States undertook to act as a commissioner in bank-
ruptcy over the State of Texas, it passed a very
absurd reservation. I have read it very carefully;
and it is couched in terms to which nobody in
Texas, or anywhere else, can take exception. It
is a plain statement of the case of the memorialist.
It shows this fact: that he went forward and com-
plied with the terms of the law of theUnited States
requiring releases to be filed attheTreasury before
payment could be made. He went forward in-
stantly, and filed his release to the United States;
and that very fact precluded him from complying
with the Texas law in submitting his claim to
Texas. He complied with the United States Jaw;
and that law is couched m such terms, that, until
releases are filed for the very last dollar of the
Texas debt, none of it can be paid. A large por-
tion of tiie debt is held by orphans and minors,
who cannot come forward now and file releases.
The Government of the United States, by this
provision, has placed him in a position where he
cannot avail himself of the law of Texas, and, at
the same time, puts him at the mercy of every
creditor of Texas; for if the last one, having a
thousand dollar claim, should refuse to file a release
at the Treasury Department, not one single dollar
of the live millions could be paid out.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
ARSENAL IN GEORGIA.
Mr. DAWSON. I have received from the
Governor of the State of Georgia, resolutions con-
curred in by both branches of the General Assem-
bly of that State. They represent that the Govern-
T felt a sen- ment of the United States has established in the
