1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr. FOWLER. Is there not a motion pending
to print the minority report?
The SPEAKER. The motion was to commit
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, afi'd to print the'majority and
minority reports. - • - . -
Mr. STUART. I hope its' consideration will
be postponed until a w.eek.from- Wednesday next)
instead of Monday-.- -
Mr. OLDS. I have no objection to that,land
will so modify my motion. - ■ -
Mr. FOWLER. 1 hope the motion will be so
framed as to include the motion-to-print both the
majority and minority reports. AH- I desire' is
that these reports shall be printed."
The SPEAKER.- Will the gentleman from
Ohio state what is hie precise motion ?
• Mr. OLDS. I .move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until a week from Wednes-
day next, and that the two reports be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM THE COMMITTEE ON THE
POST OFFICE AND POST ROADS.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on. the Post
Office and Post Ruads, reported a bilFfor the relief
of the Southern--Michigan Railroad Company;
which was read a first and second time by its title
and referred to the - Committee 'of the Whole
House, tViade theorder of the day for to-morrow,
and, with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLARK, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Cornelius Covert, of
Michigan; which was read a first and second time
by its title. .
Mr. CLARK. L ask that it snail take the same
course. '*
Mr. STUART. I wish to make a short state-
ment to the House, and then I shall move,to put
the bill upon its passage. It is simply a bill for the
relief of a contractor for carrying the mail, where
the contract was entered into under a rinstake. It
is conceded by the Postmaster General that the
- mistake was made. His contract should have been
entered into for §419, whereas it was entered into,
throug-h a mistake, for $219. The Postmaster
General examined into the matter, and conceded
that it was an error, but he thought he had not the
power to correct it, but that it must be done by
Congress. The Committee on the Post Office.and
Post Roads have also examined into the subject,
and they are of the opinion that it was, unquestion-
ably, an error, and that the man ought to be re-
lieved. He is running upon the line now, and
running at a great disadvantage. Not being a
man of means, it embarrasses him greatly to carry
out his contract; yet if he -does^ not carry it out,
the Department will prosecute him. This is, in a
few words, a correct statement of the facts of the
case. The mistake was made of inserting £219,
when it should have been $419.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question? In
the proposal, what was the sum named?
Mr. STUART. Four hundred and nineteen
dollars. It is merely an error in drawing up the
contract. The bill "proposes to give him, Hot
what was his bid, but to give him the bid of the .
next man under hi'm. I know the man very well j
  I live but a few miles from him, arid I know that j
this delay embarrasses --him very much. I hope j
the House will pass the bill. " j
The question now being upon the motion to j
commit to the Committee of the Whole House— j
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to the bill
being put upon its passage, and will withdraw the
motion to commit, to enable the gentleman to
ynake his motion. I will state, however, in this
connection, that this bill stands upon about the
same ground as a large class of bills.
Mr. STUART. I now move to put the bill
upon its passage.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. BISSELL. I am very far from wishing
to do anything to embarrass this bill, but I would
like to know of the gentleman-from Iowa, [Mr.
Clark,] what we are to understand by his re- ]
mark, that this is but one of a class "of cases ? !
Mr. CLARK. The gentleman is to, understand ■
iust this   j
Mr. KING, of New York. This bill makes an'
appropriation, ,and must, except by unanimous
consent, go to a Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STUART. No, sir.; it does not make any
new appropriation.' - "
The SPEAKER. Th.e bill provides- for the
payment of money out of the Post Office fund not
otherwise appropriated.'
Mr. STUART. It does not rais? any money
or make any new appropriation, but simply cor-
rect® a mistake.. ~. - , ■ '
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. -It is «vt-
dentjy an appropriation. ,
" The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that it must go to a Committee of the Whole, if it
is insisted on, under the rule.
Mr. STUART. I hope no one will insist upon
it. The case is precisely as I stated; the facts are
clear; and theie is no dispute about it by the Post-
master General, and none by the committee. It
will be seen by the committee that this-man does-
not get what he paid, but simply gets $396 instead
of §419, which was his bid. The Postmaster
General recommended that amount, because if'that
man's had not been taken, the one at $396'.would
have been. '-■ - ■
• Mr. STEVENS. In consequence of the re-
mark, that this was one of a whole class Of cases
of .this kind, I musk ask that it be referred to the-
Committee of the Whole. ' .
Mr. CLARK. In answer to the gentleman
from Illinois, (Mr. Bisseu,,] 1 did not mean to say
that theie is another case just like this, but 
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
bill must be referred to the Committee of the.
Whole. ■
Mr. STUART. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] to withdraw his objec-
tion. He can learn from thegentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Clark,] the chairman of the committee', t-hat
the facts of the case are just as I have stated them.
The SPEAKER. Is the objection withdrawn ?
Mr. STEVENS. It is a most extraordinary
mistake in the Postmaster General, if it be one;
and if it be a mistake, it is most extraordinary if he
cannot correct it; and if there is a whole class of
cases of this kind, I must have time to look into
them.
Mr. STUART. Thegentleman from Iowa will
not say that there is another case precisely like
this.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot say that there is an-
other case precisely like this; but there are cases
for obtaining pay for carrying the mail, and the
cases are alike in this respect.
Mr. BISSELL. I do not wish to be understood
as interposing any objection myself.
" Mr." STUART. This hill is not for an increase
of pay, but is an.-absolute deduction from'what
the parties supposed, they were to receive, redu-
cing that pay from $419 to $39G. , •
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to know of the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] when
this contract was entered into?
Mr. STUART. It was entered into some year
or two ago, but I cannot tell the time precisely.
The contract is now in force, and the man is now
carrying the mail. ' .
Mr. LETCHER.' When was the mistake as-
certained '
Mr STUART. A-short time after the contract
was entered into. The Department was notified
of it by my predecessor. When I came on I
went to the Postmaster General. He referred thfe
case to his law officer to examine, and they deter-
mined that the mistake ought to be rectified, but
that they had not the power to do it, and that the
contractor must come to Congress for relief.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to say that I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will
withdraw his objection. We examined this case
fully in committee, and were satisfied that the
mistake ought to be rectified, and if he were to
examine it a whole day he would come to the
same conclusion. . -
The SPEAKER. Unless the objection be with-
drawn, the bill must go to the Committee of the
Whole.
The objection was not withdrawn, and the bill
| was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
' the state of the Union.
PROTECTION OF THE FRONTIER.
Mr. BISSELL. Has notthe morning hour ex-
fired .' ,
! The SPEAKER. It has. .
|. - .Mr. BISSELL. I feel it my duty again to ask
the House that they~svjU"takeupand pass the bill
to which I referred on yesterday ,'.wfych is"to au-
thorize the Executive,to furnish the citizen® upO'n
the .frontiers with yar'ms- to project themselves
against the Indians. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Ho"use to take It up. ' . •' - i _
[Cries Of " Agreed!'' "Agreed!"] -
No:objection was made,.a"nd th.e bill was re-
ported to the House by its title, as follows: •' .*
« h. E. Na- 259. -An act to provide for tho. protection of-
the Territories 'of New Mexico, Ctah, Oregon, and the
States of Texas. and..Caiiforntti." . ....•'
The ^mendrnettsmad'e'tQ the bill by-the Senate
were then read by the Clerk. . , /
Mr. STANLY. I shall interpose, Mr. Chair-
man, no delay to the' passage of this bill, 'but .I
wish to call the attention of the Ifouse> to (jne^or
two facts before they pass it. This'is a very im-
portant measure to Texas, and the frontiers, as
my friend from Illinois [Mr. BisselL] tells us.
There4s no doubt about that, and the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Howard] thinks "so too. Now,
sir, whenever there js any trouble 6n the Texati
frontiers with.th® Indians, amounting to the,de-
struction of a.pig, or the killing of a/cow, we aro
threatened wjth an Indian war', and the expense
goes on, we do not .know to \yhat'extent. We
are to have'the expanse of the Government now-
increased by the amendments whieh the-eco'nom-
■ ical Senate have put to ihis bill—the economical
Senate, who,are very fond,of scolding the House
of Representatives—and about-"which ! intend to
say a wotd', when that'"resolution relating to ad-
journment comes up-. . . ' -'
We shall have, I believe, an expense put upon
the country of more than '$1,000,000. a year, if
this bill becomes a law.; and the consequence will
be, that at the next session of Congress we shall
have, besides the regular estimates for the appro-
priation, a deficiency bill- to pay the expenses
incurred by this bill. In a month or two after this
bill passes, some outcry will be raised about In-
dian devastations upon the Texan frontiers; a few
public meetings will be held; the President will be
culled upon to authorize the raising of these five
hundred mounted volunteers. They will come into
service, and then a deficiency of nearly $1,000,000
will be called for, while the Administration for
the time being will be held responsible' for this
increase of expense, caused by this act of Con-1
stress, and for which there will be no reguiai apr
propriation.
Now, sir, I-hold in my hand a document trans-
mitted to the Committee^of Ways andMgans, at
the.early-part of this session, from the Secretary
of the Treasury. 'The documentjs No. 28. My
honorable friend ,[Mr. Howard] ' from Texas,
writes, to the Secretary, and asks for an estimate
of the amount required to pay the four companies
of Texan mounted volunteers',.who have not been
paid. The Secretary of the Treasury sends to
the House the estimate, and afterwards the esti-
mate for another company, making five altogether.
By referring to document No. 28, to which 1
have alluded, you will find this estimate:
Estimate of amount required to pay four .Companies' of
■ Tex'a5- Mounted Volunteers, called. into the sarvuie -of the
United Statu by Brevet Major 'General' George M.
- Brooke, awl Brevet Brigadier General W. S. Harney.
Name of'CaptaiiK , - Period of service. ' Amount.
rt. E. McCulloch..
A. A. Wallace 
J). O. Connor 
A. S. Ford 
Total.
May 5 to Nov'rS, 1851..
March 23 to Sept. 23,1851
March 17 to'July 18, 1851
March 23 to Sept.33,1851
$18,119 00
17,450 00
12,266 00
17,950 00
65,785 00
The estimate for the fifth! company was some
S15.000 or 116,000; making .m all about #80.001),
Ihich has gone into the deficiency bill. It will
be observed that these estimates are for pay,
and that does not include, according to estimates
I have been enabled to make, one third part of the
actual amount of expense of these five companies
of Texan volunteers. That merely pays the
men. Now, sir, there is all the forage, there is all
the immense cost of transporting those men, entt
supplies froni wherever they may be ordered to
the frontier, and which cost will be a great deal
more than the « pay" of the men. One hundred
•and fifty thousand dollars will not pay
-pense of those five companies of Texan- srolun*
teers called into service at that time, .
