1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
Oon-
lent. /
V
resolution, and therefore I did not come prepared
to offer my amendment. I repeat the expression
of my wish that the Senate will not agree to the
motion of the Senator from Indiana. It will occupy
considerable time in its consideration when'it shall
come up.
Mr. BRIGHT. If it will lead to discussion I
am bound not to press it, but I give notice that I
shall to-morrow, and each succeeding day there-
after, press it upon the attention of the Senate until
it is disposed of, and I hope the Senator from Con-
necticut will come prepared with his amendment.
The motion was then withdrawn.
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the resolution submitted by
Mr. Foote, as amended on the motion of Mr.
Badger, declaring the compromise measures a
definitive settlement of the questions growing out
of the subject of slavery.
The resolution is as follows:
A Resolution declaring the Measures of Adjustment to be a
definitive settlement of the questions growing out of do
mesne slavery.
Bp it enacted, That tile series of measures embraced in
the acts entitled " An act proposing to the State of Texas
the establishment of hci northern and western boundaries,
the relinquishment, by the said State, of all territory claimed
Itv her exterior to said boundaries, and of all her claims
upon the Umted States, and to establish a tcrritoi ial govern-
ment for NewMexico,"approved September 9, 1850; "An
jiet for the admission of the State of California into the
Union," approved September 9, 1850; "An aet to estab-
lish a tetritorial government for Utah," approved Septem-
ber 9, 1850; " An aet to amend 3nd supplementary to ail aet
entitled ' An act respecting fugitives Irom justice, and per-
sons escaping fiom the service of their inasfr-y approved
February 12, 179.5," approved September 18, 1850; and
<< An act to suppress the slave trade in the District of Col-
umbia," approved September 20, 1850, commonly known
as the " Compromise Acts," are, in the judgment of this
body, a settlement in pnnciple and substance—a (inal settle-
ment of the dangerous and exciting subjects which they
embiace, and ought to be adhered toby Congress until time
and experience shall demonstrate the necessity of further
legislation tn guard against evasion or abuse.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, for several
days past I have hoped this resolution could be
disposed of. I have evinced but little anxiety to
participate in this debate, though 1 have thought j
much m relation to the disposition which is to be
made of the resolution which is now before us. 1
must confess that it was a matter of astonishment
when I first met with it in this body. I had ex-
pected nothing of the kmd. The general aspect
of affairs throughout the country seemed to he of
the most favorable character towards the harmo-
nious adjustment of the difficulties which have
excited the community, and 1 had hoped that they
would have been permitted to have taken their
natural course, and that the good sense of the
American people would have regulated these mat-
ters, without the interposition of any deliberative
or legislative body. The contrary, however, has
been the case, and it devolves upon me as a mem-
ber, not only of this body, but of t!ie Democratic
party, to declare my objections to it.
I may say that I occupy no equivocal position
in relation to the matter of the compromise, for I
believe the records of the Senate will prove that I
am the only Senator now upon this floor that voted
for every measure of the compromise. An hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stvr-
geon] also voted for all the provisions of the com-
- promise, but he is no longer a member of this
body. This being my position, T feel at liberty to
acquit myself of all embarrassment, and to pro-
ceed to the investigation of this subject, I hope,
without incurring the suspicion of any design to
conceal or smooth over any portion of my conduct.
I desire, sir, to have no broader platforms than
those now existing and maintained by the two par-
ties of this country. I understand that the Dem-
ocratic party is tolerant in its principles; that they
are not prescriptive; that they are not for applying
the Procrustean rule to every member of the party.
Harmonious as tliey generally are. some gentle-
men of the same party differ essentially upon the
subject of internal improvements. That has been
evinced on former occasions here, within my rec-
ollection, and I believe it extends much further
back than my familiarity with the proceedings of
this body. And not only that, for I have heard
discussions here by the members of the same po-
litical party on the tariff, in regard to which there
was a wide difference of opinion; yet it was not a
ground for proscribing the members of the paity,
or excluding them from participating in all the
rights pertaining to it.
This being my view of the principles of the
party, 1 am perfectly willing that the platform
upon which we have heretofore acted should re-
main as it now is, and has been recognized. If
gentleman have departed from the principles of the
Democratic faith, and they choose to return to the
same platform, I know no objection to their doing
so. They have a right to return at any time they
please, and the mere concurrence with a paper
resolution, unless they feel it here, [laying his hand
' upon his heart,] will never constrain them to coop-
erate with the party in good faith. I have this to
say to gentlemen who are tenacious on this subject,
" Show me your faith without your works, and I
will show you my faith by my works." When this
rule is applied I can see no difficulty in the way of
concurrence of opinion andaction in the Democratic
party. Moreover I object most especially to the
action of this body upon the subject of political
platforms. I understand that the business of the
Senate of the United States—at least I so regard
my own duty—is legislative employment, and not
to construct political party fabrics for the people.
I would defer to the pressure from without, but I
should not expect to benefit the community by
radiating from this point, influences of opinions
that savor too much of centralism. Centralism
is the danger against which the States have to
guard; and if our legislayon has this tendency, as
has been complained of—I do not say it has—but
if such dangers are to be apprehended from legis-
lative action, are they not much more to be ilreaded
by converting the Senate of the United States into
a political machine ? I never will agree to this, sir.
I will never exercise a function ill this body that
is not clearly delegated by the relation which I
bear to my constituency, anil for which I was sent
here.
It is a principle which is orthodox, and essential
to the Democratic party, that the citizen, in a re-
public, is to delegate no power that he can conve-
niently exercise himself; and the powers which he
cannot, conveniently exercise he delegates to his
represenlative, who is to perform the functions for
him. If I am correct in this, whenever the pow-
ers delegated are diverted from the objects to
which they ought to be directed, it is an applica-
tion of tiiem which is foreign to the rights of the
people; and therefore I will never exercise any
power, which I may have in this body, towards
creating sentiment at home, when 1 ought, in jus-
tice, to derive that sentiment from my constitu-
ency. We have seen the effect of it in days gone
by. I do not say it for the purpose of awakening
any feelings or reminiscences that would be un-
pleasant, but is it not within the recollection of
members of this body, that opinions which were
sent from here to tiie several States throughout
the South, had a powerful influence in producing
the excitement which existed in the country? I
was opposed to all this, because I deemed that the
people throughout this Union were sufficiently in-
telligent to appreciate their true condition, and
that if there was a necessity for correcting evils
that might grow up in the country, they would
have an ample opportunity, at the ballot-box, for
exercising their powers in correcting them. These
are my opinions in relation to this matter. If the
Democratic platform and the Whig platform are
not broad enough for all to occupy, let the people
put on any additional plank which they deem
needful. We know not but that we, by enlaigin",
may induce an accession too great for theplatfoim
to bear, and it may break asunder.
Resolutions similar to the one under considera-
tion were introduced into a caucus of the Demo-
cratic members of the other House, and met with
little favor there; some fifty to thirty rejected it.
It was not introduced into a caucus of Senators,
or I presume it would have met with as little favor.
But it has found its way into this body; for what
purpose? For the purpose of benefiting a party
that was acting, I believe, harmoniously. Some
differences of opinion existed, as is always the
case, and always will be; but how easy would it
have been within a short time for all these aspeii-
ties of feeling to have worn out, and enabled the
members of each party to act harmoniously.
Mr. FOOTE. Does the Senator intend to inti-
mate that I had any party purpose in view in in-
troducing this resolution?
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot believe that the
Senator had, and would be sorry to believe that
there was any individual purpose in it. Cut cer-
tainly it was not an emanation of party, and- the
gentleman has the privilege of disclosing of it in a
manner suitable to himsejf. _
Mr. FOOTE. I did not introduce it as a party
man.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have witnessed with con-
cern the proceedings of this body for some days"
past. I have been silent, for if no older person
than myself were present, there were Senators here
who are more familiar with the proceedings of the
body than I am, and to them I deferred the duty *•
and privilege of regulating the conduct "of Sena-
tors, if it was not in accordance with the practice
of the body, and I looked moreover to an enlight-
ened President. For myself, having occupied no
great portion of the time of this body, I shall
claim the privilege of proceeding without interrup-
tion, unless for the purpose of correction of some
misstatement which I may make in the progress
of my speech. My disposition is never to pro-
voke interruption or produce annoyance to honor-
able members of this body, and I cannot suspect
that any one would hare the design of annoying
me; but every Senator must be aware that such
things must be unpleasant, if not discourteous.
I should think, Mr. President, according to the
rule which I have laid down, that if we were to
pass resolutions in this body, or if joint resolutions
were passed by Congress, prescribing the faith of
either party, or what their principles should be,
that every one who did not come within the exact
measure prescribed would be reproachfully treated,
or at least arrayed at the tribunal of party, fiot
where he would have a hearing, because he would
be excluded. He would not have the privilege of
a hearing. Sir, I am for leaving to every gentle-
man's own conscience, and to the high niotive of
love of country and patriotism, to determine with
which party he will act, and how far he will act
with it. If the representative of a party is brought
forward and that representative is sustained, though
not agreeing in opinion with all of those who
elected him, I should say that he was entitled to
its consideration, and that he should be received
by the members of that party, because as long as
a man remains within it he is bound by its general
principles.
It is the boast of the Democratic party, I beheve,
that it is the true conservative party ofthecountry,
though, at the same time, it is the boast of every
political party. ) will not deprive either of them
of the agreeable assurance. But, sir, if the Dem-
I ocratic party is truly conservative, 1 think the
I platform upon which it now stands is wide enough,
1 broad enough, to embrace the whole Union, if it
j is not lam not a member of it. 1 know" that I
[ have been arraigned for having been too latitudin-
ous in my feelings; but 1 must confess that my
country seems not too largo to love, to cherish,
and support. Then, sir, if the object of the party
is conservatism, and to preserve what we believe
the true constitutional principles of the Govern-
ment, whoever loves and supports that Constitu-
tion strictly, is my fellow. 1 know how the Con-
stitution was formed. It was by concessions made
by the several States, or by grants of certain pow-
ers that were to remain in the federal Government;
but these delegated functions were to be exercised
by it for the benefit of the whole. So far the Fed-
eral Government has rights, but no further. The
States were free, sovereign, and independent, until
these concessions were made. The Federal Gov-
ernment became the repository of delegated pow-
ers, and there they remain for the benefit of the
several States. The States, m the full enjoyment
of the powers reserved, are independent within
their sphere and subject, to no control from the
Federal Government. These are my opinions, and
I believe they agree with the Democratic faith.
Incidentally various subjects have arisen in this
body since I have been a member of it, and upon
all these I have recorded my opinions. I know
they have been at variance, on some occasions,
with my party, or rather the party with which I
act—I will not call it mine; i belong to it. As
some of them have been incidentally adverted to,
I feel bound to take up more tune m some explan-
atory remarks in regard to mv course, than I should
otherwise have any disposition to do.
;i One thing 1 must be permitted to say. On this
i compromise, which appears to be again brought
into this body, and the several measures of which
have produced divisions in the Democratic party,
I acted, to be sure, with the majority; but because
