1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
■vicinity of Augusta, Georgia, an arsenal under the
direction of the Ordnance Department; and they
ask that, from its location, the dryness and sa-
lubrity of the climate, the great and increasing fa-
cilities of communication with the seaboard and the
interior, Congress should take into consideration
the propriety of increasing the number of arms
placed in that arsenal. They also ask that inas-
much as a canal has been cut through the lands
which inclose the arsenal, by which thereis created
a fine water power, such machinery may be erected
as may be necessary to preserve the arms, and put
them in proper order in time of emergency. I move
that the resolutions be printed and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC EXPENDITURES. !i
Mr. DAWSON. I have also received, Mr. I;
President, a petition from a number of citizens of i,
Harris county, in the State of Georgia, men known \>
to myself to be very respectable, asking of Con- j
gress to take into consideration the public expend- |j
ltures of the country. They state that they have j1
seen a charge that the Administration of this Gov- ! i
eminent is chargeable for these large disbursements
of the public revenue; and they ask whether it is i!
not within the power of Congress to restrain it?
whether any officer of this Government, or in the
Administration, can use the public money without
an appropriation first being made by Congress?
They make this request in order that a report may [
be set before the country to ascertain whether ]
the executive or the legislative department is re- j
sponsible for these vast appropriations. They
also state that they have seen, with alarm, the in- '
crease of what are called mail liu-Uities by the j
Genera! Government, appropriating large sums of [
money for the construction of ocean steamers.
They ask that Congress may take that subject into ■'
consideration, and ascertain whether that system
is kept up merely for the purpose of gratifying '
national pride, or whether it is for the convenience
of the country at large. The same petitioners also
enter their protest against the extension of Wood- ,
worth's patent. I move that this portion of the i
petition may be referred to the Committee on Pat- 1
ents and the Patent Office; and that the remain- '•
der of it may be referred to the Committee on |
Finance. ;
Mr. BRADBURY. I think part of that memo-
rial ought to go to the Committee on Retrench- '
ment. !
Mr. DAWSON. I would ask of the gentleman |
from Maine, who is at the head of that committee, ;
whether they would probably report on the sub- I
ject.
Mr. BRADBURY. We will endeavor to let I
the gentleman from Georgia understand that there I
is such a committee, if he will make tii.it reference. '
Mr. DAWSON. As the memorial treats ot'
financial questions, I thought it would lie proper !
to refer it to the Committee on i''inatirc.
Mr. RUSK, f think it would be better to refer '
it to the Baltimore or Philadelphia Convention.
[Laughter.]
The motion to refer was agreed to. '
woomvoim-f PATENT.
Mr. BORLAND. ! present the memorial of a
number of citizens of Arkansas", among whom T
recognize the name of tli" Governoi, and mn*t of
the principal office!s of the State, remonstrating
against the further extension of the Wood worth
patent for a planing machine. In presenting it, £ |
deem it proper to say that it" it had been received 'j
under ordinary circumstances, as [ have received i
many others of the same kind, I should not have |
attached a great deat of importance to it. But it 11
is accompanied by a letter from a gentleman of
my State, Mr. George Brodie, a man of remarkable
intelligence, and perhaps one of the best mechan-
ics in the United States, who, from his general
understanding of the subject, and his observation
throughout the Western country, is well qualified
to give information on this mutter. He points out
in his letter very strong, and. to my mind, satis- •
factory reasons why no further extension of that
patent should be granted. I have deemed it proper I
to say thus much in regard to the memorial on ^
presenting it. I move that it be referred to the 'i
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office. i
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. i{
On motion by Mr. CLAIIKE, it was j I
Ordered, That the petition of Nancy Bowen, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mv. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Sarah Crandall, on the
flies of the Senate, be rofeired to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS, it was
Ordered, That the documents on the file* of the Senate,
relating to thy claim of Jim Capeis,be reieired to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That Henry H. Marsh have leave to withdraw
tlie documents on the files of the Senate, relating to his
claim.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, I feel it due to
myself, as well as to the Senate, to make a short
explanation of a circumstance which occurrcd
here some ten days ago, and which, I fear, may
have been misapprehended. On Friday week last,
I was about to leave here for the North. On the
morning of that day, supposing that the bill for
the relief of Elizabeth Arnold had, by a vote of
the Senate, been laid upon the table, I moved that
it be taken from the table and reinstated 011 the
Calendar. 1 was under the impression that it had
been laid on the table; and when I made the mo-
tion the Senate very courteously acceded to it, and
ordered the bill to be reinstated on the Calendar.
About an hour afterwards, I was told by the Sec-
retary at the desk that the bill had been rejected
and not laid upon the table. A debate was going
on, and I could make no personal explanation to
the Senate; nor had I any opportunity to move
that the Senate recede from the vote ordering the
bill to be reinstated on the Calendar; but, being;
about to go away, I requested my fiiend from
North Carolina [Mr. Badger] to make a state-
ment of the facts, and ask the Senate to reeede
from that vote and put the bill in the same condi-
tion that it was before I made my motion. Fear-
ing, however, that he might forget it, I requested
tlie Secretary to remind him of it, so that it should
certainly be done. Yesterday, on my return, I
found, on conversation with the Senator fiom New
Jersey, that that explanation had not been given,
and that the Chair, feeling himself bound to do so,
had stated to the Senate the facts so far as they
were within his knowledge.
1 make this explanation now, merely for the
purpose of assuring the Senate that I made the
motion under an entire misapprehension as to the
disposition which had been made of the bill. 1
supposed that it had been laid on the table and not
rejected. On that supposition, I made the request
which was so courteously complied with by the
Senate. If my honorable friend from North Caro-
lina, who happened to be out of the Chamber at
the moment of adjournment on that day, had been
piesent al that time, the vote would have been
receded fiom. I went away, supposing that it had
been done; and I have taken the first opportunity,
on my return, to make this explanation, for the
purpose of showing that it was from an entire
misapprehension that the course proposed by
myself was adopted by the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to explain, m this con-
nection, why I appeared negligent of the request
made by the Senator from Rhode Island. I uid
not either forget or overlook it; but a debate was
goini; on nl the time he made it, and while the
debate was going on, I stepped out of the Senate
chambcr for a moment, having no idea at all that
the debate would be concluded, or an adjournment
moved before I should return. On returning,
however, after an absence of about live minutes,
I met the Senators leaving the chamber, the Sen-
ate having adjourned.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will take occa-
sion to state that, on bringing the subject to the
attention of the Senate, he said expressly that the 1
motion was made by a mistake of the Senator ;
from Rhode Island, and therefore he did not direct
it to be put on the Journal. He considered that
the motion was not really made, inasmuch as the j
order of business precluded it.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES. !
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on 1
Indian Affairs, to which was referred the bill for
the redemption of certain Choctaw annuities, re- I
ported it without amendment, and submitted a re- '
port on the subject; which was ordered to be !
printed. ;
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on the 1
District of Columbia, to which the memorial of
citizens of the District of Columbia, and a reso-
lution passed by the Legislate of Maryland,
were referred, reported a bill for the improvement
of Maiyland avenue, fro'm the Capitol to the turn-
pike road leading to Baltimore, and for making
free and improving that road as far as the District
line; winch was read, and passed to the second
reading. He submitted a report on the subject,
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a report of the Secretary of "War of
the 24th March, reported a bill directing a survey
and estimate of the cost of constructing a canaS
basin at the terminus of the Ohio and Chesapeake
canal, in Georgetown; which was read and passed
to the second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Mary E. D.
Blaney, widow of the late Major George Blaney,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for her
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The repoit was ordeied to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was refenedthe petition of John
A. Lynch, submitted a report, accompanied by a
biH for his relief; which was read and passed to the
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the memorial of
Mary F. B. Levely, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for her relief; which was read and
passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
ST. GENEVIEVE PLANK ROAD.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to grant the right of
way to the St. Genevieve, Iron moantam, Pilot
Knob Plank Road Company; which was read a
first time and ordered to a second reading,
Mr. GEYER. J hope that bill will be con-
sidered now. It proposes nothing but to grant the
rijlit of way to the plank road company from St.
Genevieve, and Iron mountain, to Pilot Knob.
It will hardly take five minutes to pa^s it; and it
is important that it should be passed at an early
day. The road is one of great importance, and
persons are engaged now in entering the lands. I
do not know of any instance in which the request
has been refused when reasonably asked for.
No objection being made, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that the right of way
shall be granted to said company for the road now
in process of construction between St. Genevieve
and Iron mountain, so called, in Missouri: and
authorizes them to locate said road through any
of the public lands of the United States which lie
on the route selected for the location of the road,
to survey and mark through said public lands a
tract on the side of the road of one hundred feet m
width; and furthermore, an additional quantity of
twenty-five feet in width along each side of the
road; which land shall be reserved frona sale, and
shall be vested in the State of Missouri for the use
of said Plank Road Company forever, and for no
other use. It enacts, further, that the company
shall have the privilege to cut and use all such
timber, and use all such stone, gravel, and other
materials on the public lands of the United States,
as may be necessary for the construction and re-
pair of the road, to erect such buildings, <fcc., as
the same may require, use such water as may be
wanted, and cross such streams as may be neccs-
saiy for the completion and use of the road; pro-
vided, that said company, when said plank road
shall be completed, shall carry the mails of the
> United States on such terms as, the Postmaster
I General may be enabled to contract for similar
j service with other plank road companies.
j The bill was reported to the Senate without
' amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. BORLAND. I rise, Mr. President, to
make a report—a somewhat informal, and perhaps
anomalous, one—from the Committee on Printing.
It is, perhaps, known to the Senate, or at least
to many members of it, that a new arrangement
has been, or is about to be made for the execution
of the public printing. In view of this, I deem it
