1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Now, sir, when all this outcry is made about
our expenses—*ind I do not think the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Howard] has indulged in it,
but it hat? come from other quarters—we are not
only to have Texas included within the_provisions
of this bill, but we are to have Utah and Califor-
nia added 10 the bill by the Senafe. We are to
have an expense of $1,000,000 entailed upon this
country by this bill through these amendments
from the Senate, and it is an ungracious task to
oppose it. The c.ry is, ''the frontiers are in
danger; the Indians me commitmg devastations;
men, women, nnd child ten are murdered, aud prop-
erty is being destroyed."
But I want to make a remark for the sake of
future refeience. and to let the country know how
the expenditures are inci eased. I-commend the
forbearance and pamotism.of gentlemen from the
West and North, who give their votes day and
day, for these appropriations, without raising any
objection. Those ,who are an anxious to protect,
the frontiers, turn a deaf par to rli* demand of
protection by American laborers. Thousands of
lives and millions of dollars are lost on the western
■waters for want of a river and harbor bill, but the
Senate will not allow the country to have such a
bill. You must adjourn at one or two o'clock on
Fridays and S.Uurd iys, and cannot sit five or six
hours for the purpose of getting through that bill.
Millions of property are destroyed bv snags in the
Mississippi and Ohm rivers, and life there does
not seem to be regarded. Hundred" of men are
sunk by a single swag in the Mississippi; and thn
is all right; but let an Indian kill a white man upon
the frontiers, and you go to the expenseof millions
of dollars. I do not object to all proper expend-
iture for this purpose, but I wish to see justice
done to other parts of the country. These extra-
ordinary expense* have notcome from this House.
Let the Senate bear the responsibility of this act.
JVc are to be abused and censured for lo^s of time,
and it may be all right to favor the gentlemen who
would fasten this immense appropriation upon
us, without any committee of this Irlouse bavins:
passed upon it, or having examined it. ] shall
not call the yeas and nays upon it, but 1 shall not
vote for the bill as it stands, for I have not had
a chance to examine it. Let the responsibility
of this immense expenditure, which, in less than
twelvemonths will amount to more than §1,000,0U0,
be upon the heads of those who advocate it, and
not upon us.
Mr. BISSELL. It is the duty of the Govern-
ment to protect its citizens upon the frontiers, or
it is not. If it is not, then this bill ought not to
be here at all; and, being here, it ought to be voted
down—not the Senate amendments only, but the
entire bill. If it be conceded that it is our duty to
protect those citizens, then we must do so, cost
what it may; though we ought, doubtless, to have
due regard to the economy as well as the efficiency
of the mode we may adopt of performing that
dufv.
The most important of these Senate amend-
ments contains a well-guarded provision for rais-
ing. if, in the opinion of the Executive, it becomes
necessary to do so, a forue of volunteer mounted
rangers, not to exce< d five hundred in number, to
opeiare in defense of the fromieis: and, though
raided for one yeir, they aie ha'ue to be discharged
the very moment the ne^sity which called them
forih shall i-eas^e to exist, i doubt whether the
genileman from North Carolina [Mr. Stahi y] can
devise any better mode uf accomplishing ihe ob-
ject.
Mr. STANLY. Such af. >rce is tlvee times as
expensive as tint of the regular Army; and we
give the President the power to call them into ser-
vice v. hen '"fwinis them.
Mr. lUS-S^Lf,. On the question of lehittve
cost, the ge"ioii.n *, I think, is clen<1 y iu s'aken.
Bur has lie no confidence in the disci et'oii of the
Pres dent:
Mi. STABLY. More than you have, i sus-
pect.
Mr. Uf *>sELL. I have safn-ient faith in the
present Executive cheerfully to intrust him with
this discretionary power. [ have no thought that
Mr. Fillmore will call out the rangers provided for
by this Nil, unless it becomes indispensable to do
so for the protection of the lives and property of
our citizens. Nor do Near that any man likely
to be chosen to the Presidency in future will exer-
cise the very plain powers conferred by this biii
unwisely. I feel quite sure that Mr. Pi eh-,e will
n-/t, and 1 do not think any other man will have
the opportunity, at least not lor tour or five yeurs
to come.
It is incumbent upon us, beyond all question,
to pioteci, by some means, tho&e fronttei citizens
from the hostile savages with which they are sur-
rounded. We ought to protect them effectually.
hjs a crying sm against us that we have delayed
that protection so long. The best, the most effect-
ual, the most "economical mode of doing it, is, in
my judgment, that provided for by the bill now
before us. It is true,,we have a regular Army,
which, to some, may seem sufficient for all our
necessities. But this which we are now consid-
ering is a peculiar service, requiring for us proper j
periorumuce a particular description of force—
mounted rangeis. The foe is the wild Indian; |
his mode of warfare thatcommou to his race. He
makes his descent upon the settler stealthily and
suddenly, and retreats again to his place of con-
cealment as rapidly as his fleet horse can carry >
him. Of what use are infantry or artillery here? |
Who but mounted, rangers, men living upon the |
spot, acquainted with' inuian habits, practiced m
border warfare,and, to some extent, familiar with
the country, can operate eifectively against such
a foe? Nor is it a small consideration that the
men liable to be called into service under this bill
would feel the additional stimulus imparted by the
knowledge that they were lighting tor the protec-
tion ot their own firesides. The comparatively
small mounted force belonging to our regular Ar-
my is scattered, in detached corps, from one ex-
treme of the Tjftion to the other. They could not,
without gieat expense, be marched from Oregon,
for instance, or other iemote points, to the bor-
ders of Texas; nor is it probable that that could
ever be done in so short a tune as to answer any
good purpose.
Mr. <jH UDING-3. With the gentleman's per-
mission i will propound to him a question. I care
nothing about the&e presidential matters. I wish
to inquire why the necessity of this increase ot
the Army? If the troops we have there are not
fit for service, in Heaven's name why not dis-
charge them, and secure those that are ? My ob-
jection is to an increase of the Army,and the con-
sequent increase of expenditure." We have an
Army upon hand for the protection of the Union,
and if they are not capable of protecting it, why
not dischatge them and appoint others?
Mr. BiS-dkLL. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. GiddingsJ considers the regular Army alb
sufficient for the purposes contemplated in this bill.
1 have already explained, in part, my reasons for
thinking otherwise. Suppose it were attempted
to carry out the views of that gentleman, what,
probably, would be the result? An emergency
arises, consequent upon Indian ravages, requiring
the instant presence of a military force, say on
the frontier of Texas. Mounted troops—the only
ones that could be of any possible use—might
then be ordered from Oregon, and other distant
points. The expense of transportation would be
enoimous, and the unavoidable delay such as to
render the movement wholly nugatory. Before
the troops could arrive at their place of destination
the nece.vsiiy for their presence would have passed
away; our citizens will have been slaughter* d,
their plantations devastated, and the Indians t>y
whom the outrages were commuted will have
found safety in their mountain fastnesses.
Mr. UNDOINGS. Why not take the troops
from Fort Washington, and the Atlantic coast,
where they are of no use?
Mr. BISSELL. Because, first, the cost of
transporting them to thp points at which troops
might be needed on the frontier would more than
equal, pro!,ably, the expense of raising all the !
force needed right in the vicinity of the \
tioubles.^ auJ, secoidiy, because, as I have al- I
ready said, they are not that description of troops !
requioite for tins service. 1
Mr. U-fDUtNUS. Are they of any use where
they are J
Mr. BISSELL. Perhaps so, perhaps not. )
do not answer for that; and it is quite clear that
whether they are or are not useful, our exposed
citizens on the western frontiers are free from
responsibility on that score.
Although the bill authorizes the President to
call for as many as five hundred volunteers, yet it
does not follow that in any event which may arise
he will call for even half that number. He will
exercise a sound discretion, and accept the ser-
vices of only so many as the exigency of the case
may require. Perhaps not more than a hundred
will ever be called for under this law; perhaps not
one; and those, few' or many, who may be re-
ceived into the service are to be retained only so
long as there may be actual necessity for it; and
they are only to receive pay accordingly. A sud-
den incursion of the Ind-ians may make it neces-
sary on the instant to raise a company of fit" y or
one hundred Texan rangeis. in twenty days
they may have performed the requisite service,
when they will receive their discharge and return
to their respective homes. But instead of this
simple and natural mode of accomplishing a plain
but most important object, gentlemen would have
us incur the expense and delay of transporting
regular soldiers to the scene of hostilities—soldiers
who, from the nature of the service to be per-
formed, are worthless when they get there.
Mr. G-IDDINGS. 1 did not intend any such
thing.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I would like to in-
quire of the gentleman from Illinois what number
of the regular troops of the Army are now sta-
tioned in I'exas?
Mr. BISSfiLL. The precise number I do riot
now recollect. 1 believe, however, the number to
be amply sufficient for the protection of the fron-
tiers of that State if they were the right description
of troops; but they are not. Three hundred
mounted Texan rangers are worth, for Indian
fighting, twice the number of regular troops now
in Texas.
Mr. FULLER. I believe there is something
like one third of the regular Army now there.
Mr. BISSELL. Very probably. But for any
use they are of m the way we are now consider-
ing, they mi ht just as well be taken away.
Mr. DISNEY. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state a fact. Some time last summer, 6
fell in company with General Garland, who, 1 un-
derstand, is in command of that frontier. 1 asked
him to explain to me, if he could, why these out-
rages and depredations continued upon that fron-
tier, what kind of troops were necessary to pre-
vent them, and how many? His reply to me was,
" My dear sir, I have troops enough now there,
c if it is the wilt of the American Congress, to
* exterminate every indian between the Atlantic
* and Pacific oceans." "What, then," I in-
quired, " is the cause of them ?" " Why, sir,"
said he, <4 the whole difficulty lies here: the State
' of Texas gives license to white men to mingle
* and trade among the Indians, and they keep
'them in a state of insubordination." He paid,
repeating his remark, " I have men enough to
exterminate every Indian between the two oceans."
Mr. BISSELL. 1 should like to know, then,
why the gallant General has permitted so many
outrages and so much slaughtering to be done by
the Indians on that frontier? Surely it were an
easier task to protect that frontier, tnan to exterm-
inate all the Indians between the two oceans.
Mr. DfSNEY. I tell the tale as it was told to
me.
Mr. BISSELL. Yes, but you were not told
the whole tale. The General, if I am not misin-
formed, is not upon the frontiers of Texas at all—
perhaps not within two or three hundred miles of
the scene of difficulties. On the contrary he is at
a post quite in the interior. Had he been differ-
ently suuated, and with more experience in Indian
warfare upon that frontier, he might have formed
a different estimate as to what could be done with
the Indians with his small force. Though I doubt
not that, with that force, he could accomplish all
that any man could, for I regard him as an excel-
lent and orave officer. But the fact ihat these
aunvijies have continued, notwithstanding rhe
presence of such a force in Texas, is conclusive
that someihmg else is requisite to be done. And
I repeat the expression of my own deliberate con-
viction, that that "something" necessary to be
done is wisely and economically provided for in
the bill now before us. Give the President the
discretionary power to call for rangers when the
necessity arises, under the restrictions provided
in the bill, it being incumbent upon him to dis-
charge them the moment the necessity ceases, and
you have done all that is requisite for the projec-
tion of the frontiers, and done it effectually.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. 1 would ask the
