1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
proper for myself, and my duty to the Senate, to
suite, m my place here, what has been done by the
committee in regard to il. ]
For this purpose I will read certain resolutions !
adopted by the Committee on Printing. :
The first resolution, adopted on the 8th of tills
month, is m these words;
" Resolved, That the committee enter into a contract
witli Do'ielson & Aim-Urong to do the future printing of the
present Congress in the House, and with Gideon & Co. tor
the Senate, upon s«cli terms as shall be agreed upon hero-
Adopted. Yeas—Smith, of the Senate, and
Gorman, Stanton, and Haven, of the House—4;
Nays—Borland and Hamlin, of the Senate—3.
The second resolution, adopted on the 12th,
(this day,) is in these words;
" Rc^oh-sd. That fur :v- much of the public printing as may
be U^emed netiessaiy 'n\ the committee to lemedy ?,ny neti-
!ectdi'ijiy on the [nrt of the coiitiactoi, Mr. Haiudton,
to execute the work ordered by Congie*;-, tlie peisons doin^
the work, undei the dirpeuon of this committee, ho allowed
the same price ;i- contained in Mr. Rives''* bid lor printing
i'or the Thirty-second Congress: Froi-idcd, Thatm no case
shall pay l.e ailoved toi doubie composition."
Adopted. Yeas—Smith, of the Senate, and
Gorman, Stanton,and Haven, of the House—4;
Nay—Ha:.ilin of the Senate—1.
The third resolution is in these words;
" Re*oh-crl, ThatMi (ioRHtv confer with Messrs. Don-
elson &. Armstrong, and with Messis. Gideon & Co., and
get from tneoi, m wntunr, their acceptance or non-aecept-
ance ot the foregoing proposition.5'
Adopted, April 12—no dissent.
Mr. President, it is due to myself to remark
the fact, that these resolutions of the Printing
Committee were adopted without my concurrence.
E was present when the iirst was adopted, and |
was absent when the last two were adopted. '
In my opinion, the committee have the power |
here exercised under the joint resolution of Au-
gust 3, 1846, under which the Committee on Print- 1
jng was raised, and under which it has acted up
to this time, and is now acting.
There are many members of both Houses of
Congress, and particularly of the Senate, who dis-
sent from this opinion—who do not believe the
committee have any such power; but, on the con-
trary, believe th.it, when there is a failure on the
part of the contractor, as in the present instance,
to comply with his obligations, as to time and the :
quality ot his work, it becomes the duty, as it is
only their authority, to bring the whole subject
before Congress, as one that can be legitimately
disposed of by Congress alone, by additional le-
gislation, instead of disposing of it definitively by |
the action of the committee-, and thisdilFerenee of
opinion I am bound to hold in high respect.
I repeat, however, that 1 do entertain, and un-
hesitatingly express, as I have well considered, |
the opinion that the committee do, technically, ;
or in the terms of the law, have this power even j
to the extent they have exercised it in this case, j
But while 1 hold this opinion as to the power
itself, I am equally clear in the opinion, and as
unhesitatingly express it, that it has been im-
properly exercised in this case. And that this is
so, I remind the Senate that it has been done in
part against my vote, when I was present, and
altogether without my concurrence or approval.
In justice to myself, and to the Senate committee
too, I must state further, that I think the process
by which this improper action of the joint com-
mittee has been consummated has been, in itself,
equally improper. 1 think the rule which obtains
in joint committees—which are in their constitution
like committees of conference, and should ill their
powers and action represent equally each its re-
spective House—has been violated. That rule, as
I understand and believe, requires a majority of
each committee to make a concurrent vote of the
two ora final decision of the joint committee upon
any'question before them. Ill this opinion, how-
ever as in the others ! have presented, a majority
of the Senate committee have been overruled by
the vote of the House conjoined wttli that of one
member of the Senate committee. .
This statement, Mr. President, as plain and as
brief as I could make it, places the mattei of toe
public printing, as affected by the present action
of the committee, fairly befoie the benate. It is
for the Senate itself to consider aim determine what
shall be done, if anything, in regard to it. _ _
For myself, believing that this action ot the joint
committee has not been proper—believing that the
policy adopted by the committee is wrong m itsei,,
has been adopted by improper means, and requires
wrong- to be done, though by authority of law—I
cannot, with my sense of self-iespect and of duty
to myself and the public interest, become the in-
strument (as i should be as chairman of the com-
mittee) ot its consummation.
Without disrespect, therefore, to any of the
committee, and without undertaking to censure
what they have done, I conclude by asking the
Senate to excuse me from further service on the
Committee on Printing.
The request was complied with, and on motion
by Mr. Gwin, and by unanimous consent, it was
Ordered*, That the President of the Senate fill the va-
cancy on the committee.
The President appointed Mr. Rusk.
DISTRICT JUDGE OF ILLINOIS.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be le-
que-ted to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
salary of the judge of the district court of the United States
lor the district of Illinois, to the sum of $2,000 per annum.
NEW MAIL ROUTE -
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following reso-
j lution; which was agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Committee <*a the Post Office and
j Po&t Rouds be requested to inquire into the expediency of
i establishing a mail lonte " from Jerseyviile, in Illinois, via
| Jer^y Landing and Portage des Sioux, to St. Charles, in
! Missouri."
i COMMISSIONER TO CHINA,
j Mr. BADGER submitted the following reso-
; lution; which was agreed to:
j Resolved. That the Committee on Foreign Relations 111-
i quite into the expediency of allowing an outfit to the Coin-
1 mis-ionet to China.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
| Mr. HUNTER, agreeably to previous notice,
• asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill appro-
priating land-scrip in full and final satisfaction of
I Vngima military bounty laud warrants; which
: was lead a first and second time by its title, and
| leferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
| Mr. MORTON, a^ree'ably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring m a bill to au-
! thorize the sale of reserved lands, and for other
I purposes; which was read a first and second time
! by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
: he Lands.
| MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE,
i A message was received from the House of
j Representatives, by Mr. Porxey, its Clerk, an-
i jiouncinff that it had passed a bill entitled '* An act
• for the relief of the legal representatives of James
i C. Watson, of Geoigia: and that it had agreed to
! the fust, and disagreed to the second amendment
of the Senate to their amendment to the joint res- j:
oluUoti to authorize the continuance of the work
upon the two wm s of the Capitol.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives (
of James C. Watson, was read a first and second ,
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
An act for the relief of Frances E. Baden; and
An act for the relief of Anna Norton and Lewis
i Foskit.
! ORDER OF BUSINESS.
' Mr. BRADBURY. I now move that the Sen-
ate pioceed to the consideration of the bill to pro-
vide for the ascertainment and satisfaction of claims
i of American citizens for spoliations committed by
the French prior to July 3], 1801.
The PRESIDENT. There are some bills on
1 the table which the Chair **ill put upon their pas-
. sa°"e with the consent of the Senate.
Mr. BRADBURY. They can be taken up any
other time.
1 Mr. GWIN. I hope we will take up the unini-
j ished business of Thursday last. We then ad-
journed in the midst of a vote, because there was
no quorum present.
Mr. HUNTER. Before the vote is taken on
, the motion, I think it would be better to dispose of
the bills upon the table. 1 hope that course will
be taken. , . •
Mr. BRADBURY. I have no objection to
disposing of those bills if my motion will stand
j next in order. I supposed that it was thecommou
understanding that the French spoliation bill would
be taken up this morning, yet I find several Sena-
tors proposing to press other bills.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest a compromise
to my friend from Maine, that, whether his motion
is agreed to or not, it shall be the common under-
standing that if he allows the bills upon that table
to be disposed of his motion will then be taken up
and disposed of.
Mr. BRADBURY. Very well.
The PRESIDENT. The joint resolution pro-
viding for the continuance of the work upon the
two wings of the Capitol has been returned from
the House with the following message:
Resolred, That the House of Representatives agree to
the first amendment, and disagree to tile second amendment
of tile Senate to ttie amendment of tlifi House to tile joint
ru^ointion to authoiize the continuance of tile work upon
the two wings of the Capitol.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to concur in the action
of the House.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am admonished that this
will lead to debate, and therefore rene%v my mo-
tion to postpone all prior order to take up the
French spoliation bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the resolution of the
House will be acted upon; it will lead to no de-
bate. Let us finish one tiling at a time. I give
notice that, if we postpone prior orders, I am
ready with the deficiency bill, and will struggle to
get it up,
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. HALE. 1 hope the Senator from Maine
will not press his motion. I think this other
measure should be disposed of now; and besides
that, I must insist on having the compromise
finality resolutions taken up, if other matters are
brought forward. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. I dislike to interpose, but
I have been waiting a week or two for a chance
to get the action of the Senate upon the territorial
business. The House of .Representatives has set
apart next Monday for the disposition of such
business. There are three or four territorial bills
here, which it is necessary to pass; and I shall
appeal to the Senate to take them up—they will
probably take but an hour or two—either to-day or
to-morrow. 1 feel it my duty to give this notice,
because if they are not passed in time to be re-
ferred to, and reported from, the committee in the
House, before Monday next, tliey will have to go
over to next session.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to state to the Senate,
that we adjourned on Thursday evening, on the
taking of the yeas and nays on a question, which
was thoroughly debated, and can now be disposed
of in a short time. 1 hope that it, being the un-
finished business, will be taken up now.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to say that the Senator
from Ohio (Mr. Chase] is now absent, in the
Supieine Court room, and he desired me to say
that, when the bill to which the Senator from Cal-
ifornia refers, comes up, he desires to submit his
views. He has prepared some tabular statements
upon it; which he will submit to the Senate, and
at his request I ask that this subject may be post-
poned until he returns.
Mr. GWIN. We can send for him very soon.
Mr! BRADBURY. 1 supposed that it was the
common understanding that, after two months
time, the courtesy of the Senate would be extended
to-day, to considering and acting upon the bill
which I have moved to take up. I therefore in-
sist upon my motion, and hope the yeas and nays
will be ordered upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
, Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 beg to inform the
Senate once more that, if they intend to pass the
i Cumberland dam bill, they ought to do it now. If
' we intend to do anything for that work, time is
1 passing by, and it is time to put t.ho hands to work;
! I theicfore hope that will have the precedence after
! you have got your Capitol bill disposed of, and
I appropriations for other quarters. I do notintend
i to make any speech about it; if the Senate will
take it up, I am for voting upon it.
I The PRESIDENT. The question is upon the
I motion of the Senator from Maine, to postpone all
j prior orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
I named by him. , , T
Mr UNDERWOOD. I know that; and I pre-
: sent this as a reason why I think weouffht to vote
i it down, and take up the Cumberland dam bill
.! preference to his bill.
