136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dee. 22,
in this country. Sir, I again say there is no prac-
ticability in this resolution. It may be adapted to
a peculiar platform in Mississippi; but it is not a
suitable platform for the Democratic party of this
whole country.
I do not expect to occupy any of the time of
the Senate by adverting to matters in connection
with myself. But at the conclusion of the last
session of Congress, I was attacked by a then
•meftiber of the Senate- from South Carolina, in a
manner of which I cannot refrain from speaking.
A publication had appeared over my name in a
letter a'ddressed to a gentleman, and in which
some error had accidently occurred in transcrib-
ing. I was attacked as having charged upon
South Carolina certain principles which were not
contained in her constitution. It was said that
what was in her constitution was in the constitu-
tion of every other State, and therefore I must
have been either very ignorant of the laws of
South Carolina and the other States, or it was a
very useless charge. It has been my misfortune
to be charged with having assailed the State of
South Carolina. N5w once for all, as I have no
great inclination to be speaking in the Senate or
elsewhere, I will place myself right in relation to
South Carolina. Whenever I have spoken of that
State, I did not allude to the people, but to her
rulers. I did not call in question their patriotism,
but their policy. I had repeatedly been attacked
by citizens of that State; I had been denounced by
the illustrious man, upon whose memory I would
not cast a slur. He is gone, and witli him are
buried all the resentments I might ever have felt;
but my feelings towards him were only those
which resulted from wrongs, real or imaginary,
which I had suffered. 1 have no enmity with him,
bo that I can have no feelings of enmity to gratify
when I allude to South Carolina, or to her most
distinguished citizen. When I speak of her, I do
it witli all deference to her honored Senator, [Mr.
Butler,] who sits before me. I do not agree with
all her institutions; and though she is very tena-
cious in relation to State rights, of which I am a
sincere lover—for I would die before I would see
any of the rights which belong to the States
wrested from them—yet it seems to me that if
South Carolina was as sensitive with regard to her
municipal institutions as she js with regard to her
relations with the Federal Government, she would
perhaps find that she had a great deal to do. In
looking over the constitutions of the various States
of the Union, and comparing them with the Federal
Constitution, 1 have come to the conclusion that
South Carolina is not more liberal in her institu-
tions to her own citizens than are most of the other
States. If the Federal Government were to enact
a law by Congress, approved by the President,
dictating to any State or States that they should
not exercise the fullest latitude of suffrage or fran-
chise, it would be deemed a flagrant usurpation,
and no State would submit to it. Suppose Con-
gress, if it had the power, were to pass a law say-
ing to Virginia or iN'ew York", or any other State,
You.shall not permit your citizens to vote for the
electors of President or Vice President; you shall
i'Mt permit them to vote for the Governor of your
fchati^: what Mould be said in reply to this? Why
it would be one of tho most flagrant outrages by
Federal authority that ever was? committed upon
the rights of the State-!. It would be a usurpation
of a mo--'t atrocious eharcietf-T. Yet South Carolina
has never permitted one of her private citizens to
vo't-for the electors for President or Vice Presi-
dent. or to vote for the Governor of the State.
They know no more who is to he voted for as the
Governor, or who is to be voted for as the Chief
Magistrate of the Union, than they know of the
iiucrior of Africa.
I used thp term oligarchy towards the legislative
body ot bonth Carolina, because the constitution
ot tint State is in their power. Such is the rot-
ten-borough system of South Carolina that forty
persons m the lowlands wield as much political
influence as thousands m the uplands. These
weie the objections which I made to the institu-
tions of the State. I made no objection to the
people of the State. I made it to those whom I
believed to be oppressors and usurpers. The
people of_South Carolina are a gallant and daring
people. They are as generous, noble, and warm-
hearted as the sun under which they live. I com-
mend them. But let us recollect that had the gal-
lant Palmetto regiment returned from Chapultepeo,
where it was commanded by the gallant and gen-
erous Butler, who, not satisfied with the inflic-
tion of severe wounds, rushed on bravely, leading
his men on to victory, till he fell, he would not have
had the privilege of voting for the Chief Magis-
trate of his State, or*for electors for the President
and Vice President of the Union. Nor, sir, would
any one of his gallant followers. I say it is
wrong thus to deprive the people of South Caro-
lina of their privileges; and if disunion were to
begin there, no one could blame the highlanders of
South Carolina for drawing a line of demarcation
between oppressors and the oppressed.' But I
would be sorry to see discord of that kind arise.
And there may be policy in Steeping up agitation
against the Federal Government, for some men
would rather be chief in a village than second in
Rome; and it might do very well to create a
diversion by loud complaints against the Federal
authorities, to prevent the people from looking
into their domestic affairs.
1 have on some occasions not had the good for-
tune to act in accordance with the wishes of the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler.] I never have believed, nor will I ever
believe, that one, associated as he is with such
patriotic recollections from the commencement of
the Revolution down to the present day—that he,
in whose veins flows the blood of all the Butlers,
would be wanting in patriotism. I respect his
love of country, though I dissent from him in
some of his opinions.
Mr. President, twenty-seven years ago I had
the honor to occupy a seat in the House of Rep-
resentatives from the State of Tennessee. I recol-
lect that in the discussion of the tariff act of 1824,
for the first time in my life I heard the idea sug-
gested that there might be secession, disunion, or
resistance to the constitutional action of the Fed-
eral Government. When I heard it, I was amazed.
I could hardly think it possible that a representa-
j tive of any portion of the American people would
1 have the fierce temerity to suggest disunion or re-
sistance to the constitutional authorities of the
land. It produced deep and intense meditation
on my part. I did believe then that an example
ought to be made of it, but there was no way to
touch it. It wanted some technicalities to make
it treason. I have heard principles of disunion
boldly avowed in this Hall, and have heard Sena-
tors avow what was treason, not technically, but
which was not stripped of one particle of the mor-
al turpitude of treason. Disunion has been pro-
claimed in this Hall. What a delightful commen-
tary upon the freedom of our institutions, and the
forbearance of the public mind, when a man is
permitted to go unscathed and unscourged, who,
m a deliberative body like this, has made such a
declaration! Sir, no higher assurance can be
given of the freedom of our institutions and the
forbearance of the American people, and their re-
liance upon the reason and the intelligence of the
community. The intelligent mind is left free to
combat error. Such sentiments, with their au-
thors, will descend to obscurity and the tomb of
oblivion. I have only to way in conclusion, that
those who proclaim disunion, no matter of what
name politically—that those who, for the sake of
1 disunion, conspire against the Union and the
Constitution, are very beautifully described in
Holy Writ. They are " raging waves of the sea,
foaming out their own shame: wandering stars,
i to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness
| forever!"
| Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
> I regret very much to be compelled to trespass
! upon the attention of the Senate, but all must per-
i ceive that it will be impossible for me, without re-
| linquishmg all sentiments of self-respect, to permit
j what has fallen from the honorable Senator from
j Texas to go unreplied to. Whether the Senator
( prepared his speech, expecting I should be absent,
I and made the first regular assault on me which he
has ever undertaken in this body, under the Ixope
that it would not be responded to, remains to be
decided by others. 1 happened to be here, and I
intend, so far as I can, to give him a Roland for
an Oliver.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will permit
me, I would say that I notified him on Saturday,
that I should oppose this resolution.
Mr. FOOTE. The gentleman did; but he gave
no notification that, he would make such an attack
as he has made. I had heard a rumor through
town, that I was to receive a drubbing here this
morning, during my absence, and I remained on
that account. 1 have heard the gentleman at
length, and have listened to him with forbearance,
without anv undue resentment; and I am very
happy that he has given mealegitimateand proper
occasion for commenting, with suitable feeling,
not much at length, and with no malignity, upon
his course in connection with the pending ques-
tion.
The gentleman undertakes to intimate, in the
very face of my solemn declaration to the con-
trary, (a declaration which I formally put in wri-
ting and read to the Senate,) by multiplied innuen-
does, that I had introduced this resolution for some
illicit party purpose; and he has given the Senate,
on this occasion, the benefit of a regular party
harangue. I deny the imputation made by him.
Mr. HOUSTON. I especially exempted the
Senator from it.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator did exempt me
from it, but still entangled me in it, by insinuation.
He knows how to manage these things very well.
The impression which will go out from the Sena-
tor's speech is, that I introduced this resolution
for the purpose of destroying the harmony of the
Democratic party. The gentleman talked about
doctors, and about persons undertaking to enlarge
the party platform. All that is perfectly under-
stood by some of us. Is there anything in this
resolution repugnant to Democracy? If so, De-
mocracy is in itself a monstrous thing. Is there
anything in these compromise measures contrary
to the great principles of the Democratic creed?
I deny it. As a Democrat I deny it, and assert
that there is not one single important, material
feature connected with this plan of settlement
which is not in perfect harmony with the great
fundamental principles of the Democratic faith.
The man who does not understand that, does not
understand the first elementary principles of the
Democratic creed. Why, the Democratic party
is a Union party—a party strictly observant of
the Constitution^ The Baltimore platform, (I am
afraid the gentleman has never read it,) imbodies
every principle of this plan of compromise. I
took occasion to say the other day that the Dem-
ocratic party fought out the contest of 1848 on
the principle of non-intervention. I said else-
where, in this city, in the hearing of the gentle-
man, that the great contest of 1848 was fought
upon the principle of non-intervention, which is
the principle imbodied in this plan of settlement.
That principle was not received from the Senator
from Texas, but from another and a much higher
sotircc, and was adopted by the whole Democratic
party of the country. Does this resolution, then,
add to the Democratic platformJ But for the
high respect I entertain for the Senator, I should
pronounce this statement a slander upon the Dem-
ocratic party. When the Democratic party
becomes a Free-Soil party—when the members of
it are permitted to enter into secret intrigues for
the purpose of securing the Free-Soil votes for
the presidential and other offices, by avoiding a
bold and manly assertion of the great principles
which lie at the very foundation of the Demo-
cratic creed of the country, and which are essen-
tial to the prosperity and true power of this
great Republic—when such schemes can succeed,
then indeed will the glory of our Democratic Israel
depart, and unprincipled demagogues be enthroned
in high places. I understand this matter, and the
country shall understand it. *
The gentleman says he defers to the feelings of
this body; he does not originate anything here;
he looks to outward feeling. It is a curse to this
country that there are so many members of Con-
gress who are constantly looking out beyond the
body to ascertain what are the indications of pub-
lic feeling, not because they respect public feeling
more than other men, but because they are anx-
ious to bolster up their tottering popularity to ob-
tain high office, by trimming their sails to any
gale that happens to be blowing. The aura po])u-
fern is the breeze under the influence of which
these gentlemen sail; and they are eternally look-
ing out to ascertain whether there are any breakers
ahead that may possibly shatter the frail vessel
which contains their hopes of future political ad-
vancement. Therefore, they do not look into
their own consciences for motives of action, and
they do not consult their own understandings.
They do not undertake to examine the great pnn-
