1912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Captain S. G. French., of the Quartermaster's
Department, in the first part of t{ie President's
message and accompanying documents of the
present session, page 233. Captain French says,
speaking of the Indians in Texas, in the eighth
military department:
" Their numbers appear to have been considerably over-
estimated, if ihe reports of men who have been among them
can be relied on, and the information gained by Lieuten-
ant Colonel Hardee, in his expedition to their country,
be correct. It is believed that the entire numbers', in-
cluding all ages and the different sexes, of all the tribes that
frequent the bolder settlements of Texas in tbe eighth mil-
itary department does not exceed 4,000.
" The respective numbers of the different bands may be
set down, by their own computation principally, about as
follows: Delavvares. 63; Shawnecs, 70; Tonkaways, 300 ;
Q-tiapaws, 200; Caddoes, 160; Anadocoes,,200; Jonees,
113; Keechies, 48 ; Tawacunoes, 140; Wacoes, 114; Le-
pans, 350 ; Lower Camanches, 700 ; 'and fhe Northern Ca-
manches at 1,500."
If this statement be correct, there are not ex-
ceeding 4,000 Indians of all ages, sexes, and con-
ditions in the eighth military department, composed
of the State'of Texas. I should think that they
would not number more than 800 or 1.000 war-
riors. By the Report of the Adjutant General, in
the same book, page 201, giving tbe strength and
condition of the Army, their actual returns and
their location, he says—
" That when this report was made to Congress last No-
vember, there were suctioned in Texas, as present, 1,837
troops."
He put down the aggregate force of those who
were present and absent, and which they had in
Texas, as 2,319—one man, if this report be true,
for every two Indians of all ages, sexes, and condi-
tions in that country. I understand that they have
taken some troops from Oregon; and I "believe it
is shown by this same report that in all Califor-
nia and Oregon at this time we had less than 750
troops.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Will the gentleman
state also the number of troops that are located in
New Mexico?
Mr. HOWARD. I will say a word in relation
to Mr. French. It is very easy for a United
States officer to go out to New Mexico, dressed
in regimentals, and run through that country, and
then send a report to the Department. Such loose
information is not entitled to any weight on such
a subject. The former agent who resided among
these Indian tribes for years, reports the actual
number of Indians, resident in Texas, about
10,000. It is well known, in addition to that,
that there are tribes who penetrate into Texas
from the Territory of New Mexico, and other
Territories of the United States; so at some
seasons there are probably 20,000 Indians in
Texas, during the winter season, committing all
sorts of depredations. If they will give us what
we ask for in this bill, I should be quite wil-
ling that the infantry should be withdrawn from
Texas altogether. I say that this force is entire-
ly useless, and worse than useless. It is absurd
to suppose that such a force can be made avail-
able for the defense of the country against the in-
roads of mounted Indians. How is a man on
foot to run down an Indian on a fleet horse? It
is preposterous to say that such a force can do
anything for the defense of the frontier in Texas,
Oregon, or New Mexico.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In answer to the
question of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Ful-
ler,] I will state that, according to the report of
the Adjutant General, made last fall, there were
in the ninth military department (New Mexico)
3,459 troops, and in Texas and New Mexico some
3,500 troops.
Mr. STANLY. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Howard] one question. I wish
to ascertain whether the State of Texas does not
refuse to let the United States exercise any juris-
diction over the Indians in her territory at all ? If
that be so, Texas, before she calls upon us to au-
thorize her to take men to protect herself, ought,
at least, to consent that the United States should
exercise jurisdiction over those Indians, and make
treaties with them, or remove them, or otherwise
exercise authoritative influence over them.
Mr. HOWARD. The State of Texas has con-
sented to every jurisdiction which this Govern-
ment has asked over these Indians. The Govern-
ment has never pretended that the Indians owned
any fee, or right of occupancy. This Adminis-
tration, as well as all past Administrations, take
the ground that they could not make any treaty of
limits without the assent of Texas, but" whenever
they have applied to the State of Texas for any
regulation giving them the right of control over
the Indians, it has, so far as I know, up to this
time, been granted. The fact is, that the Gov-
ernment of the United States has left the subject
too much at loose ends.
Mr. STANLY. Does not the State of Texas
forbid the traders of the United States from going
there, and has she not refused to give any reser-
vation to .Indians inside her borders ?
Mr. HOWARD/ No, sir.- The facts of the'
case are these. I was "of the opinion, and still am
of the opinion > that the United States Government
has a right, under the Constitution, to regulate
the commerce with the Indians, and that it is a
power conferred upon the Federal Government.
I made an application myself to the Indian De-
partment under the present Administration to ex-
ercise that power, because I considered it proper
that the United States should regulate the traders
and the trade with the Indians; but the Depart-
ment declined, upon the ground that they had no
jurisdiction over the subject, which, in my opin-
ion, is as clear a mistake as ever was committed.
It is a jurisdiction expressly given by the Consti-
tution over all Indian tribes. Texas, by her legis-
lation, has permitted the Indians to reside tempo-
rarily and hunt north of a certain line, but with
no right to pass south of it, without express per-
mission. The line has been recognized and acted
upon by this Government. The State has dealt
liberally with the Indians, considering that they
have no right of occupany in Texas. And as to
the other suggestion of the gentleman from North
Carolina, Texas has never opposed the General
Government in its right to make treaties with the
Indians. The State has admitted the right as to
everything but that of negotiating about occu-
pancy, and the line between the Indians and the
whites, and that power this Government has never
claimed. The Indian agents of the UnitedStates,
as to all other subjects, make treaties with the In-
dians without any opposition or question from the
authorities of Texas.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say a word or
two upon this subject, and then I intend to move
the previous question, believing that the matter
has been sufficiently discussed before the House.
I wish, in the first place, to enter my dissent, as
one member of this House, with regard to the
assertion made by the gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Howard J that the treaty between this coun-
try and Mexico has not been complied with in re-
gard to protecting their frontiers against the dep-
redations of the Indians. However proper that
may be argumentatively, I do not think the facts
justify the conclusion, and I do not think this
House ought to do an act which can be quoted
against the Government at a future day in support
of any such claim. Therefore, as a member of this
House, 1 dissent from the proposition, so that, if
the record is ever to be used, it shall not be said
that the gentleman from Texas made the assertion,
and that it was acquiesced in by this body.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to state that the Ad-
ministration has made the same assertion, and
called for additional forces.
Mr. STUART. Now, sir, in reference to this
bill, the whole subject seems to me to resolve it-
self into a single question, which is this: Is the
executive department of this country the proper
depository of the discretion provided for in this
bill? It seems tome that it is, not only by the
Constitution, but by the practice of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. CLEVELAND. As the gentleman from
Michigan has given notice that he proposes to
call for the previous question, will he allow me to
say a word ?
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman will be brief,
I will, with pleasure.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to call tlie atten-
tion of the House to the importance of the bill
now under consideration. We know very well
at the time this bill was introduced here, at the
solicitation and suggestion of the Representatives
of these Territories and States, who feel particu-
larly and specially interested in the matter, that
they only asked of us an appropriation of money
to purchase arms to be distributed to men to be
used in case of emergency. That was as far as
they went in their request, as every member of the
House will recollect. Then, sir, in order to give
them the protection sought, and save to the Gov-
ernment the unnecessary expenditure of money,
an amendment was offered, by which provis-
ion was made that the arms not needed in the
old States 'might be sent there for this purpose.
That amendment prevailed, and in that shape the
bill passed this House, to the entire satisfaction bf
every man who had charge of the matter front
that section of the country. Now, I ask, whether
any new feature has arisen which renders it im-
portant that this, addition should be given
Mr. WJEtGHTMAN. I had the honor of in-
troducing this bill for the benefit only of the people
I represent. It was referred to the Committee on
the Militia. As the bill came from the committee,
it provided for-the distribution of arms among the
people of New Mexico, and authorized the Presi-
dent to call out troops in New Mexico and also in
Oregon. When it came into the House, it was
amended by the addition of California and Texas,
so far as regards the distribution of arms, but
it did not give authority to the President to call
out troops, in cases of emergency, in Califor-
nia or Texas. The Senate amendment gives that
authority to the President in reference to Califor-
nia and Texas.
Mr. CLEVELAND. When the bill passed
this House, it gave to the men of Texas and New
Mexico, wherever there existed danger from the
incursions of Indian parties, arms; and it gave
power to tbe President, through his authorized
agent, to call out this force at once to repel an in-
vasion, and then retire. That was all that was
asked for. When the bill got into the Senate, this
amendment was made to it, which I take the lib-
erty to say is a regular addition to our regular
Army of one thousand mounted men. All agree
that the Army is too numerous now, not properly
mounted, and not of a proper character; and
really, some information fell from the gentleman
from Texas, [Mr. Howard,] that it was a nui-
sance in his State, and that Texan rangers were
almost needed to protect our infantry there. But
if you will examine the amendment of the Senate,
you will find that it is a permanent increase of one
thousand mounted men to our regular Army, for
which we shall have to bear the expense through all
coming time, and which the gentleman fiom North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] says will be one million
of money or more. This is an important matter,
and I beg t6 call the attention of the House to it.
Valuable as time is, T believe we can spend a little
time profitably here in examiningthis matter, be-
fore we are called upon to increase the Army. Is
there any man who has a vote in this House, who
is bold enough to stand up and say that the Army
which now exists, with a proper reorganization,
is not all-sufficient?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to make one remark ? Does
not this bill propose to pay the soldiers there dou-
ble what the present troops receive ?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; it does not.
Mr. STEVENS. Why, it proposes to give
them $22 a month.
Mr. HOWARD. No; it gives them the pay
of volunteers. An estimate from General Shields
shows that it is seven per cent, cheaper, and for
this reason: These men on the ground furnish
their own horses and clothes—everything but
their arms; whereas, if you send regular troops
there, you must pay the expense of transporta-
tion.
Mr. CLEVELAND. In the little time allowed
me by the courtesy of my friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Stuart,] I wish to expose to the House the
character of this amendment. The original bill
which passed this House had my support. No
man is more ready than I am to afford additional
protection to the frontier settlements, and I be-
lieve that is the common sentiment of the House;
but in the amendment to this bill, you are clan-
destinely to get an additional increase for a regu-
lar army of one thousand mounted men, at an
enormous expense. No man who has examined
the bill will deny that assertion.
Mr. B1SSELL. The gentleman overlooks the
fact altogether that it authorizes these troops to be
enlisted for only a single year.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Surely; but let us ex-
amine this, for it seems to me that my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Bissell] does not understand it, or
I do not undeistand it. I beg to know whether
