1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
Mr. RUSK. For fear I may be misunderstood,
I think it necessary to say that I intend to vote to
take up the French spoliation bill. 1 am opposed
to the bill itself, but shall vote to take it up, be-
cause X think we ought to get through with it.
There are three subjects which I want to see dis-
posed of; one is the "Woodworth patent, the second '
the French spoliation bill, and the third the inter- :
vention question. [Laughter.] I want to get clear
of them all, and shall therefore vote to take them
up for the purpose of getting clear of them.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays, on
the motion to postpone all prior orders, with the
view of taking up the French spoliation bill, re-
sulted—yeas 33, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bradbury, Clarke, Da-
vis, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Pish, Halo, Hamlin, James,
.Tones of Iowa, Mallory, Miller, Norn", Pr-att, Husk, Sebas-
tian, Seward, ►Smith, dpi uance, rfumner, and Wade—
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Boiland, Brodhead,
Brooke, Cass, Clemens, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Douglas, Fetch, Geyer, Gwm, Hunter, King, Manjrum,
Moiton, Underwood, and Walker—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I hope it wilt not be consid-
ered a violation of order to say that 1 shall, on
Thursday next, if nothing particular or special
intervenes, ask the Senate to take up the finality
of the compromise resolution, in order that I may
finish a speech which I commenced on the first of
February, on that subject.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The Senate accordingly proceeded, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, to consider the bill to pro-
vide for the ascertainment and satisfaction of
claims of American citizens for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to July 31, 1801.
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 thank the Senate for this
expression of their willingness to consider this
bill at the present time; and, as the best return I
can make for this courtesy, I will say that, as the
subject has been so often discussed, and is, or
ought to be, so well understood, I am willing' to
submit it to the action of the Senate without de-
taining Senators by any extended* remarks from
me. 1 desire votes rather than speeches. The
claimants, constituting a large number ot'our citi-
zens, have, for half a century, been making appli-
cation to Congress for redress, without being able,
except on three or four occasions, to obtain a di-
rect vote upon the subject of their application.
Perhaps 1 ou^ht to explain in a few words the
provisions of the bill.
It will be sufficient to say that it contemplates the
appropriation of an amount not exceeding $>5,000,-
000, in full satisfaction of tin? claims of our citizens
for the spoliations referred to. It provides for the
appointment of a board of commissioner*, whohe
duty it shall be to ascertain the validity and
amount of the demands of the several Hannnnts;
it contemplates the appropriation of the $5,000,000
at a future time; and further provides that the
claimants shall receive a jyro utlu dividend, incase
the ajrgre.^ate of their chums exceed the amount of
$5,000,000, and that they shall file, with their re-
spective claims, a release, declaring that the divi-
dend they may receive shall be a full discharge.
His my purpose, in order to secure af.uthful exe-
cution of the commission, to oiler an additional
section to the bill, providing for the appointment
of an attorney to the board, wluteeduty if .shall be
to resist all unjust claims, and pi meet the interests
of the United States, and of the fund that may be
appropriated to carry the bill into effect. Having
said thus much, I propose to submit the bijl for
the action of the Senate. I prefer to let the twen-
ty-eight favorable reports that have been made bv
committees of Congress advocate its justice. 1
prefer to let Marshall, Madison, Monroe, Liv-
ingston, and other distinguished men of that day,
who were acquainted and identity d with the facts,
out of which the claims arose, speak in their be-
half. If they are not heard, nothing that f can
say will be likely to receive attention.
Perhaps, in frankness, I ought to stnte the po-
sition upon which the claims are placed. We
contend—
1st. That previous to the ratification of the con-
vention of September 30, 1800, numerous Ameri-
can citizens had just demands against the Gov-
ernment of France, for property of the value of
several millions of dollars, seized and confiscated
under authority of that Government, in violation
of treaties and national law, for which Prance
was bound to make indemnity to the sufferers.
2d. These demands were recognized and in- !■
sisted upon by our Government asjust. |
3d. Their justice was acknowledged by France, j
, who professed her readiness to make indemnity, j
* and at the same time preferred claims of her own
. against the United States. :j
4th. Our Government undertook the prosecu- i
tion of these demands, invited the sufferers to for-
1 ward their evidence, and pledged the public faith 1
that proper proceedings should be adopted for j
their relief. j
5th. Our Government, in the ratification of the :
■ convention of September 30, 1800, canceled these '
demands, and, in distinct terms, forever released :
and discharged France from all claims therefor. ;
I 6th. Our Government obtained for this release a j
, renunciation by France of claims of a national ,
character which she preferred against the United !
States, for which our negotiators had offered large j
sums of money, and the offer had been repeatedly j
; rejected by the French authorities. j
: These are the positions upon which we rest the '
: bill, and 1 am willing to leave it here. 1 believe j
II that the facts are sufficiently understood to rest ;
| the claims without a further exposition of them, j
If there is nothing urged against them, I shall I
'> willingly leave the matter here; if anything is '
J! urged, 1 shall desire an opportunity to make only J
!i a brief reply to such points as may be pressed, 1
j1 where silence might lead to misappiehension, but ;
j not to go into an elaborate discussion of the sub- |
I'ject. i
' Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 have heretofore voted 1
; for this hill, and I intend to do so again; but there I
is one clause of it which 1 wish to have amended, ,|
-I if the Senator fiom Maine will consent to it. The j'
;! bill now states that this stock is to be payable at i|
any time, at the pleasure of the Government, after j'
\ twenty years. I desire to strike out from the thir-
1 trenf h line of the seventh section the words 4'twenty !
■ years from." [j
Mr. BRADBURY. I accept of that modifica-
1 tion. j!
, Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 sfte no reason why j!
: we should hamper the Government m its opera- ::
j- uons. If the bill is amended in the manner I have j
i, proposed, it will read, "and each certificate of \
!; stock shall be redeemable at the pleasure of the
; : United States at any time after the date of the ter-
j, mination of said commission."
i' Mr. HALE. I want to suggest to the gentle-
!| man who had charge of tins bill, that if the
I amendment is adopted, some notice should be
I, given when these certificates shall be redeemable.
| I think the Government should give at least twelve
, months' notice.
j Mr. UNDERWOOD. Say six months.
,! -Mr. BRADBURY. Twelve months, I think,
;l would be better.
i Mr. HALE. I move to insert "twelve mouths."
The PRESIDENT. It is not in orpler to move
lj that amendment till the question is taken on the i
II motion to strike out. ;
i' The motion to strike out the words "twenty |
i years from" was then agreed to. I
! Mr. HALE. 1 now move to add at the end of :
the section the words "upon twelve months' no- i
! tice." j
■ I The amendment was agreed to. j
[■ Mr. BRADBURY. I will now offer an amend- [
,j ment, which I propose as an additional section: i
j "• ~1nd he itfurther crmctcL That an attorney to saul board '
1 bo appointed hy the President of the United States, by and j
[ with the ad-ice and consent of the Senate, whose duty it !
i thai! be to resist all unjust claim*, and protect the interest I
ot the United States, and of" the tmid that inav be appro- |
priated to carry thi^ bill into execution; and to thi* end he <
: Miall h-ive power to evamnie witnesses, and to cau>e te>- I
1 tmiony to be taken, and have access to jtfl testimony be- I
fore the commission for the purpose of examining it, and i
the risjbr to be heaid m nil eases, ile -haii be sworn to a ;
laithtul performance of his duty as attorney, and shall be
■ entitled to the same compensation a-3 one of'the commis- '
sinners."
! The amendment was agreed to. lj
| Mr. ADAMS. Is it in order to move now to !i
lay this bill on the table? j
I The PRESIDENT. Certainly. ;
Mr. ADAMS. As that will be a test question, !
1 1 make that motion; for jf the majority are in- [j
clined to pass the bill, I will offer some amend- 'i
ments, which I desire to have adopted if it passes. '
If it is not to pass, it is useless to consume the '
time in considering the amendments. '
Mr. FELOH. I hope the Senator will with- j
draw that motion for a short time. i
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw it with pleasure, to
accommodate the Senator.
Mr. BORLAND. I move to amend the first
section of the bill by striking out of the fourth
and fifth lines, the words " to an amount not ex-
ceeding five millions of dollars,"
Mr. MILLER. How will the bill read then?
The PRESIDENT. It will moke it unlimited.
Mr. WELLER. Then it will take a hundred
millions of dollars to cover all the claims.
Mr. BORLAND. The object of the amend-
ment is to strike out the limitation of five million?
of dollars, which is now contained in the bill.
It seems to me that those who contend, as the
advocates of this bill do contend-—I am not one of
them—that these aie just claims against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, cannot fairly and
properly, or with any regard for that justice to the
claimants, on which they so much insist, limit
the amount to be paid. If we recognize these
claims at all, as constituting a debt—as we shall
do by the passage of this bill—we must recognize
all that may be proved. That is my view of the
justice of the case. I do not see, and have never
been able to understand, how far, or on what prin-
ciple, we can, with justice or propriety, limit the
amount to be paid. We know that a large num-
ber of these claimants are children. Now, be-
cause some of the claimants, m person or by
their attorneys, come forward and ask us to re-
duce the amount, so that the country may not be
frightened at the enormous amount, and the Con-
gress might not dare to burden the Treasury with
it, as they will do by recognizing it as a clebt—
because such claimants, who are willing to catch
at a part rather than risk the loss of the whole, as
they fear they would do if the whole thing was
exposed beforehand, come here and ask us to re-
duce it to an amount which the country might be
induced to tolerate, and Congress may venture to
give—shall we, I ask, from considerations like
these, violate the very principle upon which, alone,
we dare recognize the claims at all, and in disre-
gard and derogation of the claims of these chil-
dren, who, if we owe them at all, cannot release
us from any part of it, unless we pay them all? I
ask, shall we do this?
I have not risen to make a speech; 1 shall not
attempt one. My only purpose was to indicate
what I regard as the principle in the case—the only
principle—and what, m my opinion, inevitably
follows as our duty, if it be recognized as a prin-
ciple at all. We either owe the money, or we do
not. If we owe any, we owe what can be proved;
and that we must pay in full, or we repudiate the
just debts of the Government. We cannot prop-
erly compound with our creditors without ac-
knowledging ourselves either bankrupt or uishon-
est. I do not believe we are the former, and I
cannot acknowledge we are the latter. If we do
not owe it as a debt, we have no authority, no
right, to give the public money away.
Mr. BR \DBURY. The Senator from Michi-
can, [Mr. Felch,] I believe, had a design to make
some remarks to the Senate in regard to this bill,
and I hope that he may be allowed to proceed
With his permission, however, I will occupy a
moment or two m response to what has fallen fjom
the Senator from Arkansas. That Senator moves
to strike out of the biii the words '• to an amount
not exceeding five millions of dollars," and ar?ues
that, if any i hmg should be paid, the whole amount
should be paid. At the same time, the honorable
Senator informs us that he is individually opposed
to the payment of anything. It would be a suf-
ficient answer to the argument of the honoiable
Senator to say, that the claimants generally would
be very glad to obtain their dividends of the five
millions proposed to be appropriated. They are
satisfied with this amount, and the motion to in-
crease it or leave it indefinite, does not come from
them.
I have heard another remark, that very proba-
bly this bill would involve the expenditute of an
indefinite amount—twenty, thiny, or perhaps a
hundred millions of doliais. Permit ine to say
that the claims were estimated at the time by our
envoys to France at from fifteen to tw> n y millions
of dollars. This embraced the entire mass of the
claims—the claims of those who have received sat-
isfaction under the Louisiana treaty, as well as
those who have been paid under the Florida treaty.
There has been received, under those treaties and
a subsequent treaty, in round numbers $7jl57,000*
