1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
If, then, the whole claims amounted to the largest
estimate oj$20,000,000, there would be now due
$12,8-1§,954. If, however, that estimate was too
large, and the amount due was but §15,000,000,
there would still remain to this class of claimants,
who have .eceiyed nothing, £7,843,000.
l>ut, 'su, I think the principle is a correct one,
which is proposed to be adopted in this bill. The
Government of the United States undertook the
prosecution of these claims, and received, in con-
sideration for their release, a discharge from the
claims made by France against the Government
of the United States. The Government did not
receive compensation in dollars and cents, but it
received a release from claims against itself. These
claims were indefinite in amount, and had to be
estimated. There is no tribunal to estimate them
except the Congress of the United States. They
are, I repeat, indefinite in amount,and they might
have swelled to $20,000,000, or a $100,000,000;
or they might, 111 the judgment of some, have
fallen to 35,000,000. By this bill Congress under-
takes to estimate the amount of the claims of
.France, which was consideration received, and
fixes it at §5,000,000. We thus determine that
the claims against France were worth §5,000,000
to the claimants, and that that is the value of the
consideration received by our Government for these
releases. It would not be correct to assume the
amount of a claim to be in all coses the true meas-
ure of damages, when the Government makes it-
self liable to the claimant; but the value of it to
the claimant, and that is to be determined in tiiis
case, m jurt, by the value of the consideration
received in exchange, which we fix at$5,000,000.
But this amendment is urged by those who are
opposed to paying anything. It is not for them
to make tins objection when the claimants say
that although their demands may be greater, they
fue willing to accept S~>,000,000 m full compensa-
tion of all their claims.
Mr. BORLAND, f ask the yens nays on tlie
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FEJL CH. If the Senator who proposed
to lay this bill on the table desires now to test the
sense of the Sen? t eon that question, I will yield the
floor in oider that he may make the motion.
Mr. ADA US. I withdraw the motion with
gnv.r, pieassiie.
Mr. FiiLCH If the question <s not taken on
that motion, 1 desire hefuie the vote is taken on
the cKncniiiiem propped by the Senator from
Arknto say something on the subject.
The honorable gentleman then proceeded to
add^s (he Senate on the subject generally; and
having spoken for some time without concluding,
he 2;a\t' wny,
Anu on motion the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE .tKVR.CSEXTATIVES.
.MONTJAV, 15?, 185*3.
'L'-'ie House met hi twelve o'clock, rn. Prayer
by .ne Rev. Littixton F. Mougajnt.
The Journal "f Friday -.'/as read ond approved.
The SPEAJKF/ll. The fast business in order is
the reception of petitions from the State of Maine.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of A'bc.iy Dicun's E'-q., their
Secretary, notify!,-l: the Hoo^e that the Senate had
concurred in the amendments of the House to
the jo!i;t resolution authorizing the continuance
of the work upon the Capitol, with certain Amend-
ments, m which they asked the concurrence of the
Hoase.j
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
M:. OOjjB. My object in rising-this mo; ning,
is to ask the unanimous consent of the House,
that tlie* business upon the Speaker's table be taken
up and loferred—that is, such business, only, as
v/iil not <:.ve rive to dei.ite. I do this disinterest-
edly, desiring that the business upon the Speak-
er's table may be referred to the committees and
acted upon.
Mr. KINGr. Such ;:s may not be objected to.
Mr. CLIN^MA N. I object to any qualifica-
tion. I would l.« willing to go to the business
referred to >Vira!ar!y.
Mr. COJ-H. I move a suspension of the rules
for the puipose of proceeding to the consideration
of such business upon the Speaker's table as may
not give rise to debate
Mr. SMART. I claim the right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is entitled to the floor, and moves to suspend
ii the rules to enable him to submit a motion to pro-
'i ceed to such business upon the Speaker's table as
will not give rise to debate.
Mr. SMART. The Speaker having called the
State of Maine for petitions, I claim the floor for
that purpose, as one of the Representatives of
that State.
The SPEAKER. Maine was called for peti-
ij tions, but it is also in order to move to suspend the
!i rules.
Ii Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman will inter-
h pose no objection.
jj The question was then taken, and the Houso
S refused to suspend the rules, to go to the business
| upon the Speaker's table.
| THE ADDITIONS TO THE CAPITOL.
! Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The joint ree-
! olution for the continuance of the work on the ex-
' tensions of the Capitol, has just been reported from
the Senate, and I desire the unanimous consent of
the House, that it may now be taken up and dis-
posed of. But, before making that request, I will
state what I desire doing in reference to the matter.
. Two amendments have been made, by the Senate,
, to the resolution: one restricting the architect
| and the Secretary of the Interior, in their con-
tracts, to the amount of the appropriation. 1 have
1 no objection to that amendment, and shall move
1 that the House concur in it. The other amend-
ments propose to indemnify the workmen for the
loss of their time, during the suspension of the
work upon the wings of the Capitol—to pay them,
i as if they had been to work during the whole
, period. 1 will move to reject that amendment. It
will not take five minutes to dispose of the reso-
; lution. I hope it may be taken up.
I [Cries of "Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
1 Mr. BROOKS. Money will be saved, if the
1 resolution is now considered.
\ Mr. FLOYD objected. i
J Mr. STANTON. Objection being made, I
, move a suspension of the rules, for the purpose I
have indicated.
Mr. OLDS. The resolution is upon the SpeJ-:-
! er's table.
! The SPEAKER. The resolution referred to
j was reported a few moments ago, from the Sen- :
! ate.
Mr. OLDS. We have just refused to proceed '
to the business upon the Speaker's table, and this 1
jomt resolution lies there. i
1 The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken- j
! tucky moved to take from the Speaker's tabie a |
, particular resolution, which being objected to, "he ;
| moves a suspension of the rules for the purpose 1
■ of submitting that motion.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, demanded the
I yeas and nays; which were not ordered.
I The question was then put, and it was decided
! in the affirmative. And the rules were suspended.
| The amendment of the Senate were then read
i by the Clerk, as follows:
! 1. Provided, Nothing herein containrd tlt-ili be so con- ,
Sfued as to autb-orize any officer, or acent of tin; Ufihd
i Statess, to bind the United Staff* by contract, beyond the
1 amount appiopriated by Congress or to sanction any Mien
, contiHcr heietoforu made.
•2. That the architect appointed by the Proodp nt of the
| United States-10 superintend the prosecution of the woik in
the construction ot the additions to the Capitol, oe, a,id he ,
■ is lieieby autlvnized, to examine the «Jainis of the work- _
iner, to indemnity tot the loss f?~ th<nr tune during: the 5 u>-
pension of the work unon s-aid additions tor want of on
appropriation; and that the raid aicl.tt^ct allow to Mirh of ,
, said workmen le-pectively wffc =u-pended from HMr
during the pendency of this joint resolution, making: such ,
appropnation, with the eneoma^m^nt, and under an
authorized assurance, 'hatupon t!ie ^i.d appropriation bein«
, liidde their labor would aeam be required by t:ie Go\t:in-
hicnt, and who, intermediately, had no oppoituinty of ob-
taining emplovmentin the city of Washington 3 «uch reason-
! able indemnity for the loss of then wages for labor dunng
. the suspension of tho work, as under the circumstance*
ot their respective eases, justice and equity may require;
not exceeding, however, m any ea^;, tin- .ivn.ue iate of
the earnings of sasd workmen in the employment ot the
Government for a like preceding period of time.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Mr. Speak-
1 Call
! Mr. STANTON.' I call for the previous ques-
I tion then.
| Mr. ORR. Do I understand the gentleman to
I move to non-concur in the second amendment?
I Mr. STANTON. That is the understanding;.
[ The call for the previous question was seconded,
j and the main question was ordered to be put.
; The question was then put upon the first amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The question now being on the adoption of the
, second amendment,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
: and nays; which were ordered.
; Mr. ORR. Is the vote upon a motion of non-
' concurrence in the amendment?
i The SPEAKER. The regular vote is upon the
■ adoption of tlie amendment. \ That there may be
; no misunderstanding upon the part of any gentle-
| man in regard to the nature of the vote, tliose in
j favor of the amendment will vote "yea," those
l opposed " nay."
[ The question was then taken upon the adoption
! of the second amendment of the Senate, and it
| was decided in the negative—yeas 19, nays 136,
| as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hiriprp, Bowne, Dean, Florence, Gen-
' try, Gorman. Harper, Martin, Newton, Samuel VV. Parker,
I'oik, Fnci', i.-uok<'tt, Scliermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Stanly,
; Walsh. vWhbmiijHitd Yates—19.
-NTAY>3—Me>-$i?. Aiken, Willis Allen, Allison, John Ap-
j pleton, William Appieton, Ashe. David J. Bailey,Thomas
II. I}ayl\. Bennett, Uocock. Bragg, Brenton, Bnggs,
er-
[Cries of " Call the previous question !"
the pevious question!")
Mr. STANTON. If the previous question can
be called unon both amendments, I do so.
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous :
question would operate upon both-
John ( . Davis, Dockery, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Ea&t-
ni;vi, j5(J«ertoii, Edinuiuifcon, Ficklm. Fitch, Flojd, Fow-
ler. Thoma-s J. D. Fuller, fJamhle, Oaylord, GnojJeiiow,
Giey, Hall, Ifamilton, Hammond, Ishairi G. Harris, Ha-
ven, fleiHiiieks, Henn, IJibbard, ilillyer, Horsford, Houg-
1 ton, Howard, John W. Howo, Hunter, Jackson, Jenkins,
Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson, Daniej
'('.Jones, (reorire W. Jones, J. Gfaney Jones, George <5.
Kinij, Piestori King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Leteher, Lock-
hart, Maee, Mann, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McCorkle,
i McDonald, MeLanahan, MeMuHin, MeNair, McQueen,
Meaeham, Miller,Millsori, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John
Moore, Morehrad, Murray, Naber , Olds, Orr, Outlaw,
Andiew I'arker, 1'easlee. I'enn, Pemiunan, Perkins,
Pin Ips, Powell, Xtebbms, Rons, Russell, Seudder, Scurry,
DaMd I.. Sevtnoui. Skfltoii, Ssnait, .Smith, Benjamin
Sunton, .''n'deriek P Stunton, Richard II. Stanton,
Abr'm P. Steven?-, Thaddcu-> Stt'venj, Stone, St. Martin,
Stritton, StiothiM, Stuart, Sutheilund, Tavloi, George W.
Thonip-on, Thuntori, Tuck, Walbnd^e, Wallace, Ward,
, Watkm*, \Vi'!N, Alexander White. Wilcox, Williams,
and Woodwaid— I3G.
So the amendment wns rejected.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the votes by
which the first amendmem was adopted and the
second rejected be reconsidered, and that the mo-
; tion to reconsider do lie upon the table; which
latter motion way agreed to.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. BROWN", of Mississippi. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a joint
resolution, of which previous notice has been
given, in regard to the public printing.
The Clerk rend the resolution, as follows:
Jomt Resohiiitm m re?<u-d to tlse Public Printing.
Reivlwd hv the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Statf-tof «3if)ciica in Cou^re^s, assembled. That
ru-ituei th'* jot nt roolnhwii IGlG, 'Mimctinjr the manner
o! proeunns the piintmj"- tor the two Mou-<esof Concreps,''
nor anv ofisor a< l oi re&olution of ('ougress authorises, or
sh'ih be ->o eon^tmed ^o authorize, tin; Joint Committee
on Pi iiil tuuif-eiiur^'jonp conti actor and employ another,
or to take the piiuM'ticfroui one p«M--on and artveit to another.
But in oil ca^e-s w'.iere the committee shall deem that there
has been ne^lert of dutv or unnec^sary delay on the part
of *be puhhc pnnrer, the tact- ?hali he reported toCongress,
and the committee siipII he %<nci ned by its advice.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky objected.
Mr. DROWN. I move a suspension of the
ruief, to enable me to introduce theVesoIution, and
upon that motion I demand the yens and nays.
The yt*as and nays were ordered.
Mi. GORMAN*. Wilt tlie House indulge me
by luwinir rend a clause of the law of 1846?
Mr. BROWN*. I object. If it is read4 I will
ask the prh ilege of replying to it. If it be read,
it wiii he by wnv of argument. SVe pre not now
to vote upon the p^s-sdg^e of the resolution, but
only upon the motion to suspend the rules to allow
it to be introduced for consideration. It will be
open to amendment and debate, when introduced.
[Cries of "Let it be read !" " Let it be read!,5J
Mr. BAYLY. The motion for the reading can
be put to the House.
Mr. BROWN. 1 withdraw my objection to
the reading of the Jaw.
Mr. POLK, If objection is made to the read-
