1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ciples of public expediency, but they ascertain, if
they can, what is popular, or what is likely to be
popular, by looking out of Congress, as the gen-
tleman gays, and in that way they expect to ob-
tain, some of them, high office. They have un-
derrated the intelligence of the people of this
country. The people have a little more under-
standing than some persons suppose. The trick-
ery of demagogisin has already become so famil-
iar to the intelligent and sagacious people of this
country that it is no sooner practised in their view
than the performer finds himself prostrated before
an indignant and outraged constituency.
Sir, I hope the day has gone by when any little
tricksters, with shallow intellects, utterly deficient
in all knowledge of statesmanship, with no moral
quality on the face of God's earth, who would in-
duce any man to think of them for high station,
will be able by sly trickery and underhanded man-
agement, to attain high places, the incumbency of
which by such persons must inevitably inflict per-
manent, lasting, and ineffaceable disgrace upon
our free institutions. I have no respect for dema-
gogues; I like sometimes to expose them. I am
not doing it now; oh no, I would not be so dis-
courteous and unparliamentary; but I do like some-
times to expose persons of this class. I do like
sometimes, if I may use the expression, to employ
the cudgel of casfigation upon such people.
The Senator from Texas talks about the Senate
of the United States being converted into a politi-
cal machine. What did he mean by that? Noth-
ing in the world, of course. He talks about [he
resolution being a flagrant usurpation upon the
people's rights. He did not mean anything dis-
respectful by that—oh, no. But the gentleman
says that this thing commenced in the Democratic
caucus, and that a similar resolution being rejected
there, it was vamped up and reintroduced here for
a similar purpose. The gentleman is willing, as
I undeistand him, that the unity and concord of
the Democratic party shall not be so far broken
in upon as to prevent the rankest Free-Soilers
from coming into our midst, and exercising efficient
"influence in the political contests of the day. I
understand what the gentleman means. He has a
very special audience. (Here the speaker pointed
at Mr. RANTon.,who was sittingjust behind him.)
The signs of the times are very ominous. I un-
derstand them well enough. There are some men
(of course not in the Senate) who are prepared to
give their deliberate sanction to corrupt political
bargains, by means of which mean and unprin-
cipled men are to lie elevated to high stations,
through the agency of corrupt intrigue and man-
agement, of such a nature as almost to stamp per-
manent discredit upon the escutcheon of the Repub-
lic. Because some of us say we do not wish to
associate with such people—because we say we
will have no political connection with any man
pledged to agitate against the fugitive slavclaw, who
calls himself a Democrat, but who stands solemnly
pledged to a fanatical constituency to come here and
agitate constantly, in opposition to this law—is it
to be said that we are disturbing the harmony of
the Democratic party ? The gentleman may if he
chooses have association with such people. I do
not wish to associate with them. I have said every-
where in my own State, and I say it here, that the
man who is pledged in the North to agitate against
the fugitive slave bill; and the man in the South,
who is pledged to agitate in opposition to any part
of this great plan of compromise, is, in my judg-
ment, no patriot in the first place, and is secondly
no Democrat. I do not charge the gentleman with
wishing to associate with such persons. I do not
say that he has corrupt intentions himself. I do
not say that he wishes to use certain persons for
his own particular purposes—that he is willing to
discredit the Democratic party, to disgrace its an-
cient creed, to pull down its primeval dignity in
order to have an opportunity of foisting himself,
a wretched political humbug, into the highest place
in this Republic. This whole imagination is nau-
seating—it is disgusting—it is horrifying.
The gentleman quotes Scripture, and says that
he wishes to judge men by their works, not by
their professions. So do I. "What are the works
of the honorable gentleman ? I will show him up
a little on that score. What are his works, I re-
peat? Why, he intimates that he is the author of
the compromise. lie says he made a speech, in
which he prepared the way for the compromise;
and then went off to Texas, leaving other persons
to perform the labor of perfecting the scheme. T
can say with perfect truth, that the gentleman did
nothing to promote the passage of any of the
measures of compromise, except the bill granting
money to Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON. I voted' for every measure
composing the compromise.
Mr. FOOTE. I voted for every measure except
the California bill and the District of Columbia
bill. Why did that gentleman vote for the Cali-
fornia bill? Was it because he was more disposed
to sympathize with California than other Senators?
Why did he vote for the Oregon bill in 1848, fol-
lowing the lead of the late illustrious Senator from
Missouri? [Mr. Benton.] Rumor says—I will
not say it, for it would he unparliamentary—that
the honorable gentleman was then looking out for
-the Free-Soil vote, and hoped to be elected by
means of certain Free-Soil support to the Presi-
dency. I know a man, sir, who thinks he has
very high pretensions to presidential honors; who,
to my knowledge, for the last four or five years
has been constantly engaged in the most corrupt
and contemptible trickery, m order to secure the
highest advancement known in this country,
through the wretched instrumentality of the Free-
Soil vote of the North; notwithstanding he was a
Southern man by birth, and professed to have feel-
ings such as belong naturally to Southern men
upon the disputed questions of the tim'es. Such
a man I pronounce to be a traitor to the South, no
matter who he is—I pronounce a traitor to all
honest principles, and a contemptible demagogue,
wholly unworthy the respect of this body, and
deserving of expulsion from it, should he ever
obtain a place here. Such is my opinion, and I
am responsible for its expression in every mode
known to honorable men. •
The gentleman says he did not sign the South-
ern Address. No, I never expected him to do it.
I knew that the motives of that Senator (pointing
to Mr. Rusk) were pure and upright; and every
man knows him to be so. I know him and I ad-
mire him; and he will allow me to say I hope that |
I have a true affection for him. I say nothing
about the motives of anybody else. The Senator
did not sign the address. No, sir; but I admit
that there were many honest and patriotic mem-
bers of Congress who did not sign it. The late
Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr.
Cobb, and others, whose motives I have always
vindicated, did not subscribe the Southern Address.
But there was a mode of manifesting opposition to
this address as a political movement, and there
is a spirit capable of being manifested on such
an occasion, which, among men of proper astute-
ness of mind, will supply the plainest evidence of
the basest treachery to a Southern constituency,
and of the grossest infidelity to Southern rights.
I suppose the gentleman did not mean to say
anything unkind, when he spoke of this resolution
of mine as blackening the white paper on which it
was written. That particular gentleman is never
found enlisted in the process of blackening any-
thing. Oh, no! all his movements are as pure as
vestal purity itself.
He denounces this resolution as a torch, intro-
duced, as he says, into the Democratic party, in
order to consume the temple of our party strength.
He considers it a sort of incendiary movement, I
suppose.
Hie seemed to intimate that the resolution was
introduced also by somebody who wished to
"lead" and " direct" the people. I know he in-
tends 110 unkindness. Oh, no, the Senator from
Texas is just the kindest man in the world; hut
I must say, before God and my country, that
I introduced that resolution, alone, for the purpose
of aiding, as far as I could, in securing a restoration
of fraternal feeling in this country. Every en-
lightened Southern man, in my opinion, must see
that the South is entitled, at this moment, on the
part of our Northern brethren, to some special as-
surance that the fugitive slave law shall be faith-
fully executed. I, for one, as a Southern man,
am willing to give to my brethren of the North an
assurance, in return, that the remainder of the
compromise scheme—the District of Columbia
bill, and the rest—shall be faithfully carried out.
I know, sir, that my motives have been arraigned,
but I aver, that no man of honesty, no man of
sound intellect, no man whose mind is not unduly
swayed by prejudice of some kind, can look at my
whole conduct in this affair, and censure me for
any act which I have performed. I have attempted
to force no man to vote for this resolution, nor
have I used urgent persuasions of any kind to se-
cure the support of honorable Senators. I have
spoken what I thought was true, when I said that
I thought it was a movement, in support of which
patriots of both the old political parties could unite,
from regard to the vital intei-ests of the country,
and with a view to restoring quiet and fraternal
feeling among us.
Sir, for one, I am desirous that the question of
slavery, in its various bearings, should be entirely
withdrawn from the presidential contest, and that
this important election should take place without
the least regard to what has occurred in connection
with it. But I feel bound to say that, in my
opinion, there would not have been any particular
opposition to this resolution in the Senate, if cer-
tain gentlemen, easy to be named, had not chanced
to entertain presidential aspirations. This is our
whole difficulty. Every man who is disposed to
perform his duty, independently and honestly, as
a Senator, without looking to the right or to the
left, or entering into secret arr&ngements, in order
to get a particular class of vote^ north of Mason
and Dixon's line, for some high office, (he being a^
slaveholder south of that line,) would be likely to*
approve this resolution. If there are Northern
politicians (I trust there are none such) who are
disposed to cater to undue local excitements in the
South, and by the manifesfation of an apparent
sympathy with factionists there, are striving to
arrange for additional support in that quarter of
the country, in the expected presidential contest,
I hold that they are unworthy of the respect of the
nation. The man who cannot forget all personal
aspirations, at such a moment as this—the poor
wretch, in whose heart sentiments of pure and
elevated patriotism do not display themselves, and
under circumstances like those which now exist, is
unworthy to be recognized as an American citizen.
The contemptible demagogue who would enter
into a corrupt and illicit scheme for the purpose of
securing support, as a presidential aspirant of a
particular body of" factionists in the North, by the"
avowal of more sympathy for them and their prin-
ciples than any honest Southern man can profess,
is not only unworthy of the Presidency, but unfit
to act as a constable in the most obscure hole in
the Republic.
1 believe I have given the gentleman a Rowland
for his Oliver, as I promised him I would do; and
I am content with the result of our most kindly
and amicable conference.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was very much edified,
and I might say .amused, by the leinarks of the
honorable Senator from Mississippi. I cannot
but be astonished at the temper of the gentleman.
I had not intended to say anything to excite his
ire, because I flatter myself that 1 am a prudent
man, and do not like to provoke assaults. I am
exceedingly gratified at one thing. In the course
of his entire tirade, I believe the gentleman did
not state a single fact. He has indulged in many
conjectures in relation to Free-Soilism and cater-
ing for the Presidency. Why,'I should feel that I
was not only degrading myself, but degrading the
nation and the body in the midst of which I stand,
if I would cater to the passions of men or compro-
mise my principles for the Presidency. What I
have, I have. I wish to make no new voyages.
1 am satisfied with the position which I occupy.
What I might adventure might be lost. Therefore,
I have no petty hankerings after office to gratify.
Nor have I any party intrigues to enter into. I
have had no correspondence on the subject of the
Presidency. The world is acquainted with what
1 have said. What I do, thoy make it n point to
know. The same charge was made against me
on my way here; but, as you, Mr. President,
very well know, I expressed the same sentiments
at Montgomery, Alabama, which 1 have ex-
pressed here to-day. 1 addressed a public assem-
blage there. They knew my sentiments. There
were no Free-Soilers there with whom to concoct
schemes of personal aggrandizement for presiden-
tial advancement. -The honorable Senator has no
desire to be King; but I think that for a few years
past he has been playing Warwick or King-ms-
1 ker. He has made various insinuations against
i me which I would not have made against any
1 gentleman on this floor. When I have resentr
] mems, I sneak them out. When I have charges
J to make, l make them directly. I do not imply
