1851
w f *
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
are on a parallel of equality. The idea of the Sen-
ator, as I understood it, was, that because she has
thought proper by her constitution to exercise her
franchise for electors of President and Vice Presi-
dent in a certain way, she is as reprehensible as
the Federal Government would have been if it had
done the same thing. He cannot get rid of that
proposition. The fact is that nearly every State
in the Union exercised this power in the same way
as South Carolina until very recently. In South
Carolina the people vote for the representatives
who elect the Governor. They vote for repre-
sentatives, knowing that those representatives are
to select presidential electors. They do not make
the matters of popular election directly, but they
are so indirectly, because these things are done
with intelligence. The people of South Carolina
know their rights, and they exercise them in a
way they think most conducive to the security of
the community. I am one of those who believe
that the United States is an organized confederacy
of republics. I am not one of those who believe
that it is a wild democracy. This thing of break-
ing down the conservative guarantees of State con-
stitutions will destroy the Confederacy.
The gentleman talks of the Union. It is one of
his themes. 1 believe he is the only practical
secessionist on this floor. I believe he is the only
man here who voluntarily left the Union. He
left the Confederacy and went abroad to enjoy
practically in another community these high dem-
ocratic or sans culotte doctrines which he professes.
Sir, I believe he did not go, like Conolanus, to j
make war on his ancient mother. I have never
said or believed anything of the kind. He went j
to make his fortune, and I award to him all the
reputation of being historically connected with
the creation of the State which he now so very
ably represents. I shall deny him nothing. But
I do say, and I say it now for the first time, that
he is the last man who should speak unfavorably
of South Carolina. Look at the course of South
Carolina in connection with the history of Texas.
Who proposed for the first time m the Senate of
the United States to recognize the independence of
Texas? He was a Senator from South Carolina—
William C. Preston. Who supported it in the other
House? My friend and relative, General John-
son. Who consummated it? My distinguished
predecessor and colleague, Mr. Calhoun—with an
ability for which the gentleman ought to feel an '
obligation instead of a disposition to throw impu- j
tations on his memory. Sir, who was the hero of \
the Alamo ? Who commanded the troops with so
much gallantry at the battle of San Jacinto ? A citi-
zen and native of South Carolina, my friend Gen-
eral Rusk. Who wasthegallantTravis? He was
born not more than five miles from my place of
birth. His gallant compeer, Bonham, drank out
of the same spring, and went to the same school.
Who advanced money for Texas when she needed
it? A South Carolinian. Who have had a greater
agency, next to the gentleman himself, in bring-
ing into existence a political association with this
Confederacy the State of Texas than the people
of South Carolina? Yet it is the institutions of
that State the gentleman is continually aspersing:
" How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is
To have a thankless child."
The honorable Senator has expressed kind feel-
ings for me and for my family. X believe he en- j
tertams them; but I cannot suffer my mother and ,
my country to be assailed under compliments of
the kind. The injustice which has been pro- |
nounced upon that State more than once, must be !
rebuked, or I cannot hold my place upon this floor ]
with anything like feelings of perfect equality.
No mall on this floor has the right to look into ,
the institutions of another State. I will not have i
the indecency to do so. Suppose I were to look :
into the institutions of Texas, and hold up some-
thing that I might not approve, what would be j
thought of it? It has only been done on this floor
by the Senator from Texas in relation to South
Carolina. It is the fourth time it has been done
by him.
I have not said that the gentleman is a candi-
date for the Presidency and is fishing for popular
support. If he were to fish in South Carolina for
popular support, and to appeal to the people, as
distinguished from the rulers, as he calls them, he
would iish with a hook so naked that the people
would see and despise it. I know, sir, that a
t deal might be said on this subject. I do not
wish to protract this debate, for I do not feel that
the institutions of South Carolina are in danger
from the gentleman's attacks. Coke's Comment-
aries upon Littleton have been read, and have in-
structed the great lawyers of the land. Justinian
has embalmed and given immortality to the Pan-
dects. I suppose we shall have a book coming
out, "Houston on the Constitution of South
Carolina," as equal with them in literary merit
and instructive matter. I am willing to let it go
forth with all the authority of the Senator's high
name.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is seldom that I ask the
indulgence of the Senate; it is with regret that I
ask that indulgence now. I started upon the
compromise resolution, but I believe we have
travelled off and around it until we have got to
"Coke and Justinian." I am really very sorry
that the honorable Senator from South Carolina
has gone so much into detail in relation to the po-
sition I bear to his State. It would appear from
his remarks that I had wantonly, at various times,
made attacks on South Carolina. 1 will be a little
personal to myself, but I hope not egotistical, in
stating the only occasions on which 1 made any
allusions to the constitution of South Carolina.
The- first difficulty that originated was with a dis-
tinguished citizen of South Carolina, and I hope
the gentleman did not understand me as casting
the slightest reflection on the late Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.]
Mr. BUTLKR. The Senator said that he did
not intend to cast any such reflection; therefore
I must believe him. I always confide in that
Senator's word.
Mr. HOUSTON. I said that I buried any re-
sentment which I might have had against him,
and I wished it so understood. I have 110 resent-
ments against the dead. I was proceeding to state
that the'first thing m this controversy was the de-
nunciation of me by that distinguished man, when
he said that I ought to be held up to public repro-
bation for voting for the Oiegon bill. I adverted
to that matter in ah address to my constituents.
The next cause was a letter which I received of a
most abusive character from Colonel Gadsden, of
that State. I responded to it. I was not the as-
sailant 111 either case. The next cause was, that
a member of the other House issued a most scur-
rilous publication against me. I repelled that; so
that I was merely acting defensively. At the con-
clusion of the last session an attack was made on
me by a Senator, which was followed up by
another. I am now repelling that attack, which I |
had not the opportunity of doing then. I care
not what others may think about it; but I thought
it due to myself that I should let these facts be
known. I designed no reflection beyond the facts.
I intended to say nothing in derogation of the State
of South Carolina, or of her citizens.
We have lately seen a practical manifestation
of the truth of my remarks. The Legislature has
taken one course in the recent proceedings in that
State; the matter was submitted to the people;and
notwithstanding the unanimity of the Legislature,
we find that the people, by eight thousand ma-
jority, negatived the course indicated, so that I am
right m relation to the matter in South Carolina.
The Senator says that I am a practical seces-
sionist. I never was a secessionist. If I left my
own to visit an adjacent country, it was no seces-
sion from principle or from allegiance to this coun-
try. If a new government was formed, and I was
a part of that government, I owed my allegiance
to it, but that did not make me an enemy to my
native land. It is said South Carolina has imposed
obligations on Texas in her veriest need. I rec-
ollect that a Governor of SoutlrCarolina denounced
Texas and her cause when she was bleeding at
every pore. When her women and children were
fugitives, and distracted with fear and apprehen-
sion—when an invading and victorious enemy
were sweeping over her plains—then it was that
a Governor of South Carolina denounced us as
vagrants and vagabonds. Sir, if this imposed an
obligation upon us in our veriest need, I have yet
to learn a sense of gratitude for such favors. We
honor the memory of the gallant sons of South
Carolina who fell in the Texan contest, and we
have recompensed their representatives as far as
possible; but to say that South Carolina ever aided
Texas in the advance of one penny- 
Mr. BUTLER. I never said that South Caro-
lina did.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the gentleman Says,-1
suppose, that some of her citizens did,
Mr. BUTLER. I have athvays understood so.
Mr. HOUSTON. I assure the gentleman that
he is mistaken in his apprehension. I do not mean
any disrespect to South Carolina. I have stated
facts. I intended to make no disreputable inti-
mation. I can assure the gentleman that I am not ,
fishing for the favor of South Carolina. I do not
like the sea-board, and in the mountains they have
nothing but trout, and I never was a fisherman. I
would not fish for political influence in South
Carolina particularly, until some change or modi-
fication taies place in the power of the people to
express their opinions. I do say, once for all,
that 1 do not intend to reflect on the people of
South Carolina, or on the memory of the illustri-
ous dead. I am sorry we have had such a ramb-
ling, desultory debate to-day ,t>ut I have done with
it.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not knoy
that I shall make the motion which it was ray in-
tention to make when I at first rose.
Mr. BADGER. I must beg, as a favor of
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire, that
he will allow me one moment for the ^purpose of
making an explanation
Mr. HALE. 1 have given way already an hour
and a half for explanations, and I shall never get the
floor in the world if I give way any more. I do
not. know that 1 shall make the motion which I at
first intended to make, which was to lay the sub-
ject on the table. I am too unpopular to cairy the
'motion, and too good-natured to persist in it, par-
ticularly when I have been notified that several
gentleman want to speak upon it. But I do hope
that at a verv early day the motion will be made. I
wish to call "the attention of the Senate, and of the
Senator from Mississippi, who is about to leave us,
to one fact. He says, and I have no doubt of it, that
his intention in introducing the resolution was to
produce a brotherly feeling. Well, I think the
exhibition he has had hereto-day will satisfy him,
that so far as we have had any experimental knowl-
edge of the effects of his brotherly resolution, it has
been a failure.
Mr. FOOTE. I never expected, when 1 intro-
duced the resolution, that it would pass without
opposition. I expected that e\ery Abolitionist
would oppose it, of course; that every Free-Soiler
and every disunionist would oppose it. I expected
that all from the South who were catering for Free-
Soil votes at the North, and that all from the North
who were catering for secession votes at the South,
would oppose it; but I believed that all patriotic
votes—that is, tha votes of all the rest of the mem-
bers of the Senate—would be given in favor of the
resolution. 1 wanted the fight to take place here. I
thought the factionists would die hard; but die they
must. I thought, however incompetent_ I" might
be for destroying such monsters, that I might have
a chance for striking one or two blows more for
my country.
Mr. HALE. I think that the illustrations of
the healing and brotherly influence which this
resolution is to produce, was best manifested by
the state of mind in which the Senator from Mis-
sissippi himself addressed the Senate. It was the
operation which it had produced upon himself
that induced me to come to the conclusion that it
could not produce brotherly feeling.
The Senator said he expected the Free-Smlers
to die hard. Why, we can die without making
as much fuss as the Senator does in living upon
this earth. I think we shall not have as many
spasmodic throes as he has in the full life and ex-
periment of the resolution itself. You know, Mr.
President, that I am a diffident man; but I think
I have a right to advise these gentlemen from the
South upon this subject. I appeal to the Senate,
that when w.e had ihis agitation on our side we
managed it in much better temper, and more
quietly. If this resolution is to operate on the
country as it has operated upon the Senate, the
effect will be to throw the patient into fits before,
it is cured. But that may be the intention of the
physician. He may.be one of those doctors who
cannot cure a patient without throwing him into
fits. It is said that there are some such. I be-
lieve conscientiously that this resolution is not
calculated to do any good in the world: and it cer-
tainly cannot be the object of the gentleman from
I Mississippi to kill off the Free-Soilers before fie
1 retires; for he announced here during the last Con-
