1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
sion of the rules, you can present a report which
is not a repoi t?
Mi. BAYLY. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe I am entitled to
the floor. i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio j
[Mr. Stanton] is entitled to the floor. j
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Vir- j
ginia [Mr. Bayly] took the floor from me, and j
propounded a question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia j
[Mr. Bayly] withdraws his motion. Thegende- i
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] must reinem- ■
ber that it is not a debatable question, and he is ,
not entitled to the floor. ;
Mr. HOUSTON. The chair must recollect, ,
that I was upon the floor, and the gentleman from
Virginia TMr. Bayly] had no right to withdraw '
his motion, and take the floor from me. I should
like to know, if the motion can be withdrawn
when I am upon the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston,] upon the giound that he ;
was not entitled to the floor, the question not be- |
ing debatable. ,
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a question of fact, and j
I do not wish to submit a question of that sort to j
the House. I was upon the floor, recognized by |
the Chair, and propounded aquestion, and intend- j
ed to propound additional questions, when the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] interrupted
me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama will remember, that these questions can be 1
propounded only by the courtesy of the House,
and under the rules of the House, he cannot de-
cide that the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] is entitled to the floor. 1
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I movefo suspend
the rules of the House, so as to enable me to sub- ,
mit a report from the Committee on Roads and :
Canals, in regard to the construction of a canal
around the Falls of the Ohio. |
Mr. HAMILTON objected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
motion, and there being only thirty-five m the i
affirmative, the rules weie not suspended.
adjournment of congress. \
Mr. ROBB1NS asked the unanimous consent |
of the House to offer the following resolution: I
Resolved, (with the concurrence of the Senate,) That the
Pre-ident of the Senate and Speaker ot tile Ilou-e of Rep-
resentatives elo.se the present s-cssion of congress by an ad- i
lournmr-nt of their respective Houses on Monday, the fifth ;
day of July next, atthe hom of twelve o'clock, mendian. :
Mr. CHANDLER objected. i
Mr. ROBBINS moved a suspension of the rules ;
to enable him to offer the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded the yeas and
nays on this motion; but only eighteen members
rising, they were not ordered.
Ml. CLINGMAN called for tellers on the de-
mand for the yeas and nays; but they were not
ordered. ,
The question was then taken on Mr. Bobbins s ,
motion, and (two thirds not voting in the affirma- J
tive,) it was disagreed to. j
branch mint in california.
Mr. McCORKLE asked the unanimous con- j
sent of the House to enable the Committee of
Ways and Means to report a bill for the estab-
lishment of a branch mint at San Francisco,
which that committee had been prepared to report
for some time.
Mr MARSHALL, of Kentucky, ob|ected.
Mr. McCORKLE moved a suspension of the
rUAnd the yeas and nays being put, the House
refused to "suspend the rules, (two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.)
report from committee on printing.
Mr. GORMAN. As much anxiety has been
manifested this morning on the subject of a report
from the Committee on Printing, I will state to
the House that I have commenced the prepara-
tion of a report, but I do it without law. 1 ask
the House, however, to indulge me till to-morrow
morning to write out the report, as I cannot do it
here, and I will then present it to the House the
first thing after the meeting of the House
morrow.
to-
[Loud cries from all parts of the Hall, of
"Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
PRINTING OF THE CENSUS.
Mr. SMITH asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That it is unnecessary and inexpedient to
print the e«>n«?us reports upon the plan as presented by the
Secretary of the Interior.
Resolved, That, with a view to economy and public con-
venience, a committee of three be appointed, whose duly it
shall betoinquue into the expediency of so condensing and
arranging the said census reports that the same may be em-
braced in one volume, arid to bring in a plan ot condensa-
tion, and a bill to carry out the same.
Mr. DAWSON objected.
Mr. SMITH moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to introduce the resolutions; and on
that motion he asked for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays; which were ordered; and Messrs. Chand-
ler and Fuller of Maine were appointed.
And the question being put, the tellers reported
35 m the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANLY. Suppose the House adjourns
now, will this matter come up in the morning hour
to-morrow, or on Monday next?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises.
Mr. STANLY. In order to save time, I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The question being put, the motion was dis-
agreed to, on a division—ayes 64, noes 78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on Mr. Smith's motion
to suspend the rules—
Mr. TUCK moved that the rules be suspended;
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chains of opinion that,
as the motion of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Smith,] and the motion of the gentleman
from New Hampshiie, [Mr. Tuck,] are both
privileged motions, they must be taken in the
order in which they were made. The motion of
the gentleman from Alabama is of such a character
that it must be put before a motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state ot the Union
can intervene.
The question was then taken on Mr. Smith's
motion, and there were—yeas 78, nays 77; as fol-
lows:
YEAS Messis. Willis Allen, John Appleton, Averett,
ThomasH. Bajlv, Barrore, Bocock, Biasg, 13teuton,Buell,
Joseph Cable, Chastam, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, John G.
Davis, Dean, Doty, Eastman, Edmundson, Fitch, Floi-
ence, Floyd, Gamble, Giow, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond,
Isham G. Hams, Sampson W. Harris llendncks, Hous-
ton, Howard, Ingersoll, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, James Johm-on, John Johnson, Groisre W. Jones. J.
G. Jones, pjeston King. Lockliait, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, McDonald, McMnlhn, McUuccri, Mill.son, More-
head, iVIunay. Nabeis, Old?, On, Outlaw, Samuel W. Par-
kei, Pcasieej I'ejiminan, Peikms, Phelp-, Polk, Robbing
llus^ell, Sackett, Schoolcraft, David L. Seymour, Skelton,
Smart, Smith, Snow, Itieliaid H. Stanton, Abraham P. Ste-
vens, Stone, Stratton, George W Thompson, Vcnable,
Wallace, Watkins, and Woodward—78.
NAYS—Me^rs. Allison, William Applcton, Baitlett,
Bennett, Bowie, Bowne, Bng£"«,I i<>ok>-, Bunowc-, E. Car
nngton Cabell, ("handler, Chapman, Cullom, Dawson,
Dockcrv, Durkte, Edgerton, Fowler, Freeman, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Gajloid, Gentry, Goodenuw, Goodrich, Gor-
man Grey, Ilarpfr, Haven, Henn, Hibhard,Horst'oul,John
W Howe, Huntei. Hubert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
George G. King, Kulms, Kuitz, Landry, Mann, Martin,
Ma-mi, McCorkle, MeLauahau,McNair, Meacham,Miller,
Mtner, Molony, Hcmv D. Moore, Newton, Andrew Par-
ker, Portei, Price, llo<s, Seheim<?i!iorn, Scurry. Stanh,
Benjamin Stanton, Fiedenck P. Stanton, Tbaddeus Ste-
vens, Stnait, Suthinland. Taylor, Benjamin Thompson,
• Thurston, Tuck, Wall budge, Walsh, Ward, W ashburn,
,! Wells, Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams, and \atos
! j So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
'' rules were not suspended.
BILLS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
"Mr. HIBBARO. There are many bills from
the Senate on the Speaker's table, which it is
highly important should be acted upon. A portion
of them have lain there for more than two months.
Such delay is a reproach to legislation. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the House now procced to dispose of such
bills from the Senate on the Speaker's table as shall not be
objected to, and shall not ^-ive use to debate.
Mr. OUTLAW objected.
Mr. HIBBARD moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer the resolution; and on that
motion he demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
question being put, the motion to suspend the
rules was disagreed to, (two thirds not voting m
the affirmative.)
Mr. HOUSTON. It is evident that we shall
accomplish nothing by these motions to suspend
the rules, and I therefore ask the House, by unan-
imous consent, to proceed to the call of commit-
tees for reports.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, objected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to suspend the rules,
to enable me to move that there be a call of com-
mittees for reports. We ouglil to do something or
other.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Alabama to withdraw that motion, to enable me
to submit a resolution which it is necessary should
be passed. A new post route has been established
m my district, and, by order of the Department,
the mail is being carried on that route; but the
Postmaster General has no authority to pay for
carrying it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would gladly yield to the
gentleman, but there are several gentlemen here
who are making similar requests, and I must,
therefore, decline to withdraw my motion.
Mr. OUTLAW moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
Mr. LETCBIER called for tellers on the ad-
journment; and they were ordered.
Mr. OUTLAW withdrew the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. FITCH renewed it.
Mr. CLARK demanded tellers; which were
ordeied, and Messrs. Chandler and Fuller
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 73, noes 36.
So the motion was carried in the affirmative, and
The House adjourned till twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, metnouals, See., were presented
under the rule, and relcrred to the nppiopriatc committees :
By Mr MACE: A memorial tiom James Mehany, of
Montgomery county, Indiana, asking for a grant of land to
construct a railtoud liomThorntown, Boone county, Indi-
ana. to some suitable point on the Pacific ocean, in Oiegou,
via New Richmond, Attica, up JPme Creek, so a* to pass
north of Walnut Grove, Peoria, south to the Kansas river;
al<o, to erect a monument on said road, at some suitable
point, in the State ol Illinois to the memory of Christopher
Columbia, five hundred feet high, surmounted with the
Holy Bible.
By Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania* The resolutions of the
Lem^Jatuie ol Pennsylvania, in relation to the Woodwortb
patent.
Also, the resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
in relation to the canal around the Falls of the Ohio.
Al^o, the petition of citizens of Schuylkill county, for the
mciease ot compensation to the deputy matshais foi taking
the census".
By Mr. MARTIN : The remonstrance of 100 inhabitants
ofCattaiaugus county, New York, against the renewal of
the Wood worth patent.
By Ml. IIOBBJNS: The petition of Benjamin Sage,
William M. Evans, and 3-1 other citizens, of the county of
Philadelphia, asking Congiess to modify the bounty laud
actot September 28, 1650, so a^ to give each peison in-
tended ro be benefited thereby, and to each teaman and
marine who served in said war, not less than one handled
and fixtj acre? of laud.
By Mr. PARKER, ot Pennsylvania: The remonstrance
of William Bakei and 91 others, of Blair county, Penn-
sylvania, against any action by Congress legalizing the
Wheeling budge over the Ohio, at it* pre&ent height.
ANo, the remonstrance of David Watson and 90 others,
citizens of Blan county, Pennsylvania, of similar import.
HyMr.KUHNS: The joint resolutions ot the State of
Pennsylvania, advoise to the Woodwortb patent.
Also, the joint ic&olutions ot the State of Pennsylvania
relative to the constiuctjou of a canal around the falls of
the Ohio uv«i. at Loui-villc.
By Mr. PITCH : The remonstrance of John Winder and
others, citizen* o! illkhart county. Indiana, against the re-
newal ot a patPnt to Austin and Zcbulon Paiker " for al-
leged improvement upon ieaction water-wheels."
By Mi. POUTER - The petition of James P. Harrison,
assistant marshal of Pulaski county, Missouri, and that of
John Oi ricks, assistant marshal of St. Chaiies countv, Mis-
souri, each asking additional compensation tor taking the
seventh census
By Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania : Resolutions, of the
Lcgislatuie ot' Pennsylvania againft the extension of the
Woodwoith patent.
Also, resolutions from the same, in favor of theconstruc-
tion of a canal around the falls of the Ohio river.
Also, resolutions ot the Pennsylvania State Agricultural
Society, in favor of the establishment of an Agricultural
B Also^memonal of citizens of Pennsylvania against the
extensiou of the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of William R. Dim
