1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
something like a dozen. They have been em-
ployed in making examinations—they have gone
through the Journals, reports, and laws—they have
examined written and printed reports—they have
examined the files, and in fact everything relating
to the action of the House upon the various claims
which had been before it as well as the Senate.
They have, as I understand, completed the alliter-
ation of all the letters of the alphabet, except per-
haps the letters M, S, and T. They have made
extracts from printed reports, laws, and the files
of the House, and arranged them under their re-
spective letters. That is the condition of the work,
so far as the alliteration is concerned. The late
Clerk, being exceedingly anxious to hasten the
work, thought prSper to have the copies of the allit-
eration under the two first letters of the alphabet,
A and B, sen£to the printer, and they have been
printed.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question? Was it not understood
that this work was to be finished by the 1st of
September last?
Mr. DANIEL. It was so expected, sir; but,
as I have stated, it was not so finished. There
was no just idea of the immense amount of labor
which it involved. The object of the index or
•digest is for the purpose of reference to claims
which have been before Congress. It must be
obvious to the House that the same claims may
appear under different names. For instance, an
original claimant presents a claim. After it has
been pending some time, he dies. Then his rep-
resentative presents Jt. The claim would appear
first in the name of the original claimant, which
name might begin with the letter A, and subse-
quently it would appear in the name of his repre-
sentative-—sometimes of assignees. The letters
A and B have been prepared and sent to the
printer before a comparison of the alliteration
under subsequent letters had been made; and,
therefore, there is no reference of cases under
those two letters to the same cases appearing
under different names beginning with subsequent
letters of the alphabet. Aftqr sending the work
so far as it was supposed to be completed to the
printer, the clerks, on proceeding with a compari-
son of other letters, found that there were many
cases under other letters that ought to be referred
to under letters A and B, and that the work would
be imperfect unless it should be suspended until
the alliteration was completed, and the copies for
the printer be compared with the originals, and
they with the Journals, reports, &c. Although
this work is far more accurate and extended than
the work of the Senate, there are, it seems,
some mistakes in copying as well as in the ab-
stracts, which we are anxious to have corrected,
and have, if possible, an accurate work, and not
an imperfect work, like the Digest of the Senate.
That, I understand, is exceedingly imperfect. I
am informed that there are thousands of cases
which have been before the Senate, and upon
which they have acted, which are not to be found
in the Digest. So that that Digest is calculated to
mislead as to cases which it does not embrace,
but which have in truth been acted upon by the
Senate; and I understand there are thousands
of cases that have been omitted. This we wish j
to avoid in the Digest under consideration. If !
the Digest which has been prepared thus far, j
should be suffered to go to the printer, although :
incomplete and inaccurate in some respects, yet it :
would be valuable, and might aid m guarding ;
against imposition, but would be more valuable if
accurate. These matters have been taken into
consideration by the Committee of Claims, and
they have instructed me to report a resolution
which directs the Clerk of the House to withhold
the work"from the printer until the entire allitera-
tion has been gone through with and compared,
and an examination of the Journals, laws, and files
of the House have been made, so as to insure th^e
greatest possible degree of accuracy. There is
another matter embraced in the resolution which£
the committee thought proper to bring to the con-
sideration of the House. This is a matter which
falls within the contract of the printer of the last
Congress. If the work should be suspended
as proposed, a claim might be set up by the
printer to the present Congress, and the committee
have thought proper to provide by resolution, that
the work should oe done by the printer who has
heretofore performed a part of it. He has his
type already set up, and can correct with less
trouble and expense the ^defects which exist lender
the letters A and B, than to make an entire reprint
of the work. I will state to the House, that the
committee have been informed by the clerk of the
Senate Committee on Printing, and one of the print-
ers engaged about the work, that the cost of the
printing which has been already done, if that should
be thrown aside, will be a little the rise of two
thousand dollars. Fourteen hundred copies of the
work, under the letters A and B, and some per-
haps under the letter C, have been printed. The
committee thought it would be best even to pay
that sum to have the work accurate. They be-
lieve that a great deal of the woik which has been
printed under letters A and B, might be embraced
in subsequent reprints; so that the probability is, if!
the House see fit to act upon the suggestions of the
committee, the cost will be much less than $2,000.
It is supposed if they were to compare the copies
with the original abstracts, under the different
letters, it would require some two or three months
to have the work ready for the printer; and to
compare the abstracts with the Journals, reports,
and laws, might require some four or five months
more. The number of clerks employed at present
is about twelve, as before stated, and they receive
the compensation of engrossing clerks—salaries
of $1,500 per annum. The House can see, there-
fore, what the additional cost will be. I suppose,
if the work shall be so prepared and so printed
as to insure that accuracy which the committee
think highly desirable, the whole cost will be up-
wards of $20,000—perhaps as high as $25,000.
Even if the cost should reach that sum, it might
save the Treasury double, treble, even ten times
the amount in a single Congress. I trust that
with these explanations there will be no objection
to the resolutions, and that they will be adopted.
I desire to add one single remark, which I omit-
ted. I understand from the clerks who have been
engaged in this investigation, that the indices to
the Journals and the reports of the House have
been found to be exceedingly inaccurate. In one
case several hundred matters that have been before
the House are not indexed at all. I make this re-
mark with the hope that those engaged in prepar-
ing the indices will pay more attention in future.
Mr. JONES, of lennessee, called for the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. |
The question was then taken on agreeing to the |
resolution, and on adivision there were—ayes 100, I
noes 38. !
So the resolution was agreed to. i
Mr. SACKETT moved to reconsider the vote \
just taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed to. '
RECEPTION OF LOUIS KOSSUTH.
Mr. CARTTER asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion :
" Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed by the
Chair to wait upon Louis Kossuth on his arrival at the
capital, and introduce him to the House of Representa-
tives."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the rules be sus-
pended, to enable him to introduce the resolution.
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I desire to debate
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The motion now is, to sus-
pend the rules to enable the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cautter] to offer his resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and there were—yeas 111,
nays 58; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs!. Willis Allen, Allison, Andiews, John
Appleton, Babcoek, Baitlctt, Bennett, Bissell, Bownc,
John II. Boyd, lirenton, Brigg*;, Bu^by, Joseph Cable,
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chandler, Chapman,
.Cha^taui, Olatk, Cleveland, Clmgman, Cobb, Congei, C'ur-
ti«s, Geotge T. Davih, John G. Davis. Disney, Doty, Dur-
kee, Eastman, Faulkner, Ficklin, Florence, Floyd, Fowler,
Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord,
Gentry, Giddmgp, Green, Grey, Grow, I-Iascall, Hendriek^
Ilibbard, Horsfoid, Howard, John W. Howe, Tliomas M.
Howe, Ingersoll, Ives, John Johnson, J. Glancy Jones,
Preston King, Kuhns>, Kurtz, Landry, Letcher, Mace, Ed-
ward C. Marshall, Mason, McDonald, McNair, Molony,
II. D. Moore, Murray, tfabers, Newton, Olds, Andrew Par-
ker, Peaslee, Peninman, Perkins, Polk, Rantoul, Itieliaid-
son, Robbing, Robie, Robinson, Sackett, Seherniorhoin,
Seudder, David L. Seymour, Ongen S. Seymour, Skelton,
Smart, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Richard fl. Stanton,
Abraham P. Stevens, Stone, St. Martin, Stuart, Sutherland,
Sweetser, George W. Thompson, Thurston, Townshend,
Tuck, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Welch,- Ad-
dison White, Wildrick, and Yates—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Ashe,- Averett,
Barrere, Thomas H. Bayly, Bxbighaus, Bocock; Bragg,
Breckenridge, Albert G. Brown, E. Carnngton Cabell,
Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cullom, Daniel, Dockery,
Dunham, Edmundson, Evans, Fitch, Goodenow, Hall,
Hamilton, Hammond, Harper, Sampson W. Harris, Ha-
ven, Hebard, Henn, Hillyer, Holladay, Houston, Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, James Johnson,George W. Jones, Lock-
hart, Humphrey Marshall, Martin, McMuJlin, MiHson,
Morehead, Mornson, Murphy, Orr, Penn, Powell, Scurry,
Smith, Stanly, Alexander II. Stephens, Taylor, Benjamin
Thompson, Venable, Watktns, Wilcox, and Williams—58.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, asked leave to
record his vote, being without the bar when his
name was called; but objection was made.
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
HOLDERS OF BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. BRENTON, by unanimous consent, and
pursuant to previous notice, introduced a bill "for
the relief of the holders of bounty land warrants
issued under the act of September 28, 1850."
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title. ~
Mr. BRENTON. I wish to make a very few
remarks in reference to that bill. It is one which,
in my opinion, demands the prompt and speedy
action of Congress; and if I had confidence in the '
general correctness of its phraseology, I would
ask the House to pass upon it immediately, with-
out any reference to a committee.
The object of the bill is to permit the location of
these bounty land warrants upon lands above the
minimum price of ftl 25 per acre; and.also to con-
firm the titles of the holders of land of that char-
acter that has already been located. Under the
present law the Commissioner has suspended the
operation of locations at several offices upon lands
of that character. Many warrants have been loca-
ted upon these lands uncler the instructions appli-
cable to the location of Mexican bounty land war-
rants; but those locations have been suspended,
and it is important that they shall be confirmed, in
addition to extending the privilege of locating on
these lands, to the present holders. Again, patents
have already been issued upon locations that have
been made of the character described in the bill,
and it is important that the last section shall pass
in order to confirm the titles of the present holders
of these patents. The offices where there are lands
of this character are now suspended, as far as the
location of warrants is concerned, and have been
since some time m the month of September last.
I myself know of hundreds of cases where indi-
viduals are now held in suspense—locations having
been made and the Commissioner having author-
ized the canceling of those locations in same in-
stances and the .suspension of them in others. It
is therefore important that the patents of the hold-
ers shall be legalized.
Believing that the bill can meet with no objection
from any part of the House, I ask that it be put
upon its passage immediately. If objection is *
made, I shall move its reference to the appropriate
committee.
Mr. HALL. This is a bill of considerable im-
portance, and I do not think it ought to be passed
without being examined by a committee. 1 there-
fore move its reference to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. BISSELL moved that the ruWs be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittpe of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of taking up for consideration the
joint resolution explanatory of the act approved
September 28th, 1850, entitled " An act granting
bounty lands to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States."
Mr. B. said: If the House will indulge me for
a single moment, I will state that there are matters
contained in this resolution which require prompt
action on the part of this House. I know of no
measure that has been or can be brought before
us that requires prompt action more than the mat-
ters embraced in this resolution. I hope, therefore,
that there will be no objection to going into com-
mittee and passing it to-day.
The resolution provides, amongst other things,
