1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
I beg to assure the honorable Senator from
Tennessee that it is not with the least discourteous
feeling toward him that I have made this request;
and, m taking my seat I will say, that my colleague
most cheerfully gives way, and hopes that the
Senator from Tennessee will go on with his re-
marks, which I have no doubt will afford us all a
great deal ot' pleasure.
Mr. FELCH. I have not the control of the
bill which was under discussion yesterday, and as
the Senate very well understands, I have uni-
formly voted against taking it up. I commenced
some remarks yesterday, however, in regard to
it, and I certainly did desire to conclude them to-
day. I am aware that u must be a dull speech
upon a dull subject, and [ wished to get it off my
hands as soon as I could conveniently. But I
most cheerfully yield, if it can be understood that
I can proceed to-morrow and close my remaiks.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will, wuh the consent of
the Senate, withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays.
Consent being given, the call-was withdrawn.
Mr. BADGER. I was going to mention that
I hope the Senator from Aiaine will have no hesi-
tation, after what has been said by the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. EELeH,}m giving my friend
from Tennessee an opportunity to be heard to-day.
And I was about to add, that I have given notice
that on Thursday I should ask the Senate to take
up a certain matter, to the consideration of which
1 have some claims upon the courtesy of the Sen-
ate; but rather than interfere with business which
Senators are anxiously pressing upon the consid-
eration of the Senate, tf they yield now to the
Senator from Tennessee, on Thursday 1 will
waive any purpose I may have then to address
the Senate.
The motion to postpone all pievious orders, for
the purpose of resuming the consideration of the
joint resolutions relative to non-intervention, was
then agreed to.
Mr. BELL then addressed the Senate for two
hours and a half against the intervention doctrine.
[His speech will be found m the Appendix.]
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, 1 know that the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Fei.ch] desires the
floor to-morrow to continue his remarks upon the
French spoliation bill; and that the Senator from
North Carolina. [Mr. Baduek] is waiting for a day
to finish his speech, commenced some tsvo months
ago. 1 am willing to occupy any portion of the
time of the Senate that it shall allot to me, m the
course of a few days, on the subject which is now
under discussion.
Several Senators suggested to-morrow week.
Mr. COOPER. It is suggested that to-morrow
week will be a convenient day. 1 have no objec-
tion, if that be the pleasure of the Senate. I de-
Hire to submit my views on the question at some
time, and I wish to do so at such time as will
best suit the convenience of the Senate. I move
to postpone the further consideration of these reso-
lutions until to-morrow week.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania* that the deficiency bill is
pressing upon us. I must endeavor to get it up
to-morrow or next day.
Mr. COOPER. My motion is to postpone the
subject until to-morrow week.
Mr. HUNTER, i hope we shall get through
the deficiency bill by that tune, but, at all events,
I am willing to agree to that day.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPEDITION TO JAPAN.
Mc. BORLAND. I desire to make a remark
somewhat in the nature of a personal explanation
of my own course with regard to the resolution of
inquiry which I introduced some time since in re-
lation to the expedition to Japan. \ stated to the
Senate the other morning, that I should call it up,
and ask its consideration again. Since then, at
the request of other Senators, I have agreed to let
it he, for the reason that a Senator proposes to in-
troduce a similar resolution m Executive session,
calling for the information to he communicated by
the President to rhe Senite m Executive session.
It is proper that 1 should say that \ do not ap-
prove of such a proceeding, but as many who de-
sire this information as much as 1 do, seem to
think that will be the better course, f have aureed
to it, nor yielding, however, my opposition to all
such proceedings in Executive session.
On motion, the Senate adjourned*
| HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
j Tuesday, April 13, 1H52,
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
; by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
\ The Journal of yesterday was read,
j Mr. GOODENOW. I rise to a privileged ques-
j tion. The resolutions which I had the honor to
| introduce yesterday, from the Legislature of the
j. State of Maine, are reported in the Journal as
' having been referred, in part, to the Committee on
1 the Post Office and Post Roads, and in pait to the
; Committee on Roads and Canals. I moved to
, refer them, in part, to the Committee on Roads
i and Canals, and in part to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. I ask that the Journal may be cor-
| rected.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects per-
j fectly well that the gentleman did ask to have them
! refened to two different committees,
j Mr. GOODENOW. I ask that the Journal
(maybe corrected, by inserting "the Committee
j on Public Lands,'' instead of " the Committee on
! Roads and Canals."
j The SPEAKER. The correction will be made.
The Journal was then approved.
The SPEAKER.. The first business in order is
| the bill to enforce discipline in the Navy. The
motion pending is to recommit to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, obtained the
floor.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the House, on yesterday, refused to sus-
pend the rules, so as to enable the gentleman from
Mississippi [Air. Brown] to mtrodueea resolution
relative to the public printing.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
that motion is not in oider. It not being in order
to move to suspend the rules upon any day ex-
cept Monday, the Chair thinks the action of the
I House in relation to such motions must be con-
; lined to that day.
Mr. STANTON. I did not suppose it was in
j order to suspend the ltiles, but 1 thought the
j motion to reconsider might be made now, so that
j it would come upas unfinished business on Mon-
! day uext.
| The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
I that it has been the practice of the House not to
i allow motions to reconsider motions to suspend
I the rules. All action upon such a motion must be
| confined exclusively to the time at which the m<>-
| tion was made. The Chair, howe\er, will con-
i sider the question of order, so that the gentleman
; may have all the benefit of it to which he is en-
. titled.
| Mr. STANTON. I wish merely to say that I
. voted upon this motion yesterday, as doubtless
j did a good many others, without knowing what
^ the resolution was. If I had known, I should have
' voted differently.
1 The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the gen-
, tleman from Ohio, that upon examination he finds
1 that the House, during the last session of Con-
i gress, decided that a motion to reconsider a motion
: to suspend the rules was not in order. The Speak-
er made that deusion, and the House acquiesced
: In conformity to that precedent, the Chair now
, decides that the gentleman's motion is not in
1 order.
i Mr. FREEMAN. I ask the gentleman from
; Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] Jo give way for a mo-
: mont, m oider to allow me to present certain res-
I olutions from the Legislatuie of Mississippi.
: Mr. STANTON , of Tennessee. I will yield for
; that purpose.
| Mr. FREEMAN then, by unanimous consent,
| introduced the following lesoluuons; which were
j severally disposed of as indicated below:
' A memorial of the Legislature of Mississippi,
j asking an appi opriation to remove a sand bar fi om
[ the mouth of the Pascagoula river; referred to
i the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
: printed.
, A memorial and resolution of the Legislature of
I Mississippi, asking a donation of the public lands
j to the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad: refeired
j to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
, to be printed.
I A joint resolution of the Suite of Mississippi,
] asking a donation of the public lands to aid m the
• construction of the Gulf and Ship Island Railroad;
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
A memorial of the Legislature of Mississippi,
praying for the erection of a custom-house at
JBiloxi, and also for the delivery of the mail twice
a week between Biloxi and New Orleans, and in-
termediate places; and a weekly mail from Jack-
son to Mobile; referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be punted.
Mr. SCUDDER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented certain resolutions from the Legislature of
Massachusetts, instructing the Senators and re-
questing the Representatives from that State to
b use their influence to procure an appropriation to
j prevent the destruction of Cape Cod harbor, m that
|l State; which were referred to the Committee on
' Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
'! Mr. CHANDLER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a preamble and resolutions from the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania, requestmgtheSenators and
Representatives from that State to use all proper
means to have some action taken by Congress for
the construction of a canal around the Falls of the
Ohio river, at Louisville; which were referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if the morning hour has commenced?
The SPEAKER. It has commenced.
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented certain resolutions of the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, instructing the Senators and request-
ing the Representatives from that State to use all
honorable means to prevent any further extension
by Congress of the Woodworth patent, for an
improvement m the method of planing, &c.: which
weie referred to the Committee on Patents, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a preamble and resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania in relation to constructing
a canal around the falls of the Ohio river at Louis-
\ille; which were referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, and ouleied to be printed,
ji Air. ROBBINS, by unanimous consent, pre-
j sented lesolutions from the Legislature of Penn-
' sylvania upon the same subject; which wpre re-
j ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
| and ordered to be printed.
; Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, by unanimous
' consent, presented a memorial and resolutions
; from the Legislature of the State of Georgia, pray-
1 ing for the establishment of a depot of arms at
\ the Sand Hills, near Augusta, iw that State; which
j were referred to the Committee on Military Af-
; fans, and ordered to be printed,
j Mr. CHASTAIN, by unanimous consent,pre-
j sented a memoual fiom citizens of Cobb county,
Georgia, praying that the Woodworth patent
; should not befnrtherexteuded; which was referred
! to the Committee on Patents.
I Also, the memorial of citizens of Polk county,
i Tennessee, and Murray county, Georgia, asking
; for the establishment of a-mail route from Sylco,
j Tennessee, to Fancy Hill, Georgia; winch was
1 rerened to the Committee on the Post Office and
: Post lloads.
J Mr, DUR.KEE, by unanimous consent, pre-
j sented a memorial of the Legislature of Wiscon-
i sin, praying Congress to restrict the jurisdiction
i of the district court for the district of Wisconsin;
; which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
i ciary.
i Mr. ST. MARTIN, by unanimous consent,
: presented resolutions from the Legislature of the
j State of Louisiana in favor of the purchase of
[ Grant's Pass, and the establishment of a harbor or
breakwater on Lake Pontchartrain; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution in favor of the establishment
of a naval depot at New Orleans, Louisiana;
1 which was referred to the Committee on Naval
A flairs.
■ Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the gentleman from
, Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] to allow me to offer a
■ bill, of which previous notice was given some
weeks ago.
i Mr. STANTON. I cannot give way for that
purpose; I gave way for the resolutions to be m-
i troduced from State Legislatures, but I cannot for
\ any other purpose, because it would consume too
, much of mv time.
j Mr. HUNTER. I ask the gentleman to per-
: mit ma to introduce a memorial of one hundred
