142,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
for compensating land officers for ioeating military
bounty land warrants. This is but sfti act of jus-
tice, and one which is demanded by every princi-
ple that should govern our action here.
I will state to the House, that there are land offi-
cers in the West who, under the impression that
compensation would be made to them for locating
these warrants, have held on to theofficeafortwo or-
three years, which only yield them one hundred
dollars a year above clerk hire. The very fact
that all the lands around them in their districts
are entered upon by these warrants prevents them,
of course, from receiving that percentage which
they have heretofore received when their land has
been entered by money. All that they get, there-
fore, is the §500 salary, and very small dribblings
received from other sources, which do not com-
pensate them for their labor. I hope there will be
no objection to my motion.
Mr. TUCK. 1 desire to inquire of the gentle-
man, whether it is his purpose to ask that the
other parts of the resolution which he proposes to
take up, shall be passed, besides that to which he
has reterred?
I have not yet heard of any opposition to that
part of the gentleman's resolution to which he has
referred, but I consider it a matter demanding the
utmost deliberation before we determine to create
an indefinite and, at present, unknown extension
of the law of 1850, granting bounty lands.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 call the gentleman to or-
der. I object to this debate.
The SPEAKER. The debate is not in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bissell's
motion; and it was agreed to—ayes 81, noes 36;
[the Speaker voting in the affirmative to make a
quorum.]
So the rules were suspended, and
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hibbard in the chair.)
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to pass by all the
business precediug the joint resolution in relation
to bounty lands warrants, with the view to take
up and consider that resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That motion is
not'in order. The 135th rule requires that the
business shall be taken up in committee in the or-
der in which it stands upon the calendar; and it
is a question for the committee to determine
whether they will proceed with the first business
in order, or whether it shall be laid o^er.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Tennessee is right, and I was but anticipating the
rule. If, however, the Chairman will designate
what the business is that precedes the resolution,
I will move to pass it by.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first business
in order was the resolutions of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] for the distribution of
the President's mussage to the several standing
committees.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay aside
those resolutions.
Mr. HOUSTON. T do not understand the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Seymour] as yield-
ing the floor for a motion of that sort. When the
committee was last in session, that gentleman was
entitled to the floor, and is, therefore, now entitled
to it. Unless he shall yield the floor, the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois cannot be enter-
tained.
Mr. RICHARDSON. When the gentleman
from New York gave way for the committee to
rise, he lost the control of the floor. It is for the
committee to determine each dajr what business
they will take up. They have entire control of
the business.
Mr SEYMOUR, of New York. I will state
that when the committee last had under consider-
ation the President's ' message, the floor was
awarded to me. The question was about to be
taken upon the resolutions introduced by the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston;] and desir-
ing to offer an amendment to one of these resolu-
tions, I obtained the floor, I do not propose to
enter into an extended discussion, but merely to
offer an amendment to one of the resolutions. For
one, I hone that the President's message will take
precedence, and that the subjects therein contained
will be referred to the appropriate committees, so
that the committees of this House may have sub-
jects before them to consider during the recess, or
during the time when this House will not be seri-
ously occupied with business until after the 1st of
January. It will not take long to dispose of the
message, and then this resolution can betaken up.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to know from the Chair whether
or not the gentleirian from New York is entitled
?o the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman from New York is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON appealed from the decision
of the Chair.
Ther CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is the consideration of the resolutions of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] in
relation to the President's message. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Seymour] having ob-
tained the floor before the committee last rose, the
Chair decides that he is now entitled to the floor.
From that decision the gentleman from Illinois
appeals; and the question now is, Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee^1
Mr. RICHARDSON. As I understand that
the gentleman from New York desires only to
occupy the floor for a few moments, I withdraw
the appeal; but I shall renew it hereafter with a
view of testing the propriety of the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. CARTTER. I want that question decided
at once, and therefore I renew the appeal.
The question was then taken, and the Chair
was sustained.
Mr. SEYMOUR called for the reading of the
eighth resolution; and it was read as follows:
"8. That so much of said message as relates to com-
merce, the impiovement of harbors, reciprocal trade be-
tween the United States and Canada, and other IJntish
possessions near our frontier, be referred to the Committee
on Commetce." •
Mr. S. then moved to amend the resolution by
inserting before the word "harbors" the words
"rivers and;5' and also to strike out the 10th reso-
lution, which provides that so much of the mes-
sage as relates to the improvement of rivers be re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. S. said: Mr. Chairman, the remarks I pro-
pose to submit upon this amendment will be very
brief and of an entirely practical nature. It will
be perceived that the resolution as offered by the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] pro-
poses, among other things, to submit to the Com-
mittee on Commerce the consideration of the im-
provement of our harbors; whereas the same res-
olution proposes to submit the subject of the
improvement of our rivers to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. Now, the amendment which
I have submitted proposes to submit the consid-
eration of both these subjects to the Committee
on Commerce, as has been the practice of the
House heretofore.
I am aware that the resolution as offered by the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] is
strictly in accordance with the 98th rule of this
] House, by which the Committee on Roads and
Canals was established. That rule provides, that
this committee shall have consideration of all such
petitions and matters or things relating to roads
and canals, and the improvement of the navigation
of rivers, as shall be presented, or may come m
question, or be referred to them by the House, &c.
That rule, however, I will remark, bears date
twenty years a°;o; and if gentlemen will take the
trouble to examine, they will find that the universal
practice of the House, from that period down to
the present time, has been to refer all matters re-
lating both to the improvement of harbors and
rivers, to the Committee on Commerce. I have
not been able to find a single instance where the
two subjects have been separated. Such has been
the uniform practice of the House, and I suppose
it has been thus uniform for good reasons. A full
investigation of the matter will convince gentlemen
of the propriety of this practice. The subject;
themselves are of a similar nature; both have ref-
erence to matters affecting the foreign commerce
of the country.
A rule which has been promulgated—and which
we have endeavored, certainly, to adhere to, in re-
lation to the improvement of rivers—that all ap-
propriations for such objects shall be of a national
character, shows the propriety of the reference of
all matters pertaining to the navigation of our large
rivers, as well as those pertaining to the improve-
ment of our harbors upon the Atlantic and Pacific
coast, or upon the lakes, to the Committee on Com-
merce. The committee will perceive that appro-
priations made for these subjects, if separated, will
often be expended upon similar objects. The im-
provement of a river is many times the improve-
ment of a harbor—the river itself helping to form
that harbor. Gentlemen are aware of the great
pressure for appropriations upon these subjects.
1 trust, therefore, that they will see the propriety
and importance of referring them both to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, in order that those subjects,
which are kindred in their character, may be con-
sidered and decided upon by one and the same-
committee. If the House is to p&ss a bill the
present session, making such appropriations- as
our constituents may reasonably expect, it seems
to me that it can be better matured in one com-
mittee than in both. T wish to be distinctly un-
derstood, in making this motion, that I cast no
disrespect upon any member of the Committee on
Roads and Canals. I believe that this, or any
other subject, which it may be the good pleasure
of the House to refer to them, will receive their
deliberate and impartial investigation; and I believe
that investigation would be conducted with ability.
I make the motion for the purpose of preserving
uniformity of proceeding upon this subject, and for
the purpose of subserving to what I believe will
be the best interests of the country, in relation to
these matters. I present these remarks for the
consideration of the committee, and I leav% them
to make what disposition of the subject they may
deem proper.
Mr. BISSELL. As this subject furnishes a
theme for discussion about as illimitable as any
other, I move that it be now laid aside.
Mr. ROBINSON. I hope that it will not be
the pleasure of the committee to pass it over.
Mr, BISSELL. Well, I make the motion to
lay it aside temporarily, in order to take up the
npxt business on the calendar.
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] if the resolution
which he proposes taking up, has been printed
and laid upon the desks of members ?
Mr. BISSELL. It has been printed, but it
seems has not been very generally distributed.
Mr. ORR. I will merely lemark that I have
just sent out for a copy of it and cannot obtain
one.
The question now being upon the motion to lay
aside the resolution under consideration,
Mr. BISSELL demanded tellers, which were
ordered, and Messrs. Cartter and Fowler ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 41, noes 57; no quorum voting.
[Cries of*44 Re-count!" and "Call the roll!"]
The CHAIRMAN said that the roll would be
called to ascertain the names of the absentees.
The roll was then called and the committee
rose, and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
the chairman of the committee reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
having found itself without a quorum, had in-
structed him to report that fact to the House, with
the names of the absentees.
i A quorum being now present, the committee
resumed its session; and the question being taken
upon the motion to lay aside the resolution under
consideration, the tellers reported—ayes 65, noes
61'
So the motion prevailed.
The CHAIRMAN stated the next business in
order to be a joint resolution explanatory of the act
approved September 28, 1850, entitled "An act
granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of
I the JJnited States."
r. DUNHAM desired to offer an amendment,
r. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the reading
•f the resolution.
It was read by the Clerk. The following is the
first section, as read:
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Stutesof Jlmenca in Congress assembled, That
nothing in the act approved September 28, 1850, " grant-
ing bountv land to certain officers and soldiers who have
, been engaged in the military service ot the United States,"
shall be construed as to prevent the sale and transfer of any
certificate or warrant issued by virtue of said act, prior to
the location df the same, or the issue of the patent thereon.
Mr. DUNHAM. I desire to offer an amend-
