1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
ment, which I send to the table, to come in as an
additional section.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana propose to amend the first section ?
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I suggest to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] that
he move to amend in such a' manner that the
whole shall take the form of an act, and not of a
resolution.
Mr. DUNHAM made a reply that was entirely
inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I move to amend the
first section, by striking out the word "Resolved,"
and inserting the words "Be it enacted."
The question being taken, the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FICKLIN. I move to amend the first
section by inserting the following as a substitute
therefor:
Section 1. That hereafter all military bounty land war-
rants shall he assignable by indorsement thereon, and may
be either by a speeial or blank assignment, but shall in all
cases be dated on the day of the assignment, attested by two
competent witnesses, and acknowledged before some officer
authorized to take the acknowledgment of deeds, who
shall certify that the per?on making the, assignment is per-
sonally known to htm to be the individual making the as-
signment, or that his identity was established by two com-
petent witnesses, which saul assignment to be attested by
the seal of a court of the proper county, and shall authorize
the assignee thereof to locate the said warrant in his own
name.
Mr. FICKLIN, It may be proper for me to
*ay, in explanation of the amendment I propose,
that 1 concur entirely with my friend from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Stephens,] that it is proper that this
resolution should throughout assume the form of
an act. I think it proper also that, instead of say-
ing that nothing in the act shall be construed to
prevent an assignment, that there should be an
express authority given to make the assignment;
and that the mode of making it should be designa-
ted, so that all may understand it. As I under-
stand it, sir, the act which has heretofore been
passed making land warrants assignable, is so
loose that infinite frauds upon the Government in
making assignments have been committed; and
that one location after another has been set aside
by the proper officers of Government, because of
defects in the assignment and transfer of warrants.
I am not prepared to say that the amendment I
propose rs perfect; but I am prepared to say that
there should be an amendment giving express
authority to the holders of these warrants to as-
sign them, and also pointing out the mode and
manner of making that assignment, so that it may
be understood by every person how he can effect
an assignment of these warrants to make them
good at the land offices.
Mr. BISSELL. As the amendment proposed by
my colleague [Mr. Ficklin] aims at the accom-
plishment of the same object as the first resolution
of the series, and perhaps is better adapted to ac-
complish that object, I see no objection to its being
adopted. The object will perhaps be more cer-
tainly and more effectively attained.
Mr. BRENTON". I ask that the amendment
may be read, as I desire to make a few remarks
in reference to it.
The amendment was accordingly read as
above.
Mr. BRENTON. Mr. Chairman, I have some
objections to the form prescribed in the proposed
amendment. It would be much better, sir, to pro-
vide simply that the warrants shall be assignable,
leaving the form to be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. The practice
has been, in reference to warrants issued under the
law of 1847, to accompany them"" with the blank
form of an assignment. The form prescribed
would be objectionable, if for no other reason than
this, that the law would not be in the hands prob-
ably often out of a hundred of those that will
hold these warrants. But if authority be s;iven
to make these warrants assignable, under the in-
struction of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in the form of the assignment accom-
panying the warrant, every individual, when he
receives the warrant, will at once have the form
before him.
Mr. FICKLIN. With the permission of my
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Biienton,] I wish to
ask him if he is not aware that such instructions
have heretofore been given under the act of 1847,
' and that in very many cases of warrants bein^
located these locations hatfe been set aside one or
two years after the location for a defect in the
assignment?'
Mr. BRENTON. I will answer the gentleman,
that such is the fact; but the remedy is not to be
found by imbodying the form of the assignment
in the law. It is true, sir, under my own obser-
vation, that thousands of these warrants have,
during the last few years, been assigned in the
most informal manner, even with the blank form of
assignment, and by attorneys who have acted for
the holders of warrants. If -the form of assignment
is embraced in the law, and no authority given to
have it printed upon the warrants themselves, the
law will not be generally circulated, and greater
evils and informalities will grow out of it than
have grown out of the practice heretofore.
Mr. FICKLIN. 1 would inquire of the honor-
able member from Indiana, if the printing of this
first section, as to the mode of assignment upon
the warrant, would not obviate his objection en-
tirely ?
Mr. BRENTON. I answer the inquiry of the
gentleman further: Under the act of 1847, the
ninth section of that act, by which these warrants
are authorized to be issued, and by which they
were made assignable, accompanied the warrant,
and was then followed by a bill of instructions
from the Commissioner himself, printed upon the
back, prescribing the form in which these war-
rants should be assigned; and I conceive all that
is necessary in making these warrants assignable,
is to leave the matter with the* Commissioner of
the General Land Office to prescribe the form,and
to have that form printed upon the back of the
warrant, that every holder may have it directly
before his eye. 1 have known hundreds of cases
where warrants have passed into the hands of
attorneys who ha\ e undertaken to transact this
business, and these warrants have come to the
Land Office regularly assigned apparently, but
with only one attesting witness, and in many cases
with no seal of any officer attached to them.
The instructions should be made so specific that
every individual who holds a warrant, however
ignorant, may be enabled to fill up the assign-
ment, and to put his name to it so as to save, in
the language of the law of 1850, the soldiers from
any expense whatever in the location of their
warrants. I would remark further, sir, while upon
this point, that, as regards the location of these
warrants, the provisions of law in reference to the
expenses incurred by the soldiers have, to my
mind, been contravened. Expenses have been
incurred by the holders of warrants issued under
the act of 1850, which, I think, are wholly un-
called for, iff order to their location. 1 am decidedly
in favor of the transfer or assignment of all these
warrants, and want a provision inserted in the
first section, such as shall authorize the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, or the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, issuing the warrants, to cause
to be printed upon the back of them the form of
an assignment, such as shall be recognized by the
proper authority for the location of these warrants.
Ana as I have not the amendment before me, and
I do not know at what point precisely to intro-
duce that provision, I will leave it with the com-
mittee, that it may be introduced. In that form
and with that change in the pioposed amendment
I shall favor it.
Another point, sir. If I understand the lan-
guage of the proposed amendment, it is simply
that hereafter all warrants shall be made assigna-
ble. Is the language there used intended to em-
brace all warrants now outstanding, or warrants
which shall hereafter be issued ? It should be
made retrospective.
Mr. FICKLIN. It means all outstanding -war-
rants. It embraces all warrants.
Mr. BRENTON. I supposed that was the in-
tention.
Mr. BISSELL. It must be recollected that the
foam which it is proposed the Commissioner shall I
adopt, cannot reach the thousands of warrants al- i
ready out; therefore I think that we should fix in  
substance the form, so that holders of warrants :
already issued can have the help of the Commis- jj
sioner, and may know how to assign them. I jj
think, therefore, that the form proposed m the !|
amendment of my colleague [Mr. FicklinJ should J:
be adopted; and if it is thought advisable, to sug- ij
gest to the Commissioner, or require that any war- jj
rants hereafter to be issued, should have printed i|
upon them the form corresponding with what we
here contemplate, it will be well. But, in addition
to that, it is necessary here to fix the substance of
the form, in order to meet the case of warrants
already passed beyond the control of the Com-
missioner.
Mr. BRENTON. There is very little difference
between me and my friend from Illinois," [Mr.
Bissell.] There is no difference as regards the
propriety of the assignment and the form of the
assignment. The point is this, to get the assign-
ment in such a form that the mass, the illiterate
and the uneducated, shall understand it.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
It is this: Is it competent to discuss the point the
gentleman is now discussing, when there is no
amendment before the committee. He said he has
an amendment somewhere in contemplation.
Mr. BRENTON. I am thankful that the or-
derly gentleman from Ohio has called my attention
to a point of order. I always, as a stranger to
parliamentary proceedings, feel myself under ob-
ligation to any gentleman who sets me right, and
puts me in order when I am out of order. I un-
derstand that in discussing this question in the
Committee of the Whole, I would have a right to
take up and discuss every letter and syllable of
this section, as well as the proposed amendments,
and still be in order. I only suggested to my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Ficklw] the propriety
of having that amendment so changed as to author-
ize the indorsement of the form of the assignment
upon the back of the warrant.
Mr. FICKLIN. I have no objection. It is
right.
Mr. TAYLOR inquired if it was in order to
submit an amendment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was.
Mr. TAYLOR then submitted the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the first sec-
tion, viz:
In conformity with a form to be prescribed by the Com-
nnsMonet of the General Land Office.
Mr. BISSELL. One suggestion upon that
amendment: It would not reach the warrants
already out. •
Mr. TAYLOR. I apprehend it will, just as
readily as the form suggested by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Brenton.] It is not my pur-
pose to detain the committee. I believe a very
large majority of the House would like to see
these land warrants made assignable. I believe that
is the desire of the country—particularly of those
peisons to whom these warrants have been issued.
The object of the gentlemen who have discussed
this question is to adopt some form by which this
may be done. Now, sir, I think there is no bet-
ter person to prescribe a form for such warrants
than the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and the amendment I move to come in at the end
of the first section will meet that view. I propose
these land warrants shall be made assignable in
the form prescribed by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. That will be known to the
country, and accessible to everybody, and prob-
ably will be printed upon the hack of the land
warrant itself. This I think meets the views of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Brenton,] so
intelligently expressed. 1 will add to my amend-
ment the words, "and be printed upon the back
of the warrant." It is very evident, Mr. Chair-
man, that these land warrants are to be made as-
signable; and 1 think if these words are adopted,
they will meet the views of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand the gentleman to modify his amendment?
Mr. T A YLOR. I think my amendment as first
offered will meet the wishes of gentlemen, and I
will not modify if.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move the committee
rise. My object is to terminate this debate.
Several Members. "Oh, no!" "Oh, no!"
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the resc^ution I in-
tend to propose is adopted, we can go back into
committee again; gentlemen can offer all of their
propositions, have a vote upon, and five minutes
to debate them. I want to terminate this sort of
debate, as there is evidently no good to result from"
it. I move the committee rise.
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers; which were
not ordered.
The question being taken, the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, The amendment
