1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IB.
the captain and two lieutenants; wheieas, by the tj
system proposed in this original bill, you leave i|
the responsibility undivided in the hands of the jj
captain. In the one case, you establish a court i|
that is not responsible for its decisions, except as [
those decisions may be impeachable in the same
manner in which the decisions of any other court
are impeachable; but in the other case, you place j'
the sole responsibility upon the captain, not as a ,
<*ourt, but as a military commander, having the !
right to inflict punishment, to a certain extent, for !
offenses of a certain character. I say, that tins ■
would be better for the sailor, and he would be
more likely to have justice administered with i
mercy, than by the decision of an irresponsible 1
court of three officers, assembled in the cabin of
a ship, or upon its deck, who would enter into ,
such an investigation, as in all probability would :
be allowed upon such occasions.
Look at the circumstances of the case. What j
does a sailor know about defending himself? ;
What does he know of the qunks and quibbles of
the law? I wonder, sir, very much that these gen-
tlemen did not also provide for an attorney on
board a ship, to assist in the defense of the sail-
ors, and tell them uprui what points they might
rest their defense, and to conduct and argue it for \
them.
But, sir, there is another objection to this ays- ;
tern of court-marlials on board a ship, and n. is i
this: That on many of the public ves&els you can- i
not {jet the olliceis rcquned bv thia bill, on tin-*
terms of it, as presented by the gentleman from
Virginia, because they are not upon hoard a slop;
and then, in other instances, you will tnke all the
officers, or nearly all the odirers, on board fioni
their duties; and, while they are trying the sailor
in the captain's cabin, or on the quarter-dock, the
ship will be m the hands of somebody else, ami
you thus give an opporl unity for nil the d. flic nines
and dangers of mutiny and insubordination whadi
this bill was intended to pit-wiif, by Utkni;; the
officers from that ?>up< i\i.su>n which hi indi^ncm'-
ably nece&sary for the safety of die ship and the ■
honor of the service.
, It seems tome, sir, that the fundamental difficulty
in the minds of gentlemen m tins case, arises from !
the fact that they leave out of \iew the great and 1
important principle that the iNavy of the United 1
States is a military establishment; that military 1
discipline is necessary; ana that you must sanc-
tion and clothe the commander of a military estab-
lishment, whether upon hind or upon sea, with a !
certain degiee of absolute power, which it? indis-
pensable. U lias been so in all age* of the world,
and is so now in all countries ol the world. Sir,
when this subject wiu up upon a termer day, 1
attempted to call the attention of the I louse to the
character of a slup-ol'-war. I then said, that one
of our large ships—a ship-of-(lu-hne—-Inning on
board something like one thousand men, would
take the bone and sinew out ot a town ol' u-u
thousand inhabitants, thus taking them away from
all the ties of family and souely, ami ciowdm^
ihem logeihi'rin one ship—one structure, and iso-
lating them from all oilier society, on the broad
and boundless sea. I scud, sir, that independent
of the military nature of the establishment, the or-
dinary principles of go\ eminent could not be
adopted upon muii.i vessel. Why, sir, lu >k n
the merchant .set vice. A ^entlcinan of thi^ Hou.se,
well acquainted with sn: h matteis, inhumed me,
the othei day, that evenin the me.diant service'—
not upon snips-of-war, but m the men. limit ser-
vice—theie were saich diiucukies under the new
law, of nifoicmg discipline, that the satlois weie m
the habit of usmgthe lash upon ea",b other. They
take a delinquent sailor and flog him, thus anrv-
ing out the old system; and when they aie prose-
cuted for it upon shore they deny it, and know
nothing About it, so that it is impossible to convict
the offenders. Tins shows, th.u m the merchant
service, upon the Seas, veiy sinct discipline is ab-
solutely necessary, and opposite to that which
obtains, or can obtain, m civil souetv upon shoie;
but when you aud the element, the military ele-
ment, to this establishment*, when you consider
the necessity of nuh'ary dissciplme tor military
purposes, the necessity becomes infinitely stronger.
Now, sir, 1 Was not an advocate lor dogging
 ailors with the iash. I tinnk that mode of pun-
ishment was itable to great a1,use, and was objec-
tionable in its very rnuuie; for it was calculated
to degrade and disgrace the sailor, leaving upon
him the mark which constituted the brand of his |
degradation. I have always understood, sir, that !j
it was for this reason chieny, if not entirely, that b
it was objected to; and the law was repealed by ,j
both Houses of Congress, not because the pun-
ishment was inflicted in a summary manner by the ,
commander, but because of the character of the 'j
punishment, and its liability to abuse. Upon a ;
former occasion, I said that it was liable to abuse, ,i
because, in the moment of passion, or anger, an i
officer might direct a sailor to be whipped, and !j
after the punishment no reparation could be made. '!
i contrasted that mode of punishment with the \
modes prescribed in this bill m which H is chiefly 1
length of time which constitutes the severity of'!
the punishment; and upon reflection, \ think the i
mode of punishment prescribed in this bill is not
liable to abuse in as great a degree as the mode
formerly in use. But, sir, 1 never for a moment
doubted the indispensable necessity of placing ;
some mode of summary punishment in the hands
of the commanding officer of a ship.
Now, sir, I will call the attention of the House
for a few moments to the changes which I pro-
pose to make in this bill, for the purpose of meet-
ing what 1 take to be the sense of the House. I
do not know how far I have been able to ascertain ,
the sense of tlus House, but my desire has been 1
to confoim this bill in all of its provisions to the :
prevailing sentiments of this body. I stated, 1
when 1 iirst spoke upon this subjcct—although I :
did not enter fully into the matter, because I did
not think it necessary to do so—that I thoughtthe
punishments provided m the Senate lull were of a
very serious character, and that some of them
weie almost too severe, but that I relied upon the
character of the officers of the Navy to deal justly
and mercifully with the sailors under their com- ,
maud. J was disposed to present but few amend-
ments to the bill at fn st, in order that it might pass
as speedily as possible, for the heneflt of that portion
of tin.* -Navy then about to leave the United States,
lu the first place, sir, to meet one of the objections of
the gentleman from Virginia, I have, m the amend- 1
ments I propose, confined the punishments to
any of those enumerated in tins bill, f have re-
duced the length of time which the officer may
prescribe as punishment m any one of the cases
provided for in the bill. First, by discharge fiom
the service with bad-conduct discharge, and of sol-
itary confinement in irons, single or double, on
bread and water, provided no such confinement
shall exceed ten days. Thus, you will perceive,
reducing the time from thirty to ten days. So, '
also, in solitary conlinement, single or double-
irons, 1 ha\e reduced the time from thirty days to
ten dtiys. 1 have also reduced the time of confine-
ment not exceeding three months to two months;
also by providing that loss of pay shall not exceed
one month: whereas m tiie original bill it was
three months. Now, the gentleman from Vnginia
(Mr. M n lsun] lias made one of his strongest ob-
jections against, what he considered, ciuelty in
reducing the rations of sailors, and confining them
to a diet of bread and water. Now, sir, there are
many offenses committed by sailors on board of
ship which miglu be controlled by the 
Mr. .MILLKON. The jrentlenmn is mistaken;
1 did not object to the cruelty of the punishment,
t'oi the gentleman will find thatmy own substitute
pioMdes a similar punishment.
Mr. STAN TON, of Tennessee. I certainly so
understood the gentleman, or perhaps I may have
< onfounded his remarks with those of the gentle- '
man from ^Michigan, [Mr. Stewart.]
Mr. BOCOCK. My colleague certainly did
object to a man being confined m irons and put
upon bread and water, at the same time.
Mr. AllLLSON. That is what I objected to.
Mr. STANTON. 1 have often heard, and I am
disposed to believe it is true, that there are many
sailors in the Navv of the United States who would
much prefer, it they had the option, taking twelve
lashes with a colt or cat, to being depnved of then-
grog for a single week. Many of our sailois, sir,
would submit to twelve lashes rather than be de-
prived of their tobacco; and I think, therefore,
that one of the best modes of punishment is thus
depriving them of, or reducing, their rations. But
tins infliction is well guarded by other provisions
in the bill, so that it seems to me no one can take
exception to it. The provision is as follows:
" Provided, That no sentence to solitary confinement
shall be directed to be carried into execution until th« sur-
geon or senior medical officer on board at the time, has ex-
amined the prisoner and certified that it can be done with-
out serious mjuiy to Ins health: and it shall be tiie duty of
the commander to remit the whole, or any part of .my f-en-
teuce, the execution of which would, in the opinion of the
fc.au! smgeon, or senior medical officer, produce such in-
jury."
Now, sir, if the sailor is to be punished at all,
surely there is no provision that can he more hu-
mane and merciful than this, that m hde under the
infliction of the punishment, his health shall not
suffer, i think, therefore, sir, upon the whole,
that no objection can be taken to the seventy of
this punishment; and then the question comes to
the single point, whether there shall be for these
inferior offenses, requiring prompt and energetic
correction, a court-martioi organized upon board
a ship under circumstances, when it must be man-
ifest to everybody, that a fair and impartial in-
quiry cannot be given to the prisoner; when you
divide the responsibility among those judges who
are not responsible by impeachment; whereas,
upon the other hand, you put. the responsibility
upon one man as commanding officer, upon his
military honor and responsibility to the Govern-
ment for any cruelty he may exercise towards the
sailors.
I will here stop to repeat what I have already
said, that 1 believe, on some occasions, the lash
has been abused in the Navy. The cases are
probably not frequent, but some may be shown
m which it has been abused; and if anybody
is responsible for the repeal of the law author-
izing flogging m the Navy, it is those officers who
have been gailty of abusing it. But the correc-
tions were in the power of the Government; and
so it is tiie duty of the Government to see that
these punishments are not cruelly inflicted m the
seruce, and there would be a better guarantee for
due responsibility aud the application nf the proper
correctives upon the principle of inflicting punish-
ments at the discretion of the commander to this
imuted extent and for these particular purposes.
I say, the responsibility would be greater, and the
correctives more easily applied, than if you estab-
lish a court, winch, m the nature of things, is irre-
sponsible.
jJut the gentleman from Michigan J'Mr. Stu-
art] objects to the latter clause of this bill, the
latter section, which provides an asylum for the
sailor after serving twenty years; and he [Mr.
Stuart] says that he is willing to raise the pay of
the sailor, so as to get a better class of sailors.
Now. sir, this bill virtually accomplishes that ob-
ject; and it raises the pay of the sailor by giving
him a bounty of three months' p>.y every two
years, upon the condition that he has served faith-
fully and received a good-conduct discharge at the
end of his period of service. It gives him the ben-
efit of thiee mouths' pay, which is twelve and a
half per cent, additional pay to the other already
received. Well, now, sir, the additional induce-
ment to the sailor jx the Hanse winch gives him
i half-pny tor life in a naval hospital or asylum after
he has served continuously for twenty years, with a
! good-conduct discharge at the termination of each
period ot his service. Now, 1 ask the srendeman
1 from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,j if his proposition,
simply to add four or six dollars to the pav of the
sailor, without makingitdependent on good or bad
conduct, is the best-1 oi, whether he would prefer
to do it m the shape of a reward lor {rood conduct?
Which would be most effective in its operation
upon the discipline of tho Navy3 It would be to
give to the sailor for hiss g^od conduct a reward,
aud withhold it as a punishment for his bad con-
duet.
Mr. STUART. I would like to answer that
, inquiry upon this point. My object, as I stated,
. was this: to increase the pay to secure good men
; who are men:orious, and therefore would act mer-
! ltoriously, and then there would be no necessity
. either for rewards or punishments. I im.iSted that
, if you would e'evate the price to a standard sufli-
i cient to secure good men m the Navy, thev could
, be as well obtained for that purpose as for any
' other business. That is true as a principle, and
! would be true in px*actice; and it would be far
: better economy than to spend your time, and that
j of your officers, and their pay, m beating and
J oppressing men who were unfit to be in the naval
! service. That was the point I made.
, Mr. STANTON. 1 understand the substance
j of the gentleman's argument to be this: That by
1 giving the sailors $16, or §18 per month, instead
