144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 28.
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ficklin] is one
in substitution of the first section—is k not, sir ?
The CHAIRMAN assented.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Then I suppose
it is in order to perfect the fifst section before the
vote is taken upon the substitute. I offer the fol-
lowing as a proviso, to come in after the first sec-
tion, and I desire its adoption, although I have no
objection to the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Illinois.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the impression of the
Chair that theamendment submitted by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,] being in fact to
perfect the first section, takes precedence. The
first vote must be upon it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I supposed it
was an amendment to the substitute of the gentle-
man from Illinois.
Mr. CLEVELAND called for the reading of
the section as it would be if the amendment were
adopted; which was read by the Clerk.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will detain
the House but for a moment. The sense of the
House upon the subject now before them is a
matter very well ascertained. We will not reach
the time when we can pioceed to vote upon these
questions at all, so Jong as there is a gentleman in
this Hall disposed to go on and make a speech,
except by proceedingaccording to the regular rule;
that regular rule is, that in the House we shall
pass a resolution which shall limit debate to five
minutes. Then every gentleman can havean oppor-
tunity of offering amendments and of making five
minutes'speeches upon them, and those opposed to
them will have, also, five minutes in which to state
their objections. If we are disposed to go on and
get through with this matter, which has been half
passed upon already by this House and the Senate,
there can be but one motion now introduced that
is in order, which will cause the business to pro-
gress, and that is, sir, that the committee rise. I
intend, if the committee rise, to present the reso-
lution I have indicated, which I hope may pass.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise, Mr.
Chairman, to a question of order. I had the floor
and yielded it but for the reading of the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Taylor,] to learn to what end that amendment
was submitted. I did not think proper to inter-
rupt the gentleman from Arkansas while he was
addressing the committee. My question of order
is, that the gentleman has no right to offer the mo-
tion, as I am entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am very
sorry thatmy friend has been cut off so unceremo-
niously. I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. [IARR1S. 1 understand the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio is an amend-
ment to the original section, and that it is in order
to offer an amendment to the amendment: I there-
fore offer the amendment which I send to the
Clerk's table, to come in after the amendment of
the first section.
The amendment was read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows :
Provided, That in all ca«es the assignment shall be ac-
knowledged oi pioven by two subscribing witnesses, before
some olVieer authorised to take the probate of deeds, who
shall comfy under lus seal of office that the person making
the assignment is peisonally known to him, or that his or
her identity has been proven by two credible witnessed.
Mr. WALSH. I move an amendment as a
substitute for the whole, in order to simplify the
subj&ct.
A Member. The gentleman is out of order.
Mr. WALSH. Only one word, as was al-
lowed the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Bren-
to\-.] Thedifliculty has been, it is said, that these
persons will not understand the particular rules
governing these assignments, established by this
House. Now, every man in every city under-
stands the local laws governing the transfer of
real property. 1 desire to so amend the bill that
said assignments shall be authenticated in all re-
spects in the transfer of land as authenticated in
thp State where said assignments ore made.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise to a point
of order, which is, that there is a substitute pend-
ing for the whole of the first section; that there is
an amendment to an amendment perfecting the
first section, and therefore no other amendment
is in order, according to my idea of the rules. I
make the question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the impression of
theChnir. The proposition submitted by the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ficklin] was in fact a
substitute. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Tay-
lor] moved an amendment to the original section,
which he had a right to do, and the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Harris] moved an amend-
ment to the amendment, which is now the ques-
tion before the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If I understand
aright I would not certainly intervene between any
gentleman, and any wish he has in regard to the
offering of an amendment. 1 will say th^ motion
I proposed to make is^one which will cause the
advancement of business; and when this step has
been taken every gentleman will still have in the
committee, upon the same subject, the right to
offer amendments. I therefore move that the com-
mittee rise with reference to the putting a limit
upon debate. We cannot get along if members
are permitted to offer all the ideas they desire.
I move the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committeeaccordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Hib-
bard] reported that the Committee of the Whole
had had the state of the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the joint resolutions
explanatory of the act, passed 28th of September,
1850, entitled "An act granting bounty lands to
certain officers and soldiers engaged in the military
service of the United States," had made progress
therein, but had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I offer the
usual resolution fjjr closing debate in Committee
of the Whole on tfie state of the Union in five
minutes after the said committee shall have again
resumed its session.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the rules be
suspended, and that thfi House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, rose to a privileged
question, and moved that the House adjourn;
which motion, upon a division of the House, was
agreed to—ayes 64, noes 56.
So the House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WFJGHTMAN, of New Mexico, gave notice, under
the rule, of ln« intention to mtioduce the following bills:
A bill to authorize the Governor of New Mexico to call
an extra session of the Legi*datme, if the same shall by
him be consideied necessaiyand expedient, and for other
purposes ;
A bill to extend to officers and enlisted men of the Army,
and to volunteers and militia called into the service of the
United States by competent authority, and doing duty in
New Mexico, the piovisions of the act of September 28th,
1850, making appropriations for the -support of the Army;
A bill to increase the salaries of civil officers in New
Mexico; "
A bill to authoiize the purvey of the public lands in New
Mexico, and lor other purposes;
A bill providing for the arming and equipping the militia
of New Mexico ; and
A lull to piovide for a geological and mineralogical survey
of New Mexico.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c , were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. FAULKNER.: The petition of Passed Assistant
Sutgeon Itichaid McSheirv, ot the United States naval
soi vice, to iceover compensation for extra services per-
formed in Mexico.
Also, the petition of Joshua Lewis, a disabled mechanic
of the national armory at Harper's Ferry, praying to be
placed on the pension roll. .
By Mr. ANDREWS : The petition of George F. Patten
and others, of Bath, foi the impiovement of Kennebec river
by the erection of beacons, buoys, andspindie^, and for an
appropriation of $5,000 to complete the same.
Also, the petition of Francis Tnbon, for an invalid pen-
sion ; and the petition of William Elwell, for the same.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of Thomas C.
Rockwell, Wlielan & Co., and many other ineichants of
Philadelphia, asking Oongiess to purchase the remaining
stock in the Louisville and Portland canal.
By Mr. BOWNR: The petition of Joshua R. Sands,
piaung tor the payment of the expenses incurred m carry-
ing out Hon. Wilson Shannon as Minister to Mexico,
Also, the petition of C. L. Franklin and others, assistant
marshals of Kings county, southern district of New York,
for increased compensation for taking the Seventh Census.
By Mr. CHASTAIN : The petition of sundry citizensr>f
Paulding county, Georgia, praying for the extension of mail
route No. 3376 from Rome to Cedartown, Georgia, to Pump-
kinville post office, Georgia.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 23, 1851.
Prayer by the Rev. Mr. Morgan.
. FLOGGING IN THE NAVY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 19th instant, letters from offi-
cers of the Navy on the subject of corporal pun-
ishment in the Navy, and a revision of the rules
and regulations of trie Navy by a board of naval
officers.
Ordered, That it be referred to the Comnrtttee on Naval
Affairs, and printed.
Mr. GWIN. I move that this communication,
with the accompanying papers, be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and be printed for
the use of the Senate. And I also give notice,
that instead of calling up the memorial of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,] as '1
intended to do to-day, 1 shall postpone calling it
up until the 6th of January, when I hope that
those gentlemen who are in favor of this practice
will be prepared to give their views upon the
subject.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish merely to say, that this
is a question of some interest, agitating the public
mind in many quarters to a considerable extent;
and I hold that the whole matter should go to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, who should take it
into their deliberate consideration, and make a
written report, which may go out to the country.
Mr. GWIN. I have moved that the commu-
nication and papers go to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and stated that I will postpone the con-
sideration of the memorial presented by the Senator
from Pennsylvania until the 6th of January.
The question was taken, and the communication
and papers were referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying that the stock
owned by individuals in the Louisville and Port-
land Canal may be purchased by the United States;
which was referred to the Commitee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented the pe-
tition of Catherine Elmes, widow of Alfred W.
Elmes. a surgeon in the Army, praying a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted additional doc-
uments in relation to the petition of William L.
Meredith; which were referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the memorial of
Jesse E. Brown in hisown right, and asadministra-
tor of Wm. J. Russell, deceased, complaining that
injustice has been done him and his intestate in
the rejection, by the late Board of Commissioners
for settling claims against Mexico, of a large por-
tion oftheirclaimfor indemnity, and praying that
a tribunal may be established for reviewing the
decisions of tliat Board; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. McRAE, it was
Ordered, That Samuel Colburn have leave to withdraw
his peution and papers.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Charles S. Jackson, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
chaiged from the further consideiation of the memorial of
Preston Starntt and others, and that it be referred to tlie
Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of W.
It. Hallett, administrator of Joshua Kennedy, and that it be
referied to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affahs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the memorial
of Richard M. Johnson, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Charles Lee Jones, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John W. Whipple, on tlie
files of the Senate, be referred to die Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
Ordered. That the heirs of James Bell have leave to with
draw their petition and papers.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SHIELDS gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to increase the
