THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN
C. RIVES.—TERMS
#3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY,
JULY 28, 1852.
New Series No. 121.
against him, and who is not afforded an oppor-
tunity of speaking for himself. It is the private
character of the Commissioner which I propose to
vindicate, and, by the blessing of God, 1 shall be
able to do so.
As regards this initial point, I shall beg my
friends, who are so anxious to pursue this inves-
tigation, not to force on a discussion at this mo-
ment, when no one is prepared to take part in it,
or to say what is right or what is wrong. The
Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] has his opinion;
I have mine; but I am not prepared to vindicate
that opinion to-day. I merely say this for the
purpose of begging my friends to withhold an ex-
pression on one point, and let us get through the
discussion on some others.
I think tnat the suggestion of the Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] relative to the printing of the
papers, is a good one. Let a special committee
be appointed to select such papers as it is ascer-
tained apply to the charges against the Commis-
sioner; also, such papers as relate to the charges
against others; for let us recollect that the charges
laid befoi e us are not made against one man alone.
Let all the papers referring to these charges, and
connected with the boundary line, and the initial
point on the Rio Grande, be selected and printed.
There are many papers which it would be folly to
think of printing; for, even if they were printed,
they would not be worth the paper upon which
they were printed.
I concur m the suggestion made by the Senator
from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] for the appointment of
a select committee, to whose care the selection of
the documents for publication may be left.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will take oc-
casion to say that the discussion with regard to
the initial point of the boundary line is not now
under consideration. It is simply a question of
reference to a committee.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not wish to say anything
on the subject of referring this matter either to the
Committee on Printing or to a select committee.
I did not hear the remarks of the Senator from
California, [Mr. "W"fixer,] but if I understood
he remarks of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cooper,] some suspicion had been expressed
by the former named Senator that the Secretary
of the Interior had withheld these papers with a
special design. It is to that point I wish to speak.
I have before me a communication from the late
chief clerk in the Department of the Interior, to
the Secretary of that Deportment. In this com-
munication he says, that when the call was made
it was his duty to prepare thexe papers and send
them to the Senate, and that the instructions of the
Secretary of the Interior to him were to have them
prepared with all possible dispatch. He further
says, that the force in the Department not being
sufficient, it was necessary to obtain clerks else-
where; that two clerks were transferred from the
Census Bureau, and that part of the time three
clerks were employed. After they had made
copies of the papers which were supposed to be
necessary, it was considered essential that these
copies should be compared with the original docu-
ments. The communication to which I have re-
ferred further says, that these clerks devoted to
the work of revision and correction all the time
that could be spared from other duties which im-
peratively required their attention, being frequently
engaged upon it till a late hour of the night. It
also goes on to say:
" After the comparison and the correction of mor«, and
thf supplying and cop\ nij; of Mich papers as had escaped
attention fit 1hsf, it wa^ n'cc^aiy to arrunae all those pa-
per*—an immense ma«s—m intelligible 'order; a woik
winch leqmrcd an intimate knowledge of their content*, and
much intelligence and skill, and, 01 cour.-e. to be intrusted
to one cleik only- It will he lenvinbered, ateo. that the
record-, of the Department on the subject are embraced m a
bound volume, and till many pages fnho. But one r'erk. at
a time could he employed upon this, and that laet occa-
sioned some delay after the other papeid were prepared.
" This statement will show some of the caussa of the de-
lay complained of. The resolution might have been re-
sponded to sooner, if you had seen proper to pursue one of
these two course?, viz: either by taking the regular clerks
of the office fiom their regular dime*, and thus practically
putting a stop to the operations ol the Department; or, 2d?
121
by employing a laige number of extra temporary clerks,
who would not have done the work so well, but would
have done it—a proceeding not looked upon with much ta-
vor by Congress, and which the contingent fund at your
disposal would not very well bear."
That, I believe, is a fair explanation. It is evi-
dent that the Secretary of the Interior could not be
perpetually engaged in supervising the work of
the copying clerks. He gives his orders, and re-
iterates these orders, from time to time. That lie
has done; and, having done that, I think he is ex-
onerated from all complaint on the subject.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I know that
much of what the honorable Senator from Mary-
land has stated in regard to the Secretary is true;
because upon more than one occasion upon which
I have been at the Department, I have heard him
tell his chief clerk that he must increase his force
to get this report sent to the Senate. But as far
back as the 10th of June, I received a letter from
the Secretary in which he informed me that the
papers would be sent in in a very few days; that
they were then comparing them. I had called
myself at the Department some four or five times,
m regard to the answer to this call, and was con-
stantly; imploring the Secretary to increase the
force, in order that we might have the answer in
time to have it printed. Notwithstanding all this,
it has been delayed. Whether it was the inten-
tion of the Secretary to prevent its publication at
this session or not, I do not undertake to say.
There is no man connected with the administia-
tion of public affairs here for whom personally I
entertain a higher opinion than the head of the
Department of the Interior. I would be slow
to impugn his integrity. But there are persons
connected with that Department who were also
connected with it under the administration of a
late ex-Senator, [Mr. Ewing,] and I confess I do
not entertain as high an opinion of them as I do
of the head of the Department. There may be
some gentlemen connected with that Department
now who were engaged in the performance of du-
ties there when certain letters were suppressed by
the then head of the Department for the purpose
of injuring me. If there be any fault on the
part of the Secretary of the Interior, it has been,
in my judgment, because he did not give his
personal attention to the subject, although entreat-
ed by me on several occasions to give it. He
knew I had no confidence in some of his subor-
dinates. That is what I have to say; and I still
think the resolution could have been answered
much sooner, and under different circumstances
would have been answered much sooner. I hope
I am now understood. An answer to the resolu-
tion was necessary to the vindication of my own
reputation against infamous charges made upon
this floor; and for this reason I may have shown
more than a usual degree of anxiety.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will have to
interpose again, and remind Senators that the
question is simply on referringthe communication
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WELLER. In answer to the suggestion
made in regard to the appointment of the select
committee, if it is thought advisable by any con-
siderable portion of the Senate, 1 will not interpose
any objection to it. I will not make the motion
myself, because I do not desire to be placed on the
committee, and under the parliamentary rule I
might subject myself to be put on it if I should
make the motion, i hope, therefore, my friend
from Texas will introduce it in the fonn of a
proposition to amend my motion. I would accept
it as an amendment to my proposition.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is to
refer the communication to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. GWIN. I move, as an amendment, to re-
fer the subject to a select committee.
The PRESIDENT. That motion is not in
order. The question must first be taken on the
proposition to refer to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WELLER. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. GWIN. I more that the communication
be referred to a select committee of five, to be ap-
pointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. It requires theunanimous
consent of the Senate for the Chair to appoint the
committee.
No objection was made; and the President ap-
pointed MessrsTWELLER, Clarke, Rusk, Coop-
er, and Toucey, as ihe committee.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Morrow county, Ohio, praying that the bill now
pending before Congress, known as the ** home-
si tad bill," may become a law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Air. DAVIS. I desire to present a petition of
certain publishers of daily papers in the city of
Boston. They represent that there is a bill before
the Senate, which has come from the House of
Representatives, regulating the postage of daily
papers; and I desire to get the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to the subject. They complain that,
by the provisions of that bill, they are oppressed,
and ask the Senate to look into those provisions,
and see whether they are just towards the pub-
lishers of daily papers that weigh more than two
ounces. I understand, from the memorialists, that
they are the publishers of papers falling within
that category, and that it imposes what they deem
to be a very unreasonable burden upon* them.
They say that the former postage was a cent with-
in certain limits, and that it is now proposed to
raise it to two cents. They think the Senate
ought to take cognizance of the subject, and make
some more equitable legislation. While the bill
reduces postage everywhere else, they complain
that it raises it on them. I move to refer the peti-
tion to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COB1MITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which were referred the following memo-
rials of widows of soldiers who have been on the
pension roll, but whose pensions have expired,
praying a renewal of their pensions,ask tobedis-
charged from their further consideration, for the
reason that the committee have reported a general
bill, which will embrace the cases presented by the
memorials:
Memorial of Sarah A. Watson;
Memoiidl of Augusta O. Boyd;
Memorial of Mary Ann H. Ridgeley;
Memorial of Mary Robb;
Memorial of the widow of Orlando Pierce; and
Memorial of Elvira F. Smith.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the petitions of John Cripps, Orson
Young, and the children of Hannah Scott, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration
thereof; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Lavima Taylor,
widow of Isaac Taylor, a private in the United
States Army, praying a pension, reported a bill
for her relief; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Represent-
atives for the relief of Silas Champion, of New
York, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lauds, to which was refeued the petition
of John H C. Mayer, praying that a sum of
money paid by him on land subject to entry may
be refunded with interest, reported a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the memorial of
Samuel H. Hampsiead, praying compensation for
services as district attorney m defending claims to
lands in Arkansas, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for his relief; which was read and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post Of®
