146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Dec. 23,
Columbia,"approvedSeptember20,1850,commonly known
as the "Compromise Acts," are, in the judgment of tills
body, a settlement in principle and substance—a final settle-
ment of the dangerous and. exciting subjects which they
embrace, and "ought to be adhered to by Congress until time
and experience shall demonstrate the necessity of further
legislation to guard against evasion or abuse.
Mr. CLEMENS, who was entitled to the floor,
yielded it tor a few minutes at the request of the
Senator from Michigan, who desired then briefly
to address the Senate.
Mr. CASS. Mr, President, I am much obliged
to the Senator from Alabama for yielding me the
floor; and as I shall occupy it but for a few min-
utes, I trust he will then be permitted to resume it,
in order to go on with his remarks, which I am
sure the Senate will find more interesting than
anything I have to say.
though I expressed, sir, to the honorable mover
of this resolution [Mr. Badger] my regret at its
introduction, yet here it is, and I am required to
vote upon it; to testify my satisfaction at the pas-
sage of the compromise measures, and my convic-
tion that the arrangement was a just, and should
be a final one, no more to be disturbed in whole
or in part. I have before taken occasion, in ray
seat here, when practical subjects involving all
these issues were before us, to state my views,
and I shall not now repeat them, when the course
proposed proposes no legislative action. I am not
generally in favor of mere legislative declarations,
leading to no practical results; yet, the circum-
stances which surround this proceeding give to it
unusual importance, and it may well rest upon its
own peculiar claims. The peace of the country
• has been assured, I trust, by this series of meas-
ures. But reports have gone forth, more or less
imposing in their character, that they would be
assailed in Congress, and some of them repealed,
or so modified as to destroy their efficiency ami
acceptability. Agitation is thus kept alive tiy the
expectation of change, prepared to renew its tear-
ful work, and in this state of things, I find myself
face to face with a resolution which asserts, as I be-
lieve, the true character and just inviolability of
tkese measures, and seeks thereby to remove from
the public mind all apprehension that the perilous
contest through which, by the kindness of Provi-
_ denee, we have safely passed, will again be re-
" newed; and I should discharge my duty as faith-
lessly to my constituents as to myself, if I did not
meet this proposition with frankness, and support
it with firmness. And especially, sir, am I un-
willing to be misunderstood in this grave conjunc-
ture, after, the denunciations we have heard for the
first time, fuom an American Senator, in the
American Senate, against the Confederation and
Government of our common country. If such
sentiments are to furnish motives to any one for
the rejection of this proposition, they will furnish
motives to me for its support, as I desire, by my
voice and my vote, equally to murk my disappro-
bation of tliem.
Mr. President, the words that fell from the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina [Mr. TIiiett]
were us unwelcome' as they were unexpected. '■
They fell upon reluctant, I may well say, indig- !
riant ears, and they went to sorrowing hearts. "1 !
have not. the most distant idea of following the
Senator in his bill of indictment against his coun-
try, against my country r against this glorious
CTnion, the most precious political gift of God to
man since the exodus of our first parents from the
garden of Eden. I will not follow him—the task
would be too irksome—in his arithmetical calcula-
tions of what the different pot lions of our country
have lost or gained in the collection and disburse-
ment of revenue, in the disposition of the public
lands, nor even in the amount of pensions granted
to the poor and time-honored, but time-stricken
relics of our revolutionary struggle; not only be-
cause many of the facts, and almost all the con-
clusions, are erroneous, but still more, because,
after all the inequality, which really exists not, but
winch may be shadowed forth by the most dis-
tempered imagination, there remains a sum of
freedom and prosperity, of enjoyment and of bless-
ings, such as the world never saw before, and will
never see again, if this Union is dissolved. That
it is the freest government the sun ever shone upon
requires no clearer proof than is furnished by the '
very denunciations against it, uttered in this hi h
place, in the^resence of the portrait of the Fatlfer
of his Country, hallowing, not merely adorning,
these walls, and who, in his last solemn act, warned
us against sectional feelings and their consequences.
That.Government has not been merely assailed in
a strain of invective, rare even in the contests of
party,-but the determination has been avowed, in
. ianguage.not less clear than unqualified, to break up
the TJnion, by breaking the prestige of its integrity,
and to reduce it to a kind of temporary, partner-
ship, feeble and inefficient in its operations, both
at home and abroad, and equally contemptible to
its own citizens and to the rest of the world. Does
the honorable Senator believe, there is another
government under the face of heaven, where such
language and such objects can be uttered and
avowed with impunity? And does he not find, in
the great principle of the right of speech, of free
speech, unshackled by conditions or limitations,
unknown mde&d in its extent elsewhere through
the world,—does he not find, I say, a refutation of
his own position that we live under a despotism;
a practical commentary, which rebuked, even
while he uttered them, his harsh denunciations?
As to the ruin so confidently asserted or pre-
dicted, or both, where is it, or even a sign of it as
big as a man's hand, like that seen by a prophet,
more truly inspired, I trust, than the honorable
Senator from South Carolina? [Mr. Rrett.] Has
the eye of man ever rested upon a more prosperous
country than this? And if such a condition is ruin-
ous or pregnant with ruin, where shall we'find
prosperity, but in some new Paradise specially
created and governed by God? though even in such
a place sad experience has taught us that a tree of
evil may be found, and the highest blessings rashly
rejected in a spirit of impatience and discontent.
North and South, East and West, the sun rises
and sets on a happy land, teeming with an intelli-
gent people, with free and equal institutions, with
all the avenues of position and employment open
to all, and advancing in every element of power
and prosperity with a rapidity which outstrips
human expectation, as it has outstripped human
experience, and with nothing to fear but our
own crimes and follies, and the just judgments of
God. And while republics, and empires, and
monarchies, have fallen and are still falling before
us, marking this as the age of social and political
revolutions, our institutions have been preserved,
our boundaries enlarged, our power augmented,
and the beacon-light of liberty still shines from
our shores, inviting the struggling nations of the
earth, tossed upon a sea of oppression, to follow
us to a haven of safety. For almost three score
years and ten this has been my country, my hap-
py, glorious country, and for more than half a
century, since I have been old enough to appreci-
ate and to love it, its Governmenthas protected me
and mine from foreign aggression and domestic
violence. The honorable Senator from South Car-
olina seems to measure the value of free institutions
by a standard adapted to his own peculiar notions
of the operation of fiscal laws, and the assumed
want of equality, which he has strangely and
strongly asseited, but has failed to pro\c, muy be
the knell, is now, indeed, the passing knell, he
hopes and believes, of this world-watched Republic.
But our real equality, the true American equality
of condition, by which we have neither high
nor low among us, and which freely offers
fortune and honors alike to the hopes and exer-
tions of ail, this condition of social existence the
Senator has not glanced at, probably has not
even thought of, in his search after the evidences
of sectional inequality. But it is an institution
wliioh those who commenced life under circum-
stances less fortunate than himself, regard as the.
brightest spot in our political firmanent, as ottering j
ample compensation for any temporaly partial i
operation of public measures, where such occur, j
(and they must sometimes occur in every Govern- i
ment,) far greater than in the cases, even if they
were all liable, which they are not, to this objec-
tion, whose proofs have been collected with so
much industry, and spread before us with so much
power, and I doubt not sincerely, but with so little
conviction. Such was the charge against the non-
intercouse, the embargo, the war, the tariff, and
to some extent against the removal of the deposits;
and the foreboding of ruin, happily rebuked by
the results, was then as wide-spread as it can be
again, and was rendered still more powerful by
that strange spirit of hallucination, to which the
best and the wisest are often subject during periods
of excitement in this, our world of errors. And I
may well speak with a full heart upon the subject
| of our equality of condition;forthisvery condition*
| joined, indeed, to the undeserved favor of my fel-
1 low-citizens, has given me, whose early prospects
j in life wereshrouded in difficulties, and who passed
I much of it in hard and harsh duties in,the forest,
I it has given even to me this opportunity, and I
| glory in it, of bearing my testimony of gratitude
] to the priceless value of the Constitution here, in
! *this great depository of its power. And when, in
! God's good time, 1 shall need its protection no
j longer, may I leave it, as a most precious legacy,
' untouched and unscathed, to those who are most
dear to me, an object of pride and affection for
them as it has been for me.
One more word, Mr. President. What a strange
spectacle does the opposition to the compromise
exhibit? Assailed with equal violence, not to say
virulence, North and South, its enemies unite in
condemning it with equal zeal, but they unite in
nothing else. Both parties charge it with uncon-
stitutionality and injustice, because it concedes all
to one, and nothing to the other, while each con-
siders itself the injured party, and its rights and
ifeelings as sacrificed by the arrangement, For
myself, sir, I believe it was a wise and patriotic
disposition of the eventful questions, which agi-
tated and threatened us, and I think, if other evi-
dence were wanting, it has been supplied by the
criminations and recriminations which are yet
sounding in our ears.
Mr. CLEMENS next addressed the Senate at
considerable length in favor of the Compromise
measures, and in favor of the passage of the reso-
lution. His speech will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. DOUGLAS followed, and entered into
explanations of his position on the fugitive slave
j bilt, and the circumstances which prevented his
' presence in the Senate Chamber to vote for the
bill on its passage. His remarks will be found in
the Appendix.
Mr. DOWN'S was next recognized by the
Chair. He said he was desirous of addressing
the Senate on this resolution, but the day was too
far advanced to enable him to do so satisfactorily.
He therefore moved that the further consideration
of the subject be postponed to the first Monday
in January next.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed to Friday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 23, 1851.
The House met at twelve, m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Mr. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
! The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the unfinished business of yesterday,
being the motion of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson,] that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve into Committee of the
Whole on the slate of the Union.
Mr. TUCK rose to a privileged question,, and
moved to reconsider the vote of the House, yes-
terday, adopting the resolution limiting the debate
m Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the bill in relation to the assignment
of bounty land warrants.
Mr. T. said: I propose to occupy the attention
of the House for but a few moments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
rise to a question of order. I submit that a motion
to reconsider a resolution closing debate is not
debatable, for the reason that the resolution itself,
when upon its adoption., is not debatable. It is
like a motion to reconsider a motion to lay on the
table; the motion to lay on the table not being
debatable, a proposition to reconsider that motion
cannot be debatable.
The SPEAKER sustained the point of order.
Mr. TUCK. I do not propose to take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair, but I recollect
that the practice of the House has been directly
contrary.
The SPEAKER. The resolution itself not being
debatable, a motion to reconsider the vote by
which that resolution was disposed of, cannot, of
course, be debatable.
Mr. TUCK. Well, I hope the House will look
sit the 4th section of the bill. I am sure it cannot
be understood.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
