1922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
fice and Post Roads, to which was referred the peti-
tion of the administrator of Isaac L. Battle, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which were referred the bills from the House of
Representatives, for the relief of Catherine Clarke,
and for the relief of David Murphy, reported them
back without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Sarah Crandall,
praying a pension, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for her relief; which was read and
passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a joint resolution relating to pensions,
reported back the same with an amendment.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives making appropriation
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1853, reported back the same with sun-
dry amendments.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
memorial of John R. Jefferson, praying compensa-
tion for carrying the mail, and damages for the
annulment of his contract, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committeeon Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Van Rensselaer Morgan, praying to be allowed
compensation for his traveling expenses while re-
turning from the Sandwich Islands, by order of the
Navy Department, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for his relief; which was read and
passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of citizens of Pensa-
cola, praying that measures may be taken for the
construction of a ship-of-war at that navy-yard,
and that it be prepared for the construction, equip-
ment, and repair of all classes of vessels-of-war,
submitted a report on the subject; which was
ordered to be printed.
GEORGE R. C. FLOYD.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Finance to report back the joint resolution
for the relief of George R. C. Floyd, late Secretary
of Wisconsin Teriitory, and suieties,and offer a
substitute to the joint resolution. Inasmuch as it
is a matter which has been adjudicated before by
the Senate—as it merely refers the accounts to the
proper office for adjustment—1 ask for its consid-
eration now. I presume there will be no objection
to it.
No objection was made, and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the joint resolution. The amendment of the
committee is, to strike out all after the resolving
clause, and insert the following:
'•That the propel accounting officers of the Tieasury
Department he authorized and directed to settle the account*.
ofGeoigeR. C. Floyd, Lite Secretaiy of Wisconsin Terii-
tory, upon pnnciples ot equity and justice."'
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended; the amend-
ment was concurred in, and the bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
SETTLERS ON TH E CENTRAL RAILROAD, ETC.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up House bill
entitled "An act to protect actual settlers upon
1 the land on the line of the Central Railroad and
* branches by granting preemption rights theve-
' to." My reason for making this motion is, that
it is a bill of such a nature that unless it passes
within a few days, it will be of no avail to the
persons whom it is intended to benefit.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope the Senator will withdraw
his motion to allow me to offer a resolution.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will suggest to the
Senator from California that it will take but a
short time to act upon the bill. The necessity for
its passage is great.
Mr. SHIELDS. The parties intended to be
benefited by the bill are preemptors on the line of
the railroad, and they will lose their little improve-
ments unless itpasses within a few days. It is only
intended to enable them to enter the land at $2 50
per acre, the Government price. The lands are
to be sold, and they will get into the hands of
speculators unless this bill shall pass in a few
days. That is the only reason for asking the
Senate to take it up now. It will be of no avail
in two or three days.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill. It was reported from the Committee on
Public Lands with an amendment to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert the following:
"That each and every person now an actual settler and
occupant, and who, on the 20th dayot Septembei, m the
year of our Lonl 1850, had made such an actual f-ettlemont
and improvement a« would have entitled linn to a light of
preemption under the act of September 4th, L841,butfor
Ins failure to give the requisite notice under that law, or to
file proof within due time, on any tract of laud now owned
by the United Suites, and situated within the limits le^erved
Iroin sale by order ot the Government, because of the giant
of alternate sections to the States ot Illinois, Mississippi,
and Alabama in aid ot the construction of the Chicago and
Mobile railioad and btanches, b> virtue of an act ot Cou-
gicss appioved Septembei 20th, 1850, entitled 'An act
granting the light ot way and making a grant of land to the
ritatco of Illinois, Mississippi, and Alabama in aid of the :
construction of a railroad from Chicago to Mobile,' shall j
have the right to purchase, at the puce established by law j
in regulating the sales of said lands, a quantity of the tract j
so settled on and unproved, not less than toitynormoie
than one hundred and sixty acres, in legal subdivisions,on
which «aui improvements may be situated: Provided, That
any person claiming the light to puichase under this act
shall, before the actual offering of the tract at public sale,
file with the register of the proper land office a notice de-
scribing the land bv its numbers, and make the necessary
proof, affidavit, and payment for the land, within twelve
months from the date ot this act: Jlnd provided jurtker,
That the right of way upon ami across any tiact of land
claimed under the piovisions of this act, not exceeding two
bundled feet in width, shall be reset ved and retained for
the said raihoad and branches, as the same may be located
and constructed.'
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended; the amend-
ment was concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill was ordered to be read a
third time.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide for the correction of errors in the location
of military bounty land warrants, and entry of
lands; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Fubhc
Lands.
JAMES C. WATSON.
Mr. CHARLTON. I desire to ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to take up the bill for
the relief of the legal representatives of James C.
Watson, of Georgia. I will explain, in a few
words, why I make that request of the Senate at
this time. My colleague, [Mr. Dawson,] whose
presence on the occasion of the debate on the bill
is absolutely necessary, maybe detained from the
Senate by unavoidable circumstances for many
days after this. I ask, therefore, as an act of
courtesy to him, that this matter may be taken up
at this time, to enable him to leave the Senate
Chamber to attend toduties which are more press-
ing upon him, a knowledge of which, perhaps, is
familiar to most of the Senators present. I move
to postpone all prior orders, for the purpose of
taking up that bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I regret very much, but I am
constrained by a sense of dutytomsistupon taking
| up the Indian appropriation bill. I think, after I
; having sent a resolution back to the House of
Representatives proposing to adjourn on the 31st
j of August, we ought to take care to transact the
! business as fast as they send it to us, especially
1 the geneial appropriation bills. The Indian ap-
propriation bill was reported this morning, and I
' hope the Senate will take it up, and consider it in
' preference to other subjects. Other gentlemen
• have special subjects which they wish to have
, considered, and if we begin with this, I do not
; know where it will end. I presume the Senator
i can have his bill taken up on next private bill day.
Mr. SUMNER. I certainly have every dispo-
; sition to treat my friend from Georgia with every
I) courtesy, but the bill which he seeks to take up
, out of its course is a private bill. Naturally, i
i therefore, it should come up on Friday. But there !
I is another circumstance on account of which I i
may certainly appeal to the courtesy of the Senate.
It is known to all that the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Chase] has expressed an intention to discuss the
bill. It is within my personal knowledge that he
has made elaborate preparation for thatdiscussion.
Now, it so happens thatthis very day hehasleftthe
city to be absent some days; and his last request
to me, as he left, was to appeal to the Senate to
have that bill, if it should be brought forward, put
aside until his return. On that ground, as a cour-
tesy to the absent Senator, and as this is a private
bjll, and therefore does not properly come up with
our public bills, I must join with the Senator from
Virginia, and ask that it may not be considered
to-day.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, I certainly do
not wish to interfere with the desires of any mem-
ber of the Senate, with regard to the ordei of busi-
ness that should be taken up. I have no inclina-
tion to interfere with the wishes of the honorable
Senator from Georgia, but, sir, after the explana-
tion made by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, it would be hardly courteous to the
Senator from Ohio to take up the bill named by
the Senator from Georgia, in his absence, inas-
much as he has prepared himself for its discus-
sion. But, incidentally, in this discussion upon
the motion of the honorable Seuator from Geor-
gia, my friend from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] has
intimated his wish—and his wishes are almost
always law with us—that the Indian appropriation
bill should be taken up for consideration by the
Senate. Now, I submit in opposition to that in-
cidental suggestion, and in opposition to the mo-
tion of the Senator from Georgia, that there already
has been in this Chamber a discussion upon a res-
olution that was introduced by the honorable Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Weller,] in relation
to certain charges that were made against the
Commissioner to run and mark the boundary line
between this country and Mexico. The Senate
will recollect that that discussion, so far as it pro-
ceeded, was entirely of a violent and personal
character. It falls to my lot to undertake to de-
fend an absent man, and so far as the limited ma-
terials within my possession have enabled me, I
am ready to enter upon that defense now, and I
certainly will ask the Senate not to supersede, by
any new subject, the consideration of the regular
order, which was expected to come up to-day,
but that the motion of the Senator from Georgia.,
and the suggestion of the honorable Senator from
Virginia, may not prevail, and that I may be al-
lowed to go on with my remarks, following the
honorable Senator from California.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to know whether I
understood the Senator aright. Did he charge me
with having made a violent personal attack on the
present Commissioner?
Mr. CLARKE. I said that the discussion, as
presented by the honorable Senator, was of a vio-
lent and personal character. I believe that was
the expression, but I retract the word " violent."
It was only personal. I meant nothing offensive.
Mr. WELLER. It was not personal so far as
the Commissioner was concerned.
Mr. CLARKE. The Senator will allow me to
explain that I meant no discourtesy to him, and
I ask him now, in advance, not to get angry with
one who does not intend to offend him, or any-
body else, any further than in the line of duty pre-
scribed as a Senator on this floor. So far as that
goes I shall do my duty. But I would observe
that, in the remarks made by the honorable Sen-
ator upon his resolution, he referred to a former
Senator upon this floor. With that, except as an
incidental thing, I have little to do; but in those
remarks there were charges preferred by him—for
the first time they ever came to my knowledge—
against the Commissioner. It was to these charges
that I referred as being of a personal character.
I retract the word " violent," and beg the Senator
not to think that I meant anything discourteous.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning the prior orders for the purpose of taking
up the bill named by the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. RUSK. It seems fo be a matter of cour-
tesy all round. A motion is made by the honor-
able Senator from Georgia to take up, as a matter
of courtesv to his colleague, the bill which he has
named. The honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts desires, as a matter of courtesy to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, that it should be postponed until
he has an opportunity to come back and discuss
