1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
over the contract price of stud Hamilton. The prices whien y
your committee have agieed to give the persons? with whom ,
they pi opoxe to contiact, are those Mated in the pubhc oiu
of John O. Rives for the printing to thi^Coiigre!^. This bid j;
was made when he was computing with olhei hiddeis for
this work, and is believed by the committee to be ju&t and j
fair in view ot ail tSic present citeii'n-.tanees. _ !
Your committee deem it appiopnaie to this occasion to
say, that diver*motions and pioposiuons weie made to give
all this punting to OoneHon & Anns-hong^ in view ot the
fact that they weie the oiyans of the dominant paity ; but
all were voted down, andgeneiall} by a tie vote, it was pro-
posed to parcel u out in divers, avujs, and to divers per-
sons, but all failed, until the names hereinbefore stated
were inserted, even their association had been rejected
again and again, and never was anything done until the
imperious itece^ny in view oftnc interest ot the country,
and the advancement of legislation, compelled action or
some sort. i
Mr. GORMAN. Mr. Speaker: In respect to j
the pamphlet bid upon our tables tins morning, j
the honor of the committee demands that the j
House should indulge me in making a response I
to the statements made by Mr. Hamilton. Our ;
individual honor requires this also. This man ]
states that he has never had notice. The honor- j
al)le gentleman from New York, [Mr. iXavl.y,] '
upon that side of the Mouse, and the honouible
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. >Stas'ton',] asso-
ciated with me, can rise m their places, and now
state to this House, that that statement of his is
willfully and deliberately false. Knowing it to be
false, he ought to be branded for it. It is infamy
enough to turn him out of his position, if it weie
possible for the House to do it. i state that he
ought to be branded for it. I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] whether th.it gen-
tleman has not been before the committee upon
different occasions? I now ask thegeutleman from
New Yoik [Mr. IJam^] if that gentleman has
not been betore that committee upon dilieient oc-
casions ?
Mr. HAVEN. He has, sir.
Mr. STANTON. 1 ie has, sir.
Mr. GORMAN. I state to the House that 1
gave him notice myself, and he came before the
committee in obedience to that notice. And hete
this man comes betore the House and brands the
committee as liars, for which he deserves to be
turned out of hi.s position. It is an insult to each
member of the committtee—an insult to the coun-
try, and an insult to this House of llcpiesentn-
tives, for whom lie is doing the work. He says,
in this statement here, that lie has performed "his
work, and that the only instance where he has
failed js in the character of the material. We
weighed the paper, and it fell short about ten
pounds to the ream. The chairman of the com-
mittee [Mr. Boiuam>| weighed it eaiefullv with
scales prepared foi the purpose, and it 1 ell iar short
of the contiact piice. Theic was net maigin
enough. The type, the impression, and the ink
were all miserable, until the eh urman of lite com-
mittee in the Senate sent it bach" as iv|eeP\j alto-
gether, and they would nut rcei\e such woik.
in the next place, the Piesident's message and
accompanying documents ouirht to have been
on your tables in forty days, and here me four
months and more elapsed. In addition to that,
the paper upon which he contracted to do yom
public printing, acooiding to his bid and Con-
tract, cost more than all he ^ets from the Govern-
ment, for his printing, type, pie.<>-work, ink, and
everything e'^e. Then, of course he o;u;not be
expected lo execute that contract, unless he h«,-s a
millionaire at his back. I repeat, that the cost of
the white papri, if he comply with his contmct,
will cost more than all he gets under his bhi. Al-
low rue, while here, to say, that the impression
has gone before the country, that we ha\e abro-
gated the contract of this gentleman, Mi. Hamil-
ton. The impression has gone out, and it is whis-
pered around this Hall, that we have elected a
public printer by this committee; that we have
assumed to appoint a printer for this House. We
have got public printing upon our desks, ready to
be handed over tfc the public printer, winch we
withheld, because we could notget it done accord-
ing to the contract which yoa mace with him. If
we act as honorable men, can we give n to a man
who, we know, has failed, in eveiy essential pai-
ticular, in complying with ins contract ? You say,
in the law, that when he does so, we have a right
to reject the work altogether. We are acting under
a law, and not under a rule of this House. You
have designated the Committeeon Public Printing
by law, and you have also designated their powers.
You cannot abrogate the powers of that commit- j
tee except you repeal that law. j
The law reads as follows : 1
" Thcic shall be a committee consisting of tin ee members
of the senate and three members of tile House of Re pre- ;
sentatives." i
I read from a joint resolution passed the 3d
, August, 1846. If you desire to see it, you will ,
| find it in miscellaneous document number thirty- :
l three. i
i Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
j ask the gentleman one question. I cannot find
■ that there has been any committee chosen by this
1 House, and the law requires that they shall be
; chosen. I wish to know if there has been one
' chosen at all?
' Mr. GORMAN. I will proceed with what I
I was about to say. I will read first a provision of
the law m relation to this subject:
a A cotnmiUoe, consisting ot three members of the Benate
and three membeis of the Ilou-e ot Representatives, shall
he chosen by their respective Houses, winch shall consti-
tute u Committee on Piintuiiij which shall have power to
adopt such measures* a* may he deemed necessity to remedy
an}- neglect or delay on the part of the contiactor to execute
the woiU oidered by Congress, and to make a /to mtti ic-
duction in the compensation allowed, or to reiuse the w oi fc
altogether, should it he mfenor to the s-tandatd; and m all
ea-e&i, the emitraetoi and his securities sdmll he responsible
for any niciea-ed expeudmue consequent upon the non-
peifoitnunce ot the contract. The eouiimUec shall audit
and upon all .lecouuts for pnntmi'; hut no bill shall be
acted upon' lot woik that is nut actually executed and de-
hvcied, suid which they may requite to be propeilj- authen-
ticated."
We have only the power to do what? To
remedy neglect to comply with the contiact—to
remedy any neglect in printing the documents in
time. That is our business. We are sentinels
placed upon the watch-tower to see that yourcon-
trtcior has doue his duty, and to see that you get
your public documents when you need them, and
in due tunc. When the conviction forced itself
upon us, that he had not done so, we attempted to
p.ucel out the printing, so that it could be dom-
piuperiy. One gentleman proposed that it lie
done by Donelson & Armstrong. Another gen-
tlemui piopowed to add the name of Mr. Tow-
er*, end so on, until almost everybody in this
city was proposed. I frankly tell tins House, [
that I have voted for two months against any body 1
having this printing but Donelson & Armstrong-, ■
and when I asked the honorable chairman what 1
he proposed, and what he wanted, he responded
u he wanted nothing." I found that something
must be done. The public business must go on.
I found that 1 must vote for somebody, and, finally,
af.ei two months' consultation, I voted for the Re-
public. I have since learned from a publication
made in the Southern Press, that there was a
seciet sniothercddesned, never made known to the
count) y, to have the Southern Press put m for a
part of the spoils of power. When that issue was
pr< sented to me, I did not see proper to choose
ihe Southern Ptess. I have been driven to do a
thing to which 1 would ha\e preferi ed almost any-
thing else, and that is, to give the punting to a
party oigau of the other side. I am a paity man,
audi would not have consented to ye oh a tiling
uiuh v any circumstances, if 1 could have avoided
it, until the public necessity demanded that 1
should act in some way. When that nnpenous
neccssi'y arose, and forced itself upon me, I acted;
and 1 mn here ready to take any responsibility
whi<'h may be devolved upon rne. The Southern
Pi ess published this morning an article winch
would indicate to the country that they desire
some of this public punting. I ask the honorable
gentleman fiom New York, [Mr. Hav cn,] who is
associated with me, ami the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Stavtox,] if they ever
heard it suggested anywhere that the Southern
Press wanted a pait of the public printing ? We
never heard of that name as claiming, asking, or
soliciting ui any way a part of the public printing.
A gentleman across the way says the National
Era would like to have a little of this printing.
Very likely; because we have some elements here
very favorable to extreme opinions; but I shall
not go into that matter, and I will not be driven
by side-bar remaiks into anything of that kind. I
only wish to state to the House, in my own justi-
fication, that I have been driven to tins vote by
public necessity, and the imperious demand upon
me to act in this way, or not to act at all. One of
two things had to be done; the various shades of
opinion on that committee forced me thus to act;
every sort of proposition that I can now think of
was made to facilitate the public printing, and,
unfortunately, almost every vote tied. What was
to be done? Could I justify myself in the com-
mittee, and not allow the Presidents message and
the accompanying documents, and other official
reports to be laid upon your table by a tie vote,
from day to day, and then come in here and just-
ify myself on the ground that, because I could not
get it for my particular party friends, I should
cast a tie vote till doomsday, so that you could
notget any documents at all? I would like to
know where there is a finger that would not
have been pointed at me, with the rebuke written
upon it that that was a degree of partisan attach-
ment that is not to be tolerated when the interests
of the country suffer by it? 1 did right; and X
stand here to defend and justify myself under the
circumstances. We do not intend to give any
man more than the prices which have been stipu-
lated in some of the public bids by the public bid-
ders; and we intend to justify the prices which
we intend to give by the prices which were made
in public market—bids made to the country by the
competitors for the public printing. If this House
see proper, upon this occasion, to do anything in
the premises—to give any direction to the commit-
tee, it shall be my pleasure, m respect to the
House, and in respect to myself and my position,
to do anything they may desire me to do; but I
will not be charged by the press as having been
connected with a coalition, for I never in my life
saw Gideon or Co., until since this action of the
committee took place.
Mr. PjOCOCK. 1 find m the law "that the
' committee shall have power to take such meas-
' ures as may be deemed necessary to remedy any
4 neglect or delay upon the part of the contractor to
* execute the work done by Congress.5' I wish
to know if the committee has gone simply to the
extent of making contracts with these gentlemen
to do the work which has been already neglected
or delayed by the public piinter, or whether the
committee have actually made a contract for the
woik hereafter to be done?
Mr. GORMAN. The public printer has not
been dismissed. The law requires that if he fails
to comply with his contract, that we shall let out
the printing, and make the contractor, upon his
bond, responsible. That is what we aie going to
do, if you leave the matter to us. We will give
him an opportunity of doing all the work he can
do under his contract, when he will do it accord-
ing to the contract. When he fails to do it ac-
cording to that contract we will give it to some
one else. Now, the gentleman asks me whether
U is to be the printing a! ready ordeied, or that which
is heieafterto be ordered. 11 is the printing which
has been ordered. We do not look'into the futuie.
We will only order printing to Donelson & Aim-
strong, and Gideon &- Co., of such work as comes
to our hands by the order of this House, which the
contractor will not do promptly according to his
contract. There is a large portion of the public
printing which has not been given into the hands
of the public printer, because he has failed to
comply with Ins contract. Then just so much as we
find that he cannot execute according to his con-
tract, just that much, and no more, shall we give
to anybody else.
Mr. BO'COCK. Is it the intention of the com-
mittee to give the President's message into the
hands of new printers, and to have ail the types
set up anew, and the whole work done over again,
or will it remain in the hands of the public printer ?
Mr. GORMAN. It will remain in the hands of
the public printer, unless he shall fail to comply
with his contract. If he fails to comply with his
; contract, in order to remedy his neglect, we may
be compelled to take it out of the hands of the pres-
: ent public printer and give it to somebody else.
Mr. BOCOCK. Has not the public printer
! already set up the type for the whole message?
Mr. STANTON/of Kentucky. No, not for
one third of it.
Mr. GORMAN. Not more than one third of
it; and what he has done is a disgrace to the
country. I say unhesitatingly, that there are not
three gentlemen on this floor of any party who
will look at the contract and then examine the
character of the work that has been done, and of
the materials that have been used, but who will
say that it has fallen far, far below the contract in
; every essential particular.
