185*2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (interpo-
sing.) E see it slated m this circular which lias
been laid upon our desks, that all the copy the
public printer has received for the curient busi-
ness he has executed the printing of, and that he
is running through (he press, at the rate of one
hundred pages a day, the President's message and
accompanying documents. Noiv, I want to know
if that be true; and, if it is true, whether it is de-
signed to throw all that aside and make a new
contract for this sarfte matter? I ask the gentle-
man to give me the information. I have looked
at the volume of the President's message which
lias been already printed, and have compared it
with the work of the same kind of last year, and I
think it vastly superior.
Mr. GOB-MAN. The message last year was
printed on paper weighing thirty-eight pounds to !
the ream, and this year's contract requires it to :
be printed 011 paper weighing fifty pounds to the j
ream. I
Mr. STEVENS. Well, it is vastly superior. ]
Mr. GORMAN. It is very little, if any, supe- |
rior, for the paper used weighs forty pounds to I
the ream. Mr. Hamilton shall have no injustice
done him. Let me say to the House that the
bills and reports and other papers that are laid
upon our desks, are done very well, and done in
such a manner that we have received that part of
the work. "We do not design to take from him
any part that he is executing according to his con-
tract. The first and fifth classes he has executed
as w-ell as need be, and, consequently, we have
made no complaint. But it is the heavy work
■which he cannot do, and he must lose §50,000 if
he undertakes to execute it.
Mr. BROOKS, (interrupting.) As I under-
stand the contract with the public printer, the
paper on which he was to print the President's
message would cost thirteen or fourteen cents a
pound, depending on the state of the paper market.
The paper upon which he has printed the Presi-
dent's message can, some of it, be bought for eight
cents per pound, and some of it for nine cents per
pound; so that, in that respect, there has been a
great variation from the contract.
Mr. GORMAN. In regard to the President's
message, the printer would produce the impres-
sion by the paper which he has laid upon our
desks, that he has had it all set up. Now, I un-
derstand that he has got five hundred pages of it
set up, and that the whole of it will make two
thousand pages.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
is right as to the price of the paper. You can buy
paper such as that upon which the President's
message has been printed for from eight and a
half to nine and a half cents per pound, while the
contract required it to be printed upon paper that
would cost from fourteen and a half to sixteen
cents per pound. You cannot make this man exe-
cute this contract under his bonds, for if he did it
he would lose $50,000, and, let me tell you, his
bonds only cover §30,000. There is one bond for
$1,000, one for 4,2,000, one for 4,15,000, and, per-
haps, another for $1,000.
I stated just now that there were five hundred
pages of the President's message set up. That
statement was made upon a memorandum handed
to me by a gentleman who, I presume, knew all
about the facts. There may, perhaps, be a few
more pages set up.
Now, sir, 1 say to the House and to the country,
there is our report, what do you want us to do.-'
If 1 have the power, I shall attempt to carry out
the law, and have the printing done at as cheap a
rate as it possibly can be done at—at as cheap a
rate as any printer in this country, who is respon-
sible, and disposed honestly to comply with his
contract—can undertake to do it at; arid I will be
responsible to the country, and my friends from
Kentucky and New York, [Messrs. Stanton and
Hiven-,1 will be responsible to the country that it
shall be so done. We intend to have the printing
done upon paper weighing fitly pounds to the
ream Now, one thing; more in conclusion. The
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr Steven] has
made the remark here, that this House has not
chosen a Committee on Printing. 1 hen, sir, 1
do declare to you that I most sincerely hope that
the House, in choosing, will select somebody else
but me; for of all the committees I have ever served
on either in the State Legislature or here, the
Committee on Printing is the most burdensome
I and the most thankless. If the House will select
some one whom they deem more competent than
| I am to fill this arduous post, they will relieve me
' of much of the labor winch I have been expecting
to perform here. We have to go into every little
report, to calculate whether the prices are exactly
j right, and to sign every account before it goes
j to the Committee on Public Accounts, We have
j to inspect every item, and examine the weight
1 and quality of the paper, and the character of the
i binding. With all these arduous duties attached
! to it, 1 do not envy the man who desires to be on
I that committee. This House, through its organ,
| the Speaker, saw proper to place me at the head
of the Committee on Printing. I presume that in
j appointing that committee, the Speaker exercised
j no power that was not delegated to him by the
| rules. *
1 Mr. DUNHAM. The Committee on Printing
! was appointed under a resolution of the House,
i Mr. GORMAN. My friend behind me says
| that the committee was appointed in obedience to
| a resolution of the House, and I believe he is cor-
! rect. If, then, the committee were appointed m
i obedience to a resolution of the House, I suppose
| the House chose them.
! The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The rule in
' relation to the appointment of committees is in
f these words:
| "All committees shall be appointed by the Speaker, un-
I less othenvise specially directed by the House."
j The Chair does not remember whether there
! was a special resolution passed in reference to the
] Committee on Printing, but he is of opinion that,
j onder that rule, his right is very clear to appoint
1 all the committees of this House.
Mr. DUNHAM. There was a resolution
adopted expressly requiring the Speaker to ap-
point the Committee on Printing.
Mr. GOR.MAN. What do I ask this House
to do? Why, I must tell them frankly, that there
is not much I have to ask them to do. If the
House will pass a resolution reiterating our powers
and asking us to see to the public printing in good
faith, I think that is all they can do, unless indeed
they intend to pass a resolution themselves giving
the public printing to some one, or to sanction the
course of proceeding of the present contractor.
Judge of your own course; but I see nothing that
can be done, except to proceed in the manner in
which the committee have proceeded.
Mr. HAVEN then obtained the floor.
[Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on "En-
rolled Bills, reported back, as correctly enrolled,
a joint resolution "to authorize the continuance
of the work upon the two wings of the Capitol,"
and it received the signature of the Speaker.]
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
t New York indulge the Chair for a single moment,
until he responds to the question which seems to
: have been raised by the intenogatory of the gen-
j tlernan from Pennsylvania? [Mr. Stevens.]
| Mr. HAVEN. Certainly. I shall be happy
to hear what the Chair has to say upon that point.
! The SPEAKER. At the beginning: of this
| session, on motion by Mr. George W. Joves, it
i was " ordered, that the Speaker be authorized to
1 appoint the Committee on Printing*' 
| Mr. STEVfiNS, of Pennsylvania, (interposing:.)
I I desire to ask the Speaker a question. The 20th
! of the joint rules of the two Houses is as follows;
• A committee, consisting of three lnembci s of the Fenate
1 arid tine'1 of the House of Representatives, shall
I be chosen hv their respective Hoti^e.s, which shall consii-
| tute aUimnmtiee on Printing/1 fcc.
j Now, that joint rule is copied from the act of
! Congress itself, and what I want to know is, could
' any resolution of this House repeal that law?
The SPEAKER. In reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, the Chair thinks that this
House has certainly, through its organ, appointed
- this committee in conformity to law. There can
t be no doubt about that.
| Mr. STEVENS. There is a great deal of doubt
! about it, in my mind.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The House
chose its own way to choose the committee. #
Mr. HAVEN. If it be true that there is no
regularly-appointed Committee on Printing on the
' part of the House, why, then, 1 have nothing
further to say, except that 1 should like, if the
House takes away the appointment, to have them
take away all the labor and difficulty that the com-
mittee have had to undergo.
The SPEAKER. For the more perfect under-
standing upon the subject of the appointment of
the Committee on Printing, will the gentleman
again allow the Chair to state the facts?
Mr. HAVEN. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution author-
izes the two Houses to choose this joint commit-
tee. The House of Representatives passed a res-
olution authorizing their organ, the Speaker, to
appoint the committee on its part. Even if that
had not been done, the seventh rule of the House
authorizes the Speaker to appoint the committee.
But to remove all doubt about it, the House of
Representatives, at the beginning of this session,
ordered their Speaker to appoint the committee on
their part. Such has been the practice of this
body in every Congress since the joint resolution
was adopted. The Chair hopes that every gen-
tleman will understand the course of the Speaker,
and that the Committee on Printing of this body
is duly authorized to act under the joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say one thing before
stating some facts to the House. It has been
questioned whether the Committee on Printing
should not be entitled to vote in separate bodies;
that is, that the three members appointed by the
House shall be entitled to vote as one body, and
the three members appointed by the Senate enti-
tled to vote as a separate and independent body.
In answer to that, let me call the attention of the
House for a moment to the law which authorized
the appointment of the committee. That law pro-
vides that " a committee, consisting of three mem-
bers of the Senate and three members of the House
of Representatives, shall be chosen by the respect-
ive Houses." Thecommittee is to consist of three
members from each House; and when you get the
three members from each House, it is to consti-
tute a committee of six, and is the committee pro-
vided for under the second sectionofthe act under
which this committee is appointed. Hence, f en-
tertain not a doubt that the committee have been
acting in strict accordance with the spirit of the
second section of this act in that respect.
I now desire to say a few words in reference to
Mr. Hamilton, and a portion of the public print-
ing, in relation to which T, as one of the Commit-
tee on Printing,and which, I think, the whole six
of the committee, are entirely satisfied. It is true,
in reference to the light work, such as the calen-
dars laid upon our tables, the bills, and the reports,
or, at least, the short reports, that the work has
been executed well enough; and I desire to do Mr.
Hamilton the justice to say, that I believe it is
the opinion of every member of the committee, as
it is my individual opinion, that this species of
work has been done better than it had been here-
tofore. I will remark, that the calendars in the
early part of the session do not come under that
suggestion; but after ten per cent, was deducted
from his compensation on account of "the inferi-
ority of the material used, the printing of them
was improved. Indeed, the only evidence I have
seen of benefit resulting fiom that reduction was
the very next day. I believe the calendars came
upon our tables printed upon better paper. Gen-
tlemen will recollect the old brown-looking paper
that was laid upon our table8; in the shape of these
calendars at first; and when the change was made,
it made such an impression that the honorable
member from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] rose and
called the attention of the House to the fact that
we had a public printer who, at least in this re-
spect, was disposed to do his work in a satisfac-
tory manner.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I wish to ask
the gentleman from New York, for the informa-
tion of the House, whether Mr. Hamilton did not
stipulate expressly in his controctthat this species
of work should be done better than it had been
done heretofore?
Mr. HAVEN. The conjra^t is before the
members of the House. The committee so un-
derstood it. But I am fiee to say, that, for one,
I never expected it would come to the point to
which it has come. If the work had come up to
a reasonable approach to the contract, I should
ha\e been willing to have it go on; if it had
come within five or ten per cent, of the contract, I
should have considered it as a ti^ht fit, and let it
run, because I know this man took this work at ^
low price. . ,t
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The gentle-
