1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1923
it. As 1 understand the Senator from Rhode
Island, he desires that he shall have his rights, by
going on with another discussion. Now, sir, I
have to choose between these three gentlemen to
whom i should extend courtesy.
Mr. DAWSON. If my friend will allow me,
I will ask my colleague to withdraw his motion.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator will not do so.
The bill was once up, and would have been dis-
cussed and passed, but the honorable Senator's
politeness then wtthdiew the motion in order to
give the Senator from Ohio an opportunity to in-
vestigate it. I know something of ihis bill, and
it is clearly just, legal, and right. It is for money
paid by General Watson years ago, which is now
owing to his heirs. I know the question which is
desired to be raised by the honorable Senator from
Ohio. He desires to raise a question where, in
fact, none can be raised, and to fasten to the bill a
question as to the right of property in slaves. 1
have examined the facts in the case. The whole
claim arises, to be sure, in relation to some slaves
that were captured from the Seminole Indians.
Under .u  order of one of the officers of the Gov-
ernment they were to he tmvd over to the Creeks.
Thr PRESIDENT. Th* Chair will be under
the necessity of saying that the bill is not under
consideration.
Mr. RUSK. I will then confine my remarks to
this. The question is, whether this motion shall
not prevail out of courtesy to the Senator from
Ohio. Now, I know the claim to be a just one. L
feci sure that it does not involve the questions
■supposed. I know the condition of the honorable
Senator from Georgia to be that which must be
extremely embarrassing. He has a son at the
point of death. This bill has been delayed and
delayed; and one day in its order, when we were
upon private bills, it was, as a matter of cour-
tesy, postponed. And now that Senator has to
choose between going to the bedside of his sick
and dying son, or extending his courtesy, and not
discharging his duty to his friends and constit-
uents. Under such circumstances, I hope the Sen-
ate will take up and dispose of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I have received a communi-
cation from one of the parties interested m this
bill, insisting that it shall not be taken up m the
absence of the Senatorfrom Alabama, [Mr. Clem-
ens,] who is not now present. I am not acquainted
with the merits of the bill. I have no reason
to believe but that it is just; but there is some
difference among the parties as to the propriety
of taking it up now, which I do not understand.
But I am requested to state this much to the Sen-
ate, that one of the parties is desirous of having
the Senator from Alabama present when it is con-
sidered.
Mr. SUMNER. I would take the liberty of
coriectmg my friend from Texas, so far as he has
undertaken to state what the honorable Senator
from Ohio would say, if he were here to discuss
this question. I understand that the Senator fiom
Ohio has made an elaborate examination of the
facts and documents in the case. He is desirous
of presenting his conclusions on that examination,
to the Senate. This case is one which has been
some ten or twelve years before Congress, and
now for the first time has reached this body; and
when a Senator has set himself apart and made
that preparation for an examination, may he not
expect that the bill will, at least, take its regular
place on the Calendar as a private bill, and then
be called up, and he have an opportunity to
present the results of his examination to the
Senate? T think it is not claiming too much for
that absent Senator—after he has made his prepar-
ation, when he has authorized me to make that
known to the Senate—to ask this indulgence.
Mr. RUSK. I know this indulgence was once
extended to the Senator from Ohio. I am not dis-
posed to be wanting in courtesy to anybody; but
I know this case. 1 have investigated the matter.
My moral perceptions may be wrong; but I do
not think I have seen a stronger case of justice
presented before the Senate. I know very well
that the honorable Senator from Ohio did request
the Senator from Georgia to postpone it on a former
day; and now, under the circumstances, it is a
question whether or not we shall indulge the Sen-
ator from Ohio, as a matter of courtesy to him, in
raising an abstract question, or indulge the Senator
from Georgia, who is called away from the Senate
by an afflicting circumstance.
Mi. WALKER. The last remark of the Sen-
ator from Texas does not seem to present the case
properly. My friend from Massachusetts, but an
instant before, denied that the object of the Sena-
tor from Ohio was to raise a mere abstract ques-
tion here. He assured us that the object of that
honorable Senator was to present an argument
upon the facts of the case. I know nothing at all
about this claim. If any Senator has investigated
j it, and can elucidate it upon the facts, I shall be
| glad, for one, to hear him. I regret exceedingly
, not to extend any courtesy whatever which may
j be asked, to the Senator fiom Georgia, under the
j circumstances; but we have a request that this case
| may not be taken up to-day, on account of another
j Senator, [Mr. Clemens,] who is also absent. This
i being the state of things; it being desired by the
! Senator fiom Ohio to give aii argument upon the
' facts, not upon an abstract question; and the Sen-
l ator from Alabama desiring to submit another ar-
i gument, I suppose, or at least to be present, I
j think we had better not take up the bill now, out
j of its order, when it is not private bill day.
Mr. CHARLTON. I am sorry that [ cannot
I accede to the request of my colleague to withdraw
j my motion. I recollect to have read m an old
| play ofa man who made up his mind thaf he would
never again do another courteous act as long as
! he lived. If 1 were my colleague, I would make up
! my mind not to do another courteous act during my
| life, if this request should be refused. When the
; case was called up before, the Senator from Ohio
| requested that it might be postponed, suiting that
he desired to make some remarks upon it. My
I colleague, with his usual courtesy, acquiesced,
j He was ready, and able, and willing at that time
, to debate the whole question, and present it thor-
I oughly and accurately to the Senate. It was sim-
I ply through his courtesy to the Senator from Ohio
| that it was postponed. How is he situated now?
| Mere is a solemn duty which he is called upon to
perform. Whether he shall not have another
moie solemn duty to petform, is a question 1 hate
to entertain, but which he may have to entertain.
Now, between these two courtesies, between these
duties, can the Senate hesitate for a moment ? The
Senator from Ohio has had ample time to prepare
himself. He is not called away, as far as we
know, by any extraordinary circumstance. My
colleague lias prepared himself for the case; and
his presence is imhspenably necessary to the safe
and effectual vindication of the claim just as it is.
I ask the Senate if they will hesitate between these
two different couitesies? I am as ready to hear
the Senator from Ohio upon the abstract question
of slavery, which we are just as ready to meet as
any other question involved in this case; but the
Senate have intelligence and information enough
j before them to act upon the case without the Sen-
j ator from Ohio; and I ask, under the circum-
! stances, that the Senate will take up the bill as an
1 act of courtesy, and an act of justice to my coi-
; league.
I In reference to the absence of the Senator from
! Alabama, I have only to say, that his absence—
j although perhaps it may be important to have him
here—cannot affect the merits of the case. There
! may be a question, after the Senate shall have
' passed this bill, which of two legal representatives
I shall be entitled to the money. With that ques-
I tion the Senate has nothing to do. It will be re-
! ferred to the proper Department to pay the money
! to the legal representatives of James C. Watson;
j but that is a question which is not at all to be agi-
; tated here. AH the Senate have do is with the
i abstract justice of the claim; and now I make an
j earnest, and I hope, effectual appeal to the Senate,
, to relieve my colleague from the unfortunate pre-
1 dicament in which he is placed—-placed, too, by
; his courtesy to the Senator from Ohio. I hope,
therefore, the Senate will agree to take up the bill
and pass it.
Mr. WADE. My colleague [Mr. Chase] has
left the city for to-day, not supposing that this
bill would come up out of its regular order, it
being a private bill. He has been guilty of no
negligence in preparing himself on the question,
as i know. He expected it would come up on the
last private bill day, and was then ready to meet
it. It is not true that he has been negligent in
preparing himself; he is prepared, and was pre-
pared then. But the bill was passed by, the Sen-
ate being occupied with other matters. He went
away, believing that it wuuld not come up again
until next private bill day, and had not antici-
pated at all any movement to take it up out of its
regular order. I know that he thinks it a very
impoitant bill, and believes that the claim is not
well founded, not on account of any abstract prin-
ciple that I know of. I have understood from
him, that it depended on a great variety of facts,
and investigation of documents of considerable
magnitude, requiring considerable labor to go
through their investigation. I know he has come
to a conclusion directly opposite to that which the
Senator from Texas thinks is very clear. He has
prepared himself, he has investigated the case, and
he wishes to state to the Senate the result of his
investigation. He did not anticipate any move-
ment to take it up out of its order. Were he
here to-day, he would be ready to discuss it; for
he did in good faith proceed to inform himself of
the facts, and he immediately prepared himself for
the discussion. I think, out of courtesy to him,
the bill should not be taken up to-day. I think,
in justice to all, that we may understand it, it
should not he taken up.
Mr. CLARKE. I had designed—and my pa-
pers are before me—to go on to-day; but after the
appeal which litis been made by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Charlton,] and the particular cir-
cumstances under which that appeal has been
made, I withdraw all claim I may have upon the
courtesy of the Senate to proceed to-day, and will
vote for the motion of the honorable Senatorfrom
Georgia.
Mr. DAWSON. I trust I maybe permitted to
suggest to my colleague to withdraw his motion
until to-morrow, and let the Senator from Rhode
Islund £o on this morning.
Mr. CLARKE. It makes but little difference
to me whether I proceed to-day or to-morrow. I
have the evidence before me; it is nearly all either
written or printed. I have very little myself to
say, except to submit the evidence.
Mr. CASS. As the Senator from Rhode Island
is perfectly willing to postpone his remarks, it cer-
tainly appears to me that the appeal, presented by
the Senator from Georgia, is such as to justify the
Senate in going on with the bill which he has
moved to take up.
Mr. Charlton's motion was agreed to, and the
Senate proceeded to consider the bill as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Treasurer of the United
States to pay to the legal representatives of General
James C. Watson, late of the State of Georgia,
deceased, $14,600, with six per cent, interest per
annum, from May 8th, 1838, till paid, being the
amount paid by him, under the sanction of the
Indian agent, to certain Creek warriors, for slaves
captured by said warriors while they were in the
service of the United States against the Seminole
Indians in Florida.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move that the Presi-
dent of the Senate appoint an additional member
of the Committee on Enrolled Bills, as one of the
members of that committee is now absent on ac-
count of indisposition.
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Charlton
was appointed.
NOTICE OP A RESOLUTION.
Mr. TOUCEY gave notice of his intention to
introduce a joint resolution, transferring from the
office of the Attorney General to the Solicitor of
the Treasury the duty of examining titles to lands
proposed to be purchased or taken by the United
States for custom-houses and other public pur-
poses.
THE BOUNDARY COMMISSIONER.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution, submitted by Mr. Weller on the 28th
of June, proposing the appointment of a select
committee of five to investigate the charges pre-
ferred by Colonel J. McClellan, of the Corps of
Topographical Engineers, against J. R. Bartlett,
Commissioner to run and mark the boundary line
between the United States and Mexico.
Mr. CLARKE addressed the Senate for some
time in defense of the official conduct of Com-
missioner Bartlett, but, without concluding, gave
way—
And the Senate adjourned,
