1851*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
New Hampshire ask for a vote on his motion to,
reconsider?
Mr. TUCK. 1 do.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question being: taken, oft a division there
were—ayes 75, noes 58.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question recurring upon the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] it
ivas taken and decided in the affirmative.
, So the rules were suspended,and the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Hibbard in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question be-
fore the committee was on the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Harris.] to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Taylor.]
The following is the first section of the bill:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That nothing in the act approved September '28, 18.">0;
"granting bounty land to certain officer and Midlers who
have been engaged m the military pervice of the United
States,,5 shall be construed so as to prevent the sale and
tiansferof any cemficate or warrant issued by virtue of said
act, prior to the location of the same, or the issue of the
patent thereon.
Mr. TAYLOR had submitted the following:
amendment to come in at the end of the above
resolution:
u In coiiformity with a form to he prescribed by the Com-
missioner 01 the General Land Office."
Mr. CARTT15R called for the reading of the
amendment to the amendment, and it whs read as
follows:
" Provided, That in all cases the assignment shall be ac-
knowledged or proven by two subscribing witnesses, before
some officer authorized* to take the probate of deeds, who
shall certify under his seal of office that the person malting
the assignment is personally known to linn, or that lus or
her identity has been proven by two credible witnesses."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
tellers on the adoption of the proviso; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Fowler and Cartter ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and there were—ayes 52, noes
56—no quorum voting.
[Cries of "Another count!" and "Call the roll!"]
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent
another count will be had.
Mr. KING, of New York. No, call the roll.
The roll was then called, and the absentees noted.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union having found itself without a
quorum, had instructed him to report that fact to
tne House, with the names of the absentees.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, stated, that Mr.
Parker, of Indiana, was detained from his seat
by sickness.
A quorum being now present, the committee
resumed its session; and the question being taken
on the amendment to the amendment, tellers re-
perted—ayes 67, noes 59.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question recurred on Mr. Taylor's amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. SACKETT. Is an amendment now in
Older by way of substitute5
The CHAIRMAN. It is not now in order.
Mr. TAYLOR asked for the reading of the
amendment as amended, and it was read.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I propose to
amend the amendment by inserting at the com-
mencement thereof the words "but the same
shall be assiirnoble."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. That would ;
make it imperative.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I will make it " may !
be. assignable." As the bill now reads, it says
that nothing ill the existing law shall be so con-
strued as that the warrant shall not be assignable.
My object is to make it affirmative.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask leave to have an amend-
ment read which I propose to offer as a substitute
for the whole of the first section.
The CHAIRMAN. The substitute is not now
in order, but by universal consent it can be read
for information.
• Several Members objected to the reading.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I now offer
the amendment which I indicated just now.
Mr. FICKLIN. Do you propose to strike out
that about the construction of the law?
Mr. STEPHENS. No; I propose to strike out
nothing, but merely to insert the words which I
have read, so as to make it affirmative.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stephens's
amendment to the amendment, and it was agreed
to.
Mr. FICKLIN. I propose now to amend the
amendment as amended, by inserting after the
word "assignment" the words " by indorsement
upon the warrant;" so as to make it read; " Pro-
' videtl, That in all cases the assignment by indorse-
' ment upon the warrant shall be acknowledged or
1 proven," &c.
The object of that amendment is, that the sol-
dier shall have his warrant before he makes an
assignment of it, and that he shall make the as-
signment upon the warrant, instead of upon a
separate piece of paper. A great many of the
frauds which have been committed have arisen
from the want of such a provision as this.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If we are not ex-
ceedingly cautious, we shall get into difficulty
about this whole matter. This amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ficklin] requires
the assignment to be upon the warrant. Now,
the warrant never leaves the Department. It is
filed there; a certificate of location is issued to the
soldier, and it is located and returned here. I be-
lieve that has been the case with nearly all the
warrants that have been issued.
Mr. BISSELL here interposed a remark, which
was not heard by the Reporter. j
Mr. JONES, (continuing.) The best way to ;
provide for this assignment, I thii>k, would be to
declare that such sale, transfer, or assignment shall
be made and authenticated in accordance with
rules to be prescribed by the Secretary of the In-
terior. He can then alter them to suit the circum-
stances.
Mr. FICKLIN, (interposing.) I would sug-
gest to the gentleman, that the certificate of loca-
tion is the paper that is assigned, and is the one
that is located upon the land.
Mr. JONES. Then put in " warrantor certifi-
cate of location."
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Illinois modify his amendment?
Mr. FICKLIN. I have no objection to do so,
but it is understood already. The certificate of
location is the paper that is assigned.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 suggest to
the gentleman from Illinois, that his amendment
would be more acceptable, if it did not require the
assignment to be proven before the person author-
ized to take the probate of Seeds. It will require
a man to go to the clerk's office m the county seat
every time he wants to make an assignment.
Mr. FICKLIN. I will state to the gentleman
from Kentucky, that the provision to which he has
reference, is contained in the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,] which
lias already been adopted by the committee. My
amendment is simply to have the assignment made
upon the warrant or certificate of location, and not
upon a separate piece of paper. My object is to
prevent fraud and forgery.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this an amend-
ment to an amendment'
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tertnessee. I thought the
gentleman from Illinois was willing to modify
his amendment, bv adding the words " or cer-
tificate of location."
Mr. FICKLIN. I will do it.
The amendment was modified accordingly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it m order now
to offer *an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; there is an
amendment to an amendment now pending.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I think, as the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] has said,
that we are likely to get into great difficulty with
this bill. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fick-
lin] has submitted an amendment that these as-
signments shall be authenticated by two witnesses
before some officer authorized to take the probate
of deeds.
Mr. FICKLIN, (interrupting.) That provision
was contained.in the substitute submitted by me
yesterday, which has not been voted upon by the
committee. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Harris] offered an amendmeBtrequiring th« same*
thing, which has been voted on and. adopted1 by .
the committee, and I intend, therefore, to abandon
my substitute. ,
Mr._ STEPHENS.' What I wish to say is,
that different officers have authority to Witness
deeds, in the.different Statesof tli'is union. This
would occasion some difficulty, if we were to pass
such a law as this, and therefore I think it would
be better to adopt the amendment suggested by the
gentleman fiom Maryland, [Mr. Walsh,] provi-
ding that the assignment shall be witnessed by
such partiesas ore authorized to authenticate deeda
in the several States where the assignments are
made. We have been here for two days engaged
upon one section of the bill, and it is impossible
for gentlemen upon different sides of the House to
understand one another in reference to this subject.
We shall spend two more days upon the bill at
this rate. I shall therefore move that the commit-
tee rise, for the purpose of submitting a motion to
the House to take this bill from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union,, and refer it
to the Committee on the Judiciary, who can pre-
sent to the House a bill that will meet the views ,
and wishes of all. We can never perfect such a
bill here. I move that the committee rise and re-
port the bill to the House with a recommendation
that it be referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask permis-
sion to say a few words upon that motion, and I
usually say as little as any gentleman here. It is
well known 
Mr. TUCK. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas can only proceed by unanimous consent, as
debate is out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman's objection
came too late. A gentleman must object before a
man has begun his remarks. [Laughter, and cries
of "Go oil!"] I have merely to say that I am
perfectly satisfied of the entire sincerity of the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] in making
this motion, for I have been with him here for
some time. But at the same time I know that .
after the amount of discussion which we have had
upon this bill, if we now put it beyond our reach
and send it to a committee, it is lost beyond resur-
rection. If we want these land warrants made
assignable and the other relief given which is con-
templated by this bill, we must go on and consider
the bill and act upon it now.
If there is not sufficient intelligence amongst the
members of this House to perfect a bill that was
discussed for weeks during the last Congress, and
has been so much discussed already in this, no
Judiciary Committee can do it; it cannot be done
at all. if we go back now and refer this bill to a
committee, we shall have again to go through the
whole process of considering and discussing sepa-
rate amendments. If the committee rises now
without considering and perfecting the. bill, we
shall have gone back to where we commenced
yesterday morn ing. The whole country demands
that these warrants shall be made assignable, and
that the other provisions contemplated by this bill
shall be made. We had better proceed with the
bill and perfect it. I call for tellers on the motion
that the committee do now rise.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentle-
man from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] appeals to
the experience of this House to sustain him in
saying that should this resolution go to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, it will be the last we shall
see of it. I would barely remark that such has
not been my experience.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the gentleman will
not understand me as casting any slur upon that
committee.
Mr. STEPHENS. I did not understand the
gentleman as casting any slur upon that commit-
tee; but I think the experience of this House in
regard to the past is, that bills which have been
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, have
been considered and acted upon with promptness.
The gentleman says this House has sufficient in-
telligence to perfect this resolution. I do not
doubt its intelligence, but I submit that however
intelligent it may be, it is impossible for us to per-
fect this resolution so well here as it can be done
by the Judiciary Committee. I submit, with all
i due respect, that this committee is constituted of
j gentlemen who are more competent to perioral
