148
THE CON-QRESSIONA'L GLOBE.
Deo. 2%
this duty; they can better draw up bills, and put
them in the proper legal form, than the majority
of the members of this House. Many gentlemen
are not lawyers, and they may state what they
desire to be done fn order to put the bill in a fordo
to make it acceptable to them. The gentleman
gays that it is poor soldiers whose claims are pre-
sented in this bill. Now, in my judgment, this
forms an additional reason why the bill should be
committed to the Committee on the Judiciary, in
order that we, as members -upon this floor, may
not fail in our ^efforts to accomplish the object we
have in view, by employing improper language.
I think, therefore, that it will facilitate this busi-
ness if the committee rise and report the bill to
the House, in order that it may be referred to the
appropriate committee for perfection, with instruc-
tions (if gentleman desire it) to report with as
little delay as possible. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Tellers were demanded, and ordered; and
Messrs. Cartter and Fowler were appointed.
The question was'then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 67.
So the motion prevailed.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and especially joint resolu-
tion No. 1, in relation to bounty land warrants,
and had instructed him to report the same to the
House, with the recommendation that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ORR. I desire that the House will also
refer the bill upon this subject which was pre-
pared by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. It embraces all the points touched upon
in the* bill before the House, and is, in many re-
spects, preferable to any hill I have seen, and!
hope that it will be referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee along with that bill. It is as follows, viz:
A BILL declaring warrants formilitaiy bounty land assign-
able, and for other purposes.
Si,;r . I. lie it cuartcd by the Semite and House of lieprc-
tenhthoa of the. United States of Jhiin'ien hi ('t)n rv*s
assembled, That all warrants for nnlit.uy bounty l.uidl
winch have been, or may hwatter be issued, undoi any
Jaw of the United States, and all valid location.*; of tho same
which have been, or may hereattoi he made, and the same
are hereby declared, assignable, according to Mich tonn,
and pursuant to Mteli regulations, a-> nmy be pie>cubod by
the Comniiswioner of the. General Land Office.
Si:c\ 2. Jltul be it further enacted, That the registers and
receivers of the United States land offices shall hereafter
bo severally authorized to charge ami receive, foi their ser-
vices m locating all military bounty land wariauts, tho same
rate of compensation or percentage to which they ate enti-
tled by law ioi sides of the public lauds for cash, <it the rate
of one dollar and twenty-live cents per aeie; the said
compensation to ho paid by the a^njneo or holder of such
wan ant, in all eases wlieie the same'have been tiaiiKterred
by the soldier m* his legal icptcseniatives but m any case
in which the waitaut has been or may he located by and for
tin; use of the warrantee or his heirs, no compel nation shall
be charged by the legator or icceivci !oi aey t eivice> tliey
may rcndei in making such location; and the proMsions of
the act ot 17th May, J^*18, lecturing "the holdei oi nnhtaiv
land warrants uncompensate the laud otbeeis ot the United
States for «ervice in i elation to the location of thoi-o wai-
ranN," be, ami the same aie hereby repealed.
SKC.il. be it further eiuuted, That the A an king
privilege be, and the same is hereby extended t<-  the puna-
pal clerk of public lands of the General Laud Olftce.
Mr. BISSELL. Is there any motion before
the House?
The SPEAKER. Nothing except the report
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. B1SSELL. Then there is nothing* before
the House.
Mr. ORR. The report of the Committee of the
"Whole is before the liouse, and the question is on
concurring with the recommendation of that com-
mittee. 1 submit that that is the motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I understand
that the question now pending is to refer the bill
under consideration to tho Committee on the Ju-
diciary, as recommended by the Committee of the
"Whole.
Mr, RISSELL. That question could not come
before the House without a motion, and no such
motion has been made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
recommendation of the Committee of the Whole
is now before the Hous,e? and the question pend-
ing, therefore, is to refer the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. B1SSELL. Is that motion debatable?
-Mr. STEPHENS. Certainly; but I have pos-
session of the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens! has been recognized.
Mr. BISSELL. I submit, with due deference
to the Chair, that I was recognized first.
The SPEAKER. It istnjethegentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Bissell] was recognized by the
Chair; but that gentleman only asked a question,
which the Chair answered, when the floor ^as
accorded to the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not claim the floor for
the purpose of debating this question. I merely
rise for the purpose of moving the previous ques-
tion.
Mr- DUNHAM. Will the gentleman from
Georgia withdraw the demand for the previous
question for a moment, in order that, I may be al-'
lowed to make a single inquiry?
Mr. STEPHENS. I will withdraw it for that
purpose.
Mr. DUNHAM. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Georgia if he would not accept
an amendment to his motion, to refer the bill to a
select committee, instead of the Committee on the
Judiciary?
Mr. STEPHENS. I have no objection to its
going to a committee composed of the friends of
the bill. I will accept the gentleman's amend-
ment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
point of order.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have not yet yielded the
floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. I sunposo I have the right
to state my point of order, whether the gentleman
yields the floor or not. What I wish to say is,
that after the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] has moved the previous question, he has
no right to withdraw it for the purpose of allowing
one gentleman to get in his amendment, when the
rest of us will not be permitted to offer ours.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the g-entlemfin objects,
then f shall insist upon my first motion, to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary. I
make that motion, and now move the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,]
whether lie designed his motion as a distinct
proposition, or to be incorporated in the motion
of the gentleman from Georgia?
Mr. ORR. I a.sked that the bill to which I re-
ferred might go with the bill under consideration
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. HALL, {.desire to propound a question
to the Chair. m
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order.
The main question was then ordered- to be put.
Mr. HALL. I now desire to inquire whether,
if the House refuse to refer the bill, it will not then
be in order to put it upon its passage?
The SPEAKER. Tt will be in order to move
that it be engrossed and read a thud time.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I desiie to ask how
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Our] has
got his bill before the House ?
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of the House, the gentleman from South Carolina
was permitted to move that his bill be referred,
along with that before the House, to the Judiciary
Committee, ff the gentleman desire it, however,
the question will be taken separately upon the ref-
erence of each bill.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I make it as a point
of order, that the gentleman from South Carolina
had no nq:ht to introduce his hill.
The SPEAKER. It was introduced by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. STANTON. But there was no opportu-
nity of making objection.
The SPEAKER. The question was pending
to refer the bill under consideration to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. The gentleman from
South Carolina, by unanimous consent moved, as
an amendment, to refer along with it the bill
drafted by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. The question, therefore, now is to refer
both bills to that committee.
Mr. FICKLIN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and the question being taken,
there were—yeas 82, nays 81; as fqllow:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Allison, John Ap-
pleton, William Appleton, Babcoek, Thomas H. Bayly,
Bennett, John B. Boyd, ISragg, Briggs, Brook*, Albert G.
Brown; Burrows, Busby, Joseph Cabte, Cartter, Chandler,
Chapman, Curtis, George T. Davis, Dockery, Evans,
Faulkner, Floyd, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Giddings, Grey, Grow. HanviJtos, Rascall, Haven,
Hebarrl, Hendricks, Hibbara, Hillyei, Howard, Thomas
M. Howe, Hunter, Ingcrsoll, Ive^, Jackson, James Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Preston King. Kuhns,
Landry, Letcher, Martin, McDonald, Meacham, Henry D.
Moore, Moiehead, Nabers, Newton, Orr, Andrew Parker^
Perkins, Robbins, Robie, Scudder, Scurry, David L. Sey-
mour, Origen,S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Stanly, Alex-
ander Stephens, Sutherland, George W. Tnompson, Thurs-
ton, Townrfhend, Tuck, Venablo, Walbridge, Wallace,
Welch, Wilcox, and Wildriek—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Andrews, Averett, Bar-
rere, Bartlett, Dibighaus, Bissell, Bocock, Breckenridge,
Brenton, E. Cairrngtori Cabell, Caldwell, Ca&kie, Chastain,
Ohurchwell, Clark, Cleveland, Ohngman, Cobb, Conger,
Cullom, John G. Davia, Doty, Dunham, Eastman, Edger-
ton, Edmundson, Fickhn, Fitch, Floience, ©amble, Gay-
lord. Gentry, Goodcnow, Gorman, Green, Hall, IshamG.
Hanis, Sampson W. Ilarrrs, Henn, John W. How^y
Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, J-
Gl-ancy Jone<j, Kurtz, Loekhart, Mace, Humphrey Mai shall,
McCorkle, Millson, Miner, Molony, Murphy, Olds, Peasiee,
Penn, Penntman, Porter, Richardson, Riddle, Robinson,
Sackett, Savage, Smart, Benjamin Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Stone, St. Martin, Stuart,
Sweetser, Taylor, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins,
Addison White, Williams, and Yates—81.
The Chair voted «in the negative, and the bill
was not referred.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move this- House do
now adjourn.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
The question was then taken by tellers, (Messrs,
Richardson and Clingman acting,) and decided
in the negative—ayes 23y noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. FiCKLIN. I move the previous question
upon the hill.
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to make an inquiry.
It is whether the bill is not still under the operation
of the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
ordered upon the motion to commit.
Mr. DUNHAM. I then inquire of the Chair
whether or not,'after the previous question has
exhausted itself, the question may not be recon-
sidered?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
The Chair thinks that as the House is acting upon
the direction or recommendation of theCommittee
of the Whole, the previons question would not
apply to the question of engrossment. The ques-
tion is now on ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time, on which the previous
question has been demanded.
[Cries of "Gtuestion!" "Question!"]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If the House
should refuse now to order the previous question*
will it not be in order to refer the bill again to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. EVANS. How will this previous ques-
tion operate?
The SPEAKER. To bring the House to a
vote upon the question of ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. EVANS. I then rise to a question of or-
der. I submit that the bill takes its place in regu-
lar order upon the Speaker's table, and comes up
under the 27th rule, after messages, executive
communications, bills and resolutions from the
Senate on their first and second reading, engrossed
bills and bills from the Senate on their third read-
ing, according to the provisions of that rule. It
comes up in the fifth order, and not in the first,
and cannot be now taken up on the question of
engrossment without the unanimous consent of
the House. The 27th rule expressly provides
that it shall be the fifth business m order.
The SPEAKER. I overrule the point of order
made by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans, j
Mr. EVAI^S. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and ask that the 27th rule may be
read.
The rule was then read, as follows:
"27. After one hour shall have been devoted to reports
from committees and resolutions, it shall be in order, pend-
ing the consideration or discussion thereof, to entertain a
motion that the House do now proceed to dispose of the
business on the Speaker's table, and to the orders of the
day—January 5, 1832; whieh being decided in the afthm-
ative, the Speaker shall dispose of the business on his table
in the following order, viz :—September 14, 1837.
" 1st. Messages and other Executive communications.—
September 14,1837.
