1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
sippi rose in his place, when he concluded, ||
and was recognized by t.lie Chair  ii
The SPEAKER. 'The decision of the Chair is j[
simply this: He did not hear distinctly what was !j
said by the gentleman from New York m reply to ji
his colleague, who made a request of him to sus~ |
pend his motion. The Chair was under the lm- i
pression thatthegentleman had withdrawn hismo- \
lion. He affirms that he has not, and whatever |
has passed since was not in order. The question I
now is upon the motion to go into the Committee j
of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
Mr. FLORENCE. Do 1 understand the Chair ,
to decide that the gentleman from New Yoik was t
out of order during the hour that he lias been j
speaking upon the subject of the public printing? j
The SPEAKER. TheChair lias made no such j
decision. He has not been called npon to decide
that point, and, of course, shall make no decision
in regard to it.
Mr. DEAN. I insist upon my motion being
put.
The SPEAKER. Whatever has passed in the
House has been by the courtesy of the Chair and
the House. Since the gentleman from New York
submits the motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole upon the state of the Union, it being
m order under the rules, the Chair is bound to put
that proposition to the House.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to suspend the rules, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and there were—ayes 78, noes
3fi; no quorum.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers; which were ordered;
and Messrs. Chandler and Hamilton were ap-
pointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 7*, noes 38.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. .Before the yeas and nays
are called, 1 desire to ask for information. If the
House resolve to go into the Committee of tiie
Whole upon the state of the Union on the special
order, what will become of the report of the Com-
mittee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. It will go on the Speaker's
table. |
Mr. FLORENCE. And then, sir, how can it j
be leached?
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
it could be reached by a simple motion m the
morning.
Mr.'JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It can be
readied by calling up the business upon the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the Mouse refuses to go
into the Committee of the Whole, it is subject to
any action the Mouse may choose to take upon it;
The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. FLORENCE. A majority of the Mouse
can recommit it to the committee, order it to be
printed, or make any disposition of it they eiioose *
TheSPEAKER. Anv disposition can be made
of it a majority of the House chooses.
Mr. STUART. I would ask the gentleman
who has made the motion to go into committee to
withdraw it until the motion can he made to print
the report made by thePnnting Committee. Then
we can £o into "committee, and, as I understand
it, it will be in order to take it up at any time.
Mr. DEAN. Ideclm-withd rawing my motion.
[Cries of "Vote it down ! Vote it down ' "J
The question was a<cain put, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 95, as follows:
YEAS—MV^rp. Thomas U. Pa\ly, "Bowie. T'rijrjrs
Chastam, ('lark, Curtis, Daw-son, "!)<•.iri, Dunham, K;i>t-
inan, Thomas .I. D Fuller, (*avlord, Gorman. Grey, Ham-
ilton, lf<'!Kirirk-, Hibb.uil, llilljei. John \V. Howe, fn<jei-
soll, Jackson, Andiew Johnson. (ieoi. e W. Jones, fieor«e
G Kmc, Lookhart, Ma-son, MoWulhn, Moaeham,'Meade,
Morehead. Muriav, Nabor--, Newton, < >hh, tfatnuel IV
Parker, Poaslee, Polk. Price, Riddle, Ro-s, Ilu-sell, Sav
ace, Crimen S Sejmour, tfkelton, Stanly, Fred. P. Stan-
ton, Richard IF Stanton, Aln'm P Stevens iSlone. Smitton,
Stuard, Pntheiland. WHI-, Willi,tins, and Yate-,—.>o.
NAYS—Aiken, Allison, John A p pi "ton, William
Appleton, Barreie, Haitlert, Bennett. Hoeoek, Bowno,
Brazil, Brunton, P.rook*, Albeit G. Hrown, IJuell, Huriows,
J. Cable, Lewi-' 1) Campbell,Chandler. Ohaput.ui, Chn^-
man. Cobb, Cottman, John G. Davis, Dimmiek, Disnev,
Doty, Edfferton, Fitch, Florericc, Floyd, Fouler, Freeman,
Gamble, Goodenow, Goodnel), Green, Grow. Hall, Har-
per, F«ham G. Ilarn*, Sampson W. Ham*. Haven, l?enn,
Horstbrd, Ilou-ton. Thomas M. Howe, Hunter. James
Johnson. Daniel T. Jones. J. Glancv Jones, Preston Kin?,
Kuhu?, Kurtz, Landry, Letcher, Humphiey Marshall,
Martin. McDonald, McLanahan, McNair,IVI -Queen, Mill- '
son, Miner, .Violonv, Henry D. Moore, Orr, Outlaw, An- 1
thevv Parker, Pcnuiman, Phelps, Poitei, Powell, ltantoul,
Uobhfns, Saokett, Sc heimerhosn, Sehoolciatt, Sendder, j
Scurry, Smait, Smith, Snow, Benjamin Stanton,Thaddens !
Stevens, St Martin, Taylor, Uenj.tmm Thompson. Thura- j
ton, Venable, Walbndge, Wallace, Wmd, Washbuin, i
Watkius, and Woodward—95. :
Mr. BROWN. I desire to make some remarks !
to the Mouse upon the subject, but before doing J
so, I move to print the report from the Committee j
on Printing,   ;
Mr. FLORENCE. May I ask the gentleman ;
to give way for a moment,, so that I may oiler the !
following resolution? 1
"Resolved, That the report of tiie Committee on Printing
be re!'*i red back to that committee, and that the committee,
henever the public pwitei fniln to do any punting oiUered
b> the House accotding to hi* contract, ho irMnifted to ad- !
verti-e, for ten da\s, !or piopo&.ils? to print each orih'r
in the manner prescribed by the punting contraet, and to
award the punmi^of each oider of the House to the lowest j
ie->[>on^ible buldei.
Mr. POLK. That is, that the public printer
be required to tell us when he will print the Pres-
ident's message.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] yield for this purpose*
Mr. BROWN. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. KING, of New York. The resolution is
in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. It cannot repeal a law with-
out beinif a joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the im-
pression, upon hearing the ieso!ution read, that it
is so connected with the public printing, that it
will not be bis business to decide if out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand it to be decided
out of order. Does the Chair receive it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated, from hear-
ing of the resolution, thut he could not decide it out
of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I wish to present a
point of order in connection with the amendment
offered by thegentlem.ui from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Florence.] The Joint Committee on Printing
have acted under an existing law; and, if I under-
stand the amendment, it proposes not only to
change the law under which the committee acted
by a simple resolution of this House, hut it pro-
poses to instruct a joint committee of the two
Houses, by a mere resolution of oneof the Houses
creating that committee, to repeal a law by resolu-
tion-, it must be a joint resolution, and a joint res-
olution will also be necessary to instinct a joint
committee. In that way the sense of both Houses
is obtained, and not otherwise.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very clearly
of the opinion, that by the action of a single House
a law could not be repealed.
Mr. 1 IOUSTON. That is the point I make.
The SPEAKER. That is a point forthe House
to dende. If the House chooses to consider and
debate it, it is not for the Chair to decide that they
cannot do so.
Mr. FLORENCE The amendment is merely
instructing the committee what to do, and I think
the House are competent to do that.
Mr. BAYLY. Does the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Fi.oreyci:] maintain that one House
can instruct a |omt committee'
Mr. FLORENCE. I will then offer it as a
joint resolution, i so modify it.
Mr. BAYLY. Suppose this House refers it
back, and the other does not, what action can that
committee take upon it? It is a joint committee,
and one House cannot instruct it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit it as a joint res-
olution, and then that objection is obviated, I ap-
prehend.
Mr. KING, of New York. I suppose it is com-
petent for the [louse to determine what we will
do in the matter. The resolution is m order,
wheihet it is in accordance with the joint resolu-
tion or not.
1 The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
not competent for him to determine what the
House will do, or ought to do, in reference to the
repeal of laws or instructions to their committees.
Mr. KING. Is the resolution decided to be in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It is germane, and m order.
Mr. BROWN. I do riot intend to detain the
House by anything like an elaborate speech upon
the subject of the public printing. In the few re-
marks which I propose to submit, I shall endeavor
to confine myself as nearly as possible to the sub-
jects dnectiy before us; nor should I have asked
the indulgence of the House to say a word but for
the agency which I have taken heretofore m this
matter. When I heard thai the Committee on
Public Piloting had done more than, by the expla-
nation of the honorable chairman I am now in-
duced to think they intended to do, I thought
they had exceeded the authority given them by
law, and that they had done that which this House
ought not to sanction by lis silence, much less by
its express assent. With the explanation which
the honorable chairman has given, I am satisfied
the committee have intended to confine them-
selves to the letter of the law; but I am just as
well satisfied that their action will lead to an abuse
of the law. The Committee on Public Printing
have a right, according to one construction of the
statute of 1846, to take so much of the public
printing from the present employee as he fails or
refuses'to execute. Under this authority we now
learn from the chairman, that they propose to
take from the public printer—what? The work
which he has refused or failed to execute, and this
alone? No, sir; for in the progress of his re-
marks the honorable chairman tells you that they
have in their possession now a considerable
quantity of woik, winch has never yet been sub-
mitted to the public printer. What brought the
minds of the committee to the conclusion, that the
printer would either fail or refuse to execute the
work, when it had nevei been m his hands? Was
it not straining a conclusion to determine that he
. had failed to execute, and would not execute,
work which they had never intrusted to his care,
and ne\er asked him to execute? The honorable
chairman of the committee says that the public
printer has failed to execute some of the work
heieiofoie mtiusted to his caie. But does thecon-
cluoion necessarily follow, that he will continue to
fail *, or that, having failed in one kind of printing,
he would fail m all others5
Was it ever expected that the public printer
could execute the printing of this House instantly
upon its delivery to him5 Has there been any
extraordinary delay m the delivery of this work?
According to my recollection, the public printing
is about as forward, about as near to completion,
as it usually is at this season of the year. We
have the fust part of the President's message,
bound and laid upon our tables, one copy for each
member: and what matters it whether the extra
copies shall beprinted this month,the next month,
or three months hence? When was the last part
of the President's message and accompanying
documents printed during the long session of the
last Congress? According to my recollection, we
were getting along towsuds the dog-days before it
was laid upon our tables. Was the then vener-
able and highly-respected public printer [Mr.
Ritchie] hauled over the coals for a failure to per-
form his duty? Was Mr. Ritchie—against whom
I have no word of complaint to utter here—held
up to the country as a defaulter in the discharge
of his duties? Ah! some gentleman answers, in
a low tone, Yes. It is well the tone is low. No
gentleman ought to answer yes, in a loud voice.
The House knows what was the action taken
upon that subject two years ago. At the close of
the session of 1850, there was found to be, m one
House of Congress, a large majority not only in-
disposed to call Mr. Ritchie to an account for any
failure to comply with his contract, but actually
disposed and determined to give him some sixty
or seventy thousand dollars of the public money
as extia compensation. Mr. Ritchie was paid
every dollar that he claimed under his contract,
and his friends were anxious to give him a great
deal more. I never understood that he did the
work any better, or any more rapidly than the
contract called for; and yet there was aiaigeparty
in this House ready to vote him sixty thousand
dollars, or more, over and above what the contract
called for: and it was only, according to my recol-
lection, by parliamentary manoeuvring that the
thing was prevented. You had two or three com-
mittees of conference upon the subject, and the
subject was pressed upon our attention as no other
subject was ever pressed upon us. And let me
remind certain gentleman, who are enforcing a
very rigid observance of the law against Mr. Ham-
ilton, that the journals show them to have been
more than liberal towards Mr. Ritchie. Now, sir,
I desire to know why it is, in this land of laws,
