150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec 23,
J
.that the previous question has been exhausted,
and that the motion to reconsider is debatable.
Mr. DUNHAM. I hope the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which ^he bill was engrossed
and read a third 'time may prevail I If it does, I
mean to make a motion to refer the bill to a select
committee where it may be fully considered.
Mr. BRECKENRIDGE. I wish to say a word
upon that motion to those having constituents in-
terested in these land warrants. I am in favor of
the reference of the subject to a select committee.
By the bill as it now stands the holders of these
warrants are limited, in the location of them to the
Jands in the market at the time the bill was passed.
Since that time great quantities of lancfa have been
brought into market. Should 'you not adopt an
amendment including the lands that were brought
in£o market after the passage of that bill, it will be
practically excluding the holders of land warrants
,from the best portion of the public domain.
Mr, CABELL, of Florida. Will the gentle-
man allow me to say a word?
Mr. BRECKENRIDGE. Certainly, sir.
Mr, CABELL. I propose to the gentleman
from Kentucky that he will offer as an amend-
ment such as I send to the Clerk's table.
Mr. BRECKENRIDGE. I will cheerfully ;
yield to an amendment that will accomplish my
purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. CABELL. I do not propose to amend
the biiU This question is open to' discussion,
and I only desired that the proposition should
be read, with "a view to carry out the pur-
poses of the gentleman from "Kentucky, [Mr.
Biucckenridge.] I will state to the gentleman
from Kentucky, and to the House, that when this
bill granting bounty lands originally passed, it had
no such provision attached to it as that which he
proposes to repeal. All lands, subject to entry at
the time of making the application to locate the
bounty lands, were oj>en to the soldier. At the
succeeding session of Congress, a gentleman from
Ohio, no longer a member of this House, (Mr.
Vinton,) who seemed to be specially anxious to
prevent new States from acquiring benefits which
had been conferred most liberally upon his own,
introduced, at what time 1 know not, in a bill
having no connection with bounty lands whatever
a proviso, to repeal which thegetftleman from Ken-
tucky now makes Ins motion. In one of the gen-
eral appropriation bills of jhe preceding session, a
Eroviso was introduced, providing that no land
ounty for military services granted by the act of
the 28th of September, 1850, entitled uAn act
granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States, or by virtue of any other act of
Congress heretofore passed granting land bounties
for military services, shall be satisfied out of any
public land not heretofore brought into market,
and now subject to entry at private sale under ex-
isting laws. This was a proviso to the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill. In that way it
passed the House, and, as I think against the sense
of the House. I intend, when it shall be in order,
to offer an additional section to the bill, to repeal
that clause of the civil and diplomatic bill, thus: i
.find be it further resolved, That so much of an act entitled 1
u .An act making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic i
expenses of Government for the year ending the 30th Jum:,
1853, and {brother pu^po-spes," as provider u that no laud
bounty lor militaiy servires granted by the act of the 26th of
September, 1850, entitled { An act granting bounty! and to
certain officers and soldier^ who have pngaged in the mili-
tary scrvice of the United States,' or by vu tue of anv other
act of Congress heretofore passed, granting land bounties
for military semces, shall be &ati*fip«J out ol any public land
not heretofore brought mto maiket. and now <ubj<>( f to pntry
at private sale uuder existing laws," be and the same is
hereby repealed.
Mr. BRECKENRIDGE. The proposition is
not now in order. It is evident that the gentleman
from Florida and myself arc aiming at the same
thing. I rose merely for the purpose of explaining
a portion of the bill, and of showing the importance
of amending it in the manner suggested. I hope
the friends of the soldier will vote for the reference,
and for giving this privilege to holders of land' 1
warrants.
Mr. TUCK. I am in favor of the reconsidera- !
tion moved, although I would oppose it, if nothing !
influenced me but the reasons which have hitherto '
been assigned in its favor. I am decidedly opposed
to the amendment which the gentleman .from
Florida- [Mr. Cabell] designs to offer to the bill,
in case the vote to reconsider prevails. To^>pen
the virgin lands of the territories to the liability of
being taken by the holders of these warrants, is a
measure which I can never support. 1 had the :
pleasure during the last summer to travel through
several of the Western States, and into one of the
Territories. In Minnesota I found men who had
removed from Illinois and Wisconsin to escape the J
effect of such a provision as the gentleman from j
Florida proposes, by his amendment, to make j
general throughout the Territories and our whole ■
domain. These men gave me as the only reason j
for leaving the fertile fields and prairies of those
States, that the villages which they had commenced
to build up by hard labor, amidst the inconvem-,
ences of a frontier life, had become surrounded
by the lands of those who had bought up and
located land warrants, and who, amidst the luxu-
ries of eastern cities, were waiting for their lands
to be made valuable by the hard labor of the
western farmer. They told me that they would
no longer work to develop a country, when the
land about them, without an inhabitant upon it,
was to be enhanced in value by their labor only;
and to escape such a necessity they had gone to
Minnesota, where land warrants cannot be located
by the laws of the country, and where the actual
inhabitants own the soil. These men were those
who live by the sweat of their brows—honest citi-
zens, desirous only of earnjjig a livelihood and
competence, by hard labor and patient industry.
It may be that the only satisfaction we shall de-
rive from attempting to arrest the passage of this
bill, will be to gain the privilege of giving a de-
liberate vote against it. That satisfaction I hope to
•have, and also that of calling the attention of the
House to some of my objections to its provisions.
I call the attention of members to the fact, that
thivS bill has its present place ahead of all other
business, because we have, m regard to this
measure, dispensed with the formalities, require-
ments, and tests which are required in all other
cases. This bill has been to no standing commit-
tee, has never been considered in Committee of
the Whole House, except the first section of it,
and is now attempted to be forced through, under
the operation of the previous question. I am un-
able to understand the occasion of this hot haste,
and undignified rapidity of legislation, unless
speculators in warrants are impatient to have a
good branch of business opened to them for the
winter. Gentlemen may suppose that the multi-
plication of land warrants by this bill will espe-
cially benefit the Western donees erf the land.
They may be right in this supposition, but I can
assure them that the sharp-sighted speculators of
the Atlantic cities wil^divide the spoils with them.
They will buy the warrants at a great discount,
locate them in large or small parcels in all parts
"of the West, and patiently wait at home for the
Western men to give a high value to these lands
by labor and toil, in which the speculators will
not participate. The lands will thus be held in a
sort of mortmain, and the new States be cursed
by the sharpers, who refuse to take a share in the
hardships of that frontier life, by which they at-
tempt to become enriched.
This bill has been talked about yesterday and
to-day; but until within a short time, we have
not heard a word upon that part of it which
gives to it its chief importance. The great feature
of the bill is contained in the fourth section. To
that section, I invite the particular attention of
this House. It proposes to grant bounty lands to
all who have been engaged since 1790 in the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities. It creates a new
class of beneficiaries for bounty land, indefinite m
number, and to an extent unestimated and un-
known.
The attempt is made to force this law to the
last stage of enactment, when no gentleman has
yet proposed to lay before us any "estimate what-
ever of the extent of land which will be appro-
priated under the operation of this law*. Does
this haste become us ? Is it necessary for the
friends of the law to deny us light, and to force a
vote without knowing themselves, or permitting
others to knotf-, anything of the amplitude of
the provisions of this law?
Let me call the attention of the House to the fate
of the proposition contained in the fourth section,
in the last Congress. It was then thoroughly
discussed, and, after mature consideration, was
condemned. It was stated during the discussion,
by a gentleman from Ohio, of great experience and
great wisdom, (Mr. Vinton,) that applications for
these gratuities of land had been before Congress
for about twenty-five years, and had always been
refused. The applications had been examined at
every Congress and condemned, first because of
want of merit in the applicants, who had been
paid for all services they had performed, and there'
fore deserved nothing, in justice; and secondly,
because the policy of our legislators had always
condemned all schemes of plundering the public
Treasury, or the public domain. Yet a law did
pass the last Congress of unparalleled amplitude,
giving lands to an immense number, which it is
now proposed to follow up, by a precipitate en-
actment ofanother la wof unestimated and unknown
capacity. If gentlemen, after examining the law,
and ascertaining what it means, and what it is to
accomplish, aoe inclined jo vote for it, so be it. I
shall not be captious, but shall conteut myself
with the opposition which one member can make,
and which my own judgment dictates.
Let me say a few words in regard to the first
section of the bill, which relates only to the making
dfland warrants assignable. We Have been in
Committee of the Whole House, and have heard
many remarks upon this section; but it has not
yet teen stated, what I now say, that some ten
days ago a bill passed this House, and is |iow be-
fore the Senate, making land warrants assignable.
This section is entirely unnecessary, and can do
nobody any good. 1 voted for the other bill, and
I have no objection to the reenactment contained
in this section, if one reason could be given for it.
I do not believe that such reduplication in the
labors of this branch of Congress is becoming, as-
suming, as it does, that the attention of the Senate
may not be attracted by doing a thing over once.
It will also lead to confusion. *
I will only say in regard to the fifth section of
the bill, which is designed to give bounty lands to
such State troops as have been recognized and paid
for by the United States, that the section does not
enlarge in the least the law of 1850, as now ad-"
ministered. Such claimants are now allowed
bounty lands, as any one may learn by inquiring
of the Commissioner of Pensions.
The second and third sections in regard to pay-
ments to assistant registers, I have not examined
with much care. As at present inclined, I inter-
pose no objection. 1 believe that all officers should
nave fair compensation for their services, and if it
be the intention of these sections to secure such a
purpose, I s^all give them my support. I consider
the fourth section of the bill creating the new class
of land warrants, as before stated, to have an
overwhelming importance, which throws all the
other sections into comparative insignificance. To
that I ha\e exclusively directed my attention,
leaving others to examine the other provisions of
the measure. { entreat gentlemen to consider the
great feature of this bill, and to consider the policy
of this extravagant appropriation of the public
domain, as well as the effect of it upon the new
States, before they give to it the sanction of their
support. Let-it go through the ordinary stages
of legislation, and be tried by those tests which
are thought necessary in laws which have not one
thousandth part of the importance of this. Under
the fourth section of the bill there is concealed a
monster, whose talons may pierce the new States,
and curse them for many years. £ cannot pre-
tend to drag him forth and destroy him. I content
myself with only pointing to the place where he
lies concealed.
I did not rise with the purpose of occupying so
much of your time. As I said at the outset, I
fear, from the indications about me, that opposition
will be fruitless, and that I must content myself
with the enactment of a bad law, by the reflection
that I opposed and voted against it. I have pointed
out some of my objections to the bill, and I close.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Tuck] has opened a dis-
cussion here as to the effect upon the new States
of the resolution now before us for consideration.
I have thought, and still thinkj that the Repre-
sentatives from the West understand her interests.
They have not been accused heretofore of any
negligence in this respect. Th-e gentleman is
very much afraid that our interests will be neg-
lected and forgotten. Well, for one, I beg leave
to say, that I think we understand the interests of
