1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the West quite as well as the gentleman from
New Hampshire. .The gentleman says that he is
opposed to certain provisions in this bill, because
they open a door to speculation. How,"sir? We'
have watched the operations of the bill as it now
exists, and how has it been? The speculatQr
who buys the land or buys the warrant without
an assignment upon the back, buys it at a far less
price than he would if he got the assignment, be-
cause he is to run the hazard of getting, the title.
The man who intends to buy him a home; and
who has only money enough to do it, is not going
to run any chance in speculation. It is only the
speculator who will do it.'
Mr. TUCK. It seems I was not fortunate
enough to make myself understood. I voted for
the law which passed a few days since, making
these land warrants assignable. The gentleman
misunderstood me." I said I am oppostd to any
proposition subjecting the public demain to entry
t>y these land warrants, for the reason that it
w.ould open all the new Territories to the specu-
lators; and to this 1 am opposed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I understood the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, I think. What
reason ist here that this Government should not give
the privilege to enter land in Minnesota as well
as m Illinois? Can the gentleman assign any good
reason? He says the effect of it is, to drive our
population from Illinois to locate in the Territo-
ries, where they will not have to meet competi-
tion from the speculator holding these land war-
rants. Has not your Government perpetrated
fraud by pretending to give the public domain to
your citizens for public services, when it only
gives them the refuse of the lands? Can the gen-
tleman assign any reason why an individual who
has his warrant from Government for land, should
not locate in Minnesota as well as in Illinois?
The gentleman says that the question was dis-
cussed in the last Congress, and that the subject
was perfectly understood. I concur with the
statement made by the gentleman from Florida,
[Mr. Cabell,] that the amendment restricting the
location of the warrants to the lands then in mar-
ket, found its way through this House covertly,
that its purpose was not avowed,nor was it under-
stood. I understand from gentlemen around me,
that it came from the Committee' of Ways and
Means in one of your appropriation bills, and
under the plea that it would have checked the
wheels of Government, unless these lands were
cut off from the soldiers. Thus it was that the
bill was passed. I think, however pertinent this
■whole discussion may be at this time, that there
is an appropriate place for the discussion of all
these questions. I want this thing disposed of,
and for the purpose of producing this result, 1
move the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY. I wish the gentleman would
withdraw his call for the previous question for a
few moments.
The call being withdrawn—
Mr. BAYLY resumed. I only desire to say a
word in reference to the remarks of my friend from
Florida, [Mr, Cabell,] and my friend from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Richardson,] in respect to the provis-
ion contained in the civil and diplomatic bill passed
at the last session of Congress. It was true that
that amendment was moved by the gentleman
from Ohio (Mr. Vinton) at that time, and that I
aided him zealously in passing it. I therefore feel
myself quite as responsible for that amendment as
the gentleman from Ohio. Thevmotives which
actuated us were these: At that time it was almost
certain that unless we husbanded the resources of
this Government very carefully, we should have to
resort to loans to carry on the Government. A
loan had been recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury,and I felt itmy duty, in the position
which I then occupied, to take every means in my
power to obviate that necessity. We desired to
confine the location of these warrants to lands
which had been already in the market, in order
that we might still continue to get some revenue
from the public lands which at that time I thought
we would want very much. I have not seen the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, arid I
- am not able, therefore, to say with any great con-
fidence whether this source of revenue, from the
public lands can now with safety he dispensed
with. By the operation of this provision, not-
withstanding the predictions that this bounty land
bill would cutoff the entire revenue from the pub-
lic lands, we were enabled in the last year to receive
from that source more than two millions of dollars..
We had another view, or at least I had, in advo-
cating the adoption of the provision to which my
friend from Florida has referred. I shall not imi-
tate the example of the gentleman from New
Hampshire-, [Mr. Tuck,] and undertake to in-
struct these Western members as to what is their
interest, because in my experience here during
five Congresses I have found that they are exceed-
ingly" smart and adroit in taking care of them-
selves.
Mr. TUCK. I wish to say to the gentleman,
that I defy him or any other member who heard
my remarks, to find one word that assumed any
position or any right to instruct members from any
part of the co,untry.
Mr. BAYLY. "If that is the case, let thematter
drop. That was the understanding of my friend
from-Illinois [Mr. Richardson] of the speech of
the gentleman from New Hampshire. It is a
small matter aay way. I had another view in
wishing to cdnfine the location of these warrants
to lands already in market. My own decided
opinion is, that it is the policy of this Government
to withdraw its proprietorship over the public
lands within the States as rapidly as it can be done
with propriety. I knew that the public lands in ■
nearly all of the States had already been surveyed
and were in the market; and I knew, also, that by
confining the location of these warrants to such
lands,it would compel the extinction,to 'he extent
of these warrants, of the Government proprietor-
ship in these cases. I did not regard it as a matter
of any hardship to these soldiers, because there
are in these States, now open to private entry, as
fine lands as there are on the face of the eartlu It
was for these reasons, and not from any disposi-
tion to do injustice to warrant holders, that I felt
it my duty, in the position 1 then occupicd, to hus-
band the resources of Government as much as I
could. In doing that, I was pleased to find that I
was at the same time carrying out this very policy
of the Government, to which I have referred—that
is, the extinction of the proprietorship of this
Government over these lands.
Mr. BISSELL. The land warrants throughout
the West might have been located in the State of
Illinois, and still there would be three millions of
acres left there now.'
Mr. BAYLY. That was the pelicy I pur-
sued.
Mr. CARTTER. I will trespass upon the time
of the House but a few moments. I hope that
the motion to engross this bill may be reconsid-
ered, for I understand by gentlemen best acquinted
with the rules of the House, that they permit an
expression of the sentiment of the House in refer-
ence to the merits of the Sill, and that they also
tolerate amendments. My objections to the bill
are not of the character that have been alluded to,
and do not obviate the objection of throwing away
the public domain. I am done with that point;
but my prayer now is, that my friend from
Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] may urge forward his
measure for the distribution of the public domain
among men who will till and occupy it. The
measure will succeed. The struggle in regard to
this bill, and every bill of a kindred character,
which has come before this body since I have had
the honor of a seat here, has been a mere scramble
among speculators to plunder the public domain.
In the pursuit of this measure, you have hunted
up all the patriots that ever shouldered a musket,
and they have even got warrants for corn-stalk
service in the States. We have exhausted this
avenue to the expenditure of the public domain;
for every man that ever heard or smelt powder, or
tlnit had a great-great-grandfather that ever did,
has been provided for as a patriot in the public
service. [Laughter.] I know that this way of
talking is a little unpopular. The army, and every-
body that ever heard of it, is canonized, and I am
aware that I run some little risk of getting into
collision with this patriotic force. Nevertheless,
no gentleman will differ with me in this, that, in
the wide range of public benevolence, in the direc-
tion of military service, they have got them all in
—corn-stalks and all.
But, sir, my objection to this bill is, that we are
exhibiting our financiering talents; we are making
an exhibition of our abundant capacity to throw
away the public domain—a domain purchased out
of tiie general Treasury, and paid for in the coats
and pantaloons of the citizens—a domain that "be-
longs, (if tax-paying constitutes any vale of judg-
ment in th'e premises,) not to the States, as s6me
have contended, or to the corn-stalk army; but'
that belongs to the individual citizens, -in right*
secured by individual taxation, and that is to be
compensated for, when it is alienated by the .'Fed-
eral Government, in the same* description of taxa-
tion. Nevertheless, it is doomed to go, and I doi
not raise my voice against its alienation, for -it
would be impotent for that purpose. -
But'to the question of financiering as connected
with this subject. We are proving ourselves
abundantly profligate in throwing away the public
domain, and not only that, but abundantly profli-
gate in drawing out of the public .Treasury money
outside of the domain, to provide for its distribu-
tion. You not only tax the citizen by his con-
tribution to the Federal Treasury, for the purchase
of this domain, but you propose by this bill to tax
him further in the process of giving it away to
patriots. What is the third section of this bill?
It says, " qfjicers, whether in or out of office." You
are not content with paying officers in office, and
with prospects for the future, but you pay men
whether in or out of office—the rest of mankind.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BISSELL. Will thegentleman from Ohio
permit me—as I may not be able to get the floor
when he shall have concluded—to say a word or
two upon that third section?
Mr. CARTTER. Well, perhaps I might if I
knew what you were going to say.
Mr. BISSELL. What I shotlld say would be
directly against what you are saying, and it would
be based upon the bill itself which you misappre-
hend entirely.
Mr. CARTTER. I may misapprehend the
bill, but it certainly reads, that "said officers,
' whether in or out of office at the time of the passage
< of this act, or their legal or personal representa-
' fives, in case of their death, shall be entitled to
' receive from the Treasury of the United States"—
not from the revenues of the public domain, not
from the fund proposed to be distributed by this
bill, but from the general revenues of the United
States.
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) I desire to make a
suggestion to the gentleman. Is he aware~that
that applies also to the Mexican bounty land war-
rants that have already been paid ?
Mr. CARTTER. Precisely so. It is a bill
in the past, present, and future tenses; providing
for the dead and the living; for men in office and
out of office. A more flagrant and profligate meas-
ure for drawing money out of the public Treasury,
it appears to me, has never been submitted to this
House. Is it not enough in all conscience to tax
the American citizen to fill your public Treasury,
and then give away the resources that have been,
purchased by his taxation, without drawing upon"
the public Treasury to provide the ways and
means by which it shall be given away? I regard-
it as an outrage upon the private rights of the citi-
zen who has not had the gratification of shoulder-
ing a corn-stalk.
Mr. MA.RSIIALL, of Kentucky. Will the
gentlemen permit me'
Mr. CARTTER. I mean no disrespect to the
officers of the late war. [Laughter.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I supposed the gentleman
had finished.
Mr. CARTTER. I will give way to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. MARSHALL. I did not rise with the in-
tention of replying to the gentleman's remarks,
but merely to say that it must, be apparent to the
House, that the course of this proceeding had
thrown the friends of a measure similar to this into
a position on which they must either have en-
grossed the bill or killed it, and it is to be hoped
that the House will now unanimously agree to the
reconsideration, and to the commitment of the bill
either to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, or to a select committee, with aview
that a bill may be brought in here upon which"
gentlemen can expend their eloquence and their
energy. I move the previous question.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cartter] yield the floor for that pur-
pose?
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman yielded
the floor absolutely.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood the
