1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
in this land uf equality, and before this Demo-
cratic House of Representatives, this kind of dis-
tinction is made between one employee and an-
other? 1 know nothing of Mr, Boyd Hamilton;
I have never seen him. If 1 were to meet him to-
day I should not know him from any other man
in Christendom. 1 care not one single solitary
farthing about him, but I do care for justice. 1
will not willingly make myself a party to a trans-
action so unjust as this. I will not say to one
man, who wields a powerful party press, We will
pay you the full amount of the bond, wink at your
short-comings, and pay you sixty thousand dol-
lars extra; and then to another, who has no press,
no power, no influence, We will crush you, be-
cause you have not lived up to the very letter of
the law.
Mr. GORMAN. I want the gentleman dis-
tinctly to avow whether he charges that as a mo-
tive operating upon the committee?
Mr. BROWN. Not at all.
Mr. GORMAN. Your words do.
Mr. BROWN. I disavow any personal appli-
cation; but this I will say: If the House of Rep-
resentatives shall perpetrate such an act of gross
injustice, it will merit, and will assuiedly receive,
the reprobation of every just man in the nation.
We hear continually that the contract system has
proved a failure. I do not think so. The con-
tract system has had no fair trial. There has
been, what seemed to me, a determination from
the beginning to bring this system into disrepute—
never to give it fair play. Powerful parties, hold-
ing the most influential positions, have engaged iu
this work. The system has operated against their
interest, aud they have labored to break it down.
Its triumph is not complete, but it has not failed.
Let us see how the system has worked so far.
Your first contractors were Wendell &, Van Ben-
thuysen. Did they execute their contract? I un-
derstand they did. I am forced to that conclusion
because there has been no suit entered upon their
bond for a failure to execute their contract. Thus
far the system worked well—at least it did not fail.
You received the work and paid font; and if it
was not well done, it was because you did not
require it to be well done. During the last Con-
gress, the then venerable editor of the Union (Mr.
Ilitchie) had the contract. Did he execute it ? I
understand he did. It is my understanding that
he executed it to the satisfaction of the Committee
on Printing and the satisfaction of Congress. I
so understand, because no suit has been instituted
upon his bond for a failure to execute the contract.
You again received the work and paid for it, and
we shall presently see that certain gentlemen pro-
posed to do a great deal more. Surely there could
have been no failure, when you not only received
the work and paid for it, but wanted to give
large extra compensation. Then Mr. A. Boyd
Hamilton has the contract for this session. The
only specification, according to my present recol-
lection, which the honorable chairman makes
against him is, that a portion of the paper is some
twelve pounds in the ream lighter than the con-
1 • ... mi.- t .c..j a,
to be placed, the plates are frequently disfigured
and destroyed in consequence of the smallaess of
the sheets.
Nor is this all. The printing which has been
sent to us, is so imperfect in consequence of de-
fects in the manner in which the press-work is
done, and defects in the quality of the ink that is
used, that there are not half a dozen sheets in any
one book that we have examined, that are perfect.
They are full from the top line to the bottom of
the page, with what piinters call technically,
"monks," and "friars," that is, here a white
place, and here a black blotch. So that the work
in every view in which it can be regarded, is in-
ferior to what was agreed for under the contract.
Mr. FLOR.ENCE. Did the gentleman submit
any of this work to the House? I understood the
chairman of the Committee on Printing [Mr.
Gorman] to say that there had been no documents
except the President's messageand accompanying
documents, given to the public printer. His com-
plaint was, that there had been 110 work done; but
now the gentleman from Kentucky, a member of •
the Committee 011 Printing, rises in his place and
says that these have been condemned. Where
are they?
Mr. POLK. I will ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, if there are not thirty or forty Ex-
ecutive documents that have been furnished to the :
printer during the last three months, and that have !
not been printed yet? j
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not know anything
at all about that, for I am not a member of the !
Committee on Printing. I attend to the business I
of the committee to which I belong, and cannot
answer the gentleman's question. ]
Mr. POLK. Then I say to the gentleman from |
Pennsylvania that he ought not to talk about .
things he knows nothing about. '
Mr. FLORENCE, i rose for the purpose of;
being informed; and if the gentleman had had his ]
ears open, he would have heard my question, and \
would not have made the remark he did. j
Mr. POLK. I am sorry I did not hear the gen- j
tleman; but it is my misfortune, if my ears are not
as long as his. [Laughter.]
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania misunderstood me, if he understood me
as Sfiying that 110 document but the President's
message had gone into the hands of the printer, j
A °:reat many documents have gone into his hands, j
but we have never seen anything of them since;
when they get there, it is the last of them. A part !
of the President's message has, however, come to
us, and it is to that that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky alludes. If you look over the pages, you
will find the "monks" and "friars," or, as I
should call them, blotches of white and then
blotches of black. They are really so insuffer-
ably bad that we could not receive them. I hope
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is satisfied. 1
will produce a copy, and hand it to him.
Mr. BROWN, (resuming.) I was proceeding
to inquire, when 1 was interrupted, whetherit was
true that the contract system had been fairly tried
tract reauires. This I find Mr.&Hamilton accounts j and had proved a failure? I had shown that there
v I 1 ■     — 1   v. r-. ^ y-. C Cr, llllt-o 1m ta tllo a tv* o  1 f a -
for in the printed paper lying upon our tables.
He says, that for a brief season during the past
winter, on account of the closing of navigation,
he was unable to get a better article of paper.
The cold weather having suspended steamboat
and railroad operations, he could not procure
transportation
was no evidence of its failure up to the commence-
ment of this session of Congress, and I had stated
that I believed there had been combinations to
break it down. If it has failed, or shall hereafter
fail, m the hands of Mr. Hamilton, is that con-
clusive that the system is wrong, and ought to be
abandoned ? That it must fail in his hands, under
Ml STANTON, of Kentucky. I wish to make H the policy that the committee propose to pursue
0.vj.i. .1 ' j i. - . •.  ~ v-, tvin. .nct oin/lfimtni-nn-
a statement, and it is this: I understand from the
chairman of the Senate committee, or rather the :
late chairman of the Senate committee, that he [
has rejected nearly all the work sent to the Senate !
by the printer, and rejected it not solely for the I
reason that the paper was of an inferior article, 1
but because the whole committee concurred in the |
idea thai a great fraud had been practiced upon ;
the Government if this paper should be received as
the quality of paper which he has now furnished,
it being one fifth less in value, than what he was
required to furnish.
But there is another defect in the paper, to which
the chairman of the House committee, and of the
Senate committee, I understand, objected- and it is
this; that the sheets of paper upon which the print-
ing is done, are too small; that they hav.e too little
towards him, is to my mind themost evident prop-
osition on earth. If the committee suspends a job
when it is half completed, takes other jobs from him
entirely, and makes large deductions from time to
time on the work which lie has executed, who
does not see that the man's credit must be broken
down ! If he was worth a quarter of a million of
dollars, he could not execute the contract under
such a policy as this.
But I do not mean to dwell upon this branch ot
the subject. I have said that, in my judgment,
the system has not proved a failure. If it has
failed at all at any time, or in any mail s hands,
it is because you have not given it a fair trial.
Mr. FREEMAN, (interrupting.) I did not
understand the chairman of the committee to say
that the contract had been abrogated, but only
-j«  r -nsriren SJ arts sxussssi
toSt s w*s .r, i, r. ..„y  .. ■ j. —  • •   -
attack upon the contract system, but only upon
the manner in which this party has acted under
his contract. Is not that the fact?
Mr. GORMAN. It is. ■ •
Mr. BROWN. If the committee take the print-
ing from this man and hand it over to others, or
if they refuse to deliver it over to him, what is it
but an abandonment of the contract? Is not that
a breaking up of the contract? Does not every
man see that the result of this action on the part
of the committee must be that the whole of the
House printing will go to Donelson & Armstrong,
and the whole of the Senate printing to Gideon <&.
Co. ? Mr. Boyd Hamilton will be left at the end
of three weeks from to-day with not a penny's
worth of work 011 hand. It is useless to say
what the committee mean to do, or what is meant
by this proceeding. The question is, what does
their action inevitably lead to? If the work is
taken from Hamilton by the committee, and their
action is sanctioned by the House, there is an end
of his contract; and with it we ail see that the
whole contract system will end. It cannot be oth-
erwise.
The committee has notified us that they have
ceased to send the work to Hamilton, and have
made arrangements with other parties to do it. Is
it not ridiculous, then, to say that they have not
abrogated the contract? They have, to all intents
and purposes, abrogated one contract and made
another. It is stultifying ourselves to pretend that
it is otherwise.
My reason for introducing a resolution in refer-
ence to this subject was this—and I had no other
purpose to subserve—I wanted to arrest what I
thought a dangerous proceeding. I knew the
committee were acting without having made a re-
port to the House. I did not pause to inquire
whether they had authority to do all that they
proposed. 1 looked only to the effect which their
action was certain ta pioduce. Mr. Hamilton
says he ha3 made an outlay of $50,000 in prepar-
ing himself to execute the printing of Congress.
It is proposed summarily to take the contract from
him—and by whom and in what manner, pray?
N ot by Congress—not by a committee of Con-
gress, but by three members of the House and
one member of the Senate; for, bear you in mind,
this is not the act of a full committee. And this
fragment of a committee are doing this without con-
sulting Congress, aud without reporting its pro-
ceedings. Now, let Congress sanction this act of
the committee, and think you, sir, that this man
will not come here at the next Congress and ask
indemnity for his losses on this outlay ? No man
will question that. And what do you suppose he
will prove? If heis half as smartm making proof
as others have been, he will prove that he was ex-
ecuting the work as well as it had ever been done;
that he was delivering it as fast as it had ever been
delivered; that his contract was rudely and summa-
rily snatched from him, his business broken up, his
credit destroyed, and himself ruined. And instead
of your getting the penalty of the bonds, he will pre-
sent a claim for some $100,000 or more against you.
Then, if a committee is appointed, as there will
he, to investigate the subject, what evidence will
there be on the record to show that you were just-
ified in this proceeding? Take the con tract fjrom
Mr. Hamilton, under these circumstances, if you
will; but I ask you to leave upon the record the
evidence which shall justify your action to those
who are to come after you, and who will be
charged with an investigation of Hamilton's
claims. Do not go out of this contract and leave
no trace behind to mark your exit. Before you
sanction the acts of this committee, demand a re-
port, a full report, one that will justify you before
another Congress 111 dismissing Hamilton from
his contract—for rest assured he will present his
claim from year to year, and send it down to his
children after him, from generation to generation.
It will be presented time and again, until, finally,
Congress will be brought to pass it. It is this re-
sult against which [ now raise my warning voice.
If there is anything to justify this step on the
part of Congress, let the committee report it. Let
the House take the responsibility. Let us know
where we stand. Let those who are to comeafter
us have something with which to meet Mr. Ham-
ilton, when he comes here by himself, or through
his attorney or successors, to make a demand tor
damages on account of the breaking up of his con-
tract .
