m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOB®.
Dec. 23,
gentleman from Olio as merely yielding for an
explanation.
Mr. CARTTER. Certainly. I only yielded
for an explanation, and I wish now to state a fact.
Mr. MARSHALL. I declined to take the
floor for the purpose of explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
know of the gentl eman from Ohio, whether he had
yielded the floor finally, or merely for explanation ?
Mr. CARTTER. Only for explanation.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, I declined at the
time to accept it for that purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CARTTER. I will yield the floor finally
in a moment, but'not by calling the previous ques-
tion. The fact tluit I was about statins; at the
time my friend from Kentucky rose, was this, that
every one of these warrants costs thepublic Treas-
ury two dollars. Now I want this measure
opened up. If we dispose of this public domain,
let us do it intelligently and responsibly, and not
under the ga^ of the previous question, or by
force of the drill, taking hold upon combinations
here. Give us an open sea, and a fair sail upon
this question, and I apprehend that a portion of
this bill at any rate will be obliterated.
Mr. JONES of Tennessee. It is very evident,
I think, from the vote of this House refusing to
lay upon the table the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed,
that the bill is not now in a form that meets the
wishes and views of a majority of the House.
While there is a decided majority of the House
for the main and principal feature of this bill,
there is also, I think, a majority against the bill as
it now stands.
In the first place, the first section of this bill is
perhaps wholly and entirely unnecessary, because
this House has, upon a former day of the present
session, passed a provision to effect exactly the
same purpose that this section is intended to ac-
complish.
The next section, which provides for giving
fees and augmented fees to the receivers and regis-
ters Af the land office who shall locate the land
warrants, is not in a form that suits myself, and
I think very many of us, if not a majority of this
House.
I must say that I do not understand the full
bearing of that section. If it shall pass into a law,
I suppose it is to give to these officers the same
fees to which they would have been entitled if the
land hail been enterSd and paid for as provided for
in this section; and not only this, but, if I under-
stand it, it does more—it authorises the registers
and receivers to receive similar fees for the land
warrants they have heretofore located under the
law granting bounty lands to the soldiers in the
Mexican war. Bnt. this section makes a distinc-
tion between the soldiers who are the beneficiaries
of the Government under the acts of Congress
granting bounty lands. It provides that the sol-
dier shall locate the land himself, and that the
Government shall then take the responsibility of
paying the register and receiver for locating them.
I ask you how does the soldier who paid it in
the first instance to the receiver of the land office
get it back from that officer? This bill provides
in the first instance, that everybody shall make
payment to the register and receiver the fees for
locating the warrants, and that when ho comes to
settle with the Treasury Department there shall
be refunde.d to him from the Treasury of the
United States as much as he has received from
the man himself. It provides that—
"The registers rind receivctwof the United State* land
office* shall hereafter be severally authorized to eharire and
receive fov their services in locating bounty land wnriants,
the ?amfi rate of compensation or percentage to which they
are entitled by Jaw for tales of the public lands for cash, at
the rate of one Hollar and twenty five cent* per acie, the
said compensation to lie hereafter paid by the assignee*! or
holdeis of Mich warrant?, in all capes where the same have
been transferred by the soldier or his legal or personal rep-
resentative, under the provisions of the nets of Congress,
and the regulations of the Gcneial Land Office on that sub-
ject, and to be paid out ot the Treasury of the United States,
upon the adjustment of the accounts of sueh officers, where
it shall be «hown to the satisfaction of the General Land
Office thatthe same wa«s located by tffe soldier or warrantee,
or in case of his death by his. next of kin, as provided by the
acts of Congress a'oresaid."
Mr. BISSELL. Will the gentleman allow me
for a moment?
Mr. JONES. Certainly.
Mr. BISSELL. By the terms of this resolution
it is not contemplated that the soldier himself, in
locating the warrants-shall pay anything to the
register and receiver for said location. > The Gov-
ernment itself is to allow compensation to the
register and receiver, when the soldier has not
transferred the warrant; but when tiie soldier has
made a transfer, the assignee who made the pur-
chase is required to pay the compensation to the
register and receiver.
Mr. JONES. Siill you authorize the soldier to
transfer his warrant, and you charge the assignee
the price of the fees which you authorize the reg-
ister of the land office to receive for making the
location. When the man conies to buy the war-
rant from the soldier, it will reduce the value ex-
actly to the amount which, he is to pay to the
receiver of the land ^office. Then this section
makes an appropriation out of the Treasury; and
by our rules the bill should be consideredin Com-
mitter of the Whole on the stole of the Union,
where this section has not been considered." To
the next section, which provides for extending: the
benefits of the act approved September 28th, 1850,
to other persons, I have no objection; but it will
not suffer from undergoing an investigation by the
committee tt) which it will be referred, and who
will report it back in an intelligible form which
will bear the test of scrutiny.
I desire to make a few remarks upon another
subject which has been introduced here; that is,
the proviso which was incorporated into the civil
and diplomatic bill the last session prohibiting the
location of bounty Ifind warrants upon any lands
<>ther than those which had been surveyed and
brought into market. I think the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] will find he is mistaken
when he says that this provision was incorporated
into the civil and diplomatic bill under the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Treasury that
it would be necessary to make a loan. My recol-
lection, is that the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury for a loan was in the first session
of the last Congress. This proviso, restricting
the location of these bounty land warrants, was
passed upon the last day of the last session of
the last Congress, when it had been ascertained
that the revenues of the country would exceed even
the wasteful and extravagant and piodigal esti-
mates and demands of the Administration, sus-
tained and backed by the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, (interrupting.) I
only wish to set the gentleman from Tennessee
right as to the matter of fact in relation to this
loin. Does not my friend recollect that he and I
had three or four discussions during the last ses-
sion of Congress, in which he undertook to show
that the bills we had repotted largely exceeded the
revenues of the country?
Mr. .TON"ES. That was the first session.
Mr. BAYLY. At the second, too.
Mr. JONES, (resuming.) Then how did this
proposition get into the civil and diplomatic hill?
They cannot say 1 did it. The first move which
was made was to refuse to make any appropria-
tion for the further survey of the public lands and
to provide for their being brought into market sub-
ject to being located upon by these warrants. The
Department said that they must have money to
survey the lands, and it was decided to put it into
the bill, at the instance of Mr. Vinton, whose
name has been mentioned in connection with this
subject; but when the appropriation was put in, it
was accompanied by a proviso to prevent the loca-
tion of warrants upon such lands as should here-
after be surveyed. When it came into the House
that proviso was stricken out of the bill by an
overwhelming majority, so large that those who
advocated it had no show at all upon the question.
Mr. Vinton was, from the beginning, uncompro-
misingly opposed to the passage of the bounty
land law, and threw all the obstacles in his power
in its way. If I mistake not, my friend from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] voted against that law when
it was before the House.
Mr. BAYLY. I must say that my friend from
Tennessee does not exhibit his usual accuracy to-
day. I voted for it.
Mr. JONES. I recollect that the gentleman
said in a speech that he did not want his constitu-
ents to get these lands and remove from his State.
Mr. TAYLOR. Will thegentleman from Ten-
nessee permit me to ask him if this proviso did
not come from the Senate, as an amendment?
Mr, JONES. That is' Just what I am coming
to. When it had been stricken out in the House,
the bill went to the Senate, and it was understood
that Mr. Vinton followed it there and got the pro-
viso incorporated. It came back to the House,
and a committee of conference was appointed upon
the bill,'and thai committee, L believe, with'my
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] and Mr. Vin-
ton both, on it, on the part of the House, reported
it back here, when the clock wanted but five, ten,
or, at most, fifteen minutes to twelve o'clock, the
4th of March, 1851. I then called for a vote upon
it. I wished to defeat the proviso; and I would
have defeated the appropriation bill sooner than to
have seen it passed the House with the proviso in
it. The committee had not time to meet again,
and "unless the House concurred in the report the
bill would be lost. In that state of feeling, and at
that period of the session, passed the proviso, after
three fourths of the members had voted against it.
I hope this bill will be referred either to a select
committee or to the Committee on the Judiciary,
or to some other committee, which will take the
subject into consideration and make the bill such
as it should be and such as shall meet the wishes
of a majority of this House, and which, at all
events, shall provide for the repeal of that proviso
in the civil and diplomatic bill of the last session.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. CLARK asked that the previous question
might be withdrawn for a moment. *
[Cries of " Too late I"]
The SPEAKER said no remarks could be made
after the previous question had been seconded.
The question was now upon reconsideiing the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time.
The question was then put, and carried in the
affirmative.
So the House agreed to reconsider; and the
question again recurring upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time— *
Mr. DUNHAM moved to refer the bill to a
select committee of five.
The question was put, and the motion to refer
was agreed to.
Mr. DUNHAM moved to reconsider the vot©
just taken, and to lay that motion upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
CUBAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, asked that by unani-
mous^onsent the Chair he permitted to lay before1
the H ouse the several Executive communications
upon the Speaker's table. One of these was of a '
most important character, and should be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. There
being no objection,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the President of the
United States, viz:
To the lloinc of Rc]rrcscntativci :
I tiausinit to the House of Representatives a report from
the Secietaiy of State in answer to the first part of a reso-
lution of the 1,5th December, 1851; and also a report from
the Secretary of the Navy, in answer to the remaining part
of the same resolution.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Wa shingtoh, 23'? December, 1851.
[The first part of the resolution of^xhe House referred to
in the above, called upon the State Department for any in-
formation in its possession in regard to the conclusion of a
treaty between Spain, France, and Great Rritam in relation
to the Island of Cuba, and the nature of such treaty. The
Department informs the House that it has no knowledge of
the conclusion of any such tieatv, and that thcie is good-
reason to suppose that no such tieaty has been entered into,
although there is no official information upon the subject.
The second branch of the resolution called upon the Navy
Oepaitinent for information in regard to the relative strength
of the Biitifh, Fieneh, and the United State? squadrons in
the West Endia seas, and whether additional appropriations
are noocs-<ary to increase the force of the United States oj*
that station. In response to the above, the Secretary of the
Navy reports that the United States have m those seas hut
five vessels, carrying sixty-five guns in the aggregate ; that
the British squadron consists of twenty-one vessels, carry-
ing in the aggregate six hundred and thirty-two guns ; and
that the force of the French is deemed to be equal to that
of the English. lie also states that additional appropria-
tions are necessary if the United States squadion be in-
creased, unless the vessels be drawn from other stations.]
Mr. BAYLY moved that the communication
and accompanying documents be referred to the
Committee 011 Foreign Affairs,and be printed;
which motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER" also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting, in compliance with the 20th section
