1928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
us in the proportion of six to fifteen hundred.
The just share of the State in an appropriation of
$1,300,00ft, is #28,000, instead of 46,000, and the
amendment, if adopted, will still fail to do us jus-
tice.
The harbors of Bridgeport and Norwalk were
presented to the consideration of the Committee j
on Commerce, accompanied with careful surveys ;
and estimates, and with favorable reports, from the
Topographical Bureau; and the improvements are . .
vastly more national than most of the objects em- l word is intimated about budding or improving
braced in the bill. The committee having rejected ! [ harbors or rivers; nor do the terms of the Consti-
buying and selling, or the interchange of commodities ? Or
does it comprehend navigation and intercotirsel>y
* * * * * * * *
" Commerce, undoubtedly, is traffic; but it is something
more. It is intercourse. It describes the commeicial in-
tercourse between nations and parts of nations in all its
branches; and is regulated by prescribing rules for carry-
ing on that intercourse
Here is the law and the commentary. Not a
word is said about appropriating money for im-
provements, either external or internal. Not a
the applications, my only remedy is now by this j
appeal to the House. :
Both Bridgeport and Norwalk are important and <
growing places, with a rapidly-increasing trade, j
foreign and domestic. Important railroads ter- i
minate at both their harbors, one of which, at !
Norwalk, has been completed within the last year, j
In reply to my complaint, that by this bill Con- j
necticut fails to receive her fair proportion, 1 was ;
told by my friend, the honorable chairman of the ,
committee, that Bridgeport may receive something ■
under a general appropriation, included in the bill j
for contingencies upon the Atlantic coast. But ,
the interest of Bridgeport in that fund is too small ;
and too contingent to be of any account.
If the amendment which 1 have proposed be
ndopted, one serious objection to the bill will be :
removed. It will, indeed, still bean omnibus bill, j
and will embrace many improvements which strike
me as being rather local than national. But the bill
by this amendment, and a few others of like char-
acter, will be rendered more just and equal than it '
now is. But if this amendment shall be rejected, •
one method of rendering the bill national is still ;
open—that is, to strike out all the appropriations t
that are merely local, and thereby essentially re- j
duce the total amount of the appropriations In j
this way, perhaps, the bill can be rendered accept-
able by confining it to those important objects 1
which cannot be effected by State authority, and
which must either be wholly neglected and aban
tution admit of any such construction
The whole power granted is " to regulate com-
merce with foreign nations, and among the sev-
eral States, and with the Indian tribesNow, if
we can improve rivers and harbors within " the
several Statesunder this grant of power, we can
also improve rivers and harbors within the juris-
diction of " foreign nations." The power to regu-
late commerce with foreign nations is as broad as
the power to regulate commerce among the several
States. They are identically the same; and is any
man so crazy as to admit the power to build har-
bors and improve rivers and harbors throughout
Europe, Asia, and Africa, or thatsuch power was
intended to he given to Congress? Again, the
power to regulate commerce with the " Indian
tribes " is identically the same as that to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and among the sev-
eral States; yet it is well known that the Indian
tribes of the United States have no rivers or har-
bors to improve; they have never engaged in nav-
igation at all. We have always denied them any
title either to land or water. We have treated
them as mere tenants at will, with the right to
hunt and fish until we choose to drive them away
by force, or coax them away by small donations
of gewgaws and money. i1
[f, then, it be impossible, under this clause of
the Constitution, to improve rivers and harbors, ;;
either " with the Indian tribes," or in " foreign |
nations," it is equally out of our power to do the n
doned, or be prosecuted by the General Govern- | same thing within the several States of this Union
Y1 L .   ' .I 1 .1   i *   1 1} . - . .. i- M„1A liM it trt o f thi
merit. For such appropriations 1 desire to cast my
vote. It is of no importance whether the money
is to be expended on the Atlantic or Pacific,on the
Lakes or on the Gulf of Mexico. My interest in
such appropriations is not local nor sectional, but
is American. Ft belongs to me as n citizen of the
United States, and not as a citizen of any partic-
ular State. But if the hill remains unmodified,
and I am compelled to vote upon it as it now stands,
although it contains several appropriations winch
I would gladly vote for, yet, as a whole, my vote
must be against it. If the harbors of Connecti-
cut are excluded, and other harbors, of no g) eater
claims or merits, are provided for, I shall be want-
ing to my duty as an humble representative of my
constituents if I should fail to protest and vote
against the measure.
'Mr. FREEMAN, Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Connecticut. This bill is entitled " A bill making
appropriations for the improvement of certain har-
bors and rivers." A large amount of the appro-
priations are for works entirely within ihejuris-
dictions of the several Suites, and over whicn the
State governments have exclusive jurisdiction. It
is, therefore, a hill establishing a sy.siem of inter-
nal improvement within the State-* of this Union,
and that, too, without the consent of either of !..ud
States. We were told the other day by a mem-
ber of theCommitteeoa Commerce, [Mr. Walsh,]
that the committee reported this bill under the
constitutional power of Congress to " regulate
commerce;" and yet, strange to say, there is not
a single regulation of commerce in ihe whole bill.
Not one, sir. The Secretary of War is aimed
with the arbitrary power of expending nearly a
mtllhn and a half of dollars on seventy-three spcrjlcd
works. Not a word is said about commerce or
navigation—not a single u regulation** prescribed.
What is meant by the constitutional power to
''regulate commerce?" In order to b: exact, I
will read from Story on the Constitution, vjI. 2,
see. 1061:
" In the first place, then, wnatisthe contmunonai ujjan-
inq of the words to 4 regulate commerce?'' for th* C «nsti-
tiv/n being one (as has been aptly said) of enumeration, and
not of definition % it becomes necessary, in order to ascer-
tain the extent of the power, to ascertain the meaning of the
By what rule of interpretation is it that the
word commerce " is construed by the learned
Committee on Commerce to mean both rivers and
harbors 5 We have always been taught that a
river was a large stream of water flowing in a chan-
nel; that a harbor, in the commercial sense, was a
port, or haven, for ships; a bay, or inlet of the sea,
m which ships can moor and be sheltered from
the fury of the winds and a heavy sea; any navi-
gable water, where ships can ride in safety; that
commerce was a mutual change of goods, wares,
productions, or property of any kind, between na-
tions or individuals, either by barter or by pur-
chase and sale; trade; traffic. The words are to-
tally dissimilar in meaning; and yet, the committee
tell us they all mean the same thing; in short, that
the commerce of the present day is the philosopher's
stone of a past age.
The legal rule for the interpretation of words ,
is, that tliey shall be taken in their ordinary im- |
port—as they are generally received in the com- j
munity where the law was made and is to operate. '
By this rule we have seen that commerce means;
one tiling, rivers another, and harbors a third: yet I
the committee toll us to improve rivex*s and bar- '!
bors js to regulate commerce among the States. i
The world have generally supposed that com- ■
merce was one thing, and the means or mode of j
carrying on commerce was another: they have |
generally supposed that rivers and harbors, j
wagon roads, and railroads, were public highways, j
over which commerce was conducted, and its
transmission regulated—that these agents were i
merely instruments in the hands ofthe " common 1
carriers " of the country who transport the articles !
of commerce. If this is all a mistake, and rivers
and harbors are in fact a part of commerce itself, '
then wagon roads and railroads, with all their ,
paraphernalia, are also parts of commerce, and we j
can build wagon roads and railroads, road wagons, ;
railroad cars, and steamboats, under the power of;
regulating commerce. They are all a part of the i
same system. In fact, railroads are fast suoer- !
seding rivers and harbors in the carrying trade—
they carry with more rapidity and more safety,
and are, therefore, better inland instruments of
commerce. Why, then, have the committee neg-
tainweexieniujiuept>wei,iu scwtaininemeanmgoime j f i th- ?1]j imnnrtant hraneh of on msrop?
words*. The power ih to regulate; that is, to prescribe the : j an important orancn oi co.-merce.
rule by which commerce is to he go remed. The subject to
be regulated is commerce. Is that limited to tiaffte. to
Why are no appropriations made for wagoi roads
and railroads3 We need such roads in M ssis-
sippi and Louisiana, and a million and a half of
dollars would help the railroad commerce very
much indeed. We have now eleven thousand
miles of railroads engaged in commerce. The
committee might easily have appropriated as much
per mile to the railroads as they have per mile to
the navigable rivers. Why not make the appro-
priations uniform ? Why protect one branch of
commerce and totally neglect the other ? Sir, this
forced and unnatural interpretation of the Consti-
tution would enable Congress, with equal pro-
priety, to engage in all the branches of commerce,
to the exclusion of the people of the States. It is
admitted, that where Congress has jurisdiction,
that jurisdiction is exclusive of all others. If the
construction of harbors and the improvement of
rivers be regulations of commerce, to build steam-
boats, steamships, and sail vessels, are still more
legitimate regulations, and then to engage in the
carrying trade follows as a natural result of the
other assumptions of power. Thus, under a mere
power to prescribe uniform rules for conducting
our foreign and domestic commerce, Congress be-
comes an absolute despotism, monopolizing the
entire commerce of the country, foreign and domes-
tic, and driving all competitors from our waters.
A conclusion so monstrous, so utterly at war
with all the principles of our confederated Repub-
lic, should cover with shame and confusion the
advocates of such a construction of plain language
which conveys but a single meaning.
Again, sir, if to improve the highways over
which commercc is transported be to regulate
commerce, as the committee contend, then nil the
overseers of roads and road-makers, and all the
Irish and German emigrants laboring on the rail-
roads of the United States are actively engaged in
"regulating commerce among the States.55 They
are doing that which the Constitution has con-
tided alone to Congress. Their acts are therefore
unconstitutional and void, and the Committee on
Commerce should sally out and work the roads
themselves by way of executing their constitu-
tional power to regulate commerce.
But, sir, if to improve harbors be to regulate
commerce in the United States, this bill violates
the Constitution in another particular. Several of
the ports of the United Stales are noc included in
the bill, and the Constitution declares that " No
'preference shall be given by any regulation of
' commerce to the ports of one State over those of
'another." This bill gives a preference to the
ports of New York over the ports of several other
States.
This clause of the Constitution should satisfy
the committee that they are wrong- in the interpre-
tation they have given to the power to regulate
commerce. It is wholly impossible to improve
all the ports of the United States alike. Some
require large expenditures of money, while others
are perfect by nature and require none at all. But
if the regulation of commerce be simply to pre-
scribe rules by which commerce and navigation is
to be conducted, one set of rules will apply to all
the ports in the Union; and hence nopjeferenct
would be given to any port by such regulations;
and such is clearly the intent of the firimers of
the Constitution.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. WARD offered the fo^owiu^nsiinMnend-
ment to the amendment-
For the improvement of the n.ivj^auon of die C umbei land
river. $50,000.
Mr. W. said: Mr. Chairman, I do not design
to make many observations with reference to the
propriety of this amendment. 1 do not doubt the
power of Congress to make these appropriations,
and not only that, but I believe it is the absolute
duty of Congress so to do. The stream to which
I propose this appropriation is one of innr* mag-
nitude than is ordinarily attributed to it. It is one
of those streams that are by the ordinance of 1787,
and by the Constitution, taken peculiarly under
the control of Congress uself It is a stream that
the Stales have no jurisdiction over, because it is
navigable to all the States of the Union. It is a
stream upon the bosom of which floats an annua*
trade of from five to ten millions of dollars—em-
bracing a trade through the better part of Ken-
tucky and the better part of Tennessee, The
national character of this stream was demonstrated
by an appropriation made in 1832, during General
Jackson's administration, and also by appropria-
