1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1929
tions made in 1834-55-56-'7 and '8. After that,
from some cause unknown to me, no appropria-
tion has been made for that stream. It is a na-
tional stream, and one in which my State and the
district which I represent, are particularly inter-
ested.
I do hope that if we are going to exercise that
power which Congress has all along exercised, of
improving the highways and rivers of our country,
that a portion of that power should be exercised
for the benefit of this improvement. The amount
is not more than the magnitude of the interests in-
volved in the trade of that river demand. And
why was it left out? I do not mean to say that
the committee have done wrong in leaving it out,
but that stream is entitled to the fostering care of
this Government, and I hope and trust that those
of this committee who are disposed to exercise
that care over our streams, will exercise it, and
extend it over that stream which my constituents
are particularly interested in. I do not see why
it is that this Government, so anxious to extend
its power for the purpose of protecting its exter-
nal commerce, is not as anxious to extend the
same posver for the protection and extension of
its internal commerce. Have we the power to
expend from nine to sixteen million dollars annu-
ally to protect our commerce with foreign nations,
and have it not to protect that commerce in which
our citizens only are concerned ? That is not my
construction of the powers of the Government.
If you do exercise this power, as you annually
do, for the protection of our foreign commerce,
how much greater is the necessity for its exercise
for the protection of our internal commerce? We
are then promoting our own interests exclusively;
while in protecting our foreign commerce, we are
protecting the interests of foreigners, as well as
our own.
Mr. ROBINSON. I regret exceedingly that I
have been so indisposed for several days past as to
have been prevented from participating in this de-
bate. It was my intention, if I had been in my
seat when the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce reported this bill, to have ob-
jected to its introduction. The committee will
recollect that gentleman and myself had some con-
flict at the commencement of the session as to the
respective jurisdictions of our committees—the
Committees on Commerce and Roads and Canals
—over the subject of rivers and harbors. They
will also recollect that the House took several votes,
and decided, by some thirty majority, that the Com-
mittee on Commerce had no jurisdiction over the
rivers. Yet in defiance of that vote that committee
have seen proper to report here a bill embracing
all the rivers, after the Committee on Roads and
Canals, of which I am a member, had submitted
separate appropriations for each of the rivers.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to in-
terrupt the eentleman.
Mr. ROBINSON. T cannot yield.
Mr. SEYMOUR. But I wish to correct what
I believe to be a misapprehension of the action of
the House. I do not understand that any such
vote has been taken.
Mr. ROBINSON. There was more than one
vote taken upon the subject.
Mr. KING, of New York. I rise to a point of
order. The gentlemen cannot discuss this ques-
tion upon the amendment which has been offered
to the bill.
Mr. ROBINSON. I am opposed both to the
amendment and the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes the
major proposition contains the minor, and declines
to rule the gentleman out of order.
Mr. ROBINSON. I intend to vote against the
amendment and against the bill, and 1 am giving
reasons why I shall give those votes. I am op-
posed to omnibus bills of whatever character or
however you may get them up. I am opposed to
congregating together a mass of appropriations.
There are appropriations in this bill for which I
would vote had I the opportunity, but I wish to
place myself upon the record by stating to this
committee, and through them to the country, that
very early in the session, I introduced, from the
Committee on Roads and Canals, bills which
were placed upon the Calendar, for the improve-
ment of the Arkansas river, the Ohio above the
falls, the Mississippi, and a bill for the improvement
of Rock Island rapids, referred to by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Campbell.] They are
upon the Calendar, and very much in advance of the
bill introduced by the gentleman from New York.
They oughtto have been taken up in their order, and
passed according to their merits. But instead of
that, the House has seen fit to overslaugh these bills
entirely. The Committee on Commerce has seen
proper to assert its jurisdiction and take these
matters into its own hands. I hope not only upon
this account, but on account of the public interest,
this bill will be defeated, as the last one was the last
session of Congress. 1 consider it no better than that
of the last session—not a whit better. When gen-
tlemen remarked to me that they had taken up our
western bill, I had some curiosity to know what that
" western bill" was, and I found it was the river
and harbor bill. Now, if gentlemen will look into
this bill, they will find that instead of being a
western bill, it is a northeastern, Atlantic, and
northern lake bill. ThegreatWest have very little
share in it. Sir, I call the attention of this com-
mittee to the fact, that the great West had no rep-
resentative on the committee which framed this
bill.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. What does the
gentleman mean by the great West? Where is
the geographical distinction ? I should like to know
the boundaries ?
Mr. ROBINSON. I mean the Mississippi val-
ley. There is very little of the great Mississippi
valley interested in this bill. It is a partial bill.
Mr. PULLER. It gets $400,000.
Mr. ROBINSON. The bill, it is true, appro-
priates $260,000 to the Mississippi river and its
tributaries, but itdoesnot provide how much shall
be expended upon any one river. If it passes, the
War Department may send out an engineer who
may appropriate every dollar upon a single mile
upon one of its tributaries, or upon the main branch.
He can do with it what he pleases, either to ex-
pend it all m building a wing dam or m changing
the channel in a single place. I think much the
most sensible plan is, as indicated in my bill, to
build boats for pulling snags out of the natural
channel. If 1 had time to enter into the merits
of this bill, I could show that it was susceptible
of greater and more con upt abuses than any other
bill that can find its way through Congress.
There is no sort of restraint upon the Government
officers.
Mr. FULLER. Is not the same power given
with reference to the Atlantic appropriations >
Mr. ROBINSON. I will not argue that ques-
tion. It is wrong in reference to the Atlantic ap-
propriations, as well as the others, to give the
money into the hands of the Government officers
without any check whatever—without telling them
how it is to be expended, or where the appropri-
ation is to be made.
Mr. WARD demanded tellers upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, but they were not oi-
dered.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. FUEEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment of the jjentkman from
Alabama. In my former remarks of this morning
I disputed the power of Congress to ma lee internal
improvements under the power to " regulate com-
merce," but I do not deny the power of Cong] ess,
under other grants of the Constitution, to improve
such riveis and harbors as are strictly national
highways, and tint exclusively tcilh'm the jurisdiction
of a State, Congress may regulate the commerce
of rivers within the jurisdiction of a State, but
cannot interfere with the right of a State to con-
struct improvement«? by removing obstructions,
erecting wharves, locks, dams, or even tinning
the channels of rivers. A State may levy to lis
on vessels navigating such improved rivers or har-
bors; but the Constitution expressly forbids any
State to levy any duty of tonnage, or any impost
or duties on imports or exports, except what may
he absolutely necessary for executing its inspec-
tion laws, and even such duties are for the use of
the United States, and subject to the revision of
Congress. The.se and the like regulations of com-
merce are reserved exclusively to Congress, and
lend additional force to the conclusion that the
improvement of rivens and harbors arc )ioi regula-
tions of commerce.
All oceans, bays, srulfa, harbors, rivers, and
lakes not entirely within the territorial jurisdiction
of a State are national highways, and liable to be
improved by authority of Congress No State
can assume the power to improve such waters,
because they are the common property of all the
States. They cannot be improved by a combina-
tion of States, because the Constitution declare*
that " no State shall, without the consent of Con-
gress, enter into any agreement or compact with
another State."
The Mississippi river is an illustration of this
principle. It has its source near the boundary be-
tween the United States and the British posses-
sions; it passes through the commercial as well as
the geographical heart of the Union, and finally
empties into the Gulf of Mexico. Bordering on
the west bank of the river are the States of Loui-
siana, Arkansas,Missouri, Iowa,and theTerritory
of M-nnesota; on the east bank are Wisconsin,
Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Mississippi—
making two continuous tiers of States, spanning
the entire Union from British America to the Gulf
of Mexico. All the great rivers that flow from
the Rocky Mountains, through Nebraska, the In-
dian Territory, and upper Texas—the Missouri,
the Platte, the Arkansas, the Canadian, and the Red
rivers, with their numerous navigable branches—
empty into the Mississippi. On the east side are
several rivers in Wisconsin and Illinois, the Ohio
and its tributaries, including the Cumberland and
Tennessee rivers, and minor streams from the
State of Mississippi—making fifteen States and
Territories in the richest and most productive
portion of the habitable globe, whose commerce
naturally flows into the channel of the Mississippi
river. If such a river be not a national highway
for the United States, then the Atlantic ocean is
not. The bouler of the Atlantic coast, from the
State of Mississippi to the British line, has Ala-
bama, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, North
Carolina, Virginia,Maryland,Delaware, New Jer-
sey, New York, Connecticut, Massachusetts,New
Hampshire, and Maine—being fourteen States.
Add Pennsylvania and Vermont, which are not
immediately on the coast, and there would be
sixteen States. But the western part of Pennsyl-
vania has a large commerce on the Ohio, and thence
down the Mississippi river. So that the commerce
of the Mississippi river arises from as many States
and Territories as border the Atlantic coast from
Maine to the Mississippi line, thereby making the
Mississippi river as much a national highway for
all the purposes of commerce and national dtiensu
as the Atlantic ocean itself. No single State has
the soie right to improve this river. The Consti-
tution forbids all the States from making compacts
or agreements with one another, and therefore the
Mississippi cannot be improved by a combination
of a part or all of the fifteen States and Territories
immediately interested in its navigation.
The same is the case with regard to the great
lakes and connecting rivers that separate us from
British America. Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana,
Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New York,
all border upon this chain of inland seas. No
single State can claim their exclusive jurisdiction.
If, then, no single State can improve these waters,
and no combination of States can be made for that
purpose, it follows, as an irresistible conclusion,
that the power rests in the United States. But,
independentof thisargument, there are other grants
in the Constitution which throw upon the Federal
Government the onus of improving the navigation
of the class of waters named.
Congress is authorized " to lay and collect tax-
' es duties, imposts, and excises, pay the debts
1 and provide for the common defa**e and general
* iceffx'e of the United States." " To provide and
niui'tain a Navy." "To raise and suppor*
arm«es." "To provide for calling forth th<-
rmiitia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrecfions, and repel invasions." "To estab-
tablish post roads," and under the war power,
military roads.
"The United States shall guaranty to every
4 State in this Union, a republican form of govern-
i ment, and shall protect each of them against inva-
* siov; and on applicatir n of the Legislature, or
' the Executive, (when the Legislature cannot be
- convened,) against domestic violence;" and "may
' make all laws which shall be necessary and
* proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
f powers, and all other powers vested by this Con-
1 stitution m the Government of the United States,
' or m any department or officer thereof."
Under the power to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imoosts, &c , the policy of the Government ha?
