1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10fi7
Almost unassisted,-th's people, energetic and in-
telligent, extended their system of canals, making,
among others, a second canal from the river to the
lake; covexed the surface of the State with a net-
work of turnpikes and*railways; improved their
-watercourses; constructed their public edifices,
among which they point as their chief glory to the
various asylums for those children of sorrow, the
deaf, the dumb, the blind, and the insane.
I say almost unassisted. Ohio alone, of all the
land States, except Tennessee, received no aid in
the construction of her public buildings. Ohio,
less than any other State, except Alabama, and
less than Alabama if regard be had to the propor-
tion of population or of unsold lands, has partici-
pated in the grants for internal improvements.
While she has received less, she has, as 1 have
already stated, paid more to the Government and
the grantees of the Government than any other
State. She has, besides, borne her full proportion
of the indirect taxation of the tariff, and contrib-
utes, at this moment, nearly one tenth of the na-
tional revenue.
I submit to the Senate that an irresistible case
has been made out for the grant of the residue of
public lands in Ohio to the State. If anything
were wanting, I might uige, in addition, the pre-
cedent of the grant to Tennessee in ltf4G. In that
ciple; in other words, to give to the State of Ohio
two hundred and sixteen thousand acres of land.
It is true, sir, that this land has been exposed for
sale for twenty or thirty years at $1 25 per acre; but
it never has been offered for a less price. Now, I
should be willing to graduate these iands according
to the term of years during which they have been
in market. 1 believe that I would even go fur-
ther. I would allow the State to come in as pre-
emptor, for i believe that it would be a very de-
sirable thing to terminate the ownership of this
land by the Government of the United States; but
I am afraid of beginning this principle, which ap-
pears to be involved in this bill.
The Senator from Ohio admonishes me that he
is anxious to obtain a vote on the bill, and 1 will
therefore do no more than mei ely state that I have
objections—that I cannot vote for the bill as it is,
but that I would be willing to dispose of these
lands m the manner I have indicated.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the several amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed tor a thud reading.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to say a single word
year, Congress terminated Federal ownership m i; without meaning to delay the action of the Senate
that State, by the act " to surrender to the Siate |
4 of Tennessee all title the United States have to
1 lands in Tennessee, south and west of the line
'commonly called the Congressional Reservation
4 Line." Indeed the act went further than this.
It released to the State the proceeds of lands al-
ready sold.
But the case of Ohio is even yet stronger. Had
on this bill. These lands have been so long m
market thatit is obvious they are mererefuselands,
as has been stated by the Senator from Ohio—the
refuse of all the lands that have heretofore been
sold in that State. I recollect very well, when 1
was at the head of the Land Office, it appeared to
me that it would be very expensive to the Govern-
ment to keep up the necessary machinery merely
she received as much more than her sister States | i for the sale of lands of this kind; and it was felt by
as she has received less; were theie no direct pre
cedent a§ the case of Tennessee to be pleaded;
there would still remain adequate, nay, controlling
reasons for the grant.
Sixty-five years have elapsed since the com-
mencement of the sales of public lands within the
limits of Ohio—more than the period of two gen-
erations of men. The unsold residue has probably
been in market for the average period of a quarter
of a century. It does not, indeed, deserve the
name of residue. It is a mere residuum. It very
little exceeds m quantity two hundied thousand
acres. It is less than one hundredth part the ori-
ginal domain. The cost to the General Govern-
ment, of the land office in the State, during the
last year, exceeded £5,01)0; and now that land
warrants have been made assignable and receiv-
able for all lands, and must, therefore, hereafter
constitute the chief, if not the sole currency in .
which payments will be made for the public do- j
main, it is not probable that the receipts at these ■
offices will defray their cost. The unsold residue,
therefore, however valuable it may be to the State, !
is not worth keeping to the Government. j
Besides, no statesman who has ever discussed j
the subject of the public domain has ever suggest-
ed that the United* States shall hold on to the lands
with unrelaxing gripe, until the sale of the last
acre and the payment of the last dollar and a quar-
ter. On the contrary, ail have concurred in the
opinion, that at the pioper tune the hind States
should be relieved from the disparagementof then-
proper sovereignty by national ownership of un-
taxed and untaxable lands within their limits, by
cessions of the unsold residue. It was theopinion
of a distinguished Senatorfrom Missouri, not now
a member of this body, [Mr. Benton,] that these
cessions should in all cases be madp upon the re-
duction of the quantity m any State to 500,000 I which they lie
acres. I concur in thisopinion. Indeed 1 should 'j Now
all that there was a time when a State should have
control of all the lands within its limits. I will
merely state further, that these lands are of no
use to the General Government, of no profit, of no
advantage; but, on the contrary, that the Govern-
ment will have to keep up this machinery at great
expense, without any prospect of these lands being
sold even so as to pay expenses. 1 trust, there-
fore, that there will be no opposition to this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I would like to 'know of the
Senator from Ohio, if he has it in Ins power to
answer the question, what the sales of these lands
have been during the last year and the preceding
year, within the State of Ohio?
Mr. CHASE. I cannot state precisely what
the amount is. I know that the expenses of the
two land offices within the State of Ohio were
$5,000 for the past year; the amount of land sold
last year, I suppose to be of shghtimportance. No
inference can be made from it as to the amount
likely to be sold next year. The Senator knows
we have made land wanants assignable, and that
they will be received in payment for public lands
hereafter. My opinion is, that the sales for the
next year will not pay the expenses. The Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Shields] was on the com-
mittee which reported this bill, and has given it
his examination.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to state one or two
reasons why I cannot vote for this bill. In the
first place, we are now about to establish a prece-
dent, that will be followed by all the other States
that have a public domain within their limits; and
it is at once settling the question of the graduation
of the price of the public lands. We are dieter-
mining not to reduce the price below $1 25 per
acre, and that all the lands which cannot he sold
at that price, shall be given to the several States in
__ my position is this: If the public lands i
belong'to the State, the proceeds go into the
' Treasury; and, if not worth $1 25 per acre, put
: them down to fifty cents an acre, and let that go
! into the Treasury. It is but fair and right. I
| prefer a system of graduation to this system decid-
! edlv; for I am confident that, if we establish this
j precedent to-day, it will be followed, year after
year, in all those States that have public lands,
! until the remnant of the lands go to those States,
j And 1 submit now, whether it is not better to have
1 some general regulation by which all these rera-
v oenaions / nants land may be disposed of? I am willing
Mr HUNTER It is not so much the amount j' to vote that they should be placed at fifty cents m
proposed to be si veil by ceding these lands to the ; the State of Ohio, and that, in the language of the
Itafe of Ohio^which^ objecf,as that it seems to j! Senator from Virginia, the State should have the
me that the bill proposes to establish a new pun- !' right of preemption.
be better pleased with an earliertermination ofFed
eral ownership. But, whatever may be thought
as to the proper time, no one will question the pro-
priety of such a cession at some time, and no one
will doubt, 1 think, that in the case of Ohio, at
least, that time has come.
I forbeai to enlarge upon these considerations.
I know the desire of the Senate to proceed toother
business, and 1 cheerfully submit this case of Ohio,
believing it to be impregnable, to the liberality, to
the wisdom, and, above all, to the justice of my
fellow Senators.
I feel rather disposed to go into the argument at
once, for this reason: that 1 consider that we shall
establish a precedent to-day, if we pass this Mil;
that it w 11 be followed up, and we cannot avoid
it. The question comes up under such very pe-
culiar circumstances; the Senator from Ohio is,
unfortunately, obliged to leave the city, which I
regret very much; and he begins by stating his po-
sition, endeavors to enlist our sympathies, and
calls on us to establish an important principle
without any discussion. These circumstances,
which surround us to day, will not be known to
the next Congress; and the States of Indiana and
Illinois may come up, and ask us to act towards
them oil the principles which have guided us with
respect lo Ohio; and how shall we be able to deny
them? Michigan will, very possibly, come in
under very favoiable auspices—perhaps the head
of the Government may come from that State, and
may recommend such a course. Illinois may,
perchance, occupy the same position, under the
same auspices.
Mr. CHASE. If the Senator will allow me to
interrupt him for a moment, 1 will state that the
precedent has already been set. Itisnow too late
to require that. The only question is, whether
the same justice which has been extended to Ten-
nessee shall be accorded to Ohio ? I have in my
hands the act by which the lands were surren-
dered to the State of Tennessee some years ago.
It has this title:
<£ *Vn act to sutrendor to the State of Tennessee all title
the United States have to lands in Tennessee, south and
west oi the line commonly called the Congressional Reser-
vation line."
And the act not only provides for the surrender
of the lands to Tennessee which were wiihin her
limits, but it goes further, arid provides that the
State of Tennessee may retain the proceeds of the
lands already sold. The precedent is already set.
Mr. DAWSON. I was going on to say, that
the State of Alabama will be presenting her claim
to this particular kind of favor, and probably un-
der the same auspices. But I am called upon at
once to see the influence of a precedent already
made, under circumstances quite different. The
Senator from Ohio will understand, that the lands
in Tennessee were reduced to twenty-five cents
per acre, before the release was made to that
State; and it was said they could not be sold for
twelve and a half cents per acre. Those lands
were given to Tennessee for purposes of educa-
tion witlun the State, and not given to the State,
except for the prescribed purpose.
Have we not asked this body already to give to
the various States of the Union a very small por-
tion, a few thousand acres, of the public domain
for purposes of education and internal improve-
ment ? and yet it is denied, while it is proposed
that the State of Ohio shall take this land; and
they refuse to let it lie in market another year, to
see if it can be sold for fifty cents per acre. If it
is not disposed of m five years, I would be will-
ing to let it go to the State. No, sir; the object is
to establish a precedent now, to lay down a posi-
tion in which all the new States will combine to
take all these lands. Hence it is that I cannot
lend my aid to such a proceeding. I think it is
unjust on the part of the new States to make such
a demand on the old States; for it is, I think, vio-
lating the rights of the old States, which we ought
not to allow, if we can prevent it. But out of
respect to the feelings of the Senator from Ohio,
I will say no more on the subject.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not feel quite prepared to vote
for this bill without a little more information on
the point which I suggested. My inquiry is, as
these lands are represented by the Senator from
Illinois, and the Senator from Ohio, to be refuse
lands, and of no value, what have been the prac-
tical operations of the Government for some time
past, in regard to sales in the State of Ohio r That
seems to me to be a pertinent matter to be under-
stood, prior to voting for this bill. I am not pre-
pared to turn to documents to show the facts
up to the present time; but I have been able to
cast my eye on a document lying here, and 1 find
that on the first of January, 1849, there were rising
of eight hundred thousand acres of land unsold in
the State of Ohio. I understand the honorable
Senator from Ohio to state that there are two hun-
dred thousand acres remaining. From this it ap-
pears that there have been large sales within these
few years, and I shall be glad to know what has
