1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
which it is proposed we shall pass. He seems to
suppose that we are merely to refer this subject to
a joint committee of the twp Houses: that that
committee is to take some preliminary steps; and
that, after the joint resolution passes, we are to
have some control over the subject. But the effect
of it is to put the committee in the place of Con-
gress as to the disposition of this printing. They
are to make the contract; they are to make no re-
port to us; they are to get no further directions
from us; their contract is not to be sanctioned by
us. When made by them, it is a contract of the
Government. The Senator said that the census
returns ought to be published; that 'they are
wanted'—that they are needed. I asked the Sen-
ator for what? What we are now considering is |
a mere question of time. Everybody admits that ;
they ought to be published; but I desire to know
where is the necessity? What public purpose is j
to be served by having them printed now? "W hat ■
pubhc injury will be sustained by delaying the j
publication a week? That is all that is asked. It ^
is impossible to assign any reason why there
should be such hot haste in the publication.
Surely, they ought to be published; and that 111 a
reasonable time. But they ought to be published
in such a manner as to do credit to tne country, so
as to perpetuate in the best manner the materials
contained in the returns. But they ought to be
published with some reasonable care, that there
shall be 110 unnecessary expenditure; and particu-
larly ill passing this joint resolution for the pub-
lication of the census returns, we should, as has
been suggested by my friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Pratt,f not turn the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus Bureau into a historiographer, and biographer
of the United States, and of all the counties in the
States thereof—for I presume that this must con-
tain information as to "the first families" in those
parts of the United States where they are so fortu-
nate as to have first families. I think we have a
rieht to have some little time to inquire into this
malter.
Cut agfiin. Mr. President) I sisk you, if such n.
thing has ever been known since you have served
in theSenate—certainly it never has to my knowl-
edge since I have been here—ot a measuie of con-
siderable importance, involving the expenditure of
money to the amount, as some gentlemen say, of
a million and a half of dollars, being hurried
through this body during the Christmas holidays?
A°-ain, the Senator from Connecticut says he de-
sires to be heard upon the subject of the resolution.
He gives liis reasons why; though ready himself,
he has not had an opportunity heretofore of being
heard. He wishes to be heard by a full Senate,
and not by a body consisting of little more than a
constitutional quorum, and he asks the indulgence
of the Senate for the postponement of this subject
until the day following our next meeting. 1 ask
you sir, if, in your experience of the proceedings
of this body, such a request at this season was
ever denied to any Senator ? This resolution is an
important one besides and beyond the amount ot
public rnonev which it is proposed to expend. 1
confess, that to me the amount of the expenditure
. . . •   /t/MtciVlAvatinvi Tf this wnrk be
opinion which will be at all available, we should
get it from a full Senate. I am not at all opposed
to the printing of these census returns. I wish it
to be done by competent peisons, and I wish them
to be well paid. I have no sympathy with that
wretched policy which endeavois to save money
to the Government by inducing people to come
forward, and by competition make bids at ruinous
rates, and either lose money or resort to the trick
of foisting upon the public worthless and badly
executed documents. I think it is unbecoming
for us to obtain from any man his time and ser-
vices for anything less than a fair equivalent. But
at the same time I would suggest that this resolu-
tion should not be pressed at this time, if for no
not authorized to print it. This resolution merely
directs the Joint Committee on Printing, who are
. presumed to know all about this subject,,to con-
! tract at fair price's with the individuals named in
i the resolution for printing just such matter as Con-
| gress declared in express terms should be pre-
j pared—nothingmoreandnothingless. Hencethere
1 is no force in the argument that we shoUId delay
' the consideration of the subject for the purpose of
! enabling this bureau to lay before us all the matter
! which they have collected. I am willing, how-
j; ever, that the resolution should lie over to next
Monday.
ii After a brief conversation as to the proper course
to pursue, the joint resolution was made the spe-
other reason, according to the usages of the body, j' cial order for Tuesday week, the oth January, at
The suggestion of the Senator from Connecticut, !■ half past twelve o'clock.
and the reasons he has assigned why he has not reception ot1 kossuth.
heretofore had an opportunity of being heard A m ^ ^ ^ Qf
ouirht to induce us to let tins n\e&sii e £0 over ,> . __ . ^ ^ n n
until our next sitting day. If the publication is j the Wed States, by M. P. Esq., his
delayed for ten days it will answer all the pur- Private Secie aiy.
poses for which it is intended.
Mr. GrWIN. The Senator from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Badger] spe&ks of " hot haste." Is it
not known to every Senator that this subject was
brought to our attention near a year ago by the
President or by the head of one of the Depart-
ments? Is it not known that it was pressed then
Mr. President : I :im directed by the President of the
' United States to inform the Senate that he has approved
! and signed the joint resolution of the two Houses ot Con-
■ gress entitled "A resolution of welcome to Louis Kos-
I SUtll."
On the motion of Mr. SHIELDS, the President
' pro few. was authorized to supply the vacancy
' occasioned by the resignation of Mr. Foote in
and that we should have acted on it then? Has ; the special committee appointed under a_resolu-
not this resolution been before ys almost from the
commencement of this Congress? I do not think
there has been any "hot haste" about it. The
question presented is, whether we shall takethis
up and act upon it. If it is taken up now, as long
as it is before the Senate it will postpone other
special orders. The object winch I have in view
is tq,press the business of the Senate. I am not <
anxious to press the consideration of this resolu- j
tion now, because there is a thin Senate; but I j
want it taken up, so that if it is not settled to-day,
it may come up from day to day as unfinished
business until it is settled.
Mr. BADGER. I think the Senator from Cali-
fornia did not distinctly understand the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith.] He said that in
consequence of a cold he was not able to address
the Senate to-day.
Mr. GWIN. I certainly did not hear that.
But all that 1 have to say is, that 1 want this reso-
lution taken up for consideration, so that it may
be taken up as unfinished business at the next
meeting of the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I certainly did not understand
the honorable Senator from Connecticut as object-
&
day
had so understood him.
Mr. BADGER. I understand that my state-
ment was a mistake. It was the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] and not the Sena-
tor from Connecticut, who pleaded indisposition
tion of the Senate, to wait upon Louis Kossuth
on his arrival at the capital, and introduce him to
the Senate of the United States.
The PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Cass.
The committee, therefore, consists of Messrs.
Shields, 8ewa.rd, and Cass.
Mr. SHIELDS subsequently rose, and made
the following report from the special committee:
The speenxl committee appointed to wait upon Louis
! Kossuth ori his arrival at the capital, and introduce him
' to the Senate ot the. United State", have had the same
1 under consideration, and recommend that the same pro-
' ceethngs he pursued as m the case of General Lafayette, to
wit: That the chairman of the committee introduce him
'< in these words : (i We present XjOuij* Kossuth to the Senate
of the United States " I'pon which the Senatoisare recom-
• mended to rise, and the President will invite him to be
, seated. JAMES SHIELDS,
WILLIAM H SEWARD,
| LEWIS CASS.
;! The PRESIDENT stated the question to be on
!'r the adoption of the report.
'! The report was adopted.
it DESTRUCTION OF THE CONGRESS LIBRARY.
il The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
' Senate a letter from John S. Meehan, Librarian
to Congress, communicating information of thede-
Library of Congress; which was read, as follows:
Library or Congress, December 25, 1851.
Sir: It is my ver\ painful duty to communicate to Con-
giefcs the destruction of the book*, pamtuiss, statuary,
. , . medals, and other property of the principal Saloon of their
Mr BRIGHT I am not disposed to press the s, Lihiary, vebteulav morning, by fne that originated in the
consideration of this subject on a thin Senate. I •
do not desire this resolution to pass unless it lms , jj^'j"'07other )i«ht«.have ever been used 111 it (lining the
the")rimaiy'consideration.* If tins'work be I j merit, and unless it ougla to pass. . I introduced wl)0l'„'„mc th?, „ has bee., under my charge.^ ^ ^
... , * T • 1 •, i _ 1. -  iirnll. T iiri«ll    4 •>..
is noi ine unuai^ —— . .
published, I wish it to be published well; I wish
those who print it to be well paid for their work.
But this involves another question—namely, as to
our diverting from, and ultimately subverting, the
system which has prevailed here of printing by
contract. r-.,
I agree with the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Bright] entirely in regard to the contract system.
1 am opposed to it. I have been willing1 foi 3-ea^ls
to vote for a law or joint resolution to abolish it.
Our experience in this body, as well as that of
the other House, has shown that under it we get
documents wretchedly published upon bad-paper,
with worse printing and still worse binding. For
one I am tired and sick of it. The publications
are'disgraceful to the body that lias them pub-
lished "and the probability is, that in most of them,
in a few yeais, the ink will have destroyed the
miserable substitute for paper, and leave them
illegible My mind lias been made up on that
sublet and I a«ree with the Senator from Indiana
in regard to it.° When this resolution comes up,
I should be o-lad to see a provision appended to it
for repealing the joint resolution or law under
which the contract system exists. Lut if the
Senator from Indiana considers lor a moment, he
will see that m order to have an expression of
Itat'ane'tti-lv dayof the session, believing that it . " i have not be™ able to aseei tain the precise number of
j1 w^s important That the work should beWr^l | theb^s ^ "
upon. It will be a very voluminous woiiv. It t lt 1S tru|y giatilying to have jtm my power to add, that
i; will require time; and it will require the expend-;; ftbout twenty thousand volumes of books that.woiem the
'! itureof a large sum of money, but nothing like ; Law Room, and
: the sum named by the honoranle senator irom
!' Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] and the honorable Sen-
!' ator from North Carolina, [Mr. Mangum.] The
11 cost of the printing of the last census amounted to
l| less than §200,(100, and i feel authorized to say, on
inquiry which I lia\e made, that the cost of this
;j printing will amount to less than $300,000.
'! The honorable Senator from Maryland inquires
I! what it is we are to print. He thinks the gentle-
ij man who has charge of this subject ought to lay
on our tables the forms of the returns. I under-
' stood him to say that there is a great deal of his-
j torieal matter connected with the census returns
i which will be placed before us to be printed. The
! answer to his inquiry is to be found m the law of
' the last Congress. We are to print the euumera-
\ tion of the inhabitants of the United States and
1 such statistics as shall be reported by the com-
\ mittee appointed by this body to prepare the work.
I If the Census Bureau has collected historical mat-
| ter relating to Maryland and other States of the
I Union not contemplated by the law, we clearly are
the Library are safe. Man} of these books belonged totlw
libMiy of the Into President Jefieison, that was purchased
■ bv Connies? m the year 181.3.
Thev' constitute the seveia! chapters in the Catalogue ot
' the Libiaiv, ameeabh to Mr. JeflVrwm'aclassification, nn-
' der tlie lollownig head*: Ancient History; AmencanHis-
' toiv; Ecclesiastical History; Clicnnstry; Mineralogy and
Co~ncholo \ ; Moral I'llllosophy, Laiv ot Nature and Na-
tions; the'five chapteis composing the law depattment ot
; the Library; Religion; Folmcs, (including the sc.ence of
! Lci-lation, Political Economy, Commerce, ISankint; bta-
tisties, &<■..) pan of the chapter on Architecture, and tlm
entile chnpteron Mumc ; Dialogue and Epistolary ; Logic ;
i R tone ami Oiauons. and the Theory ol Ontic.sn,
I I sincerely hope that the sen'cams investigation Con-
! ,.re« will give to the distressing event, union eve>y lover
of science and literature must deepl) depkne, wi.l lead to
' a detection of the causes that produced it, anu to the adop-
tion of means that null prevent, tn all luliire time, a recur-
' «-ence of tiie sad calamity.
i With the most rc-pecttul regaid, I have the honor to be,
vrvnr obedient &eiv«int.
i JOHN S. MEEHAN, Librarian.
To the Hon. W. R. Kisc,
i President of the Senate, U. S. Congress.
I A message was received from the House of Rep-
I ressntatives by Mr. Forney, their Clark:
