1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1060
willing to aid him in reference to that; and, as I under-
stand him, his [Mr. Rives] bid was the next lowest."
There is a slight inaccuracy in this. I learn
from Mr. Towers that his bid for this fourth class of
printing, which includes these extra numbers, was
a better bid for the bidder than that of Mr. Rives;
that is, it was not so low as Mr. Rives's bid. Mr.
Towers informs me that his was a fair business
bid, at a low price, butupon which he could make |
something. I have made this explanation at the S
request of these gentlemen. !
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish to submit my bill, i i
The SPEAKER. The Chair understsood the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] to
withdraw his resolution of yesterday, and to sig-
nify his purpose to offer another one.
Mr. FLORENCE. That will answer.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Before I enter
upon the subject which was under consideration at
she time of adjournment yesterday, I desire to cor-
rect an impression which I ascertain to have made
a lodgement upon the minds of some gentlemen,
whose opinion I prize very highly. And that is,
that I have been actuated in my course by some
feeling of persona) hostility to tfie parties engaged
by the committee to execute the public printing. I
desire to say, once for all, that I distinctly disavow
any such feeling. My personal relations with all
the gentlemen, (or with all of them that I know,)
are of a friendly character, and I know of no rea- i
son why they should not so continue. I owe them j
no thanks for past favors, and no grudge for past j
injuries. Occupying such a position, I can deal j
out to each one, and to till of them, equal and ;
exact justice. j
It seems to me, that m the action of the commit- j
tee upon this subject of printing, there has been
no bona fide effort to emply any one to execute the j
work, except Donelson & Armstrong. With the j
majority of the committee on the part of the House !
of Representatives, this appears clearly to have .
been the case. It seems that no other establish- j
raent was thought of, in connection with this print- j
ing, or was treated as worthy to receive it, except ,
the Union establishment. With the majority, it;
was Donelson & Armstrong at the beginning—it
was Donelson & Armstrong through its whole pro- ,
gress—it was Donelson &. Armstrong iit the con- ,
elusion.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, (interrupting.)
Will the gentleman from Mississippi allow me to :
say a word ?
Mr. BROWN. If I am at all mistaken, I want
to be corrected 
Mr. STANTON. The remark the gentleman
has just made doesnotapply to me. I attempted,
at an early part of this [struggle, to get this work i
divided out to Donelson & Armstrong and John
T. Towers, and offered a resolution to that effect. '
1 did so for this reason: because there was a ne- ■
cessitv, at the time, of doing something. I thought ■
those gentlemen were prepared to do the work,
and I proposed to the committee to give to them
such work as the public printei could not, or
would not, do.
Mr. BROWN. Still I find, from the explana-
tion of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton-,]
that he insisted upon having Donelson_& Arm-
strong in the contract somewhere. Now, sir,
while these gentlemen [Messrs. Stanton and
Gorman] were indulging their predilections for
their friends, it seems they never thought of in-
dulging othergentlemen to the same extent. They,
it seems, had their likes for Donelson & Arm-
strong, and their dislikes for other printers and
editors, and it was all right that they should in-
dulge them. But if other people indulge then-
likes and dislikes, then these gentlemen thmk it is
all wrong. They think it very odd that other
gentlemen should refuse to give up their opposition
to Donelson & Armstrong; but they seem at no
time to have been willing to yield their position in
favor of these gentlemen. These facts being true,
I say there does not seem to have been a bona fide
single purpose of procuring the public work to be
done in the speediest manner, and by those who
would do it the cheapest and best. But there
seems to have been but one purpose, running
throughout the whole proceedings, from the be-
ginning to the end, and that was to favor the
printing establishment of Donelson & Armstrong.
That I object to. 1 do not object to those partic-
ular individuals. What I object to is this-
the committee did not go to work in good faith to
obtain the printing upon the best terms, but that
tliey made the public interest secondary to the
private interest of the Union establishment. Their
position appears to have been, that unless Donel-
son & Armstrong could be included in the contract,
they would make no contract. This, in my judg-
ment, was wrong. Why not contract with other
parties, if they would do the work as speedily and
as cheaply? Why did the committee, from the
beginning to the end, insist, without special refer-
ence to the speedy completion of the work, that
this particular establishment should be included in
whatever contract was made? It was the duty of
the committee to have given the contractor every
reasonable indulgence, and if he failed or refused
to do the work, to have reported that failure to
Congress; and if they put the work in other
hands they ought to have employed the man who
would do it the quickest, cheapest and best.
The honorable gentleman, the chairman of that
committee, [Mr. Gorman,] in the course of a col-
loquy yesterday, endeavored to impress upon the j
minds of this House, and so far as his printed
speech could do it, upon the minds of the country,
that there was something like an understanding
between gentlemen entertaining extreme views; or,
in other words, between what is called the South-
ern ultras and Northern Free-Soilers. An intima-
tion was more than once made in the progress of
the debate that there was something like a coalition
between these extremes, and that by agreement
they were acting in concert upon this question.
No such thing is true of me. I repudiate any such
insinuation, come from what quarter it may. I
act here solely and alone, upon my own responsi-
bility, never asking, never inquiring, and never
caring whether any other man North or South is
or is not acting with me.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman]
intimates that he will expose these understand-
ings. For me, he is quite at liberty to begin.
But before he puts my friends or myself on trial,
I would advise him to try his hand on his asso-
ciate, the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stan-
ton".J He is a capital subject to practice on. I
shall expect to hear him say, " Richard Stanton,
slaveholder and pro-slavery Democratic Represent-
ative from the slaveholdmg State of Kentucky, i
i stand up and and answer to this House, by what I
I warrant you were found m an unholy coalition
i with Truman Smith, Free-Soiler and Abolition
i Whig Senator from Connecticut, voting to divide
! the public printing between the Union and the Re-
j public?'' It would bean interesting trial, and I
I should watch its progress with great interest.
; Let the gentleman settle accounts like this be-
I tween his colleagues on the committee before he
I charges coalition upon others. It seems there is
; no account taken of coalitionists like theirs. But
< if persons occupying such extreme positions as the
j gentleman from Massachusetts and myself are
| found opposing a bargain made by others holding
quite as extreme positions as we do, we hear a
I great outcry about Coalition ! Coalition !! If the
I bargain was made by a coalition, it may be op-
: posed in the same way. If there was nothing
I wron" in the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
j Stanton] and Truman Smith acting together in
! making the bargain, there can be nothing wrong
j in the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ran-
ii toul] and myself acting together in opposing it.
I If I am found acting with gentlemen entertaining
' extreme views agauist the contract, ft wilt be found
i that it was made by gentlemen holding opinions
i iust as extreme. . .
! Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, (interrupting.)
j If the gentleman from Mississippi will allow me,
! I will tell him the result. Wesucceeded m bnng-
! ing over a Connecticut Whig Senator and Aboh-
' tionist to the support of a compromise press.
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir; and when he came
! over he brought with him a Whig paper which
H has heaped more abuse upon the Democratic ma-
jority of this House than all the presses from
j Maine to Louisiana. Its columns teem from day
I to day with abuse of members of this House
j whose Democracy has never been questioned
!i Northern men and Southern men. When you
talk about your Free-Soil ally from the North go-
ing for a compromise press, let me remind you,
that he carried you over to the Whig press, and that
one, the most vindictive of them all. The country
' will inquire how this was brought about; how,
• with an overwhelming Democratic majority in this
House, and an equally effective Democratic ma-
jority in the Senate, you have not been able to
choose a Democratic printer? Why it was that the
Republic was fastened upon us? Why has-this
coalition been formed? These are the questions
that will be asked. And the answer will be, that
Donelson & Armstrong might be provided for.
That is the whole secret of the matter—that is the
nest in which the coalition was hatched.
Mr. POLK, (interrupting.) Will the gentle-
man from Mississippi allow me to propound a
question to him ?
Mr. BROWN. Simply a question.
Mr. POLK. Will you vote to elect the com-
promise Union press to be public printer ?
Mr. BROWN. I will not vote to elect any
newspaper editor public printer. I said so yes-
terday.
Mr. KING. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. POLK. I see the coalition is now formed.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. King,] a
Free-Soiler, says I am out of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. I beg; not to be interrupted by
a side-bar colloquy.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Mississippi to yield the floor to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk.]
Mr. BROWN. I did for a question, but not
for a colloquy. Now, let us see, sir, to what
strange reasons gentlemen of this committee are
driven in justification of their course. The hon-
orable gentleman who sits before me [Mr. Haven]
1 says that he objected to Mr. Rives's doing this
work, he already had a large and important job
from the Government. How many important and
profitable jobs has the Republic under the Gov-
ernment ? Who does not know that the Republic
newspaper is fattened and made sleek by the pap
it receives from the Executive Departments? All
this the gentleman takes no account of. It was
his sow that was drinking the swill, and he never
thought it worth his while to charge it.
If this printing had to be divided out, why was
not mere justice observed in the division ? Why
should the committee have confined themselves
exclusively to the Union and Republic? Why
take two newspapers, occupying extreme posi-
i tions, and turn all others out? Why not take in
S the "old fogies" of the Intelligencer? Why
I were they, like Nebuchadnezzar, turned out to
I grass ? I do not see any reason why they should
i not have had a share. They are for the compro-
; imse. Was it because they had not been peculiarly
■ abusive of the Democratic party, and of the Demo-
cratic members of this House? I must confess,
! sir, if I had to elect between Donelson & Arm-
I strong and the Intelligencer, on the one hand, and
j Donelson & Armstrong and the Republic, on the
! other, I would take the Intelligencer by large odds.
! I ask the attention of those gentlemen to what
| I am about to say. What are we to understand by
; this procedure ? My friend from Indiana, [Mr.
| Gorman,] on yesterday, when he came to allude
| to the Southern Press, to" which he evidently thought
j I was much attached, and in whose service I was la
j boring, (and in all of which he was very much mis-
taken,) became almost frantic His manner was
| excited, and he became a little denunciatory for
!f  gentleman of his amiable temper. [Laughter.]
I Why was this ? Why was it thought necessary
j thus to denounce the Southern Press. That pa-
il per, as is well known, reflects the sentiments of
;! a large number of the Southern Democrats. Are
!; we to understand in its exclusion, and the bitter
ii denunciations which follow the mention of its
:! name, that such portion of the Democracy as sym-
|' pathize in the sentiments uttered through its col-
I umns, are also to be proscribed, excluded, and
! denounced ? Is this what, we are to understand '
; And if we are, where is this proscription to stop?
If Southern Democrats, who sympathize with the
! sentiments uttered through tfie columns of the
Southern Press, are to be proscribed before the
election, what is to be their position after the elec-
! tion? These&re matters, sir, to be reflected upon.
Now. I am free to say to you, Mr. Speaker, to
, the House, and to the country, that my vote and
my course in the presidential canvass, are not to
■ be controlled by your action upon this subject.
; But I am not authorized to say that your action
i may not control the votes of hundreds and thou-
sands of others in the South. If you shall indicate
' to them, that because certain newspapers and gen-
tlemen have defended what they believe to be the
