1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1935
EXPLORATION OF BEHRING S STRAITS.
Mr. GWfN. I wish to make an inquiry of
one of the members of the Committee on Com-
merce. The Senator from New York [Mr. Sew-
ard] some time ago reported from that committee
a bill to authorize an exploration and reconnois-
sance of the courses of navigation used by whaling
vessels in the regions of Behring's Straits, and
also of such parts of the China seas, Straits of
Gaapar, and Java Sea as lie directly in the route
of vessels proceeding to and from China. T wish
to know when that Senator intends to call the hill
up. It is of the greatest importance to my State.
Mr. SEWARD. I am prepared to call the bill
up at the first opportunity. I should be glad to
take it up now; hut as the Senate is occupied at
this moment I will cal! it up to-morrow, if the
Senator from California will give me his support.
Mr. SEWARD, subsequently, by unanimous
consent, informally submitted an amendment to
the bill; which was ordered to be printed.
FALLS OF ST. MARY'S, MICHIGAN.
Mr. FELCH. I desire to ask the Senate to
take up a bill which was in part discussed the
other day, the action of the Senate in regard to
which was not completed, ft is Senate bill No.
28, m reference to the construction of a ship canal
across the State of Michigan.
The PRESIDENT. Is that a special order ?
Mr. FELCH. I believe not.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Michi-
gan will agree to lay the bill aside at one o'clock,
if it should occasion debate, I will agiee to it.
Mr. FELCH. 1 will agree to that. I move,
therefore, that the prior orders be postponed, and
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
that bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the "bill granting to the State of
Michigan the right of way and a donation of pub-
lic lands, for the construction of a ship-canal
around the Falls of St. Mary's, in said State,"
the question being on the adoption of an amend-
ment reported by the committee, to strike out of
the twentieth line of the first section the words,
"two hundred," and insert "two hundred and
fifty;" and in the next line to strike out the word
" fifty," and insert " sixty," so as to make that
clause of the section read:
And povided fuither, That said canal shall be at least
one hundred feet wide, with a depth of water twelve foci,
and the locks Mial! be at least two hundred and fifty feet
lony and Mxty feet wide."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. These are all the amend-
ments reported by the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. I was not in the Senate when
that bill was taken up, but I understand it isa bill
appropriating money for an internal improvement
solely within the limits of one State. I wish to
know what is the character of the bill, because, if
that is the case, I must say that it appears to me
that we are going much further than we have
heretofore done in relation to this system.
Mr.TOUCEY. i regard this work as being
calculated exclusively for the public benefit, so far
as we are called on to act in regard to it. It pro-
poses to open a canal on the lands of the United
States, by means of which Lake Superior will he
connected with the lakes below. Without this
canal it will bp indispensably necessary to main-
tain a naval force on Lake Superior, as well as on
the lakes below; but if this canal he constructed,
one single naval squadron will suffice for the ser-
vice on'all the lakes. To effect that object, the
proposition is now made to construct a canal on
the lands of the United States, and thus render a
double marine force unnecessary on the lakes. In
order to remove any objection which may yet exist
in the minds of Senators, I will offer an amend-
ment to the amendment which has been proposed
by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Felch.-]
The PRESIDENT. There was an amendment
offered by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Felch,] which has been printed. The question
will next be on that amendment.
The amendment was to strikeout all after the
enacting clause, and insert the following:
That the Secietarv of War be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to contract with the lowest bidder,
or bidders, after public notice given in the usual manner for
lettins contract*, for the construction of ;iship canal around
the Falls of St. Mary'?, in the State of Michigan, which
canal shall not be less than one hundred feet wide and
twelve feetdeep, with >ingle locks, not less than three hun-
dred and fifty teet long and seventy-five feet wide, with
such piers and other appurtenance* as shall, in the. opinion
of said Secretaiy, be required for the safe and proper use
of said canal: Provided, That *-aid Secretary may enter
into separate contracts tor such different poitions of the
work in constructing said canal as lie shall deem conducive
to the public inteie&t. and the aggregate amount of all said
contracts shall not exceed lour hundred thou>and dollars.,
which shall be paid to the eontiactor or contractors as the
work progresses, reserving ahvavs a sum equal to twenty
per centum on the amount of wmk peiformcd, until the
whole be completed : And provided, further, That the con-
traetoi or contractors '•hail perfotin the work under such
instructions and superintendence as the ^aid Secretary
shall deem necessary and proper to seouie the faithtul ex-
ecution of ihe contracts, and *h.itl give Mich ample =M>euiity
for the peiforniance thereof as he s-hall direct and improve-
Jind yiovided further, That such contractoi or coim.ictoif.
shall have the right of taking trom any ot the land* « f the
United State* stone and otiier materials for the construction
of said canal and its appurtenances-.
Mr. TO0CEY. I propose to amend that amend-
ment by adding to it the following, as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the said canal,
with its appurtenances, when the same is completed, shall
be delivered over to the State of Michigan, to be kept in
operation and repair, and subject to use by all citizen* of
the United States, and such foreigners as may he permitted
to use the same by authority ot Congress, upon the pay-
ment of such tolls and charges only as shall, m the aggre-
gate, be sufficient to defray the necessary expenses ot the
operation and repairs of said canal: Provided, That all
boats and vessels belonging to or in the employment of the
United States shall at all times be allowed to pass through
said canal free ot all charge*: j?iovvled also, That there
shall be kept under the authority of «.aid State an accuiate
account of evpenditme* in the lepairs and the operating of
said canal, and al*o of all receipt* for toll sand charges, and
a sworn statement of the same he returned to the Secietnry
of War m the month of Januatym each jcar: .titid j>to-
vided further. Thai the woik upon the said canal *hall not
be commenced until said Slate, by an act of the Legislature
thereof, shall agree to accept the same, and shall make
pioper provision lor the preservation, repair, and opeiauon
thereof on the terms and conditions above specified.
Mr. BELL. I believe that this bill originally
proposed to appropriate land for aiding in the con-
struction of this work. The proposition made ,
by the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Felch] is to ■
make the appropriation in money to the amount J
of $400,000. That proposition involves a new
question, and I think brings up very clearly the [
consideration of an old one, which for many years 1
has been considered as having had its quietus, for
the present at least. As I understand this propo- !
sition, there is no difference between it and that I
which was once made, and in effect was carried 1
in a different shape, for the construction of the :
Chesapeake and Delaware canal. The same argu- •
ments were then urged in favor of that work which j
are now urged m favor of this. It might be said j
that the proposition is similar to that which has I
so frequently been discussed m this Hall, for the |
construction of a canal m the State of Indiana j
around the falls of the Ohio river, and making an i
appropriation from the Treasury for that purpose, i
There was also another similar proposition with ■
which you, Mr. President, are better acquainted, |
which was to construct a canal in the State of ,
Alabama around the Muscle Shoals in the Ten- ,
nessee river. The construction of the Florida
canal is another proposition of a similar character.
No one of these propositions is different in princi-
ple from the proposition to construct a canal
through any one State in the Union. I shall be
glad if honorable Senators will say where the dis- !
crimination can be made. j
I think the principleisthesame. Forexample, ;
it is said, with reference to this measure, that it is
important for the military defense of this country, i
So is every great work which facilitates rapidity
of movement thiough the different portions of this i
Confederacy. Every work is highly uselul which !
tends to aid in the transportation of the munitions
of war, so as to be able to meet an enemy where ;
we are hardest pressed. The rapid accumulation
of forces in such a case is important, and if we .
extend this principle so as to embrace the common
military defenses of the country, all works of in- '
ternal improvement of that description—roads, 1
canals, and railways—come under the same prin-
ciple. Those to which I have alluded are of this I
description. This pass between Lakes Superior I
and Huron, the pass between the Delaware and ,
Chesapeake Bays, and the passes on the various
: rivers of the country, are all objects which would ;
be useful as military appliances in bringing forth
the resources of the nation for the purpose of de- i
fending ourselves against a foreign enemy; yet, ;
in principle they are not different from that great j
line of communication which once was proposed
to connect Buffalo and New Orleans. The same
principle and the same policy would apply as to
the military defenses of the country, strengthening
its resources in time of war, as well as giving en-
ergy to our commerce in time of peace. No one
denies that.
It is said that this particular pass would be
especially useful as a means of national defense,
by enabling us to pass our ships speedily from
one of the great lakes to another, in case or a war
with Great Britain. Are honorable Senators
really sincere when they place their reliance for
support to this measure, upon that—I will not
call it pretext, m deference to gentlemen—but that
argument, as presented by the Senator from Con-
necticut'' Why, if war is possible, it might be
useful to us to have such a means of communica-
tion. But does any gentleman really contemplate
that in any future collision with Great Britain, we
shall have any necessity for military defenses on
the northwest, or between Lakes Superior and
Huron ? In what period of time, in what remote
generation do they expect there will be sufficient
English population and resources in that quarter
of the British possessions, to cause us any annoy-
ance or alarm whatever? Does not everybody
know, that in the event of a war with GreatBntain
at any time, or m ten or twenty years at least,
the power of this Confederacy, increased as it is
by its population and resources, would soon pass
over the boundaries which separate us from the
colonies of Great Britain, and that the few troops
kept there would soon be compelled to yield ? Does
any gentleman suppose really that we are to have
war steamers on Lake Superior for the purpose
of defending our northwestern boundary against
Great Britain, or that the lakes lower down, Erie
and Ontario even, will need such defense? I ven-
ture to say that if the real judgment of Senators
on this floor were announced, it would be that we
have no cause to fear from any British force on
any part of our northern frontier. Such has been
the growth of this country since the war of 1812,
that every gentleman will see that the reduction of
the British power in Canada would be but a morn-
ing's work. There might be some hard fighting
to maintain the contest there, but every gentleman
must see that our growth since 1812 has been such,
that from the moment war was proclaimed, Eng-
land would not dream of retaining possession of
that province. It would be surrendered, given
up, abandoned at once. Honor might compel
them, perhaps, to hold out for a short time; but
certainly with no expectation of maintaining their
ground or resisting the resources of our twenty or
thirty miHionsupon their southern borders, against
their one million or two. I say, therefore, that 1
take it that the talk about the necessity of this
canal as a means of defense, is a mere pretext.
As to the principle involved, I have said that
the principle is the same as would be involved in
carrying out a general system of internal improve-
ments. 1 had thought that that system was set-
tled, practically at least, and that that portion of
the Whig party—but I beg pardon for using party
titles here; it was not my intention to do so; it is
wrong. I shall go on to speak of the system of
constructing works of internal improvement by the
aid of appropriations from the Treasury. I thought
that system had been abandoned by both the great
parties m the country. I was always opposed to it.
I think no man has been more earnest and zeal-
ous in supporting the policy of making appropri-
ations for the maintenance of commerce, for open-
ing harbors on the lakes and elsewhere as being
more national in their character, as being a de-
scription of improvements not generally to be car-
ried out by a combination of individual capital,
and as not always affording individual States such
; reason to expect benefit as to induce them to en-
| gage their revenues in the construction. I have
I maintained that policy, but f have strenuously
I opposed any scheme of a general system of inter-
! nai improvements.
j I did not care about opposing this bill, as it
came before the Senate originally. The proposi-
tion then was to appropriate five hundred thou-
sand acres of land for the construction of this
canal. I was willing that the bill should pass in
that shape, as it was assimilated in principle to
the appropriations for railroads in those States in
which the public lands lie; but the proposition
now before the Senate is very different; it is for
