1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1.071
For instance, here are shaving-boxes, shaving-
brushes, sorubbing-bruslies, shoe-brushes, down
to beeswax. There is a large number of shaving-
boxes, shaving-brushes, scrubbing-brushes, and
shoe-brushes wanted, in all probability, but a very
little beeswax, and the consequence is, that the con-
tractor puts down beeswax at a very low price., and
all the other articles—the shaving-brushes, and so
on—at a high price. This course is adopted with
respect to every article, and the consequence is,
that a general average price is made, and the man
who offers to supply beeswax for nothing, gets the
contract. So it is, it is but fair to presume, with
printing. I had a conversation with a gentleman
this morning, who had offered to contract for the
public printing 
Mr. POLK. Let us have his name, if you
please.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not think it at all neces-
sary to give his name.
Mr. POLK. It" the gentleman intends to make
a proposition to the House, we should know the
name of the person with whom he had this con-
versation.
Mr. FLORENCE. I merely intend to state the
nature of the conversation. j
Mr. POLK. If any man intends to make a !
tangible proposition, we should know the name of i
the person with whom he conversed. j
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not intend to do any j
such thing, but I merely wish to state the con-
versation I had with him this morning, which was
quite accidental. As, however, there is no secret j
to divulge, I presume I may, without impropriety, j
or a violation of confidence reposed in me, mention
the gentleman's name; and to gratify the honora-
ble member from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk,] I will
do so. I have, therefore, no hesitation in inform-
ing the gentleman and the House that the name
of the gentleman to whom I have alluded is John
C. Rives. He told me, if I understood him
correctly, that he had, in his proposal for the
printing, offered to supply the "yawls" and "gun-
boats," as he called them, for nothing; but that he
intended to be reasonably paid for the "seventy-
fours" that he furnished to the Government. But
let me explain this more fully. The gentleman of
whom 1 speak, said that he had offered, in his
contract, to give to the House the list of yeas
and nays, the calendar, the bills, all of which he
represented, in his peculiarly facetious manner, to
he the "gun-boats" and "yawls," for nothing;
but that the "seventy-fours," consisting of the
public documents, out of which, as I understand
it, the profit was to be made, he intended to sup-
ply at a pretty good price, to liberally compensate
Slim for the responsibility so assumed. That, sir,
is the practical working of the whole contract sys-
tem, and for this reason I am not in favor of it;
because I do not believe that the public good is
thereby promoted, or is the work perfected as it
ought to be: nor do I believe, sir, that it is of any
advantage tn the Government, so far as excellence
of workmanship or expedition is concerned. At
the time that the'bill which I have had the honor
to submit to the House was presented—or nearly
the same bill, because there are only one or two
sections added to it—1 took pains to inform myself,
as far as I could, of the opinions of various gentle-
men engaged in the printing business. The Print-
ers' Union of Philadelphia, composed of from five
hundred to six hundred very intelligent gentlemen,
at my request—I do not, however, egotistically
state this fact—appointed a committee for the pur-
pose of considering the bill offered by Mr. Doty
to this House, and after full investigation of the
matter before them, the committee reported the fol-
lowing resolution, which was adopted with marked
unanimity, as will be seen, by the laudable and
praiseworthy association, who have united to mu-
tually promote the interests of "the craft," of
which they are worthy and exemplary members.
I will read their proceedings, so far as action has
been had upon the sub)ect of the establishment of
a National Printing Office:
" At a recent meetina of the Printers' Union, of Philadel-
phia the following lesolution un.unmouslv adopted:
  Resolved, That we recommend the immediate passage
of the bill now before Con-res, (introduced by Mr. Doty,
for the establishment of a public punting office, bchevinjr it
to be the commencement of tii.it prope^-ive reioim which
will, eventually, scenic To the Wilms millions their due po-
sition in society, and a Ian ooinp^"
useful occupation. M. C
''Extract from Minutes.
"JOS. M. WOLFF, Secretary,
ation foi labor m every
C. BROWN, President.
This, sir, is the deliberately-considered opinion
of the Printers' Onion of Philadelphia, and 1 be-
lieve it to be a disinterested one, because I cannot
suppose that a single one of these gentlemen could
ever have expected, or is, indeed, looking forward i
with any reasonable degree of hope to occupy a
position, for which all or any of them are eminently
qualified, in the national printing office. But if he
did, sir, there is an assurance that he would ren-
der a full equivalent for any compensation the
Government might be called upon to give him;
and hence, the position the gentleman would oc-
cupy in his industrial or professional relation to
the Government, would be equal, as he would
render a full and fair equivalent in labor for all he
might receive, in the shape of pecuniary compen-
sation from the National Treasury. I repeat that
I regard this, sir, as a perfectly disinterested opin-
ion, given from the practical knowledge, or the
practical anticipations of the working of such an
establishment, and the advantage which would be
derived from it to the Government.
It has been said, that Mr. Hamilton is not
able to execute his contract; I stated at the com-
mencement of my remarks, which I beg to repeat,
that, m my humble opinion, the opposition made
against him brought about this result. I stated
that, sir, and it is my opinion that such is thefacr.
About the time, or soon after this contract was
made—with which every gentleman is familiar—
it was spread broad-cast over the land, that the
price for which Mr. Hamilton had contracted to
do.this work—to perform the public printing—
would result, inevitably, m his ruin; and that it
would be impossible for him to accomplish it. It
was then fuither said, sir, that no responsible per-
son would consent to become surety for him; and
I believe—and if I am not correct m my recollec-
tion, I hope to be corrected by some gentleman
upon the floor of this House—I believe the here-
tofore unsullied character of his securities was
grossly assailed, their responsibility doubted, and,
indeed, I am informed that such declarations were
given general currency to in one or more of the
papers of Washington city. They were alleged
to be " men of straw," to use the language ap-
plied to them; and it was said that there was bo
responsibility either in the public printer or m his
sureties. Now a word to as that, sir. One of these
Gentlemen to whom 1 have referred,in his relation
as surety for the public printer, is a constituent of
mine, who I have the honor to represent on the
floor of this House. 1 refer particularly to Mr.
William Badger, and I assert here before this
House and before the nation, that there is not a
more responsible gentleman than he is, so far, at
least, as he has entered security, and I have no
hesitation in declaring it to he my belief that his
means are quite ample enough to justify him for
entering into the responsibility which he has as-
sumed. I repeat, sir, then, I believe his resources
are quite ample, and I further say that he is
worthy of the consideration of this House, and
that it is a libel upon that gentleman; it is an as-
sault upon him which 1 cannot permit to pass by
unnoticed, without saying as much as 1 have said
in relation to him.
Mr. STANLY. Mr. Badger is a responsible
surety, you say ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do,sir. He is a respon-
sible surety. He is not " a man of straw." I
have good reason to know that, for he voted for
me and helped to send me here. [Laughter.]
The name of another of these gentlemen is Mr.
Louis Pelouze, who resides in Philadelphia, and
who supplies most of the types that are used upon
the different newspapers in the city ofPhiladelphia,
throughout the State of Pennsylvania, and perhaps
for those published heie. This gentleman is pos-
sessed of a very large establishment, and 1 take it
for granted that he is entirely competent for the
amount for which he has assumed the responsibil-
ity, and hence, I do not consider that he is "a man
of straw." But, sir, sufficient for the puipose is i*
that 1 have said as much as I have in vindication
of Mr. Badger and Mr. Pelouze. I believe them—I
verily believe them to be entirely competent for the
performance of the obligation they have assumed,at
least in becoming suieties for the execution of the
contract entered into by Mr. Hamilton.
During the third week of this session, the sub-
ject of the public printing was introduced into this
House. It was alleged then, because it was anti-
cipated I suppose, that the public printer was not
competent to fulfill either the letter or spirit of his
contract. Well, now, if gentlemen will go back
with me, they will lecollect that during or about
that time all of us were frozen up here in Wash-
ington—communication by means of the railroad
or by the river Potomac with the East was inter-
rupted. [t was said and urged, as a forcible
reason why the appropriation should be/made for
; the extension of the wings of the Capitol, that a
large number of the working men engaged upon
that work were frozen up here and were suffering,
because they were deprived of the proceeds of their
labor. The Susquehanna river, for a long time,
was filled with ice. I recollect perfectly well that
I remained m Washington about two months, be-
cause I did not feel it safe to trust myself in cross-
ing the Susquehanna.
Mr. POLK. I suppose, good men being scarce,
the gentleman took care of himself.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir, 1 did. To resume:
Consequently the supplies he had contracted for
failed to reach him. I suppose the contractor with
himfailed tofulfill his agreement,as almost all con-
tractors do, unfortunately. He contracted for the
paper, he contracted for othermaterial—all else that
was required for the adequate establishment of his
printing office, all of which was prevented from
being transmitted over the roads or by the river to
Washington. I understand that the public printer
adduced that as a reason why he failed in the imme-
diate performance of the work which was intrusted
to him at that tune. 1 understand him to say that a
large lot of paper which had been sent in a vessel
from the East, or from New Yoik, or Philadel-
phia, was frozen up in the Potomac river. It ia
not material for my purpose to specify particularly
from whence it came. The fact alleged by the
public printer I believe lo be true. While the
public printer could not control the elements—
while the winter was the most severe we have ex-
perienced for a series of years, and it could not
have been anticipated that this interruption would
have occurred—it was at least some excuse why
the work had not progressed beyond the point
which it had at that time. For that reason the Com-
mittee on Public Printing should have extended
some generosity to him. However, the chairman
of the' Committee on Public Printing—and a most
energetic and devoted chairman he is—declared—
and he is to be commended for his candor—that
his object was to give the printing to a party
p, ess—that his object was to give the printing to
; Donelson & Armstrong, and that it became the
i Democratic majority of this House to support
'l their organ. Well, Mr. Speaker, I know by ex-
perience the disadvantage resulting from a want of
support to the organ of a party. So far as that
matter is concerned, if it could be legitimately
0-iven, I sympathize most deeply with the gentle-
men. I have myself paid for'the privilege of
printing a Democratic newspaper. I am a vic-
tim—a martyr, perhaps, in the field of Democratic
newspaper enterprise. [Laughter.] AVeIl,sir, to
accomplish the purpose in view, I am forced to con-
clude, was only to be brought about by breaking
down A. Boyd'Hamilton, the public printer, so as
to enable the commiuee or the House to give the
printing to Donelson & Armstrong. Now, while I
was very willing—perhaps I even participated
somewhat in the'desue to do so, or perhaps I did
not, it is not material either way, to permanently
establish a Democratic organ, and to practically
sympathize with them, by voting " material aid"
to Donelson & Armstrong, I was not willing to
consent that one Democrat should be broken down
to elevate and build up another.
A Voice. That is the point.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Hamilton happened
to be a coustiiuent of mine. He happened to be
for a Ions time connected with the Democratic
press of Philadelphia city. I could not under-
stand, and I so declared upon the floor of this
House, the policy of giving the public printing to
a Democrat with a newspaper, to the exclusion
and destruction pecuniarily—-for that would have
been the inevitable rusult—of a Democrat without
a newspaper. Ruin would stare the latter in the
face. For the life of me, with all the investigation
T have been enabled to give thematter since—with
all thelaborl have bestowed upon it—although four
months have transpired—[ cannot see how tins
discrimination can be justified. A. Boyd Ham-
ilton, it is said, is not competent to perform his
contract. I venture the assertion, notwithstanding
