1936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27.
an appropriation of §400,000 from the Treasury
of the United States for the construction of this
work.
I am glad that a sense of the impropriety of the
measure is manifested by so many Senators; and
1 am anxious that it should be discussed, in order
that we may come to a vote on it. I want to
know—(and I do not speak now as a party man—
I do not want to see how it will operate on the
two contending parties of the country)—I want to
ascertain whether such a system is likely to be
taken up and approved by the body of the people
throughout the United States, and by a majority
of the members of the two Houses of Congress.
I am opposed to it on the ground that it leads to
profligacy and waste of the public money, and
because there would be no end to it. No treasury
whatever would satisfy the extravagant demands
that would be made on it under such a system. I
repeat that I would like to know on what distinct
principle Senators could support this proposition,
except on theground that it is expedient to effect this
particular improvement. Suppose that the argument
is that this is an isolated work; that it will open a
very short passage between the two lakes, a passage
very important to the mining resources and copper
mines of Lake Superior—a distance of country
which appears to possess extraordinary mineral
riches, scarcely yet developed. If it be important
on that ground, why is it that precedency is given
to such a measure as this? Senators talk of the
embarrassment to the trade in transporting sup-
plies to the mines, if this passage is not made;
and in the transportation, again, of the products
of the miners'labor. In answer to this, 1 will
merely say, what is the difference in principle be-
tween giving $400,000 for the purpose of opening
this pass, and the construction of a railroad for the
purpose of connecting it directly with Lake Mich-
igan, or with some other point? There is no dif-
ference; the principle is the same; and the only
question is as to the power and the expediency.
The power and expediency is the same in the one
case as in the other, and on principle you might
as well vote for the one as for the other.
But the point to which I wished to call attention,
when I made this slight digression, was, that
there were older demands pending for nearly half
a century—demands that should have precedence
of this work. Who that litis any knowledge of
the manner in which commerce is going on m the
West, is not aware of the tax imposed on trans-
portation from the Upper to the Lower Ohio, and
from the Lower Ohio to New Orleans, and in-
deed on all the branches of the Mississippi,
amounting to hundreds of thousands of dollars;
indeed a million of dollars—half a million at least,
besides the incumbrance attending reshipment at
Louisville. Taking the amount for the whole
year—for at some periods it is only the smallest
class of boats which can pass, and in such cases
commerce is cut off altogether—I should suppose
that at least half a million of dollars would be a
moderate estimate for the tax imposed on the gen-
eral commerce on that river by the obstruction.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] can cor-
rect ine if I make an over-estimate.
Mr. BRIGHT. More than that.
Mr. BELL. The Senator from Indiana thinks
it is more than that; and F think so too. Then
look at the Muscle Shoals in the Tennessee river,
a river which I found, to my surprise, some few
years ago was scarcely known, but which is now
recognized as one of the greatest rivers of the
country, as broad as the lower part of the Ohio
itself, or nearly as broad, and yet so obstructed
that it is not even known to intelligent gentlemen
of the country, and members of the Senate and
House of Representatives.
The Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,]
the other day had much to say about the rich
copper mines of Michigan; but when you talk of
the discovery of rich mines, go up that river. I
know that this may appear to be somewhat like a
local allusion, but I merely state it m answer to
what was said, and to the glowing description
which was given by the Senator from Connecticut,
the other day, of the copper mines and the copper
ore of Lake Superior. Sir, you may have some
knowledge of the mineral riches of the waters of
Tennessee, after you pass the Cumberland mouth.
I know that rich copper mines have been discov-
ered in that river—riches that have been shut out
from the knowledge of the world, and much more
shut out from being carried to market by obstruc-
tions in our water-courses. And if it be any pre-
text for giving precedence to such a work, that
these copper mines have been discovered on Lake
Superior, I think that we have a much higher
claim; for copper mines are known to exist, and
coal mines, and iron, and other metals, and they
deserve to be noticed; and, if any section of the
country is to have the aid of the Government be-
cause of the existence of mines, I think the State
of Tennessee should have priority. The principle
and the objects would be the same in both cases,
and I can see no ground on which we can give
priority to this claim.
But again, Mr. President, I am greatly anxious
that we should do something for our rivers and
harbors in the West, and particularly in the North-
west. Blow is it that this bill is sought to be
pushed through in preference to other bills ? How
is it that the object here is sought to be made a
separate one and is not connected with a general
river and harbor bill? I am no advocate for the
practice of connecting a great number of measures
together and giving strength to the whole, while
in its separate parts it would have nothing but
weakness; but I appeal to Senators to say whether
that has not been the principle on which such meas-
ures have had to abide their fate, not only in the
House of Representatives, but also to some extent
m the Senate? Ay, sir, even the present session a
proposition was made to appropriate $50,000, not
for an original improvement in the navigation of
the Ohio river, but positively to remove a nuisance
created in the channel of that river by a former
appropriation, the former work of this Govern-
ment. And, sir, that proposition sleeps. The
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] took
that bill under his charge, and during the present
session has made some three or four distinct efforts
to obtain an appropriation for the removal of this
obstruction, or for repairing that work which the
Government had placed there by its prior action.
And yet, the Senate resisted that bill. On what
principle was it done? On the principle that it
must share the common fate of appropriations for
such purposes—on the principle that if a river and
harbor bill should not pass, that particular bill
should not pass. I will not undertake to say
whether the proposition now under consideration
can be discriminated from rivers and harbors, or
for removing obstructions in our rivers generally;
but I think it cannot. It is not an improvement of
a harbor; it is not for the removal of an obstruction
existing by nature or which may have been acci-
dentally thrown into the channel of a great water-
course, but for ihe construction of a canal between
two gieat lakes; to remove an obstruction origin-
ally placed there by nature. It is directly for an
appropriation for the construction of a canal, which
I say cannot be discriminated on principle, from a
general system of interal improvements which has
been advocated by some in former times.
I insist, therefore, that this work shall share the
fate of the Cumberland dam appropriation. If it
be a work which can be brought within the prin-
ciple of the river and harbor bill, let it be brought
in as one of the amendments to that bill. Let it
not be said that because these mines are so rich,
it is necessary that this work should be taken out
of the general principle. Perhaps these mines are
rich, but I have not the faith to believe that the
copper is twenty per cent, richer than other copper
that has been discovered, or will bear so much
greater stress or strain than the copper of other
mines. Nor do I believe that the iron found there
is thirty per cent, stronger than any other. T
have but little more faith in these reports than I
have in spirit rappings, and I cannot sa.y that I
have much in either. The one is about as mar-
velous to my mind as the other. The copper
mines may be rich, and I have no doubt that a
canal will be useful in promoting trade, manufac-
tures, ship-building, and other objects. 1 have no
doubt of that. But I want this bill to come up
where it can be discussed in connection with other
subjects which are analogous in principle. I want
to know whether it can be discriminated from the
principle which applies to the appropriations made
for the improvement of rivers and harbors. If it
properly comes under the general subject of im-
provements of the national rivers and harbors,
connected with the commerce of the country, and
stands upon the same footing that the improve-
ments in the harbors of the lakes or in the rivers
stand upon, let it go into that bill, and let all mat-
ters which stand upon the same principle be acted
upon together. If it cannot stand there let it fall.
Then, upon either ground, I see no propriety,
no demand in the public interest or the public
wants which requires that this bill should be hur-
ried through before the other.
I did not intend to make these remarks, as I did
not suppose that this bill was coming up this
morning under these circumstances. It certainly
involves all those principles which I have stated.
If no other Senator wishes to reply to what I have
stated I will move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Clarke] is entitled to the floor to-day
upon another subject; and I said to him this morn-
ing, that if this bill were taken up, and should
lead to debate, as far as my colleague and myself
were concerned, we would consent to postpone it
at the proper moment for him to go on. 1 desire
now to fulfill that promise.
Mr. CLARKE. I desire to get through with
the few remarks which I have to make in contin-
uation of what I said yesterday; but personally I
am not in a great hurry. If the honorable Sena-
tor prefers to go on now for a short time, I have
no objection.
Mr. CASS. It would be better to pass the hill
oyer informally, and let the Senator proceed with
his remarks.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be passed over.
The Senator from Rhode Island has the floor, not
having finished the speech which he commenced
yesterday.
Mr. SMITH. I wish merely to suggest to the
consideration of the Senate, that whenever we
take this matter up, I really think it ought to be
finished. If the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island desires to go on with his remarks now, I
would prefer to have the bill postponed; but when-
ever we do take it up, I hope the Senate will fin-
ish it.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope my friend from Ten-
nessee will not intimate any purpose to move to
lay the bill upon the table. 1 hope it will be per-
mitted to take as wide a range of debate as any
other subject in this body.
Mr. BELL. I have not made the motion.
Mr. CASS. I also hope that a wide range of
debate will be permitted on the bill; and I merely
wish now to say, that the honorable Senator from
Tennessee has, in my opinion, totally mistaken
the ground of the bill. It has no connection with
the system of internal improvements at all; and I
think we who are in favor of the bill, can satisfac-
torily show that to be the case. For the purpose
of permitting the Senator from Rhode Island to
proceed with his remarks, I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES C, WATSON.
Mr. WADE. I move to reconsider the vote on
; the passage of the bill for the relief of the legal
! representatives of James C. Watson, which was
■ passed yesterday. I do it because I wish my col-
; league to have an opportunity to express his views
| upon the bill. I do not propose now to discuss it,
: but merely make the motion, and let it lie on the
1 table.
, The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ohio
j moves to reconsider the vote on the passage of the
i bill, and also that that motion lie on the table.
Mr. WADE. I will state that that bill passed
. this body under peculiar circumstances. It is a
j bill of some considerable importance, on account
of the amount appropriated by it. It passed this
. body without any investigation whatever, while, I
understand, there are many documents and much
i evidence that should be traveled through carefully
, and investigated before any one can determine
I whether the claim is well grounded or not.
I Mr. RUSK. Is the proposition that the motion
I to reconsider lie on the table?
i The PRESIDENT. It is. The Senator from
I Ohio must withdraw the latter motion which he
made, or he cannot enter into a discussion upon
the subject.
Mr. WADE. I do not propose to discuss the
merits of the bill, but simply wish to say that the
Senate are aware that it passed under peculiar cir-
cumstances, and without investigation, but that it
did undergo considerable investigation in the other
House, and was not there considered a claim so
