THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS FOR THIS SESSION.
32b Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 29, 1852.
New Series.....No; 122.
plain as to be passed without investigation. 1
know my colleague has prepared himself with an
elaborate argument upon the subject, and I know
also that he has come to the conclusion that the
claim is not well founded. 1 do not clatm to have
investigated it so as to be prepared to take it up
now. { have not had the means to do it; but from
what I have heard roy colleague say, from his in-
vestigations 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will have to
ask the Senator again, whether lie withdraws his }
proposition to lav the motion to reconsider on the
table?
Mr. WADE, f have got through with what I
wished to say. The bill"passed under such cir-
cumstances that I think ray colleague should have
sin opportunity to make his objections known to
the Senate. If the claim is weil founded, of course
it wili pass; if not, it ought to be rejected.
Mr. CHARLTON. 1 rise to a question of or- i
der—whether a motion to reconsider can be made
by any one who did not vote with the majority
to pass the bill ?
The PRESiDENT. Certainly not
Mr. CHAULTGN. Then I ask, whether the
Senator from Ohio voted in favor of.the passage of
the bill?
Mr. WADE. I did not. 1 voted against its
passage.
The PRESIDENT. Then the Senator cannot
make the motion to reconsider the vote. The mo-
dem must come from one who voted in the ma-
jority.
Mr. WADE. I voted with the minority.
The PRESIDENT. Then the motion to recon-
sider cannot be entertained.
THE BOUNDARY" COMMISSIONER.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the res-
olution submitted by Mr. Weller, on the 28th
of June, for the appointment of a select commit-
tee of five, to investigate the charges preferred by
Colonel J. McClellan, against John R. Bartlett,
Commissioner to run and mark the boundary line jj
between the United States and Mexico. ! j
Mr. CLARKE concluded his defense of Mr. ,,
Bartlett, and explanations were made by Mr. b
Ws.li.lr.. [Mr. C.'s speech will be found in the jj
Appendix.]
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the resolution lie |
on the table, for the purpose of submitting a mo- j
tion that the Indian appropriation bill be taken i
up. ]
The motion was agreed to. . ]
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE. \
A message was received from the House of i
Representatives, by Mr. Hives, its Chief Clerk, j
announcing that it had passed a joint resolution j
providing for the distribution of the laws of Con- j
gresfj, and the debates thereon. j
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BII.I,. j
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate pro- j
ceed to the consideration of the bill from the House i
of Representatives, " making appropriations for i
«the current and contingent expenses of the In- :
'dian Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu- j
' iations with the various Indian tribes, for the j
' year ending June 30, 1853." It is not my pur- '
pose to go into it this evening, but I wish to have !
it pending when the Senate adjourns to-day, in
order tha^it may be the first business in order to- |
motrow after the morning hour.
Tlte motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the ,
Whole. ;
On motion, the Senate adjourned. ,
the public lands to the States of Florida and Ala-
bama, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads, was rejected when last under consideration.
A motion was entered to reconsider the vole by
which the bill was rejected, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table. The question upon
the latter motion is the first business m order, it
having been postponed until to-day.
On motion by Mr. WATIC1NS, by unanimous
consent, it was
Onlei nf, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the Hou-e the petition and pnper? of Daniel Witt, lor
the |Hi i jio-e of transferring tlietlito the proper department—
the Pension Ofliee.
On motion by Mr. SCHERMERHORN, by
unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be discharged
from the farther consideration of the petitions and pipers of
David Bell, and of George S. Ciaflin, and ih:it thev lie sev-
erally referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
POST ROUTE BH,L.
Mr. OLDS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that I may withdraw the report, which
I made yesterday, from the Committee on the >
Post Office and Post Roads—being the post route i
bill—in order that the committee may add to it i
such amendments as may be thought desirable, so I
as to avoid the necessity of sucli amendments be- i
mg made when it comes before the House. I think-
there can be no objection.
No objection was made, and the report was J
withdrawn. !
Mr. OLDS. I give notice to the members of j
the House, that the report will be in the room of ;
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads '
during the day, and I hope each member will ex- |
amine it, and see that his route or routes are in it.
Mr, MOltEHEAD. When will the committee :
report? _ j
Mr. OLDS. To-morrow morning. j
RAILROAD IN FLORIDA AND ALABAMA. j
The SPEAKER. The business before the j
House is a motion to lay upon the table the mo- |
(ion to reconsider the vote by which the bill was j
i laid upon the table, "granting the right of way
i and a portion of the public lands to the States of
j Florida and Alabama for the construction of cer-
: tain railroads in said States."
Mr. SMART. I move that there be. a call of
the House.
The question was taken on the motion, and it
was agreed to.
The roll was then called through, and also the
names of the absentees.
Mr. ROBBINS. I would inquire of the Chair
if there is a quorum voting?
The SPEAKER.. There is a quorum—one
hundred and forty members having answered to
their names.
Mr. ROBBINS. Then I move that all further
proceedings under the cull be dispensed with.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
laying upon the table the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill which has been heretofore
referred to, was rejected.
Mr. SMART. Upon that question I demand
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have al-
ready been ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was dcci-
.> •  . .,r, i. 7.1 notioi 7Q no fr M rnusj •
sell, Bras?, ISrenton, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, George H.
Brown, ita<*l y, E. Uarrin«ton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis 0.
.Campbell,-T. Campbell, Chandler, Clark,Clmgman, Oihb,
Dean, Disney, Dockory, Doty, Durkeo, Eastman, Fitch,
Florence, Gentry, Goodrich, Green, Hart, Haven, Hend-
ricks, Henn. Horsford, Houston, Howard, John W. Howe,
Jackson, James Johnson, John Johnson, ftotjert W. John-
son, Jvuhus, Landry, Mace, Jturiiphrey Marsha!!, McNair,
! Miller, Molnny, Henry 1). Moore, John Moore, Nafaers-,
: OWN, Outlaw. Pemi, Penmman, Phelps, Polk, Porter,
| Puce, Koine, Sackelt, Schermerhorn, Scurry, Smith, Stau-
j !v, Benjamin Stanton, A. P. Stephen*, St. Martin, Stroth-
et, Stuart, Tavlor, Wal^li, Ward, Watkins, Welch, Addi-
5 son White, Wsteox, Williams, and Yates—70.
i So the motion to reconsider was not laid upon
| the table.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
reconsidering the vote by which the bill was re-
jected.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. Has the previous ques-
tion been called upon that?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the previous
question.
The House was divided upon seconding; the de-
mand for the previous question; and there were
72 in the affirmative; when
Mr. STUART demanded tellers; which were
ordered: and Messrs. Penn and Caldwell were
appointed.
The House was again divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes noes not counted.
So the previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. STANTON", of* Ohio. I voted on the mo-
tion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table,
under a misapprehension. f ask the unanimous
consent of the House to change my vote from the
affirmative to the negative. It will make no dif-
ference in the resultof the vote.
No objection was offered, and the change was
made.
Mr. SMART. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were
yeas 70, nnys 76, as follows:
yICA^— Willis Allen, nis?<i!, John H. Boyd,
ttrass, Brenton, Brines, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, George
H. Bonvn, ft. (Jarn'natoii Cabell. Caldwell, I<ewi* 1).
Campbell, Chandler, Clark, Clinjiman, Gobi), Di*nev,
Doekerv, Dorv, Duncan, Durkee. Kdgetton, Fitch, Flor-
ence, Henry M. Fuller. Gentry, Coorfuoh, Hart, llaven,
flenn, Hou'-ion, Uovvatd. John W Howo, Jackson, James
Johnson. John Johnson, Robeit W Johnson, Kuhns Lan-
div, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, M< Nair, Miller, Miner,
Moiony, Ilemv I*- Moore, John Moore, Nabei<,
Outlaw, Venn, Pennwnan. Phelps Poller, Price, Sackeff,
Seheunerhoin. ^curider, ^euny. Smith, Stanly, Benjamin
Stanton, Alnaham P. Stephen*. St. Maiim, Siroihor, ritu
art Tavloi, WkMi, Waul, Watkins Welch, Addison
i White. Wilro\, Wilh.ims and Yale*—-76.
; XAVS—Me<-rs. Aiken, Allison, John Appleton, Ashe,
Babcock, Barrere, Bilughaus, Boeock, Bro< kutndee, Jo-
seph Cable, Ca^kie, Chapman, Chaplain, Chuiclnveli,
Cleveland, Cullom, Cuitts Damul, Dawson. Dean, Ditn-
nuf k, Dunham, JSdmumSon, Fowler, ThouusJ. T). t« ul-
l«.|, Gamble, Cavhml, Gidihnjre, Goodewiw, Gicen, Grey,
Hamilton. Mm per, Miam G. Harris. Ha«eall, ttebard, lliil-
vei, Iloll-ulav, Horslord, Thomas M. Howe, Tltomas Y.
rrovv, Hnniei, Andrew Johnson, Oeoi^e W. fones, J.
Glaney Jones, Geo. G. Kui^i. I'reston Tjetth-
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 27, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M Butler.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The bill of the House, No.
271, to grant the right of way and a portion of
i %-z
ded in the negative—yeas 74, nays 79—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, J. Appleton. Ashe,Kab-
coek, Barrerc, BiMghaus, Bocovk, John h.Boyd, Breefc-
unrwlge. Joseph Cable. Casktc, Chapman, Cha-tain, Cleve-
land,"Curti=, !>arl\v, Dawson, Dimmick, Duncan, Gdgrrton,
Edmundson. Faulkner, Fowler, Tlios. J. D. Fuller, Oam-
ton Km". Kurrr,, hetcher, Mann. Martin, Ma^on, McLana-
han MeQ.uecii, MilKon, Morehead, Newton, Hamuel W.
parker Peikin^, RuldU:,rJobbtns Scudder, David L Sey-
mour Ori'*eti S. rtevttmur, Skelton, Smart, Rielutrd ir.
Stanton, Thaddeu^ St.'ven^, Stratton. Surhoiland, Tliur-*-
ton, Townshcnd, Walbndge, Wallace, Washburn, and
\Y ildne l{—*74«
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Alien, William Appleton, Bis-
er" Mann, Marnn, Ma^on, MeLanalian, MeMulhn, Mill-
son, Morehead, Samuel W Parkci, Tea<lee, Perkins, Polk,
Savajrc, David [-■ Sevmour, Origen S. feevmom,
Skellon, Sm.?rt, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeu-< Stevens,
Stialtou, Sutherland, Thuwtou, Townsliend, V\ albndgn,
Wallace, W.t^bburu. and Wildriek—7C.
There being a tie vote, the Speaker voted in the
negative; so the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the hill was rejected did not prevail.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Has not the
morning hour expired 3
The SPEAKER, it has.
Mr. CAMPIJELL, of Illinois. When ray
name was called upon the last vote, I stated that
f did not understand the question. Befoie, and
when the vote was announced, I was enaaged in
conversation. ( ask the consent of the House to
leeord my vote.
[Cries " 1 object!" "I object!" all over the
House.]
OBTTUA.RY NOTICES.
Mr. STYNTON, of Kentucky. I desire to
make a report from the Committee oil Piinting.
