1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Speaker. There are more than a hundred opera-
tives at present employed in the public printing
office. Take this work from the contractor, turn
these one hundred men into the street, ruin the con-
tractor, if you will, but for what purpose? To get
the work better done? What assurance have you
of it? Have you any assurance that if you give
the work to the gentlemen who have been named
by the Committee on Printing, it will be better
done or sooner done than it would be bv the public
printer? Have the Joint Committee on Printing,
m the contract they have made with these gentle-
men, fixed the time within which documents shall
be furnished to the House? If they have not—if
no such assurance has been given, what are we
to gain ? What is the country to gain? What is
to be accomplished by turning A. Boyd Hamilton
into the street, and closing up his printing officer
I have myself ascertained, from personal obser-
vation, or rather investigation, that the public
printer has press power equal to 1,500,000 pages
per day, and that he is now putting an additional
press into operation. This proves to my mind
that he intends to do the work, and that he bid for
it in good faith. I consider the opposition to his
continuance in the performance of the work to be
almost, if not quite, persecution. It has impaired
his credit; it has prevented him fiom opeuttingas
effectually and efficiently as he would have done;
and hence has retarded him in the desirable ac-
complishment of a more speedy and faithful per-
formance of his contract. This is a reasonable
and a fair conclusion. I asserted yesterday,upon
this floor, and I now repeat it, that a paper manu-
facturer in Philadelphia, induced no doubt by the
fact that there had been a doubt thrown, in the
early part of the session, upon the capability of
the public printer to fulfill his contract, had
written to me to know what situation the public
printing was in, and whether Hamilton's credit
was good, based, beyond a question, upon his con-
tract for the performance of the public printing.
This gentleman was willing to sell paper to Ham-
ilton upon a fair credit, if he was assured that he
would proceed to fulfill his contract, and that he
would be continued in the execution of the public
work by the House. Well, sir, if gentlemen are
not to have credit who offer to do thepublic work,
and if the contract system is to be continued, you
build up a privileged class in this community,
and in this nation, that I am not willing to sustain
by my vote in this House. It will require, as was
said by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gor-
man,] yesterday, a millionaire to come here, and
submit a contract for the public printing.
Mr. POLK. Who is he?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not know. But the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman*] said yes-
terday, if I understood him, that a man ought not
to attempt to do the public punting, unless he had
capital; that a man could not pretend to do it upon
reasonable business ci edit.
Mr. GORMAN. Unless he had capital, I said.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, a millionaire has
some capital.
Mr. GORMAN. I said that the public printer
could not perform his contract and pay the losses
he would incur under it unless he had a millionaire
at his back.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, it requires cred-
it—reasonable business, commercial credit. I do
not accuse the members of the Committee on
Printing—God forbid that I should !—of any mi-
proper motives; but the fact stares us in the face,
that, from the first moment this contract was en-
tered into up to this very hour, there seems to
have been a systematic detraction of the public
printer; he, and indeed the nation having heard it
universally, proclaimed that he was unable to
perform his contract, notwithstanding every fact
is adduced to (he contrary.
I have not time, however much I may have the
inclination, to follow the subject further. My
time, I regret to say, is nearly out, or I would
refer more at length to the advantages to the coun-
try which, I conceive, would be obtained by the
establishment of a national printing office. It
would elevate and dignify the industrial labor of
the nation; it would insure to those who toil—the
"toiling millions," sir, m the language of the
resolution of the Printers'Union, which I have
read to the House—their true position in society,
and a fair compensation for labor in every useful
occupation. This is the "good time coming,"
which I desire may soon arrive. I am, I am free
to acknowledge it, in favor of that kind of legisla-
tion which will promote the happiness of the
masses of society, especially of the working class.
But I am admonished, sir, that I have but a mo-
ment longer. I hope, earnestly hope, the subject
of a national printing office may be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and that they will,
at an early day, 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POLK. I am very sorry to interrupt the
gentleman from Pennsylvania in the progress of
remarks so interesting to himself, and I presume
to the House also. It is not my purpose or ob-
ject to discuss the question of public printing. I
do not desire, nor will I so far forget my allegiance
to Democracy—my allegiance to principle—as to
follow or answer the argument which was iilegit-  
imately used this morning by the gentleman from :
Mississippi, [Mr. Hroivn,] when he warned us
that men have a power in the South, and that
they will exercise that power, to control the Dem-
ocratic party. Sir, when he comes here to tell
the Democratic party, in whose soul, 1 believe,
virtue dwells—when he comes to tell us that his
party m the South will exercise a controlling in- !
fluence, I say to him that he may form a Union
party with the Free-Soilers. I say to him, and
to other gentlemen, that I have been a Democrat
as long as they have. If they intend—coming
either from the North or the South, I care not
which—to exercise an influence which will de-
stroy the Democratic party; if they intend to per-
form such an outrage as that upon the party, I
want them to proclaim it like men, and I shall be
ready, as I am at this moment, to uphold the pil-
lars of the Constitution, and to denounce those
' that prowl upon the outskirts of the camp, be they
1 who they may. I have endeavored to be concil-
i latory; I have endeavored to harmonizeour party,
! as far as any expression of sentiment upon my
part could do it; hut do not ask me to fraternize,
to coalesce, and to sympathize with men who
stand ready to stab the party, and bring about its
dissolution. When the gentleman from Missis-
sippi makes this threat upon us, he must under-
stand that there is a ponderous arm in the party,
that is for the safety of the nation, and that that
ponderous aim will be found to battle against him.
But I am diverging into a discussion of matters
that, I suppose, ought to be discussed in caucus,
and I shall therefore abandon them; I do not con-
sider it proper to introduce any of these irritating
questions into Congress.
But about this question of public printing—is
there a member here—and I will pause for a
reply—is theie a single member here, even the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,]
m whose peculiar keeping Mr. Hamilton seems to
have placed himself 
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh no, not at all, sir.
Mr. POLK. If the gentleman is not his keep-
er, I am glad of it, because I think he would oe
very badly taken care of.
Mr. FLORENCE. I only desire that the House
should arrhe at a proper conclusion, and that the
public printing should be properly executed. I
have no especial partiality for Mr. Hamilton. I
only wish that he may have justice done him—
nothing more. This is the leason why, almost
without conversation with Mr. Hamilton, 1 have
entered into this debate—indeed, I may say, into
his defense. I do not, however, assume to be his
defender. I am for the establishment of a national
printing office.
Mr. POLK. Is that a public document which
you hold in your hand, or is it the work of the
public printer ?
Mr. FLOP ENCE. By accident, I have this sa-
cred book (the Bible) in my hand, having brought
it to my seat from the Speaker's table, this morn-
ing, for peiusal. I think it would be very much
better if some of us would consult it more than
we do. If it would not be improper, I might, per-
haps, read to the House a passage from it that
would be pertinent to this occasion.
Mr. POLK. I would say to the gentleman, in
the language of Scripture, " Go and sin no more."
[Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Let me, in all candor, sin-
cerity, and humility inform the gentleman—and 1
do so with a full knowledge of my accountability
to the " Giver of all good," that exalted Being who
holds the destinies of our great Republic "in the
hollow of his hands"—that I never sit down to
the perusal of this sacred book but with pleasure,
nor rise from it but with profit and advantage.
My friendly advice to the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Polk] is, " Go thou and do likewise."
Mr. POLK. Mr. Speaker, thegentleman from
Mississippi, in answer to a remark made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rantoul,]
said : " Upon the great issues which unite us as
Democrats, we work together." Now, I wish to
know if the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] stands this hour, shoulder to shoulder,
with a man from Massachusetts who would steal
our negroes if he had a chance? I say this, and
take the full responsibility that follows it. I wish
to know of thegentleman from Mississippi whether
this be true ? The gentleman from Massachusetts
will permit me to say that his opinions are upon
the records of the country, as proclaimed in his
speeches, and he will therefore allow me to put
the question to the gentleman from Mississippi,
whether he to-day stands side by side with tne
gentleman from Massachusetts?
Mr. BROWN. I said yesterday, and I repeat
it to-day, that upon the old issues of the Demo-,
cratic party, I do recognize the gentleman from
Massachusetts; but 1 need not answer the gentle-
man when he asks me whether I coalesce with
that gentleman upon the question of slavery. He
knows very well, without asking, and without my
answering, that I do not.
Mr. POLK. The gentleman says he does not
coalesce with the gentleman from Massachusetts
upon the question of slavery. Why, sir, those
two gentlemen are found voting together in this
House upon questions which agitate the harmony,
and, if you choose, the power of the Democratic
party.
Mr. RANTOUL. I wish to interrupt the gen-
tleman, not because I think it necessary upon my
own account to notice the remarks he has made,
but because it is right that the House should
be informed upon this historical fact relating to
the position of parties and members upon this
floor. I therefore ask the gentleman to produce
the record upon which he founds his charge against
me.
Mr. POLK. What are my charges ?
Mr. RANTOUL. I understood the gentleman
say that I stood upon the record in a peculiar
position, of which I am not at all conscious.
Mr. POLK. I will answer the gentleman's
interrogatories plainly. If he claims to be a Demo-
crat, I claim to act not in the same fold, not in the
same party with the gentleman. I say to him,
that I understand he was elected to this House as
a Free-Soiler; and I believe that any gentleman
who would prostitute himself to such a miserable
sympathy with Abolitionists, would steal a negro.
Mr. RANTOUL. The last remark of the gen-
tleman I shall not notice; but that preceding it,
which I suppose he stated as a matter of fact, I
think I ought to notice. The gentleman says he
understands I come here elected as a Free-Soiler
by the Free-Soil party, if I understand his words,
Nosv,sir,i come here nominated unanimously by
the old line Democratic party of my district in
the fullest caucus that has been held for many
years for the purpose of making a nomination. I
come here unanimously nominated, m the first
place, by a convention composed of delegates from
the different towns; and in the second place, unani-
mously by a mass convention to which every
Democrat in the district was invited. I desire, in
the next place, to say, that I have never accepted
the nomination of a Free-Soil party in my life;
but have kept strictly within the old Democratic
organization. The Free-Soil party have voted for
me, and I am proud to receive their votes.
Mr. POLK. Oh, yes; I do not doubt that.
Mr. DUNHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. POLK. I cannot yield further.
Mr. RANTOUL. I desire to say further; first,
particularly to thegentleman from Tennessee,and
next, to any other gentleman who may choose to
assume the same position with him, that he does
not desire to hold fellowship with me upon this
floor as a Democrat, that it is a matter for his
own option entirely. It is not a matter for me to
decide whether he and I shall act in the same po-
litical oarty, or continue on board the same polit-
ical ship. If he decides that we shall not remain
together, it is for him to step out of the party
