ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
. Mr. CLEVELAND. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has, and the gentleman
from Kentucky (Mr. Stanton] presents a reso-
lution fmm the Committee on Printings which will
be read. . _ .
The resolution was then read as follows:
Resolved, That the proceedings of the House and Sen-
ate oil the <leath oiTieitry Clay, ordered by this House, and
now itx the. process of publication, be bound under the ex-
Ktingreontraet'tbr printing.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say in explana-
tion of this-resoiution, that the book will make
something over one hundred and fifty pages. It
is less "in size than the restrictions'placed upon
books which "are to be bound, under .a resolution
of the House some time since, hence the necessity
of a resolution to obtain authority to bind it under
the existing contract for printing. ' It will be pub-
lished very neatly.'
Mr. KING, of New York. What will it cost?
Mr. STANTON. About one shilling.
The question -was taken on the resolution, and
it was'agreed to.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of tlie-W)io!e 011
the state of the Union.
The question was put and the motion was agreed
to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Oi.us in the chair,) and-proceeded to the
consideration of House bill No. 282, making ap-
propriations for certain rivers and harbors.
The CHAIRMAN. When the Committee
rose 011 yesterday the questions pending were, the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb,] malting appropriation for the Tennessee
river, and the amendment to that amendment, of-
ferd by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dun-
ham,] making an appropriation for a ship canal
around the falls upon the Indiana side.
Before proceeding to the consideration of the
pending amendments, the Chair asks the indul-
gence of the committee to state, in advance, a de-
cision which he feels himself called upon to make,
relative to the further consideration of this bill.
And, inasmuch as this decision will be an inno-
vation upon the practice of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, he announces
it in advance, that no member of the committee,
when called to order under it, may suppose the
Chair peisonal or invidious, and that the com-
mittee, by an examination of the question, may
be prepared to sustain or overrule the Chair.
The last clause of the 136th rule provides for
discharging the Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union " from the further considera-
' tion of any bill referred to it, after acting, icith-
' out debate, on all amendments pending, or that
' may be offered.!5 The Chair holds that this rule
not only absolutely precludes all discussion upon
the merits and dements of the bill, but that it also
forbids ull debate upon the pending amendments,
and that if there was no other rule, making an
exception, the committee would be compelled to
vote upon all pending, or amendments to be of-
fered, without discussion.
The 34th role makes the exception; but being
an exception, it must receivea strict construction.
It is as follows:
•' Any member shall bo allowed in committee five min-
ute* to explain any amendment lie mav ofiVr; afterwluch,
any member first obtaining the fioor'shal! he allowed to
speak live minutes m opposition to the amendment."
The Chair will feei himselfboundtogive astriet
construction to this rule; and will hold, that all
remarks upon the general merits of the bill will be
out of order as "explaining" an amendment, and
that all remarks touching the demerits of the bill
will be out of order as opposing an amendment.
If the committee sustain this decision, the busi-
ness of the session will be greatly expedited, and
whether they do or not, the Chairwill feel that in
making the decision lie has discharged his duty.
ihe question is upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham;] and on
that amendment tellers hare been ordered.
Messrs. Stevens of Pennsylvania, and' John-
son of Arkansas, were appointed as tellers.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 12, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
apon the following amendment, proposed by the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb:]
" For surveying and improving the Tennessee river,
{£25,000 below, and .§50,000 above, the Muscle Shoals in
said river."
Mr. COBB. I demand tellers upon that amend-
ment.
Tellers were, not ordered ; and the question be-
ing put, the amendment was rejected.
Mr: SIBLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment: "
For the,survey of the Mississippi-river between Fort
Snelling mid the Falls of St. Anthony, and also above Hie
Falls'ot' Si. Anthony, with special reference to the im-
provement of Sauk and Pike rapids, $5,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have offered this amendment,
not pro forma, for the purpose of making a five
minutes speech, but in good faith, and with an
earnest desire that it will be adopted. Sir, it may
be said by the Committee on Commerce who re-
ported the bill now before you, that the necessity
for theappropriation asked for has not been pressed
before that committee. That is true; bat it was
no fault of mine that the subject introduced by
meas an independent proposition, was not allowed
to take the usual course, but was ordered to be
referred to another committee. Had not that been
the case, I can assure the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, that he would not
have escaped repeated visitations from me, with a
view to secure his good offices in behalf of the
small appropriation I now ask for, and its incor-
poration into the river and harbor bill.
• Mr. Chairman, it is of very great importance to
the Territory of Minnesota, that a survey should
be made of the Mississippi river, immediately
below the Falls of St. Anthony, as well r.s above
that point. A report from a competent officer,
based upon actual survey, will determine the
mooted point, whether that river can be made safe-
ly navigable at a low stage of water from Port
Snelling to the Falls. As a matter of justice to
large numbers of our citizens, a proper examina-
tion should be made without delay under the au-
thority of Congress. The river above the Falls
needs some improvement, in the removal of bowl-
ders in the channel, and particularly in the dis-
placement of the rocks-atSauk and Pike rapids,
but for which impediments in the navigation,
steamers might run from the Palls of St. Anthony
to Pockegoma Palls, a distance of nearly four hun-
dred miles. A part of the country through which
the Mississippi runs above the rapids mentioned,
as well as below them, cannot be surpassed for
beauty and fertility, and the removal of the ob-
structions in that stream would be incalculably
beneficial to the whole of the upper part of the
Territory. The Government would also be ben-
efited by the increase in the sales of land, which
would necessarily follow any measure adding to
the facilities of intercommunication, like that an-
ticipated by my amendment. I hope the small
appropriation embraced in it will be granted, that
Congress may obtain the requisite information as
to tlie sum necessary to be expended for the im-
provement of the Mississippi within the limits of
Minnesota. Inasmuch as the sum embraced in
my amendment for a like purpose was included in
the river and harbor bill which passed the House
during the last Congress, and as the present bill
contains not one dollar of appropriation for Min-
nesota, I ask the committee to vote for my propo-
sition.
Mr. NEWTON. I am opposed to this amend-
ment because I am in favor of the bill. For the
amendment, if adopted, is calculated to weaken the
prospect of passing the bill. Every independent
amendments calculated to have that effect. For
each one that has been offered and rejected has equal
merit with the one now offered. If amendments that
materially increase the amount of the bill be adopt-
ed, it opens the way for the whole class that have
been so long neglected, that the amount would
affrighten the friends of the bill, and thereby de-
feat the object. I would vote for the amendment
if it could pass; so I would for those that have
been rejected.
Improvement of rivers and harbors is one of
the most important subjects. It has been neglect-
ed and its policy doubted for the last fourteen
years, until that-which had before been done has
dilapidated and gone to decay to such an extent
that the sacrifice of life and property has aroused
public opinion sufficient to command public action.
The bill is entirely too inadequate for the wants
—too long neglected—of this great country. But
we are near the close of the session, and have no
time to mature a bill adequate in all ils parts to all
our wants and necessities. 1 would rote for it if it
contained-but onesingleappropriation of the num-
ber it now contains; for by it we should revive the
policy so long withheld, that the power is denied,
i would support it because it is offered by the
Democratic party, who heretofore hare denied its
exercise in any practical manner. I would sup-
port it because it commits the incoming Adminis-
tration, whom in a certain event, without that
committal, I fear would block it. But last, and
most of all, I would support it because the coun-
try and our best interest imperiously call for and
demand it. I presume every member has some
favorite amendment he would be glad to havf>
adopted, but because he cannot obtain it, no friend
of the measure will oppose it. The lake shore in
northern Ohio is poorly provided for. Ashtabula,
a point that has an appropriation, but since the
bill has been reported, the harbor has received an
injury that requires the amount to be increased.
Conneaut, a harbor equally important with
Ashtabula, and in the neighborhood, has receiver!
nothing, and will probably be ruined in the course
of another year, without an appropriation. To
save it, it will be necessary to take some portion
from the others and apply to this, and by it the
amount will not be increased. Small as this bill
is, there is probably as much as will be used be-
fore we meet again in December,
There has been expended upon Lake Erie, in
northern Ohio, from 1826 up to 1838, (he following-
sums in the different years. Until that time no
appropriation had been made by the General Gov-
ernment in the State of Ohio:
00 TO tJC' OO GO <X> Ot CD X OO 30 OC 05
M MJ U w W U W K; (O W lO
© <0 05 ©5
"efejin
CCCOl
■*Otn to ©«►■
00 o c
o>o:
occ
1
©CJi SfS CO
CO -T OV ti>
"^'""©".U 00 *©
tDOCOfi © i
►— O © ® O CO
© © © © © to
© © © © © ©
©'tis, olotl
© — -Si ■ o O O ~-t I
© © © escwo
JX. v< w
"© ell
-> ST: p —
CO WA-
c © © © 1
©> © ©
© ©
© ©
~cc
Cft 1
© -1
Year.
Grand river.
Cleveland.
Ashtabula cr'k.
Black nver.
Conneaut river,
CunninghMn
croek.
a © .
© © 1
OS © ©
Sandusky Bay.
OO-WCC — ©©COtO—-OJO©
M>5.TW-WOOt !'iC©C«
tst
(s.
In 1844 there was appropriated to Grand river
$10,000, to Cleveland $25,000, to Huron river
|5,000, to Ashtabula creek $5,000, to Conneaut
river $5,000, to Sandusky bay $15,000, in all
$65,000. Lake Erie may be said to be the great
outlet to western trade and business.
From the foregoing appropriations the following
