1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1939
harbors were begun: at Conneaut the improve-
ment was begun m 1823; the river was then ob-
structed by a. bar* and frequently nearly dry, and
rarely more than two feet of water; but since the
pier has been begun a depth of from ten to eleven
feet can be carried from the lake into the river,
and after entering the river it is sufficiently deep
for half a mile. This harbor is now the boundary
line between Pennsylvania and Ohio, and accom-
modates both States, The whole amount appro-
priated from 1829 to 1844 is §48,305, and the com-
merce of the harbor in 1846 was $380,475. At
Ashtabula §69,149 has been expended. When
the work was begun not more than three feet of
water could be commanded at the enhance; now
it is adequate for ths first class steamers one and
a half miles, and the commerce m 1846 was
$891,584. Cunningham river received appropri-
ations from 1856 to 1838 to the amount of ft*2S,6(i8 
from which appropriations very considerable busi-
ness sprung up, ware-houses were built, and pro-
duce landed; but in 1838 it was reported against
by the Government commissioner, as not being;
sufficiently large to come within the constitutional
provision, and it has been permitted to dilapidate.
Grand river harbor is one of great safety.
When the improvement commenced the river was
obstructed by a bar; at first there were only six
feet of water, now there are eleven. It is navi-
gable two miles. The commerce of 1846 was
$891,584
Cleveland, by reason of these improvements,
has become of great importance. When the im-
provement began, the river was obstructed by a
bar, and occasionally nearly dry; now ten feet
of water can be commanded. The commerce of
1846 was $12,559,100; the whole amount appro-
priated is $149,413-
Black river is navigable for about four miles; at
first obstructed by a bar, and sometimes dry, am!
now nine feet of water. Its commerce in 1S46
was $215,040.
Vermillion, by reason of these appropriations,
has become an important point; at first, not more
than three feet of water, now from six to nine.
Commerce of 1846, $137,770.
Huron is also an important harbor, at first ob-
structed by a bar, and sometimes dry; now ten
feet of water.
Sandusky is a very important harbor, and in an
unfinished state. Its commerce in 1846 was
$5,943,177.
Upon this lake is employed, in connection with
more northern lakes, 160,520.71 tonnage of ship-
ping. The commerce of these harbors, in 184C,
was $21,018,730. At most, oral! of these harbors,
are light-houses, warehouses, and other conve-
nient buildings for the transaction of an extensive
business with the surrounding country. In all
instances the sums appropriated were insufficient
to complete the work according to the original de-
sign, and for want of subsequent appropriations
to finish and repair, they have been, and are now,
in a dilapidated condition, toy means of which, in
many instances, there is great loss of lives and
capital. By reason of the harbor at Cleveland,
mainly,it has advanced from a common village to
he the second city in the State, and bids fair to be
among the first in the Union. Sandusky, Pames-
ville, Ashtabula, and Conneaut, from the same
causes, have advanced from small villages to citics
and towns of much commercial importance.
By these Governmental appropriations a large
amount of capital and shipping has been invested,
which is now suffering immensely from the want
of the continuation of the same policy, by which
it was invited and encouraged.
I hold that the Government, by having com-
menced this policy, and invited the investment of
millions of money and employment, of hands,
are now bound, by every consideration of policy
and humanity, to continue it. No country under
heaven suffers so much as ours from a vascillating
policy.
From 1826 to 1838 this policy was pursued from
year to year, until our lakes and rivers were cov-
ered with ships, and our shores with cities and
villages; and ail at once it was unconstitutional
and impolitic to continue it, and, with the single
exception of 1S44, all appropriations have been
withheld, and by it the country clad in mourning.
No interest so much neglected, the consequence
of which is so fatal to our prosperity.
By this bill, many of the most important places
, are provide! for, others are not. it is (he product
of minds entertaining various views of policy and
expediency, designed as an introduction of that
neglected yet not abandoned policy, undet which
our country so much flourished. Let us not ex-
tinguish the feeble light, but nurse it as a precur-
sor of that which is to come. The amendment ;
now sought is one among the many means cal- \
culated, but not designed, to defeat the object. At i
no period of our Government has the passage of ,
a bill of this character been of more importance, 1
or more ominous m its eiTects and consequences.
Both of the great political parties of the country i
are its advocates and suppoiters, and the country ,
acquiesces and demands it.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Sjbiey was rejected.
Mr. CURTIS proposed to amend the bill, by !
inserting the following, viz:
For removing ob&tiucuons m the Allega^, ^13,000. i
Mr. CURTIS. This amendment proposes to j
appropriate a small sum for the removal of ob- i
struetions winch now impede the navigation of !
the Allegany river. This river might be made J
navigable at a very moderate cost from its junc- i
uon with the Ohio to the New York improvements, |
thereby affording, after the completion of the Gen- I
esee valley canal, a continuous navigable water f
communication from the waters of the Hudson ;
and the St. Lawrence to those of the Ohio and
Mississippi. It may therefore be said with pro-
priety to be a woik purely national in all its charac-
teristics. If appropriations for the improvement
of the Ohio, such as is contained in this bill now
under consideration, are constitutional and expe-
dient, then the one asked for the Allegany, which
is a mere extension of that river, is also constitu-
tional and proper.
I am not one of those who doubt the constitu-
tional power of Congress to appropriate money
for the improvement of rivets which are national
thoioughfares for our foreign or inland commerce,
or the construction of suitable harbors for the ;j
accommodation and protection of our shipping. }
U is a power which hns heen so long exercised,
that if precedent is entitled to any weight in con- j1,
stitutional construction, may be regarded asset- jl
: tied. The power to regulate commerce with ]j
foreign nations and among the several States and j
Indian tribes, is sufficiently explicit to relieve jl
my mind from all constitutional scruples upon the ,!
subject of appropriating money for the impiove- i'
merit of riveis, and the erection of harbors, by ||
which our commerce can be extended and pro- !;
tected—or, to use the constitutional language, f;
" regulated." The only difficulty has always j,1
been to draw the line of demarcation between
those which were national and those which were jj
local.' A general system of internal improvements, J
embracing roads and canals, has at this late day ji
butfewadvocates. The doctrine may be regarded !
as fully settled during the administration of Gen- i!
eral Jackson, in his celebrated veto message of the j
Maysville road, and acquiesced in by every puc- i!
ceeding Administration, with the exception of Mr. ;
Folk's, whose construction would circumscribe ,
the action of Congress on the subject of improve- j
ments to narrower limits than those of any of his j
predecessors. Upon that subject I am induced to ;
follow in the footsteps of General Jackson, and the jj
Democratic Piesidents who preceded him, in their !
conduction of the constitutional powers of Con-
gress over river and harbor improvements, and I am j
rejoiced to see that the Committee on Commerce
have adopted that rule for their guidance in their 'i
report of the bill now before the committee; and if :
the bill can be confined to objects purely national,
and such as are necessary for the protection and
extension of our commerce, it shall receive my
support. 1 confess, however, that my support]
would be more cordial, if the amendment which I j'
have proposed should be adopted.
The improvement of the Allegany comes un- ,j
der that class of national objects which are admit- ^
ted to be constitutional, because national; indeed, i
it may be classified with a majority of the appro- ,
pnations m this bill.
Surveys have been made of this river by highly- ,
competent engineers, and estimates made of the ::
cost of its improvement, showing its entire prac-
ticability, at a very moderate expenditure. It
does not, therefore, come under the head of a new .j
scheme or project, A veryconsiderablecommerce j;
is now earned on by means of steamboats and
other craft upon this river, which run regularly,
about six months in the year, as far up as Frank-
lin, a distance of about one hundred and twenty
miles, and irregularly to Warren, a distance of
one hundred and eighty miles from Pittsburgh
This commerce might be very materially augment-
ed by the removal of some of the most prominent
existing obstructions in the river, which this ap-
propriation would aid in accomplishing. If the
attention which the importance of this channel of
communication demands was bestowed upon it
by the General Government, the«river would be
made navigable during most of the year. To all
those interested in increasing the facilities of trade
between New York with the valley of the Ohio,
this improvementespeciallycommendsitself. This
river is the only natural channel of communication
connecting the improvements of New York with
the waters of the Ohio, from which the trade of
New York is cut off during the early part of the
season, or has to seek its way through improve-
ments in Pennsylvania, when a preference is, of
course, given to the trade of Philadelphia, subject-
ing that of New York to great delay, inconveni-
ence, and increased expense.
Mr. STANTON", of Ohio- I should like to ask
the gentleman, whether he proposes the removal
of the aqueduct and bridge across the Allegany at
Pittsburg?
Mr CURTIS. No, sir.
Mr. CARTTER. I wi h to make, under the
decision of the Chair, an argument in opposition
to this amendment. 1 propose to fill the full com-
pass of the rule. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. BISSELL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the improvement of the navigation of the Illinois
livoi,
The adoption of that amendment, Mr. Chair-
man, will tend to remove, m some measure, one
of the most objectionable featutes of this bill—its
unjust and oppressive inequality.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. 1 raise a point of
order upon the gentleman.
Mr. BISSELL. Very well. But do not let it
be taken out of my five minutes' time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not hear
the remark of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FULLER. His remark was that his
amendment would in some degree remove the in-
equality of the bill.
The CM AIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
gentleman from Illinois must confine himself
strictly to an explanation of his amendment.
Mr. BISSELL. I shall certainly do so. There
seems to be an extraordinary degree of sensitive-
ness on the part of the gentleman from Maine, and
the other members of the committee who have
introduced this bill. They seem to have an in-
stinctive knowledge that it cannot stand the test
of examination; and in that I agree with them.
The amendment which F now submit proposes an
appropriation of $50,000 for the improvement of
the Illinois river. ' During the lastCongress, what
was called a river and harbor bill passed this
Rouse, after a careful consideration in the proper
committee, and after a lengthy discussion in this
House; and it only failed in the Senate for want
of time. That bill may be regarded as having
received the sanction of the country. It met my
ap proval.
That hill contained an appropriation of $50,000
for the improvement of the navigation of the Illi-
nois river. Now, 1 am at a loss to conceive what
new light the committee reporting this bill have
received that has induced them to reject that im-
portant item? How is it that the Illinois river
has so dwindled in impoitnnce since the last Con-
gress as to be entitled to no notice at all—not even
to be mentioned in an omnibus bill of this sort?
The former bill, with an appropriation of $50,000
for the Illinois river, passed the House—failed in
the Senate but for want of time, and was sanc-
tioned by the country. Surely, then, the com-
mittee reporting this present bill need have had no
fears about incorporating that item for the benefit
of one of the most important rivers of the West.
Or, if &50.00!) were too large a sum, they might
have proposed thirty, or twenty, or ten thousand
at least, for that object. Their map might have
