1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163-
the opinion of the American people. Upon this
mere incidental motion, which I do not regard as
committing the House to anything, I shall not go
into this debate fully. I shall do it hereafter. I
have only said what I have said with a view,
if possible, of commencing that understanding
between this Government and Kossuth, which, I
think, ought to be perfected; and which, if I can
have my way, will be perfected before he leaves
these shores. He shall be told, in language which
he cannot misunderstand, that this Government
1ms no idea of involving itself in the policy which
he so actively and industriously propagates.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, said: 1 shall
imitate the example of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] so far as to send the vote I
shall cast upon this question to the country, ac-
companied by the reasons which induce it; but,
unlike the gentleman, I choose that my vote and
the reasons therefor, shall harmonize with each
other.
We are urged to pass the resolution offered by
thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cautter,] because
it is said that the passage thereof is due as uii act
of courtcsy, simply, to Mr. Louis Kossuth. We
are told that it is intended as a mere personal courtesy;
its introduction being accompanied by a disclaimer
of any idea of committing the Government to a
line of public policy. Mr. Chairman, I cannot
be deluded by this disclaimer, nor by the want of
pretension with which this act is heralded. We
are here, not in the simple capacity of private cit-
izens, or as a body of American gentlemen,only:
we are here representatives of the American peo-
ple—d constituted legislative body—a part of a
constitutional Government; and whatever resolu-
tion we pass, is a governmental act, so far as ire
can manufacture a public act: whatever extent
our act has, so far we commit our Government
ex necessitate. Ah ! but it is only proposed to in-
troduce Kossuth to this House under the guidance
of a committee appointed by the Speaker—no
more. The gentleman from Ohio assures the House
that he is as much opposed to " hearing a har-
angue" as any one can be, and ,that he contem-
plates no such result to flow from the passage of his
resolution. Let me assure that gentleman, and this
committee, that while his purposes are so praise-
worthy, there are other gentlemen here who do
contemplate the delivery of u a harangue" by the
Hungarian chief, and who support the resolution
because they expect to hear that harangue when-
ever Mr. Kossuth comes within this Hall. Let
me assure the honorable member that the evidence
is strong and persuasive that Kossuth himself ex-
pects to address this House, and that a few davs
since he sought temporary retirement from public
observation, with the view of preparing the ora-
tion he expected to deliver to this Congress. Now,
Mr. Chairman, I have more than the common
stock of patience; but I confess that if has been
exhausted by the manner in which this distin-
guished stranger has been treated by the people of
the Atlantic cities, and by his " harangues "in
New York, and thence to Baltimore, m presence
of the multitudes and in reply to the societies
which have addressed him. Sir, he is a man of
genius, of talent, of wonderful oratorical facilities;
but his sentiments are Quixotic, and especially
they are not American sentiments, or calculated,
by their impress upon the America)) mind, to pro-
mote the harmony and the happiness of this peo-
ple, or the influence, and glory, and permanency
of this Government. When I have read Ins
speeches to the bar, the bench* the press, the peo-
ple, and have remarked the care he has taken to
teach that the lessons of our forefathers were crude,
andean haveno permanency a.s principles of nation-
al conduct, every drop of American blood in my
frame Slows faster with indignation at the estimate
he must place upon American intelligence, and at
the rapidity with which he uncoils himself under
the warmth of our honest, heaity, and well-meant
sympathy for him while chilled by misfortune.
Look there at our own Washington, as his^great
image looks down upon this debate, anu say
whether it becomes us, as Americans, lo hear with-
in this Hall, sacied to the business of the people,
an oration from a. foreigner, the burden of which
must necessarily be an attempt to vmteach ail that
he taught; to loosen ah the ties which his wis-
dom provided in our infancy as the guides of our
manhood as a nation; to leave behind us forever i
the landmarks by which the vessel of State has j
thus far been steered through storms and tempest, !
[ and under this new pilotage to go careering over
| the sea in a crusade after the rights of humanity and
| the Utopia of universal liberty5 I do not under-
t stand how, among well-balanced minds, there can
j be a difference of opinion as to our public duty in
j regard to this question.
! Mr. Chairman, if this is an act of mere co-ur-
! tesy to which we are invited, then it is extrava-
' gant, under all the circumstances. Compliments,
; to be appreciated at due value, should be gnulu-
: ated by some .standard. Precedent has furnished
! the standard by wluch the courtesy of an Amcri-
I can Congress should, through all future time, be
measured. There (pointing to the portrait of
1 Lafayette) is the token" of a man, the compeer
, and compatriot of Washington, to whom in his
: old age the United States designed to offer the very
■ highest compliment they could bestow upon mor-
i tality. Tie had abandoned prosperity, the smiles
i of his sovereign, the adulation of a court,fortune,
; family, and had embarked his all in the struggle
t for American independence. He had bled fieely
in that cause. He had expended of his own
1 means $] 40,000 to clothe our naked soldiery, and
' had from his own stores put shoes upon the
j bleeding feet of the American patriots who were
i fighting by his side through the Revolution. He
was an adopted son of the Union. He under-
I stood the principles of our Government, because j
] he was of the glorious band who laid the founda- i
! itons of our freedom. He was the companion of '
i Washington. He had illustrated his principles
i bv a lung career in Euiope, ever devoted to the
; establishment of rational liberty. _ Congress, obe-
| dient to the national alfection, invited Lafayette to
leave Ins own homestead to revisit our shores that
he might contemplate our growth and look upon
the results of his own glorious services in our na-
1 tional development. When lie came, the un-
, doubted guest of America, Congress passed a res-
: olution directing the Speaker to congratulate him
j upon his arrival, and to assure him of the satis-
faction of Congress in being able to testify to him
in person a nation's gratitude. He was intro-
I duced accordingly by a committee, and such hon-
! ors paid as you now propose to accord to Kos-
! suth ! Are the cases parallel ? Have we so fallen
| in love with Louis Kossuth that we are ready,
! without having any further acquaintance with
j him than is obtained through the mists of the
■ Hungarian war and his own speeches, to pay lum
! the same amount of honor that we offered to La-
■ fayette, and more than we have accorded to Kos-
j ciuskO; to Father Mathew—to any man of foreign
i birth, or to any hero of our own free clime? If
i you so cheapen what has been offered to Lafay-
! ette. abolish the grades of compliment and avow
' that your courtesy means as little as that of the
j Spaniard, whose usual salutation is to lequest his
; visitor 44 to hold all his host possesses at his own
; disposition." The universality of your politeness
will then render it alike valueless to all. Sir, it
, must not be forgotten that the compliment bestowed
! upon Lafayette, of an introduction to the Ameri-
1 can Senate and House of Representatives irhilc,
, those bodies were in se^ion, is the only instance of
| the kind to -be found in the history of this Gov-
■ ernment. It is the only instance to be found in
the history of any civilized government since the
| middle ages. Roman consuls had ovations, and !
! returned from conquests attended by crowds of
! captives to pass under triumphal arches amid the
| huzzas of the multitude. These did no more.
1 Even these halted at the steps of the Senate house.
When gentlemen propose tins exahed and ex-
traordinary honor, therefore, to Kossuth—I say ;
extraordinary, since the precedent is nowhere to be
found save'in the case of Lafayette—I may be :
v/eli excused for the inquiry as to the cause of,
this undue excitement in his behalf. Is his ex-
traordinary merit testified by honorable scars
received in the fields of battle upon the plains of
I Hungary5 Did he sutler amid the snows of i
! Szolnok, or nerve the Honvods to stand the
i dreadful chaigeof ca\alry? Sir, I do not mean :
' to criticise his participation in the struggle of
! his country. 1 award him willingly all the .
merit of patriotism, though in my limited rend-
ing I have been so unfortunate as never to have .
ascertained in what battle his laurels were won. ;
I remember well when Ujhazy—the glorious old
Governor of Cnmorn—came to this country from
the fields of Hungary, such honors as these were ;
not proposed in his behalf. He, too, was identi-
fied with Hungary as surely as Kossuth. He
was a patriot-soldier in the cause of his country,
and had fought her battles valiantly and well.
He was commended to our consideration as that
chief who patriotically held the garrison of Co-
morn to the close of the campaign against vast
odds, and made the terms qf his surrender the pass-
j! port to his expatriation. When the Iron Crown of
I St. Stephen had fled the limits of Hungary,
i! Ujhu/.y found a new asylum in a land of real
: liberty, wheie he has settled to the peaceful enjoy-
;j ment of life as a Republican farmer. Now, 1 rc-
• \ spectfully ask why a different grade of compliment
should be paid to this Magyar from the mark that
j Magyar received, admitting both to have been
| equally patriotic, and equally conspicuous in the
J cause of their common country? Why shall we
I pay higher honor to the orator for his advocacy of
, the principles of liberty, than to the brave "old
:j soldier who fought and periled ail, and finally
li asserted the principle in the very terms of his most
'| honorable capitulation to an overwhelming force
i| and necessity? I have indulged in these remarks
■ | to prove to this committee that we are asked upon
\[ this occasion to go too far, mere precedents con-
sidered. But, sir, for one, I am not willing-to
leave this subject with a cloud of .doubt upon it
in another of its aspects.
We are told that Kossuth is the invited guests
of the country; that Congress sent after him in a
national ship; that since his arrival Congress has
welcomed him to the capital, and now that he
has actually reached the city, Congress is bound,
in the exercise of an ordinary courtesy, to wel-
come him into this Hall, and that the members of
Congress shall be personally introduced, &.c.,&c.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I voted in the last Congress,
if I remember correctly, to suspend the rules to
consider the resolution in regard to sending the
ship after Kossuth; but I haveno recollection that
I voted for the passage of the lesolution. I may
have dono-so; I have no memory of the fact. But
there was an understanding in Congress at that
day that the lives of Kossuth and his associates
were in danger; that the Sultan was in jeopardy*
because of his noble determination to perform the
sacred duties of hospitality; that Austria wished
the delivery of the exiles into her power; that
Russia threatened to avail herself of this pretext
to strike the long-meditated blow at the Ottoman
Porte, and that, after all, and above nil, that Kos-
suth was anxious to emigrate hither, and to follow
TJjhazy and his companions to the far West,
where the Magyar might plant his own vine under
new and nobler auspices than he had yet known.
In all these representations there was much to ex-
cite the sympathy of the American bosom. Sym-
pathy for the exile from home and country is a
common sentiment of humanity—an emotion of
! the savage as well as of civilized man. But here
j was a case of a patnot exiled from his native
land, because he had contended for her freedom
; and her constitutional rights, not to say ameliora-
]' turns, and we were informed that from his prison
'' grates he looked wistfully to this great country,
and probably depended upon our aid for his ex-
istence.
Sir, we did extend that sympathy,'and actively
too: but tt was on the stale of ease already made out.
When the flag of the Union floated from the quar-
tei-drck of the Mississippi before the prison-
house of Kossuth, and he saw its broad folds to
protect lum under the very yE^is of 3 liberty—
irhen America was at Kitaixiah to bear him from a
dungeon to freedom, the cause of her intervention
was°distinctly announced in the preamble and res-
olution of Congress, which proclaims that Con-
gress understood it was Kossuth's wish and determina-
tion, when released, " to emigrate, to the United
StatesTheiefore it was the national ship was
employed. Therefore it was the arm of this Gov-
ernment was extended to aid him to reach a she!- .
ter from the pitiless storm that pursued him, and
to find here agam a home and a country. I dare
to aver no member of that Congress, at the time,
dreamed of making Louis Kossuth •the Nation's
Guest, or of scenes through which we are now
passing. Well, sir, in my opinion Kossuth was
committed, by his acceptance of the conveyance
furnished, under the character of a resolution that
accompanied the offer of that conveyance, to the
distinct actjitiescencc in the correctness of our
supposition that it was his deliberate purpose, on
