1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
as there is a privileged motion pending before the \
Honse. The motion to lay upon the table, is one J
Then it is sufficient to call at-
Mr. STANLY.
tention to the fact 
of"those privileged motions which must be put, in |j The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the order in which they are made. I1 the same mistake occurs upon the Journal. It can
Mr MARSHALL. I should like to know if now only be corrected by unanimous consent,
the motion to lay upon the table, is regarded by j| Nonobjection was made, and the Journal was
the Chair as a privileged motion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does so regard it-
If the gentleman will indulge the Chair, he will
turn to the rules upon the subject.
Mr. MARSHALL. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts what the
practice of the House has been, in reference to
the point of order raised by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] but I am disposed
to decide that it is in order, at this stage of the
proceedings, to move to go into the Committee of
the Whole upon the state of the Union.
Mr. MARSHALL. I, then, make that mo'ion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand tellers
upon that motion.
Mr. POLK. Has the motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole precedence of the motion to
lay upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. POLK. I appeal from the decision of the
chair.
Mr. OLDS. 1 move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. POLK. I withdraw the appeal.
Tellers were then ordered, upon the demand of
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee; and Messrs. Hous-
ton and Fowler were appointed.
accordingly ordered to be corrected.
Mr. ORR. I now urge my motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from South Carolina to withdraw his motion.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman can accomplish his
purpose some other time.
Mr. HOUSTON. As I cannot persuade the
House to take up the business on the Speaker's
table, I dp hope the House will allow Senate bill
No. 271 to be taken up, for it is very important j
that it should be acted upon.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to taking up the
bill out. of its order.
Mr. OR.R. I now insist upon the motion to
adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to, and
The House adjourned till twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
PETITIONS, &c.
Tin: following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and refeired to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. : The petition of 80 citizens of the town of
Sweden, Monroe county, New York, against the extension
of the Woodwoith patent.
By Mr. BRENTON: The petition of P. P. Randall and
4.3 other citizens of Allen county, Indiana, asking an ap-
--   propriation toi toe construction of a canal around the falls
The question was then taken on the motion of j o!- ;i,<. Ohio liver.
Mr. Marshall, and the tellers reported—ayes90, |i T*y Mr. FJTCII : The papers in the case of J.^nry II.
noes 39.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Hiufard in the chair.)
HOMESTEAD HILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business before
the committee is House bill Aro. 7, for the promo-
tion of agriculture, and for other purposes, and
upon that question the gentleman from JNrew York
[Mr. Jenkins] has the floor.
Mr. JENKlNSspokeduringan hour; and mtlie
Marsh, compensation for lelinquishmentof atiactot
land erroneously mei«d.
i! Jly Mr. fvUAJtT: The petition of William Singer and
li others, citizens of Thomaston, Maine, for an act prohibiting
ij the carnage ot'height and pa^engeis for hire by (iovem-
I' jm-nt stea'il-vrs.sel.-i.
i| By Mr.KUSrfELL : The petition of John L. Gilpin, poat-
1 master at Afliol, Wairen county, New York, and 16o other j
' inhabitants ot said count), pr<t\ing lor a lepeal of the fugi- '
i tive slu\ c law.
By Mi. PORTCIt: The petition of 48 inhabitants, and the
commissioner, directors, and clerk of Congressional town-
' slup No. 'lo, tango one west, m Warren county, Missouri,
' asking the privilege of locating a halt section of land on
some vacant public land, in lieu of section 16, m said town -
i . . . . ,1 SOllIti ViRVlUl [JUIJlll/ tailU, 111 u ut IV, 1UMKU IU"C1
course of Ins remarks he deprecated the notion that j, one juln 0t winch 16th section is covered by a con-
the public lands must all be voted away; spokein j firmed Spanish claim
favor of the present system of disponing of the pub- j
lie domain, by which it can lie purchased for one j
dpllar and a quarter an acre. He contended that
it has worked well, and that 110 scheme of specula-
tion lias successfully competed with it. He denied
the right of Congress to give the lands away lor the
purpose designed by the hill, and argued to show |
that the operations of this measure would not be
productive of the benefits claimed by its friends. ,
[Mr. .T.'s speech will be found 1)1 the Appendix.] 1
Mr. NEWTON" obtained the iloor, but yielded 1
to
Mr CHANDLER, who mined that the com-
mittee rise.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to. '
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker ;
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Hib-
bard)'reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Tnion had, according to order,
had under consideration House bill No. 7, beinga
bill to euccmuige agriculture, commerce, manufac-
tures, and all other branches of industry, by grant-
ing evcrv man who is at the held of a family,and
a citizen" of the United Si-ites, a homestead of one
Also, the petition of William Porter, late assistant mar-
shal of Lincoln county, Missouri, asking additional com-
pensation for taking the Seventh Census.
Akn, the petition of Celestino Con/.ales, tortile value of
propeity destioved in Moxi'/o by the American army after
the suspension of hostilities.
lty Mr. IMSNEY: The memorial of Knocii Shcppard,
piaiini; lor 11 pension. j
Also, the nienional of journeymen scgar makers 111 Cin- 1
einnati, praying an an altciation ot the tarifl, so as to re- j
munuratt: tlirm for their labor, on segats llllder the value of ,
ten dollars per thousand.
Also, resolutions of the Chamber of Commerce of Cin-
cinnati, advocating the creation of a new- I'mteri ritates dis- :
tnet cmnt 111 the State of Ohio. _ _ ;
Also, the remonstrance of sundry citizens of Cincinnati,
a^a[li--t the extension of Woodworth's patent. I
"a1m>, a memorial ot the Cincinnati bar, asking tor the j
creation ot a new district couitof the Cmted .States in tile
Stale ut Ohio. ;
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 15, 1852. ■
Prayer by the Rev. Littletov l-\ Morgan. 1
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. |
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the 1
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
hundred and sixty acres of land out of the public j! communicating, in compliance with a resolution j
domain, upon condition of occupancy and cultiv,i- " ~
don of the same, for the period herein specified,
and had come to 110 conclusion thereon.
Mr. ORR. I move that the Honse 
Jill-. MOLONY. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. ORR. So do I rise In a privileged ques-
tion. I move that the House do now adjourn. I
will, however, yield to the gentleman.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. MOLONY. In looking over the Journal
of Monday, I see that upon a motion to suspend
the rules to enable the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Smicii] to introduce a resolution 111 relation
to the census printing, I am recorded in the nega-
tive. I voted in the affirmative. I ask to have
the Journal corrected.
Mr. STANLY. I ask whether the gentleman
alludes to the Journal or the Globe ?
Mr. MOLONY. The Globe.
of the Senate, a report of the Commissioner of j
Indians Ail'airs, relative to debts contracted by j
Indian agentsm California; which was ordered to ;
be hud on the table and printed. ;
PETITIONS, ETC. i
Mr. COOPER presented two memorials of prac- :
tical printers, ot Philadelphia, praying the estab- |
hshment of a national printing office; which were j
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Also, two memorials of citizens of Philadelphia,
praying the construction of a ship canal around
, the Falls of the river St. Mary; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, resolutions of a meeting of citizens of the
Northern Liberties of Philadelphia, in favor of an
' act granting lands to actual settlers in limited
quantities; which were referred to the Committee
\ on Public Lands.
i Also, the petition of Anthony Shermen, praying
the renewal of his patent for an improvement in
the axles of railroad cars; which was referred to
the Committee 011 Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a petition of citizens of Philadelphia,
praying a renewal of Emmons's patent for a planing
machine; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a petition of citizens of Philadelphia
county, Pennsylvania, praying a modification of
the bounty land law; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lancaster county,
■Pennsylvania, remonstrating against any action
by Congress that will sanction the Wheeling
bridge as it now stands; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a petition of citizens of Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the further
extension of Woodworth's patent for a planing
machine; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CLARKE presented the memorial of E.
Ritchie Dorr, praying compensation for services
as Charge d'Affaires to the Argentine Republic;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of toe
heirs of Peter Gansevoort, praying to be allowed
for the depreciations on commutation certificates;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. .
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Sarah L. Russell, praying the payment of a cer-
tain Texas bond held by her; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Jane
Kearny, praying to be allowed a pension and
bounty land; which was referred to the Committee
011 Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER. I have in my hand a memo-
rial from John L. Sullivan, who signs himself a
nephew of Major General Sullivan, of the revo-
lutionary army, relative to the preservation and
national uses of one half of the gold from the
public lands in California. In this memorial,
which is a very elaborate document, he sets forth
five specific objects to which he wishes that na-
tional fund to be appropriated. Without going
into it at length, or occupying the time of the Sen-
ate by any further statement of the object of the
memorial, I move its reference to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITION WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That James Carngan have leave to withdraw
his petition and papeis.
PERSONAL AND POLITICAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. MANGrUM. Mr. President, I indicated,
yesterday, a purpose to ask, by the courtesy of
the Senate, that 1 might be permitted to speak on
a matter which, I am aware, is not strictly in or-
der this morning. I hope that the consent of the
Senate will be given.
The PPvESIDENT. The Senator will proceed
unless objected to.
There was no objection.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, 1 have no
speech to make, in the ordinary acceptation of that
term. I desire to make a few remarks touching,
as briefly as I may, upon a few points which, in
fact, are mainly in reference to my own personal
position, which, I am aware, is of little conse-
quence to anybody but myself—a topic on which
most men are supposed to speak fluently, and but
few wisely. I shall be as brief as I can.
It is known to the Senate, that, during the past
winter, my health has been, I may say, b*ul, but
at best very variable; and I have not participated
at all in the business of the Senate, except occa-
sionally and very slightly—still less have I partici-
pated in any arrangements or intrigues touching
presidential questions, or anything of that kind.
Yet I find, humble an individual as I am, that I
am made the subject of newspaper speculations,
represented variously and conflictingly at diflerent
points However small may be the taper which t
hold, I am unwilling that every wind should play
upon it and extinguish it. I desire to be under-
stood correctly.
It has been my habit, throughout life, on ail
occasions of this character, never to be doubted;
and 1 desire, if I shall succeed in explaining myself
perfectly, that I may here not be doubted on these
