164
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 80,
hem0, released," to emigrate Jo the United States.'
When he,came on board the Mississippi, it was
in the character of an emigrant and of an exile from
Europe. Who was to find upon these shores an
asylum from oppression, and to raise here new
altars to patriotism. If, then, Kossuth and Con-
gress labored under mutual mistake as to the inten-
tions of this distinguished character, surely, when
we ascertained that his restoration to liberty was
but the signal for his renewed activity in the field
of ]Eurof)ean politics, all Christendom would have
held us released from any further obligations spring-
ing from the exertion of our sympathy in his be-
half. He availed himself of a very early occasion
to announce that he did not Intend to emigrate to
the United'States—that he was consecrated to the
cause of Hungarian Independence, and that his
mission was henceforth to preach that cause and
to arrange the instrumentalities through which its
success might be achieved. After these dis-
closures—even had he been invited hither as an
emigrant—we should have been under no obliga-
tion to receive him as a political propagandist. His
mission was distinctly proclaimed in England. He
proclaimed it after he was free, and after he had
abandoned the conveyance of the frigate Missis-
sippi. Then we, as a people, and Kossuth were
mutually released from whatever obligations to
each other.
But, Mr. Chairman, the mission to which he has
%devoted himself brought him here, not our invita-
tion—if it be still insisted that he was invited.
True to that apostolical character he assumes,
Kossuth commenced his labors in that mission im-
mediately on his arrival at Staten Island. From
his first speech thereto this moment he has,on no
occasion, failed to proclaim why he is in America;
what brought him to America, and what results he
expects to accomplish by his visit to America.
He has accepted every demonstration of popular
adulation, as an evidence of approbation of his
doctrines. Emboldened by the passive submission
of the people to these, his conclusions, and intoxi-
cated by the more active and bold acquiescence in
his political principles, by desperate politicians or
mere holiday orators, he has at length commenced
*the work of polling the American population, in
imitation of the mode adopted in the Hungarian
comitats, making up an expression of the sover-
eign will of the people upon certain political propo-
sitions of his own propounding, which public will
he is now bearing to the Government as testimony
from the masses, to dictate future American policy !
Methinks I can hear the sound and conservative
voice of the interior, as it dwells with incredulity
upon this infatuation—this folly. Yes, sir, it is a
fact, that from the capital of Pennsylvania the
programme of Kossuth has been returned to him,
indorsed by the people, and he has proudly pro-
claimed thu fact• In New Yoik he directed a vote
in a New York comiiat (God save the mark !) on
the) same propositions, and yesterday in the city
of Baltimore.
adopted. He goes further. He says that the
illustration of American policy heretofore, may be
found in the economy of the silk-worm—"a poor,
miserabl%insect," which wraps itself in its own
self-woven web, from which it creeps only—to die.
That America belongs to the family of nations,
owes duties to the family of nations, or she may
exile herself among the nations, and while she
weaves at home a woof of comfort will, like the
miserable insect in question, only come forth untler
the policy of Washington eventually—to meet
death as a nation, consigned as a "miserable crea-
ture" to the contempt of those to whom we owed
duties and from whom we withheld favors. Now,
sir, this language and these illustrations are to ray
comprehensionalikeoffensiveandimpudent. They
I explain the character of this foreigner, and serve
to prove the folly of that popular adulation which
has accompanied his progress so far on our Con-
tinent, in some places, Mr. Chairman, as observa-
ble in the case of a danseuse or a cantatrice as in
the instance before us—to us, perhaps, not so re-
markable, but exceedingly apt to intoxicate and
mislead the deluded recipient of these bountiful
ministrations. I am desirous to be distinctly un-
derstood upon this occasion. I listen with no
patience to Mr. Kossuth, when he invites me to
abandon the counsels of Washington, and to desert
the ancient, time-honored, household gods of my
own coun try, to follow him in the task of reestablish-
ing those of Hungary, if need be, at the expense of
war to the United States. I may bean admirer of
the artist, of the eloquent advocate, of the enthu-
siastic patriot, of the knight-errant who preaches
the crusade for Hungarian independence with all
the zeal of Peter the Hermit,—I may be willing, as
a private gentleman, to extend the courtesies and
civilities due from an American to a distinguished
stranger, and, indeed, may do him festive honors
to testify "the passing noble emotions of the heart
and the hour,"—I may be willing to the proposi-
tion of the member from North Carolina, which
authorizes the Speaker to invite Kossuth to a priv-
ileged seat. But, Mr. Chairman, these duties of
courtesy and these extensions of privilege are
ensily comprehended by the recipient and by the
world.
I am unwilling to see the American Congress,
as a legislative body, pass the resolution now be-
fore us. I know it will be the precursor of dis-
turbance. I know it is the entering wedge for an
order of things destructive of the stand we should
Occupy before our own countrymen. I am uivwilling
to turn this sacred Hall into a lecture room—a
school house—where American statesmen may
receive their lessons in political wisdom and be
taught the propositions upon which are said to
rest the prospective grandeur and the glory of the
Union, from a foreigner who has not been yet
thirty days upon our shores.
Mr. INGERSOLL remarked: It was with
many regrets he had witnessed a discussion spring-
now before the commit-
the bare announcement
of the resolution of the honorable member from
Ohio to this body would have elicited a prompt and
universal response from all parts of the House;
and coming as we do direct from the voices of the
sovereign people of these State?, we would re-
spond to what he believed to be the wishes of that
people, and award to the illustrious individual
whose name forms a part of the resolution, that
cordial welcome which, wherever he has gone,
the'friends of liberty have given him. He hf>d
witnessed with feelings somewhat akin to morti-
fication, the course which the discussion of a reso-
lution of welcome to Kossuth had taken in an-
other end of this Capitol; and when he thought of
the effect of that course upon the sympathizing
friends of freedom in the Old World, and when
he could almost hear the exultations of the min-
ions of despotic and monarchical power when the
news of that discussion shall have crossed the At-
lantic and reached the ears of those despots who
claim by " divine right" to awe into submission
" their people," upon whose necks their feet are
a public assembly, with ail the JJ ing up on the resolution
pomp and ceremony due to so imposing im occasion, j| tee. He had hoped that
and with a judge for his herald, the same profound i'
propositions were again received with acclamations j
of popular applause, and adopted without contra- ;
diction! i
These propositions constitute his published pro- •
gramme of principles whereby the family of na- j
Hons is to be saved through the application of j
intervention, to enforce non-intervention. I shall ,
not enter upon the discussion of these principles '
or of the pnhcy they portend. I am not afraid of,
their adoption by my country. I allude to them '
now merely to indicate who it is—the character of j
the mission, and some of the virtues of the apostle 1
we are called upon as an American Congress to :
receive here in our places with superlative forms ;
of commendation, and compliment rlmost without !
a parallel^ ia the history of civilized government, i
Air. Chairman, it is worthy of remark that Mr. :
Kossuth enforces these (his) propositions with a ]!
strain of logic and oratory at once peculiar, and, to 1:
American ears, no doubt, felicitous. Not to i
further back than to his speech in Baltimore, ho j    „,c
te Is oui people that of all national policy, that i, placed, he could almost bow his head in shame
which. ,n hit. nmmmvi*   I ^ sorrow. It had been his fortUne, perhaps
misfortune, to have spent the better portion of the
last few years in a land of strangers to liberty and
the rights of man. The greater portion of that
period was spent within the dominions of that
northern Autocrat whose hireling- forces crushed
the rising spirit of Hungary, and sent her illustri-
which, in his opinion, is most important, is
foreign policy; that the foreign policy we have pur-
sued from the era ol' the Constitution to the present
time is "no policy at all," and that through the
futnie our true policy is to be found in the pro-
gramme of principles he. has furnished, and which
the people of Baltimore afterwards so clamorously
ous leader a wanderer in other lands. He (Mr. I.)
had witnessed the struggle and the defeat, (a tem-
porary one, he trusted in Grfd;) and knowing
what he did of that struggle, and of the feelings in
regard to it of the people of the patriotic State he
' had the honor in part to represent in Congress,
! he should be unworthy of a seat in that body,
i aye, of the name of an American citizen, co«M lie
! hesitate for one moment as to his course of action
upon the resolution now before the House. This
was not, it seemed to him, the proper time and oc-
casion to go into the history of the Hungarian war,
thegreater part of which Kossuth was. The time
for speeches has passed—the time for immediate
action has arrived. Kossuth is in our country,
as he was before his arrival in the hearts of our
countrymen. He is at our inner doors: shall we
! wound him in the house of his friends.? How
j does he come here?—as an exile? Let. gentlemen
remember that a national ship received him from
his exile in Turkey, and that before he put foot
upon our shores he was received by a national
salute—that salute fired from a national fortress—
that fortress in the command of the Executive of
these United States. Away, then, with the idea
of Kossuth as an exile. No, Mr. Chairman, he
is here as the great champion of freedom m Eu-
rope; and in view of what the Government here
; has already done towards receiving him, good faith
i and honor 011 our part, to say nothing of the dic-
1 tates of humanity, demand that we should extend
I to him all the honors so justly his due.
But in voting for this resolution, he (Mr. I.)
wished not to be understood as placing himself
at this time upon the platform of armed interven-
tion by the Government of this Union in the
affairs of Hungary. That was not necessary in
voting for this resolution. Indeed he would add,
that, for his part, he was willing to abide by the
counsels of Washington and thedoctrines of Mon-
roe in regard to intervention. He (Mr. I.) was
not quite ready to send an American army to the
Danube; and, in conclusion, he would remark
that he had witnessed, with some forebodings,
the positioaiof men at the North who surrounded
Kossuth during his sojourn in New York, and
who were urging the intervention policy upon the
Government and people of this country. He
thought he saw in their movements a foundation
for a plan, to be developed hereafter, to interfere
in the aifairs of our domestic States, as they now
wish, on the same plea of humanity, to intervene
in the affairs of foreign States. But he would not
now go into this great question of intervention,
and he hoped that the resolution would pass with
1 great unanimity.
j; Mr. GENTRY. I should have preferred to
I have given a silent vote upon the proposition that
: is before this committee. I think that would have
I been in the best taste, in my own view of what is
proper, and in view of what we owe to ourselves
I under the circumstances which surround us. But
so much has been said pro and con, that I fee!
| disposed to say a word or two by way of indica-
ting the reasons which have influenced me, and
will influence me in all the votes I may give in con-
nection with this Kossuth question. If a man
presents himself at my door when I know he
comes for the purpose of asking me to indorse his
note for §50,000, if he is a gentleman in charac-
ter and position I will invite him into my house,
and extend to him all the courtesies which are due
to a gentleman, though I may know him to be in-
solvent, and though I may feel all the while that
duty to myself and my children imperiously im-
poses upon me the "necessity of refusing to indorse
the note. I would be careful more especially to
; do so, if the doors of my house had been opened
to him by myself, and I had invited him to come
there upon another ground not connected with the
indorsement of his note. I would invite him into
my house if I supposed him a gentleman of hisrh
character, principles, genius, and talent—over-
whelmed by a torrent of misfortune, though I
j' might know he came to ask me to do that which
j, would imperil the fate of myself and family, and
II though 1 could not give him all he came to ask.
|[ Still, respecting him as a gentleman—respecting
ii him for his genius, the exalted principles and mo-
tives which I believe actuated his'conduct—though
; I might believe that the wave of misfortune had
j| buried him beyond all hope of resurrection, and
ii I could do nothing for him except to give him my
ll reapect and sympathy, would I slam the door in
