1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imf
subjects. In regard to the next Presidency, I
shall, very probably, stand prepared to support
the nominee of the Whig Convention. I profess
to be a party man, and shall act upon that princi-
ple; I shall yield, as I was compelled to do, four
years ago, against my own judgment, ifnecessary,
against all my own inclinations, to support, as I
did then, most strenuously, the nominee of the
Whig Convention.
But while I shall probably do this, I have my
preference. I had the same four years ago; and
that preference implies no dereliction of principle
upon my part, nor any departure from or modifi-
cation whatsoever of the principles that I have
steadily maintained, for now nearly thirty years,
in both branches of the National Legislature. I
know, if I go in a particular direction, that we
have conservatives both North and South of what
is esteemed the peculiar institution of the South,
who imagine that a man is unfaithful to them—is
untrue to them, if he does not happen to tread in
the path indicated by them. I am old enough, if
not wise enough, to act upon the suggestions of
my own understanding; and, wise or unwise, I
shall probably do so without fear, favor, or affec-
tion, reward or hope of reward—-unintimidated by
the menaces of power—unseduced by the bland-
ishments of flattery.
Upon this interesting question, I unhappily am
informed, and believe, that I differ as regards my
first choice, from a portion of the constituency
whom 1 have the honor to represent. It has not
been an uncommon thing for me, in the course of
my public service, to differ profoundly, upon sev-
eral occasions, from my constituents. They have
been forbearing and kind, and that is the ground
of many griefs and regrets when my sense of pub-
lic duty impelled me to such difference. Perhaps
the boldest actions of my public life have been
those in regard to which these differences have
arisen, and have, in the long run,given me what-
ever little strength I may have had at home. 1
shall continue to pursue the course that my judg-
ment shall indicate as the best for their interest,
safety,happiness, and prosperity, during the short
time that the relations now subsisting between
myself and my constituents shall continue.
My purpose is to retire from public life. I am
a candidate for nothing; nor do 1 expect to be ever
again a candidate for anything. During nearly
thirty years of service in both branches of the
National r_.jgiil:itiife, I have never sought employ-
ment under any Executive, under any power._ I
should always feel a sort of humiliation in giving
up the kind confidence of a whole State to hold
any office, however exalted and illustrious, by the
feeble tenure of the will of one man. I have never
sought it for myseif or for mine. I shall never do
so. I will also say that I have never felt a sense
of humiliation in appealing to my constituents,
the people of my own State; and, if successful,
that success has invariably produced upon me the
impression of a sense of my unworthiness or ina-
bility to render this service compatible with the de-
gree of confidence which has been reposed in me.
I should not feel now any sort of humiliation to
appeal to them for any place of honor, trust, or
profit, if they had it in their bestowal, though I
am no candidate, and, in all probability, never
shall be again, even for the favor of a people who
are nearer and dearer to my own heart than any
others; and I trust the whole American family are
near to me.
I understand, from evidences which I cannot
question, that a majority of the people of North
Carolina prefer the present President for the suc-
cession, as their first choice. That is not exactly
my condition. I stand where I stood four years
ago. I prefer another as my first choice. This
diversity of opinion between my constituents and
myself, can lead, I trust, to no results that may
be" detrimental to the public interests. I know
perfectly well that the avowal of this preference
on my part will grate harshly on the ears of the
friends of the present Executive, both here and
elsewhere. But, according to the custom of my
whole life, I feel it to be my duty to speak truly
my honest and sincere convictions. I will speak
even unpleasant things to my constituents, if I
believe the public interests require it.
Sir, I will farther say, that I believe that the
people of North Carolina are so averse to all the
agitations that have existed here upon a particular
^ubict, and to all the agitations of a local and sec-
tional character of every kind whatsoever, that
they would very reluctantly bestow their support
upon any one who either directly or indirectly en-
courages such agitation. In that respect we do not
differ at all; for I hold that no enlightened patriot
can ever desire to see this country pass again
through such terrible, such alarming scenes as we
all witnessed during 1849 and 1850. I pray God
that such may never happen again in this coun-
try.
I know very well that there are certain gentle-
men who mafte light of it; who supposed, or af-
fected to suppose, that no evil was likely to result
from that agitation; who considered that the Union
was safe; or who, to conceal their unpatriotic and
traitorous devices, affected to consider it safe.
Yes, sir, if they had been at sea, and in a storm,
perhaps they might have made light of it when
they regained terra firma; but they were not less i
affrighted, perhaps, during the time when the ele- !
ments were beating and struggling, and warring I
above, beneath, and around them. The wisest I
men in this country did think there was great and
imminent peril. I thought so then—I think so i
yet. I hope we have escaped it. But with all the
finalities, there is not yet a finality to the dispo-
sition to agitate. I disapprove the whole of it. I *
think that in this burning focus of faction at the
city of Washington, quite as much is done to pro-
duce this agitation, as is produced either by the j
abolitionists of the North, or the disunionists of
another portion of the Union. I have no sympa- j
thy with either of them. I have never been heard ;
to speak in any factious spirit upon this delicate
question within my recollection. It is not my
purpose to do it now.
Instead of preferring the presentPresident of the I
United States as my first choice, I prefer Winfield ■
Scott; and, if he shall be the nominee, I have little
fear of the result. I know how difficult it is for a j
man, powerless, without patronage, and without .
official influence, to get a nomination against the j
power of an administration, which can wheel into •
the ranks a hundred thousand office holders, and •
dependants perhaps to the number of half a mil- ;
lion. I know that if they unscrupulously use this ■
power, it will be next to impossible to obtain a I
nomination against them. The present President
is entitled to the declaration from me, that I be- j
lieve he would scorn the use of such means. But
what some of his friends might do, I should not |
undertake to vouch for. Their activity, premature :
and somewhat absurd, as I thought, seems to fur-
nish a full guaranty, that they will not be m the
future sluggards, and disloyal to their practices in
the past.
I have said that North Carolina will not be in-
clined to support any man who is in favor of re-
opening agitation upon these delicate subjects;
and 011 that point I here express the conviction,
and I might almost say my knowledge, that Gen-
eral Scott can show as clean a bill of political
health, on these questions, as either the present S
President, Mr. Webster, or Mr. Clay. I say
what I think I know, during the pendency of :
these questions. After the successful adjustment
of them, good and patriotic and pacific men met :
the " All hails!" of the entire country; but, before ;
those measures passed, when men stood upon a j
plank, trembling over a precipice—that was the ;
time to try the sincerity, the candor, and the '
truthfulness of men's professions and men's con- ,
duct. During that period, General Scott unquail- j
ingly went ahead to produce an adjustment of
those angry difficulties, and a pacification upon '
which honorable men—North, South, East and ,
"West—could stand upon in reference to the ques-
tions that were then agitating the country so men- j
acingly and appallingly. I do not pretend to say
that heapproved of everything that was donein the ,
various acts of compromise, and concurred in all
their details. Far from it. I would venture to
say, as a mere matter of opinion, that there was
not a member in either branch of the Legislature :
that approved of everything in every one of those '
bills. I certainly did not But I acted upon this j
principle: I went for an adjustment upon which
an honorable man could stand at both ends ofthe
Union. I did not desire to obtain an advantage,
or a victory, or a triumph over my opponents in ■
that sectional controversy. I think there is no
enlightened patriot who would not scorn to ac- ,
quirp a victory or a triumph over his friends and .!
his brethren. In that respect, I believe, from my :
intercourse with General Scott, that he more
nearly coincided with my personal feelings than
any other man with whom I conversed. .Sir,
national in all his feelings, in all his proclivities,
in all his inclinations, in all his professions,'He
desired neither a triumph of the North over the
South, nor of the South over the North. Nor did
I. I desired an adjustment of any sort, upon
which men might stand with honor at both ex- '
tremes of the Union, and preserve that heritage,
without which, liberty, I think, would be extin-
guished, and, perhaps, forever. Imagine this
Union separated exactly in twain; once set that
example, and it would crumble down into the
smallest and most contemptible, and factious, and
warring fragments, and we would become a by-
word and a scorn to all the enlightened portions of
mankind, who feel any intex-est in human liberty,
and in the progress of civilization.
I believe, therefore, that in doing what I do, in
indicating the preference which I have, I in no
degree depart from the principles I have always
advocated; not at all. But yet I find gentlemen
whose ambition may be limited to a township, or"
a county, or a Congressional district, or at most,
perhaps, to a State, impugning me in the public
prints as a tail to the kite of the honorable Senator
from New York, [Mr. Sf.ward,] for whom I have
all due respect, except for his opinions upon the
delicate subjects to which I have referred. There
we are wide as the poles asunder. In regard to
that, we agree to disagree. Yes, sir, these gen-
tlemen of but yesterday are arraigning my consist-
ency, my steadfastness to the South, to Southern
principles and Southern institutions. Where can
the boldest of them find, that in a public life of
nearly thirty years, I have quailed in the presence
of an enemy to the peculiar interests of -my region
of country ? where the intimidation of power has
made me succumb? or the blandishments and the
arts of flattery have seduced me from the course
which I had marked out for myself? No record
of the sort can be produced. I maybe a little
ultra on this subject, yet I hope that does not
extend so far as to make me sectional, and to forget
that 1 have a great duty that I owe to every portion
of this blessed Union. I hope not, sir. Butsome
gentlemen are so extremely wise that they cannot
associate with gentlemen who entertain different
views on this subject. We must introduce into
our platform and our creed a new principle. We
are to take the compromise as a new article in our
political creed. I have notlookedat it very much
of late; but I well remember, when it was passed,
if you went South, you would find but a mere
majority of Whigs and Democrats combined in
favor of it; and if you went North, you would
find the majority the other way—more Demo-
crats in favor of it than Whigs, Iadmit. Well, that
would be a platform! I suppose our friends in
South Carolina, and even of Alabama and Mis-
sissippi, would be very unwilling to see it con-
structed; and some as sound Democrats as there
are in this land, and as sound Whigs too, would
be unwilling to meet on that platform. The com-
promise measures ha\ e passed into laws. There is
no longer any territory open for the agitation of
provisoes; and I hope no more territory may be
acquired, either by the spirit of rapacity or other-
wise, to revivify these questions. They are now
settled. There is nothing upon which agitation
can act. If any triumph was obtained, it was but
upon asinglepomt—in accordance, I believe, with
the principles of all parties in this country—that
each State may determine for itself what shall be
the character of its domestic institutions. 1 think
there was no loss of honor on cither side. Yet it
has gone to the South, that there was an entire
destruction of all the elements of honor, and that
men can Dot, stand upon the settlement. They are
asked to stand out of the Union; but they would
not stand there long. So, in the North, it is said
the Constitution must be disregarded. And who
alleges it? Men who desecrate the Holy Bible
and the religion of our Saviour himself. But this
will not, in the long lun, weigh with the common
sense of the country; for I have an abiding belief,
that whenever this country shall be deeply stirred
to its foundations, it will show common sense
enough, and conservatism enough, to maintain our
institutions. In a word, I think a separation of
the States almost a political impossibility. I thought
otherwise, or rather feared otherwise, during that
terrible session of 1849-'50. I had strong appre-
