1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
hensions, as one would have had even for a parent
or a child thathung by a thread over a bottomless
gulf. The bravest of men were made to tremble,
and almost to quake; were sleepless at night; ri-
diculous as it is represented to be by some gentle-
men who recklessly went forward, lighting their
little tapers and making their way through the
world, trying to get a little Hash popularity which
would not live longer than their tapers would
burn. Recklessly as they pushed forward to
results, fearful and destructive to everything of
political philosophy, every lover of human liberty
and human freedom must have felt that, on the
decision of the questions then pending, depended
the hopes of mankind; and that, if these reckless
counsels should prevail, this Union—the hope of
mankind—would have been buried for a time, if
not forever. I hope never to be endowed with
that sort of recklessness; and I hope that the ma-
jority of the American people will never be en-
dowed with it. Ihope that, with a fraternal, kindly,
and affectionate sense, we will watch our institu-
tions, watch their progress, and endeavor to per-
petuate their safety.
In the preference I have indicated for the next
Presidency, I feel that our interests will be as
secure in those hands as in any hands that could
be selected in this Union. 1 feel that in the purity,
the nationality, the known honor, the honest and
steadfast principles of that gentleman, they would
be as safe as they would be anywhere. In the
providence of God, it is not the highest ability
and most practiced statesmanship that is required
to give us a good government. It would be most
unfortunate for the world, and especially for this
American world, if it were so. Right intentions,
a sound and a firm heart, and a steady purpose,
with the elements of good, strong, common sense,
are all that are required for carrying out all that
is necessary to make the people happy, prosper-
ous, and even glorious.
The practiced Machiavelians, intimately acquaint-
ed with all thesinuosities, tortuosities, and adroit-
nesses of the cunning politician, yield to strong and
high sense, a firm heartrand right intentions and
directness of purpose, as quickly as our cousins—
the wily Mexicans—yielded to a greater than Cor-
tez, in his triumphant, glorious, and almost mirac-
ulous march from Vera" Cruz to the old city of the
Aztecs.
There is another circumstance which leads me
to my preference in favor of the gentleman whom
I preferred four years ago. 1 think it was a great
national misfortune that he was not selected at
that time. If he had been President, we should
have never had the scenes which occurred here
during the winter and spring of 1849-*50; we
should not have had the Buffalo Convention, with
all its disasters. But this other teason of mine is,
theground of availability. It has been my steady,
unwavering conviction, for more than a year and
a half, that Winfield Scott is the only Wh ig in
this Union, who can reach the Presidency by the
voice of the people. 1 admit that he has been
somewhat crippled and damaged at the South—
and 1 say it with all due respect—by the develop-
ment of a premature, and, as I have thought,
somewhatabsurd ambition of the present "powers
that be." They have endeavored to ally him
with Free-Soil and Abolition influences; and the
unerring instincts of fear, have brought the ever-
watchful Demociacy into harmonious cooperation
with the "powers that be" on this point. Sir,
there is no Abolitionist who believes there is any
truth in that allegation, or cunningly-suggested
insinuation—nor (lo they believe it themselves.
There is no Free-Soiler who ever expects to be
able to use him as an instrument. Of all the
men upon the earth, 1 should select him among
the first who would never be made an unworthy
instrument in the hands of any faction, whether
South or North. That is my opinion. I under-
take to express the belief, "that he is the only
Whig in the Union, who has any chance to be
elected to the Presidency; and I would say to my
honorable and respected friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] that I should never repine to see'any
honor conferred upon him by the American people.
Though perhaps this is praise coming from a quar-
ter that may rather damage than benefit him, I
must say, that I shall never forget the unwavering,
steady, anxious solicitude that that Senator ex-
hibited in the committee of thirteen, from the day
of its first meeting, until the report was finally
made. I say again—not as a Whig, but as an
American citizen—that I should never repine at
any honors the country might think proper to con-
fer upon him: yet I should feel some sympathy
for him to see him in collision with my friend,
General Scott; for I rather apprehend that the
scenes of Cherubusco and Chapultepec would be
reenacted: though, of course, I do not mean to
compare the Senator from Michigan to the Mex-
icans. I venture to express the opinion, that there
is no intelligent person within the hearing of my
voice, who has turned his attention to these sub-
jects, who believes that either of the other Whig
candidates presented, can get even half the number
of electoral votes necessary to make an election.
There is not an intelligent person, I think, who
has turned his attention to the subject, who does
not entertain this opinion in common with me.
I have a strong feeling of auld lang syne for my
old friend, the editor of the Union; for I have
been distressed at his sorrow that the Whigs did
not seem to pay a sufficient degree of respect to
certain other gentlemen who are named for a cer-
tain high office. I sympathize with his solicitude
and anxiety; for I have none but the kindest per-
sonal feelings for him, and great respect for his
sagacity—a quality which I think he possesses in
a very high degree. It is the old doctrine of New
York Democracy, first avowed, I believe, by Gov-
ernor Marcy, now a very prominent candidate for
the Presidency, that the spoils belong to the vic-
torious party. It is said, that there are fifty mil-
lions of spoils to pass to the victorious party.
And let me say, that if a satisfactory guarantee
could be given to the friends of the editor of the
Union, that we would nominate A or B, or any
other than Winfield Scott, as a candidate for the
Presidency, they might be willing to advance, in
the Hungarian scrip style, ten per cent, of these
fifty millions, or five millions; and they would
make by the operation, forty-five millions, with
an absolute certainty. Our friends of the Democ-
racy are keen at a sharp bargain. But if our
choice should fail upon the hero of Chapultepec
and Cerro Gordo, and of all other fields where his
proud war-steed has champed the victorious bit,
they would notget off quite so easy. If this could
be a business transaction, divested of everything
supposed to be dishonorable, sustained by public
opinion; if we could give satisfactory guarantees
of who should be the nominee of the Whig Con-
vention, we would have the money paid over,
after reasonable notice, in a short time after the
books were opened. By going into the political
marts, where offices are bought and sold, and
arranged "out," and "in," the thing would be
very easy.
This is a very dull, and a very dry business to
be giving in a confession here which is exactly at
war with the feelings of my own constituents; but
so it must be. I have seen, also, on the part of
my friend—the editor of the Union—great solici-
tude to exclude General Scott from any intima-
tion, in the terrible session of 1850, directly or in-
directly, of desiring any law to be passed which
should be more efficient in restoring fugitives from
labor to their former service. I find, by looking
at the Journals, that as early as the 3d of January,
3850, that bill was introduced and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary; and, as early as the
17th of January, it was reported back from that
committee. It underwent several days' discussion,
upon a motion which I myself hail the honor to
make, that with the resolution introduced by the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] and the res-
olutions and bills introduced by an honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,]—no longer
here—and the resolution of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Clay,] should be referred to that much-
reviled committee of thirteen. We afterwards
(what seemed to me to be an anomaly in parlia-
mentary business) retained in this body the fugi-
tive slave bill, subject to occasional discussions,
while the same subject was before the committee
of thirteen. The committee reported a bill on that
subject, which we supposed would be quite as
efficient, and less offensive to Northern sentiment,
than the bill which finally became a law.
, By an amendment which was introduced—if I
should speak of committee affairs—I think by the
Senator from Michigan, and which was adopted
and reported by the committee, it would have
placed this law in a much more acceptable and
less offensive condition to the North than the law
which finally passed. But there was a wreck of
the omnibus, and we had to gather the membra
disjecta as we could, and fix them together. In
doing so, we lost sight of the old fugitive slave
bill, reported by the committee of thirteen, and
took that already prepared to our hands by the
Committee on the Judiciary, and that was passed.
General Scott, when he addressed the Union meet-
ing at Castle Garden—when he wrote his letter to
Mr. Clay—when he spoke in the Capitol and the
lobbies of this Chamber, manifesting the utmost
degree of anxiety and solicitude that some plan
of adjustment should be agreed upon by which the
Union would be relieved from the menacing condi-
tion in which it was placed, must have had in con-
templation that with the other great objects. That
he went for all the details of that measure, or for all
the details of all themeasuies usually called the
compromise, I do not undertake to say. I have never
heard him declare it. There were many things
in those several bills which I would have had out
of them if I could. But the Union, like divers
other papers, with a very patriotic spirit, looking
very much to the pacification of the country, de-
sires to reopen this question upon the fugitive
slave bill, and to indicate that General Scott must
say what were his purposes, or that he cannot be
supported by honorable men from the South.
Well, sir, we shall see. I have no apprehensions
upon that subject. I consider him as national
and as patriotic as any man whatsoever who is
named for the Presidency by either of the parties
of the country. He would scorn to acquire a tri-
umph for one section of the country over another;
and nobody would do it but a little two-penny
politician. No enlightened patriot or statesman,
with enlarged views, would ever desire it. It
would be the nidus—the nest of unnumbered ills
in the future—the nest from which, instead of
birds with brilliant plumage, to delight the eye,
and warblings to regale the ear, would issue ser-
pents to sting the American people to madness.
It is unbrotherly, and it is as unwise as it is un-
brotherly to desire such sectional advantages,
miscalled triumphs. No American patriot can,
or will ever desire it.
If 1 were placed upon the confines of the most
distant frontier of the East, or if 1 were placed
upon the banks of the Rio Grande; or if, again, I
were placed in the furthest West, upon the wild
sea-banks, laved by the waves of the Peaceful sea;
or if I were upon the cold heights of the Rocky
Mountains, I should desire to be able to say, with
a full heart, with a swelling, exultant pride, This is
my country; I am an Jlmtrican citizen.
Sir, every portion of the Union, to the enlight-
ened public man, if not equally dear, is dear to
this extent: that he would acquire no undue ad-
vantage over that, jn favor of his own. A man
who would do that, I would not trust with my
purse, in the private walks of life—that is, if it had
anything in it.
But it is said, by a certain class of politicians,
that General Scott should give out a letter and his
views; of what were, and what are, his senti-
ments and opinions. I should like to have seen
what would have been said of a man who would
have required that General Washington should
ride over to his neighbors, in Alexandria, and
have his views duly made out, under proper seals
of office, that he was an honest man and a good
citizen, and might be trusted with the management
of the Government. What would have been said
if such a thing had been proposed with regard to
the elder Adams, Mr. Jefferson, or Mr. Madison ?
It is indicative of a sad declension in the times,
! when you require of such a man the same sort of
j certification that you would for a thousand-dollar
! clerk in one of your bureaus. I had supposed
that the Whig party, with a fresh recollection of
the Kane letter, of the watchword of " Polk, Dal-
las, and the tariff of *42," would not have desired
any more of such things. I do not.
I mean not, on this occasion, to indulge in any-
thing likeeulogium upon my first choice. I think
eulogies of the living are always in bad taste. I
think they are very often misapplied, and not un-
frequently quite ridiculous. I shall attempt no
such thing. Let him stand forth, upon his own
foot, and look upon him as one of the ablest and
most prominent public servants of the country,
who has illustrated our annals in a way that has
commanded the respect and the approbation of his
countrymen, and secured for him the admiration
