1,66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. BO,
■which lie styles his mission ? Can we do it with- j
out giving countenance to that principle?
The gentleman from Tennessee tells us that he
is not afraid of Louis Kossuth; and he says " don't
be afraid." Sir,J do not know whether the gen-
tleman thinks Kossuth a little man, and, there-
fore, not to be feared. I will tell him, however,
that I am by no means in a panic. But I am not
one of those who seem disposed:" to attribute too
little importance to the powers of this man. I be-
lieve him to be a man of great abilities—a man of
rare talents. In my estimation he stands forth as
one of the first of his species.. Every speech,
everything that he-says, bears th< marks, the deep
unmistakable impress of mind, of intellect, and
of genius of the highest order. It is because T ad-
mire him, and believe that he has the mind to
appreciate sense and intellect, that I wish not to
go through with the solemn mockery that gen-
tlemen here would urge upon the American Con-
gress. Let us not ask him in the House that we
m'ay tell him that we do not intend to indorse this
new principle of his. If we do not intend to give
him the indorsement, let us treat him with that
dignity that will become him and ourselves. But,
sir, the gentleman says again, " don't be afraid."
Well, I will say to him I was not very apprehen-
sive myself of the effect of this illustrious foreign-
er's influence upon the American mind until I came
tft here this morning. Since tiien, I must confess
my mind has had reason to undergo a change on
that subject. It is true, we are told with an easy
air and grace not to be afraid that the legacy of
Washington will be thrown away! Sir, those
were wise and patriotic words that fell from the
lips of Patrick Hefiry, "The price of liberty is
eternal vigilance." I have received a new lesson
upon that subject here this day. We are here in
the American Congress, having intrusted to us, if
you please, that legacy. I hold in my hand the
Constitution of the United States, which imbodies
that language, and which we have all sworn to
support—that this Constitution says that the mem-
bers of this House shall make rules for their gov-
ernment. We have made rules in the exercise of
this power granted Here they are. These rules
are the law of this House—as much binding upon
every member of it as any law of the land. The
17th of these rules declares who shall be entitled
to a place or seat on this floor. All others are
excluded. Louis Kossuth does not come within
either of the classes of persons herein named as
those who may be admitted upon the floor. The
136th rule declares that there shall be no change or
alteration of either of the standing rules of this
House without one day's notice. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Caiitter] comes in heie and
moves a resolution giving the privileges of the
floor to a person not now entitled under the 17th
standing rule, and without any notice. Not only
this, but he moves this resolution in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, where, ac-
cording to all parliamentary law, no original mat-
ter can originate; and yet I have here this day
seen amajority of this House disregard precedent,
usage, and the express law of the House under
the Constitution, and sustain this unheard-of pro-
ceeding—carried away, I suppose, by this late
contagious sympathy for the cause of intervening
in other nations'affairs in ord%r to give and se-
cure universal liberty to mankind. And I have
seen the gentleman from Tennessee himself acting
with that majority—riding "rough-shod" over
the laws of this House to be civil and courteous
to a man who comes here to teach us that Washing-
ton did not understand the interests of this coun-
try as well as he does—this, too, in the very pre-;
gence of the Father of his Country, as his noble j
countenance beams from yonder canvas. It
comes, sir, with a bad grace from the gentleman
to tell m§, in the midst of these scenes, and what
I have here this day witnessed, not to be " afraid
that the legacy of Washington will be thrown,
away." Here the gentleman stands, and here a
majority of this House stands, presenting the ,
strange spectacle to the world of taking the initia- i
tive step for assuming jurisdiction over the liber- i
ties of all the rest of mankind by grossly violating I
and overriding the laws of their own GovenT-'
mem. Poor defenders,gentlemen, you will prove !
youiselves to be of other people's liberties when !
you will not maintain the bulwarks of your own!
And never would I, if I were Kossuth, place
much reliance on the promises of any people to
defend the liberties of my country, when they paid
so little regard to the principles of their own.
Sir, I say again, T was disposed to have little
apprehension of the effect of Kossuth's progress
here till I saw that his coming had disorganized
the American House of Representatives. An-
swer me, answer me, any man upon this floor,
whether you-can pass the resolution to-day with-
out beating down and battering down the law by
which you are governed, and with it one of the
safeguards of the Constitution of your country?
You cannot do it. Gentlemen speak a great deal
of down-trodden Europe and liberty. Sir, I am
an admirer of liberty; T am a friend of liberty;
but the liberty I have attachment for is constitu-
tional liberty. It is not a wild unrestrained licen-
tiousness, but it is a liberty defined and regulated
by written law. It is such liberty as I find in my
own country, and nowhere else on the habitable
globe. For this reason I love my country—this
" my fatherland." And when we look out upon
the nations of the earth and see our country rising
up as the great light of the world to cheer up the
spirits and gladden the hearts of the victims of
power and misrule elsewhere—when I look upon
it, as the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry]
says, as " the pillar of cloud and of fire" to direct
other nations in their exodus from tyranny and des-
potism—it may not be impertinent to ask ourselves,
what is it that makes it so ? What are the massive
columns that uphold this towering dome of Ameri-
can liberty in its majestic might—in that grandeur
which challenges the admiration of the world ?
My countrymen—for so shall I appeal to you
this day while you are acting, as you now are,
upon this resolution in violation of the law of the
House—I address you as a town-meeting, for yon
have no rightful power to consider this resolution
but by an overthrow of your own rules and in
open disregard of public law—I say to you, that
this great work of American liberty, my country-
men, this great achievement which no other na-
tion or people have ever attained, depends solely
upon the supremacy of the law. This is the
whole secret—a strict maintenance of the law.
The first step towards despotism is a disregard of
law. When the restraints of law are removed,
anarchy reigns until force is called in for self-pres-
ervation ; and I call upon every man that regards
his own country, not only to stand this day by
the laws of this House, but by the principles upon
which his own Government was founded, and do
not, in an eager desire to be conspicuous in giving
evidence of a surpassing liberality abroad, over-
throw and demolish the outposts of liberty at
home.
Mr. GENTRY. In reply to my friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Stuphhns,] I will say, in all frank-
ness, that although I have been a member of this
Housea good many years, I havenot scanned and
studied the rules with great care. I have thought
that, generally, business was more expedited by
acquiescing in a wrong decision, than by debating
questionsof order; and hence I generally put myself
under the protection of the Speaker, or the Chair-
man, as the case may be, and in most cases am wil-
ling to abide their decision. Thus frankly disclaim-
ing everything like pretensions to a very accurate
knowledge of the rules of the House, and of par-
liamentary law, I must say that the gentleman's
argument rests mainly upon an assumption,which,
in my humble opinion, is unfounded in fact. In
my opinion, the House has not overridden its rules,
as contended by the gentleman. If you look into
the copy of the rules before you, you will find it
noted there, that in the early history of the Gov-
ernment no proposition touching an appropriation
of money could originate elsewhere than in a
Committee of the Whole House. That, being found
inconvenient, the rule was changed in that regard.
My opinion is, that when the House chooses to
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole upon
the state of the Union, the Committee of the Whole
may make any report back to the House which
it may believe to be demanded by the exigencies
of the Union. That is my belief; but I will waive
that. I will not argue it. It is needless to do so.
In answer to the gentleman's argument that to
pass the resolution now under consideration will
he to change a standing rule of the House, in pal-
pable violation of that rule of the House which
requires notice to be given in advance of such
proposition, before it can be made, I maintain
that by the astion now proposed we change no
standing rule of the House. We only make an ex-
ception to the operation of a standing rule. I hope
that this distinction will be borne in mind. We
change no standing rule of the House. We agree
to invite Jjouis Kossuth upon this floor, hut the
standing rule remains unchanged. We simply,
by virtue of power residing in this House, in view
of reasons satisfactory to ourselves, choose to
make an exception to a standing rule, which we
have prescribed for our'everyday ordinary govern-
ment; and that standing rule still remains un-
changed as the common law of the House. We
choose, for reasons satisfactory to ourselves, to
make an exception to the standing rule for this
present necessity. I have so high an opinion of
the fairness and candor of the gentleman who has
spoken, that I cannot even intimate that he has in-
dulged in any intentional sophistry upon this ques-
tion. I think, however, that when the excitement
of the hour has passed from his mind, when he
reviews his argument, he will see that he has not
to-day met this question fairly and squarely, as he
usually meets questions. I think he has not ex-
hibited his usual candor. I think the skill of the
advocate has pushed aside the candor of the man.
I think he plays the lawyer a little upon this occa-
sion . i .
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. _ Will the gen-
tleman allow me to put a case to him which tests
the sophistry.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Rantoul} had yielded
the floor to allow an explanation to be made, and
he did not conceive the gentleman had a right to
yield it to others
Mr. RANTOUL yielded the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. We have a
standing rule of this House that bills shall be
offered in a particular manner. Suppose an indi-
vidual member arises and moves as an exception
to allow his bill to come in, would it be sophistry
to urge that the House should not change the rule?
No, no, I move barely this as an exception to the
standing rules. You cannot make an exception to
a standing r<*fe, but by changing if. The rule lias
to be removed to make the exception. I think
.the gentleman would so decide, could he see
through the Kossuth fog which has come over his
brain.
Mr. GENTRY. 1 would gladly answer the
question propounded to me by my friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] but another gentleman
was talking to me when he propounded it, and
prevented me from hearing or comprehending him.
It is by no means essential to the purpose of this
debote, waiving all question of rules, I assume
here, and do it fearlessly, that while ordinarily due.
deference and observation ought to be paid to the
rules we have instituted for the regulation of the
ordinary business of legislation, an occasion may
arise when the rules may be set aside by the will
of the House, in deference to what the public ne-
cessity may demand. We do it every day upon
the most trivial questions, and I am surprised that
the thunders of my friend's eloquence have not
heretofore been heard upon this floor, when he has
seen questions of order decided one way to-day,
and reversed the next day. We have constantly-re-
curring examples of opposite and contrary discus-
sion upon questions of order, just according to the
humor of the House. I am sure this declaration
will be supported by every gentleman who has
any experience on the floor. This habit has, I
think, grown into an abuse that ought to be cor-
rected. However, admitting what he says is true,
I stand where I stood in regard to the proprieties
of the occasion. I do not admit the arguments
or conclusions of the gentleman He says if we
invite the gentleman in we are bound to indorse
his note. I am willing to rest it there. I say if
a man of high character, of honorable and high
aim, one as he has been so known and recognized
through his whole life, shall be overtaken and
overwhelmed by misfortune, although I may be-
lieve he had come to my house to ask me to in-
dorse his note for §50,000, which in view of what
was due to myself and children, I would be bound
to refuse, yet I could not, as a gentleman, shut
the door in his face, because I knew he had come
to ask a favor which duty would not permit me
to grant. Am not I, under such circumstances,
bound to invite him in? Am not I bound to ex-
tend to him every civility, which a gentleman
and especially a gentleman overwhelmed by mis!
