1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1943
Mr. JOHNSON. I am sure the question could
not have been understood. I call for a division
upon the question.
The House was then divided, and there ap-
peared to be no quorum voting.
By unanimous consent, tellers were then or-
dered; and Messrs. Chanisler and Letcher
were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 90, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the committee.
Mr. TUCK, (resuming.) I have proposed this
amendment not because I had any particular par-
tiality for the western country, but because I be-
lieved an appropriation ought to be made for the
improvement of this river, if any harbor and river
bill should ever pass Congress. The Illinois river
passes through the great State of Illinois, embra-
cing a tract of country of greater fertility than
any other of equal extent in the whole country.
That State now sends seven Representatives to
Congress, and in the next Congress will send
nine. The Illinois river runs through the richest
portion of that country, and connects and commu-
nicates, by means of other rivers, with the most
distant parts of the State. I think if the commit-
tee will consider the magnitude of this river, and
the extent of the commerce carried over it, they
will consent to include this appropriation in the
bill.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I desire to know if the
gentleman is not acting under the five minute
rule?
The CHAIltMAN. The time taken up by the
point of order which was raised is not taken out
of the gentleman's time, and his five minutes have
not yet expired.
Mr. TUCK. I hope gentlemen will permit this
general system of internal improvement to be per-
fected by introducing this meritorious item. They
may be prevented hereafter from adopting any
"general system;" and I advise them to make the
present system as perfect as possible. Let them
do all they can to develop the resources of the
country before they become bound, hand and foot,
according to the Democratic platform, against all
improvements, either for East or West.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Mr. Chairman, I
am opposed to this amendment, both as an eastern
man and as a fair-minded man. As an eastern
man, I am opposed to it upon this ground: If west-
ern men are disposed to put eastern men in a
wrong position, I am disposed to correct them.
Now, sir, this bill contains within it appropria-
tions for improvements west of the slope of the
Allegany range of mountains to the amount of
$717,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that he must confine his remarks
strictly to showing why this particular amendment
should not be adopted.
Mr. FULLER. That is precisely what I am
doing. I am bringing my argument directly to
bear upon the point to show why the gentleman's
amendment should not prevail.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that any remarks upon the general merits or de-
merits of the bill are not in order.
Mr. FULLER. Certainly. 1 am bringing my
remarks to show why the appropriation should
not prevail.
The CHAIRMAN. The pointthe Chair makes
is, that the rule closing debate is positive, and
that the rule granting five minutes' debate must be
construed strictly to apply to remarks in explana-
tion of the amendment or in opposition to the par-
ticular amendmentunder consideration. No allu-
sion can be made to the merits or demerits of the
bill itself.
Mr. FULLER. Well, sir, I will endeavor to
confine myself to the rules prescribed by the
Chair.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make a suggestion.
While I believe the Chair to be decidedly correct
in his decision, I beg to ask this question: Sup-
pose the amendment offered was already provided
in the bill, would it not be competent to oppose it
upon the ground that the very same provision was
in the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. STUART. Well, that is just what the
gentleman was doing.
Mr. FULLER. I am very much obliged to the
gentleman for his suggestion. I say the amend- }
meitt of the gentleman from New Hampshire I
should not be adopted, because it will be doing in- j
justice to other sections of the ^country, and be- ]
cause it would be making an appropriation for a !
section of country which has no claim upon the !
Government, and which has been amply and lib- '
erally provided for.
Mr. TUCK. Then I understand the gentleman
to object to this amendment because the West
have already larger appropriations than the East.
Now, I would ask him if the West have not voted
for appropriations to be expended upon the Atlan-
tic coast many times when they had not one dol-
lar appropriated to themselves?
Mr. FULLER. Not to my knowledge. 1 am
not aware of any bill of this kind in which the ;
western country has not its full share of the pub- i
lie money. |
Another reason why I am opposed to the appro-
priation recommended in the amendment of the '
gentleman from New Hampshire is, that there are t
no estimates from the proper Department for the j
amount required upon that river. There are no
particular obstructions pointed out, and no partic-
ular estimates for the removal of those obstruc- 1
lions; so that the committee can determine whether
the appropriations contained in this amendment
are proper or not.
Mr. YATES. In the remarks which I sub-
mitted upon this subject on Saturday, I showed
that estimates had been made. I referred to a re-
port of the Topographical Rureau made to the
Senate, showing what those obstructions were,
and their number. This information the gentle-
man can find ill my printed speech, published in
the Globe of this morning.
Mr. FULLER. I do not pretend to deny that
there may have been at some time an exploration \
and survey of the Illinois river. What I desire to j
say is, that there has been no survey, accompany-
ing the sum which it is now proposed to appro- j
priate, showing its pertinency to the improvement
for which it is to be made. |
The question being upon the adoption of the \
amendment, j
Mr. TUCK demanded tellers; which were not ;
ordered. j
The question was taken, and the amendment i
was not agreed to. I
Mr. GREEN. I offer the following amend- j
ment, viz:
For lilt; removal of a bar in Sandusky Bay, on Lake line,
at the mouth of Sandusky river, S'I0,(J()0.
Mr. Chairman, I do riot offer this amendment
for the purpose of obstructing the passage of this
bill, nor do I desire to take up the time of the
committee in discussing it. I will simply say that J
while the entrances of almost every river and
harbor upon Lake Erie have received appropria- \
lions, this one has been entirely neglected. We
have expended ourselves $10,000 in removing ob- J
structions in the river, and we now ask for this 1
sum for the removal of the bar in the bay, at the ,
mouth of the river. j
There is considerable commerce carried on there,
although to a great disadvantage in consequence j
of that obstruction, and simple justice to that sec- j
don of the lake country requires that we should |
have this appropriation. We only ask, sir, an |
amount equal to that which we have made up by i
private enterprise, and expended upon that work. :
I hope, Mr. Chairman, the amendment will be .
agreed to. 1 call for tellers on the question. j
Tellers were not ordered. \
The question was then taken, and the amend-
mend was not agreed to. j
Mr. MOLONY. Mr. Chairman, I propose the
following amendment: 1
For the construction of a breakwater and piers at Wau- j
kegan, Illinois, §10,000. :
There was submitted to the Committee on Com- ;
merce an estimate for a harbor of refuge at this I
port, on Lake Michigan, with reasons why an ;
appropriation should be made for it, which should j
have been conclusive in favor of it with the com-
mittee.
Colonel Abeit, the head of the Topographical
Corps, reports, in response to a call made upon
him by the chairman of the Committee on Com- !
merce, " that from an actual and careful survey of
that port, he is convinced of the necessity of a
harbor of refuge there for the safety of the general
commerce of the lakes;" and he accordingly sub-
mits, for the consideration of the committee, an
estimate which was about one half the amount of
any estimate ever, submitted for a harbor upon
Lake Michigan, which, he says, will make a har-
bor of refuge at that port better than any one no w
upon the lakes.
When the committee consider that notiess than
$2,000,000 and six hundred lives have been lost
upon the northwestern lakes, in the last four years,
atid that for the last fourteen years not one dollar
has been appropriated to the commerce there, it is
hoped that an object so strongly recommended by
that officer, whose position enables him to know,
and whose duty it is to report in relation to the
urgent necessities of that commerce, and to whose
report the greatest respect should be paid by the
committee and the House, will not be rejected by
the committee. The committee have gone behind
the Topographical Bureau, whenever injustice to
any particular locality has been charged upon
them, alleging that no estimates had been submit-
ted by the War Department for the object; also
affirming that, as a rule of action, they had been
guided by it in their recommendations in this bill
now pending.
The rule adopted by the committee is generally
a very correct one; but in this instance they have
violated their own rule, and not reported in favor
of this object—a harbor of refuge at Waukegan—
which had been urged upon their favorable con-
sideration, by reasons as cogent as any submitted
in behalf of any object in the hill.
The committee have clearly departed from a rule
of action of their own adoption, showing no good
reason for it, and I hope that my amendment will
be adopted by the committee. I demand tellers
on the question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The next clause of the bill was then reported
as follows:
"For the construction of ahaibor on the east Bide of
Reedy Island, Port Perm, Delaware, $51,090."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
strike out that clause in the bill.
I make my motion, Mr. Chairman, for the pur-
pose of hearing from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, the considerations which in-
duced the committee to put that clause in the
bill.
I find, upon an examination of the estimates
by which the committee were guided, no trace of
an estimate for this work. I understand that upon
the west side of that island, a harbor is already
constructed, and I do not understand why we
should commence the construction of one upon
the east side of the island. This is a large appro-
priation, and probably the gentlemen at the head
of the Committee on Commerce [Mr. Seysiocr]
can explain the necessity of it.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I have here-
tofore called the attention of the committee in gen-
eral terms, to this appropriation for the construc-
tion of a harbor on the east side of Reedy Island,
Port Penn, in Delaware. Port Peen was one of
those points on the Delaware river, where a pier,
constructed by the State authorities, was many
years ago ceded to the General Government, with
an understanding that the Government should
keep it in repair. The Government proceeded, for
several years, to appropriate large sums of money
for the purpose of keeping in repair these works,
which were upon the west side of the island, and
between that and the western shore of the Dela-
ware. But it has been found that the old struc-
ture will not answer the purpose for which it was
intended, so well as the construction of another
harbor of the same character upon the eastern side
of this small island, where the water is deeper,
and where a better anchorage can be had for ships.
And I will say to the committee, that the differ-
ence of expense between the new structure that is
proposed, and the repair of the old structure, is
about two thousand dollars.
The whole subject has been referred to the Top-
ographical Bureau, and they sent an officer of
great ability, a topographical engineer, who ex-
amined into the matter, and I hold in my hand a
long correspondence, and several volurninous and
very interesting reports upon that subject, which
are full of proofs of the necessity of the harbor,
and the expediency of constructing that upon the
