1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
fortune, has a right to demand ? Am I not ail the
more bound to be thus courteous, because of his
misfortunes; because those misfortunes will make
him more sensitive to the slightest omission of
courtesy? And am I not bound to be more assid-
uously observant of such courtesy, because I know
that presently I will be under the painful necessity
of refusing; him a favor? I will not argue it. I
refer it to your hearts. I refer it to your feelings
as gentlemen, I say, in regard to tins point there
can be no question.
Well, suppose Kossuth asks us to overturn the
settled policy of the country—supposing him to
come to us, as he says iie does, an humble peti-
tioner in behalf of his downtrodden and ruined
country, to try to induce us to enter into a line of
action which he thinks will resuscitate, resurrect,
and restore his country to national existence,
although we know we cannot grant his request
consistently with the duties and obligations which •
are binding upon us, still shall we treat him !
rudely? Cannot we excuse him for a little ex-
travagance in this regard ? Suppose lie sees the
advice and views and opinions of Washington :
standing in his way, and that he, in the extremity
of his desire to make an impression upon us, to .
accomplish something for that bleeding and ruined !
country of his, which he has left behind—suppose •
lie shall argue and try to persuade us to disregard ;
even the policy of Washington—we will not do it,
I trust—cannot we pardon something in the mo-
tives that animate and the object which impels
him in these efforts for his countrymen and his
annihilated country? If we believe his motives to
be high and honorable, cannot we sympathize
with him in those motives and objects, although
we see, as in the case of the unfortunate gentleman
■who comes and asks us to be responsible for !
$50,000, that we cannot indorse the note without I
ruining ourselves, yet we must treat him with all •
possible courtesy? We must not offend or regard j
him as a madman, because in his enthusiasm he 1
believes he will be able to convey us harmlessly ,
through the enterprise—like the unfortunate gen- i
tleman who asks you to indorse his note, and 1
%vho, in his anxiety to escape from the hands of
the sheriff and marshal, and save his wife and j
children from poverty and ruin, may ask us to :
trust in HIS HOPE, rather than in any reason-
able and rational prospect. That is the preewe j
posture of the question, and we ought to be Xmani- ;
mous. I do not wish to be understood as reproach-
ing any gentleman. My opinion is, the whole
argument against this resolution is founded upon
erroneous assumptions and false premises. I re-
gret this debate. We ought to have acted unani-
mously, and I hope we may do so yet.
Mr. RANTOUL. I desire to say that I shall |
vote for this resolution, not because I consider
Louis Kossuth to be identified with the great cause
of European liberty—although I sympathize
strongly with all who are the champions of that :
cause,—nor simply because he stands before the '
country as a champion of national independence— i
although there is no holier or higher cause in !
which man can be engaged than that; but because !
he comes here the representative of a principle
heretofore almost peculiar to our own institutions.
The ease of Hungary is the case of a sovereign
independent State united with other States under ,
one common executive for limited and specific
purposes, that sovereign State reserving her own
rights, and Louis Kossuth stands here before the
country, the first European that ever stepped upon ,
our shores, the champion of State rights. It is that
principle which he personifies, and no other man 1
ever came from the Old World that could be said
to personify it. That is the highest claim which ,
he has upon my regard, and, as I believe, upon the
regard of the civilized world. What was the case !
of Hungary for several hundred years' She had !
constituted a part of a confederated Empire—she
had had her own rights and guarded them with
jealous care, and she had her separate State inde-
pendence and sovereignty, which perished through
the encroachments of the central power—a power
created originally under express limitations. If
this Republic shall go the downward path which
every republic has gone whose history has been
written, from what cause will it perish5 I stand ,
here to welcome Louis Kossuth because I love this i
Union and pray that it may be eternal; but I see !
in this Government a symptom of mortality, and 1
what is it? If this Government shall perish, it i
will perish by the encroachments of the central
power upon the reserved rights of th 1 separate
States. And here stands a man whose whole life
has been devoted to the vindication of State rights
against consolidation and centralization. That
is the principle he iuibodies, and it is for that we
should welcome him here, if we welcome him at
all—as I trust in God we shall do cheerfully and
with our who'e hearts.
Now, what is the reason why liberty has been
impossible in Europe from the earliest times down
to the present day? Simply because they have
had no contrivance there for dividing the powers
of the Government among many different admin-
istrations. How was it that that great man—the
apostle of liberty in two worlds—and his com-
peers failed to establish constitutional government
m France? Why is constitutional liberty impos-
sible now in France ? For one reason, aifd one
only; and that is, because all the powers of the
Government are intrusted to one central power.
And that power must of necessity be altogether too
strong for liberty to exist anywhere.
And, sir, when I see here m this country the uni-
versal tendency of power to attract to itselfall pow-
er; when I see that there must, some day or other,
come up the question, Shall this duster of Republics
cease to be a cluster of Republics? Shall it be-
comeanational Government? When I seea party
sometimes calling itself national, because it carries
national powers further than other men are dis-
posed to carry them; when I see such tendencies
—I allude not to the present time particularly, but
to different periods since the foundation of our
Government—when I see that that is the great
danger against which every man m this country
ought to contend wjio desires the preservation of
our institutions; and when I see here a man who
has devoted his life, his energies, his genius—a
genius which 1 will not now pause to characterize,
for I trust all around me appreciate it as I do—a
man who has devoted all the powers that God has
given him to the single purpose of defending the
institutions and independence of his country
against the central power of her Federal Govern-
ment, I ask myself, is it possible that any man who
sees in the rights of the several States the bulwark
andsafeguardof ourliberties, can for a moment hes-
itate to welcome such a man? The mystery is to
me incomprehensible. I confess I cannot fathom
it; and nothing that I have yet heard in the debate
upon this floor has given me any assistance in
understanding what is at the bottom of this unwil-
lingness to welcome our brother, our friend, our
copatriot in the defence of that great principle
which lies at the foundation of all our institutions.
If, sir, Louis Kossuth had not been brought
here in a government ship—if he had come in his
own vessel, at his own expense—if he had never
been heard of except as the champion of the prin-
ciple which I have already specified—that alone
would have been claim enough on me. And
when such a man has been brought here at the
national expense, are we to stand parleying while
he is at the door, and debating whether we will
let him in or shut him out? What new light have
we on this subject ? Are we to say that by admitting
Louis Kossuth we sanction all theopinionsthathe
has ever uttered ? If that be so, we never should
have invited him here. He had uttered a good
many opinions before he came to this country in
which 1 for one could not agree with him. But I
say that we must take the man as the glorious
representative of a glorious cause. As such we
can take him to our hearts, differ from us as he
may on a great variety of questions, and import-
ant questions, too, that may arise. All honest
men, having sound intellects, do differ. When I
find two men agreeing precisely in opinion, I take
it for granted that they are cither both fools, or
that one of them is a fool and is controlled by the
other. This man has a right to his own opinions.
Lethim express them,and express them fearlessly.
I do not say by my vote that I indorse any of
his opinions. I simply say that I glory in wel-
coming to America the peculiar champion of the
great principles of American institutions.
With this exposition I am willing that my vote
shall go forth to the country, and whatever course
Kossuth may hereafter take, I shall not feel that
I have reason to regret that vote.
Mr. EWING. I am gratified to have the op-
portunity of making a brief explanation (and I
promise it shall be nothing more) of the vote which
I shall give upon this resolution. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] will observe the incon-
sistency in which his own position upon this sub-
ject involves him, when ne speaks of our being
committed-to this act by steps heretofore taken,
upon this ground calls upon us to adopt the reso-
lution now before us, and yet tells us we cannot
possibly be committed to anything further by what
we are now to do.
It seems to me, sir, that the time has already
come when we should stop and inquire howmucli
further we are to go. If we are committed, first
by the offer of a vessel under a misunderstanding,
to extend a national welcome, and then by this
welcome forced to lavish these extraordinary hon-
ors upon this individual, patriotthough he be, and
unsatisfied with the hospitality so liberally ex-
tended by the people, to turn this great council-
house of -the nation into a reception room, we
have a right to stop, and before we go further to
demand whither we are tending, and how much
further we are to be driven on and on and on, by
the consequences of one act to the perpetration of
another. " He tells you with sufficient plainness,
his view of the matter, and we owe Mr. Kossuth—
(I ask his pardon if I do him injustice m denying
him a title)—we owe him a debt of gratitude for
his candor. He has proclaimed over this land,
that if we are once committed to say to Russia, in
diplomatic phrase, as has been proposed already
by some gentlemen on this floor, that we will not
be indifferent to a second interference on her part;
and if she does not subvert her whole policy in
deference to our protest, we must then go to war,
or be degraded before the eyes of the civilized
world! Startling commentary upon this new doc-
trine of precedents and commitals!
It is said that he comes here as the representa-
tive of State-rights doctrines. I much fear me
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ran-
toul,] who has just taken his seat, has learned
that doctrine too recently fully to appreciate or
comprehend it. State-rights doctrines ! Let me
ask those gentlemen, who have hitherto com-
plained of the encroachments of the Federal Gov-
ernment in the exercise of implied and doubtful
powers—who have complained of thelatitudinary
construction of the Constitution—whether the
teachings of Louis Kossuth are in conformity
with a strict construction of that instrument?—
which, as much as he may despise the political
philosophy of its framers, tells us, in language
too plain to be mistaken, that it was formed u to
secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our
posterity," not to Hungary or any other people on
earth. Let me ask those gentlemen who have been
so much shocked at the idea of expending two or
three pitiful millions in the improvement of the
navigation of our streams, where they find the
power for the expenditure of untold millions in a
scheme of knight-errantry to redress the wrong's
of every oppressed people, and if of every people,
of course of every oppressed individual upon the
face of this broad earth ? Every subject of Aus-
tria has rights as sacred as those of her Hunga-
rian subjects, and have, too, many of them, strug-
gled to assert them. Without kinship, with no
ties of relationship, we are called upon to go to
the extreme boundaries of civilization, even to ihfe
borders of barbarism itself, upon a crusade in the
cause of liberty, while tens of thousands of us,
American citizens with Irish blood flowing in our
veins, have looked idly, passively, inactively on
while Great Britain has denied those sacred rights
to Ireland. But in this new crusade the Crescent
and the Cross are to be united in the same cause !
Those banners which are floating in so strange a
combination over our great capitals, which are kiss-
ing each other in so new and extraordinary a friend-
ship, are no more to flout defiance at each other,
as they have hitherto done upon so many a battle-
field; but the Union .Tack and the Stars and Stripes,
the Crescent and the Cross, are henceforth to march
side by side in the van of the armies of Liberty!
In this reunion of the ancient oppressor and the
revolted colonies, we might well inquire who is to
be-the annexer and who the annexed ? We should
not be o"\er confident in our own past success, for
the conqueror of India and of Canada, upon whose
dominions the sun never sets, may with some
reason boast her greater proficiency in this rival
art. What new developments are to be made, sir,
in our relations with the world ? what new system
to be built up on the ruins of the ancientpolicy of
