1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
Mr. MANGUM. I suppose I can as well an-
swer for the Senator. [Laughter.] Gentlemen,
therefore, need not show so much eolicitude in re-
gard to a matter in which they have so little per-
sonal interest—California, as a State, has just none
at all. But, sir, I beg pardon, they have an in-
terest—a deep interest—an interest involving fifty
millions of dollars; because, I repeat, that if we
give them a satisfactory guarantee to make a cer-
tain nomination, they hope to get in. I have noth-
ing further to say on that subject, except that it
might be a little inconvenient to some of the Dem-
ocratic candidates to be placed on the stand, and I
were permitted, unskilled as I am of late years,
to run them through a course of searching exam-
ination. I should like to know what are their
opinions about the existence of Mexican law in
certain cases. Sir, I have but little respect for the
legal opinions of some on that subject. I have my
own opinion, however, on that matter, and should
like to know their opinions on that and divers other
small matters. Those opinions, however, will
not influence my vote, and I would say fmther,
that I do not think it proper nor decorous to place
those gentleman on the stand to answer such in-
quiries.
Mr. GWIN. I shall detain the Senate but a
moment.
The Senator from North Carolina presented
himself formally before the Senate this morning,
according to a not.ce which he had given last
evening, for the purpose of announcing the fact,
that he is in favor of General Scott for the Presi-
dency. He has given his reasons, and among
those reasons he has said that General Scott is as
much in favor of all the compromise measures,
including the fugitive slave law, as any candidate
of the Whig party, for the Presidency. 1 there-
fore inferred that he spoke from authority, and
thought it pertinent arid respectful to make the in-
quiry. No Democratic candidatehas been brought ;
forward this morning in connection with this que*- :
tion; but I will say that if the nominee of the Bal-
timore Democratic Convention is not in favor of
executing the fugitive slave law as it is, and op-
posed to any alteration of that law, 1 shall oppose
his election. I take that responsibility in my place
here, and I take the further responsibility of say-
ing that the gentleman can name no person, who
is prominent among the proposed candidates of the
Democratic party, who does not intend to main-
tain that law, or who has a shadow of doubt as to
his position on this question.
Mr. MANGUM. That is true.
Mr. GWIN. There is a doubt in regard to
General Scott's position. lie has written letters
heretofore; let him write another, and pledge him-
self to the country and the world, that if elected
Presidentof theUnited States,lie will execute this
law as it is, and oppose luiy amendment of it.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 consider this a fit occasion
upon which to ask the indulgence of the Senate,
for the first time in my Congressional career, to
say a word or two in relation to myself.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator can proceed
if such is the pleasure of the Senate.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWSON. What I have to say, Mr. ,
President, is entirely in relation to myself. It is I'
known to this body that it is not my habit to speak i
of myselfin die Senate, or to "de/ine my position." !
My acts heretofore have determined my public and I
party relations. But a position has been assigned
to me, without any action of my own, in the New
York Herald, a widely-circulated and influential .
journal, which requires some notice from me. I ,
refer particularly to articles published on Sunday :
and Tuesday last. The first is headed "The1
Whig Caucus at Washington—Scott and the Fugi- j
tiveLaw—Trouble in the Camp." It iso lon^und '.
interesting and admirably written article, contain- '■]
ing many things which receive mv approval; but
that part which refers to me is founded m mistake, i
The article of Sunday, the 11th of April, is in
these words: I
'''Jin: Wiik. (jartr-> ar Washington—l^co-ti v.nd ■
th* Frunivh L<\v—Thoubik in* tub Cam? —We pub- j
ii.-.hed, o.xclusivuly, yesterday morning, the proceeding of l;
the Whic Congressional caucus, held m th«  Capitol oifFri- i
day mghf. lot the purpose of arranging the time and place 1
tor tim Wins National Conveniion As our readeis will !
have discovered, there was involved m that caucus the i'
mo.-f tmporfaiif movement, bv isJI edds, that has s-prtm" up j
at Washington sine-!' the meeting of Congress. It js f«u i
more important than any public measure of legislation, 1
pas-ed or proposed, (tecau-e it involves the permanent 11
question whether the powers of the Federal Government
shall be surrendered into the hands of Seward and the anti-
sJavery agitators, as far as the Whig party are concerned,
or whether the Union, the Compromise, and the Consti-
tution shall be proclaimed as the basis of Whig principles.
That is the issue between the Whigs of the North and the
Whigs of the South. That is the issue upon which Gen-
eral iScott is to lie tried.
"The two most prominent characters in this Whig cau-
cus, were Mr. Mangum, of North Carolina, the chairman,
and the gallant Humphrey Marshall, of Kentucky, the
leader of the forlorn hope of the South, possibly with the
advice and consent of Mr. Clay. Mr. Truman Smith, the
chief cook and hottle-washei of the Tayloi campaign, was,
of course, on hand, and veiy prompt to move a snap judg-
ment upon anything like a declaration of principles. But
j Marshall intercepted him in a very explicit proposition, re-
i quiring ihe Noithern Whiga to show their hands upon the
i slavery question, before the South weie called upon to join
I them m a national convention. The suspicious arBha-
[ tions of Scott with Seward, and his piebald anti-slavery
J and abolition associations, and the equivocal hide-bound
. attitude of Scott on the fugitive slave law, were the reasons
| submitted for this d> mand. And they were enough. Mr.
j Marshall will be justified before the whole country for grap-
i plmgthc bull by the horns, upon the thieshold. It Southern
i men submit to be dragged unconditionally into a national
I convention, thev will go out of it with a capitulation to
, Reward and his schemes, and a base surrender of their
j birthright, for the veiy doubtful chances of a mess of pot-
' tage. Let the Southern Wings bear in mmd that it, by a
sunender to Sewaul. they succeed in the election, it will
be the signal foi renewed war upon the South, backed up
by the whole power of the Administration ; tor there will
be a power behind the throne greater than the throne itself.
But let them also beai m mind, that by an open alliance
with Seward and his vauous knots and cliques ot agitators,
they demoiahze the National Whig paitv—destroy it m
the South—with all the hazards befoie them of a most in-
glorious, defeat, even in the pitiful contest tor the spoils.
"There was a tair exhibition of firmness among the
Southern Whigs, in support ot the proposition ot Mr. Mar-
shall ; but the notice of Mr. Mangum,that he should con-
sider the motion out of oider at the next meeting, and the
adjournment of the caucus to meet again on Tuesday even-
in?, gave a sickly and bad complexion to the whole affair.
Mr. Mangum would undoubtedly, upon a satisfactory plat-
form, be a veiy popular candidate to iuii with Geneia! Scott.
Perhaps his colleagues—Mi. Hadgei of the Senate, and
Mr. Stanly of the House--cnteitain the Name opinion.
It may he that Mr. Senator Dawson, of Georgia, has some
aspirations tor the Vice INesidency. At ail events, theap-
patenL willingness of all these distinguished Southern j
Wlng-5 to take Seott and his light bowej—Seward—upon j
! trust, give a bad aspect to the whole ease—the aspeet of a \
' final caving m to the mo->t insidious and dangeious of all I
, the enemies of Die South. '
| " We have our misgivings that, tn the second meeting of i
j the caucus, the Northern Whig*., aided by a few members \
| from the South, more intent upon ' the s'poils' than upon j
t principles and fidelity to their own institutions, will &uc-
J cced. We have our fears of just that sort of a compromise
! upon which General Taylor was elected, and which re-
; suited in driving the countiy headlong to the verge of civil
J war on the Texas, question. It i« not lor us to presume that
i the death of General Tayloi was a Providential interposition
: foi the salvation of the Union ; but we have reason to sup-
! pose that, had he lived, the influence of hi« Seward cabinet
i would have held him to his mistaken policy, and that the
, very next step in it would have been a war between Texas
; and New Mexico. It is hatdly nceessary to follow the
i eou-equences ot such a Mep at "that time; the end, m all
j human probability, would have been an abrupt dissolution
l of Congress, the secession or the South, and the destruc-
j tion of the Union.
i " Now, the question is, arc the Whigs of the South willing
1 to run tin' risk^ of anothei campaign without a platform"
| We icpe.it, that we have our misgmngs thai Mr. Hum-
| phrey Marshall and the eompromw Whigs of the South will
have toueldtne wall to the foice of numbers, or secede
fiom the Noithern Whig pailv. If they cannot, neither m
. person, nor by pioxy, induce Oeneial Scott to show Ins
j hand or open his mouth upon the fugitive law, then it will
I he a duty which they owe to the Union and the South to
' bolt, and leave the "Noithern Whigs to help them-elves.
The late violent denunciations of the fugitive law, upon the
ca-e of Horace Picston, hj the leading organs of Seward
] n this city and State, abundantly show' that there is to be
no peace upon that question—no finality, no acquiescence
no the pait of ihe Seward wing of the Whig party. Re-
sistance and agitation are to be icnewed in every ca«se of
the recapture or a runaway slave, till the law is icpealed,
and othei inea-ure- are t-ubstituted, which will secure
1reedom lo the tugitive upon crossing Mason ami Dixon's
line, oi the Ohio rner. And this is hut a step m the aboli-
tion programme, ihe ultimatum of which is nothing let s
tnan the total abolition of slaveiy in ihe South, by a peace-
able oi bloody revolution. Thme no discuise in all this.
It is published to the world b\> the anti-slavery societies
them=el\es, of whom Seward is the willing organ in the
Senate. Evciy inch of giound wmch is lost by the South
is a gam to them, and they never iccedean inch. Will,
then, the Southern Wm s knock under and cave in to the
dictation ofSeviaid, and aeeeptlus candidate upon his own
terms, to conciliate his favor and the support of his allies?
That is the question.
'■ The Whigs and the Demoerat- of the South have   ach
the alternative of running an independent ticket, if their
Northern allies will not toe the mark. Thev have thus the ;
power ol tinowing the election into the llou>t of Repre- i
scntativeL. v\ here they wiil have thesnength to defeat the •
schemes of Seward, and the power of giving both parties
an example of their pnnciples, which will do them immense [
good for the futiue. Yet, we .-u-poct tliid Congressional i
Wing caucus will stifle all lnquities foi pnncipJe-*, and '
blindly follow Sevvaid tor the spoils. Will the Southern ;
Whigs then withduaw? We doubt it; but we shall see. '
Iti* difficult to get over ' the cohesive power of the public ]
plunder.' But we «hall see." '
Now, Mr. President, I did not attend that cau-
cus, nor did I participate in its conclusions, either
directly or indirectly; nor am f under any pledge
to abide by the determinations to which those gen-
tlemen may come. My position, I thought, was
well known. It was publicly announced more
than a year since that I would support no man for
the Presidency who would not support the meas-
ures, one andka!l, known as the Compromise,open-
ly and honestly, and with no view to deceive
either the friends or the opponents of these meas-
ures. Hence I avow that I will act with no party
which shall endeavor, either directly or indirectly,
to open for agitation the questions adjusted by the
compromise, even for the purpose of securing
votes at the ensuing presidential election, Nor
will I combine to elect any man to the Presidency,
whose opinions are not beyond doubt or cavil on
I the finality of the compromise; nor shall I, under
any circumstances, act with any party that shall
not have the firmness publicly to avow their sup-
port of the compromise. Nor shall I commit my-
self by attending the Whig or Democratic conven-
tion, as at present advised. I desire to see our
friends in the non-slaveholding States, by their
own action, determine forthemselves whatis their
true position in regard to the agitating questions
of the day. If the South is to have no quiet upon
these questions, I want to know it. The South
herself desires to know it; and if it shall be deter-
mined that agitation is to be continued, then my
word for it there will be no division in the South;
there will be, as there shouM be, but one senti-
ment—that of union against unconstitutional ag-
gressions.
The next editorial, from the paper of last Tues-
day, is headed, " The Crisis of the Whig Party
ana the South." It is a long and interesting,
i and—like the other—a well-written article. Itcon-
tains many truths; but that part which relates to
myself is also founded in mistake. It is a mistake
j which places me in an attitude, known by all who
; sunound me to be untrue. The article, which
| was published on Tuesday last, the J3th instant,
| is as follows:
j "The Crisis or the Whig Party and the South.—
I We have transferred to our columns to-day, several ex.-
! tiacts fiom our Wail street contemporaries on the subject of
! the late Congressional Whig caucus at Washington. They
1 throw but little additional light upon the matter, yet arc not
i without interest as confirming the character and extent of
! the great trouble which threatens the most abject humilia-
i tion of the Whigs of the South, and the utter demoraliza-
, tion of the whole Whig party.
"The proposition of Mr. Humphrey Marshall in the
, late caucus, for a recognition of k the finality' of thecom-
, promise mudsuies, buntjs the Whig party to a crisis which
! involves the question of its nationality, and the still more
! impoitant questions of the restoration of the confidence of
the South, or the reopening of sectional animosities, and
' the agitation of disunion, from a base surrender to Northern
J Abolitionists. It involves the question of the restoration
of qmet and good will between the two sections, or the re-
j vival, with the connivance of Southern Whigs, of all*the
1 disastrous influences and eonsequences of the anti-slavery
, agitation. It is an issue which makes the Whig party a
; Union party, or an Abolition and Disunion party; a sec-
, tional party, or a national party; a party upon principles,
or a party for plunder; a party of law and order, or a party
of sedition and nullification ; a constitutional party, or a
'higher law' party; a party organized fur the, support of
Howard and his anti-slavery coteries, or a party standing
upon the broad platform of the compromises as they are;
a party for the suppression of agitation—tor the observance
ot good faith towards the South, for the recognition of
Stare.Right*, the reestablishment of peace, and the preser-
vation of the Union. This is the issue upon which the
Wing Congressional caucus of Friday night last adjourned
i ovu to this day week.
" Tins adiourwnent is ominous—the defection among the
' Southern Whigs is ominous; but the declaration ot Mr.
Mangum that he should consider a motion for the declara-
tion of principles out of order, is the most significant feature
, of the whole affair, and the most to be deplored. What are
the tacts of this Wing caucus? The North was there in
strength. William H. Seward, Thaddous Stevens, Mr.
Wade, of Ohio, and other notorious ringleaders of the Abo-
litionists, were there, apparently the most efficient members
in the practical action of the caucus. Certain spirited and
consistent Union Whig members, from Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, and North Carolina, were, there, boldly demanding
an understanding with the Noith, as the first step to united
action ; but they wore overwhelmed. There was a debate
of four hours; but the question was deferred, and Mr. Man-
gum intimated that he should, at the next meeting, rule the
motion for an undeistanding to be out of order. This is
bad, and places Mr. Mangum m a bad position; and the
apparent concurrence in his views by Messrs. Badger,
Dawson. Jones of Tennessee, Stanly, and some other
Southern Whigs, places them m the same questionable at-
titude. Let us briefly explain.
"Tn the spring of 1850, both Houses of Congress were
sorely pei plexed with the complicated unsettled issues glow-
ing out ol the slaveiy question. Serious apprehensions
were entertained of a violent dissolution of Congress and a
speedy disruption of the Union. Henry Clay had thrown
