1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1943
having been referred to us this year must be con-
sidered as containing the Cumberland dam. The
chief of the Department has certified to us that
$260,000 was enough fortheseimprovementsdur-
ing the current fiscal year, instead of $300,000,
which the subordinate certified to him. I trust
the committee will be governed rather by theopin-
ion of the head of the Bureau, and the War De-
partment, than by the opinion of a subordinate
officer. The estimate which we have put into the
bill, without any deduction, is no index what-
ever to the whole sum that may be wanted in the
future to complete these works, but is only intend-
ed for this fiscal year's operation. And here is the
mistake gentlemen have made upon these appro-
priations. You cannot test them by the amount
we propose to report this year. The operations
for this year suffice only for the initiatory step in
these works. We are now to recommence the
work on the western waters, and for the first year
we ask such appropriations as are necessary for
the construction of snag-boats and other boats,
and for the operations upon these waters for the
current fiscal year only, as well as for repairing
the Cumberland dam. This very appropriation
for the Cumberland dam is included m another
part of this bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I would inquiie if the pending
amendment, is in the first degree?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in the first degree.
Mr. DISNEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the sum $10,0(10. I move the
amendment simply for the purpose of enabling
me to say that this work has been duly charac-
terized by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Marshall] as a public nuisance, as it now ob-
structs that stream. The danger lies here: That
if you build up that dam you will obstruct the
navigation of the Ohio, and if you tear it down it
will fill up the mouth of the Cumberland. It is
so great a nuisance that the steamboat men them-
selves will pull the dam away. Certain it is, that
something should be done, and the dam should
not be left in its present position. It should be
either removed or repaired. One or the other of
these things should be done, for as it now stands
it is one of the worst possible nuisances. As re-
gards the estimate of the Department, it is the
veriest of all moonshine. When the engineers
or officers did see it, the dam was in repair. Now
it has been torn partially away, and in the worst
of possible forms, it obstructs the Ohio and does
not relieve the Cumberland. If there be an ap-
propriation made by this House, I think the
amendment I have offered should he adopted.
What amount is necessary to make the repair I
do not know; but I am satisfied that the dam
should be removed, or some other measures taken
in order to leave the navigation of the Ohio unob-
structed. I hope that some appropriation will be
made for the Cumberland.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dis-
ney's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon Mr. Mar-
shall's amendment, tellers were ordered; and
Messrs. Hamilton and Hendricks were ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 32, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WARD. I propose to offer the following
amendment:
For the improvement of the navigation of the Cumber-
land river, $48,000.
In offering this amendment, it may he thought
that I am unnecessarily importunate in regard to
this appropriation; but when gentlemen take into
consideralion the importance of this stream, and
the great interest which my constituents have in
this matter, they will excuse me for my urgency.
It is our misfortune to represent the mountaineers,
than whom there is no class of people in the Uni-
ted States more thoroughly imbued with patriot-
ism. Government has never demanded a duty of
them which they have failed to perform. Who
does not know that the district of country which
I have the honor to represent has contributed
much to the honor of the country, and that she
has always gallantly and manfully responded to
her country's call, in bearing up the stars and
stripes?
Mr. CARTTER. Is it in order to talk about
patriotism and things in general upon this bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair trusts that the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ward] will con-
fine his remarks to the amendment.
Mr. WARD. I will keep in the bounds of or-
der. We have suffered enough in sustaining the
Government, at least to expect that she will ex-
tend a little aid in the improvement of this river. Is
it not enough that citizens of the district which I
have the honor to represent have fallen upon
foreign soil in sustaining the stars and stripes of
our country, hut in addition thereto, citizens of
that district shall be compelled to risk their lives
upon the stream, for the improvement of which I
now ask the beneficent action of the Government,
in granting such aid as will prevent this unneces-
sary sacrifice of the lives and property of the
mountaineers? They have a right to demand
such aid, and it is just and proper that it should
be appropiiated. It seems to me, that there can
be no construction which can be brought to bear
upon this subject, that can negative such a prop-
osition. Upon what grounds, then, do this com-
mittee refuse an appropriation for this river?
Have they refused it upon the supposition that
the wisdom of the Committee on Commerce, who
framed this bill, is infallible?
Mr. SEYMOUR. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question—whether he has ever
presented any estimates to the committee, or ever
called their attention to the wants of that river?
Mr. WARD. I acknowledge the fact, that no
estimate has been presented to the committee. But
should that alter the case? If the appropriation
is a just and proper one, it has claims upon the
consideration of this committee as much as if it
were presented to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman admits that he
never sent any estimate to the committee. Some
gentlemen seem tosuppose that the committee are
bound to hunt up information for themselves.
Here is the amount which has been appropriated
for the improvement of the navigation of the Cum-
berland river in years past. In 1832, $30,000
were appropriated; in 1834, $30,000; in 3836,
$90,000', in 1837, $55,000; in 1838, $20,000;
making in aH over $150,000—three times as much
as the State of Maryland has ever received for her
streams and rivers altogether.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will ask
the gentleman if the same estimates do not show
that we have appropriated two millions of dollars
to the Delaware breakwater alone? and if that is
not as much as you have appropriated to the
western streams altogether?
Mr. WALSH. 1 do not suppose^ it is, but I
have not time to examine it. The Delaware break-
water is not connected with the commerce of one
State, two or three States, but it concerns the in-
terests of the commerce of the whole country.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair call*? gentlemen
to order, as the debate is entirely out of order.
The Chair cannot see what the Delaware break-
water has to do with an appropriation for the
Cumberland river. The debate must be confined
to the merits of that amendment.
Mr. WALSH. In the absence of any inform-
ation as to the manner in which this money has
been expended, how is it possible for any com-
mittee to recommend any further appropriation?
The sum of $150,000 has been appropriated to one
single river in the West, and if there is any evi-
dence to show that it has been all expended, and
that the removal of obstructions in its navigation
.require further expenditure, of course we will sive
it. But certainly no complaint can be made
against a committee of this House, with nothing
but this record before them, and with no recom-
mendation showing the necessity of any further
appropriation.
Mr. WARD demanded tellers upon his amend-
ment, but they were refused.
The question was then put, and a division being
had, there were—ayes 27, noes 73; no quorum
voting.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the question will be taken by tellers, in order to
see if there is a quorum present.
There being no objection, Messrs. Chandler
and Ashe were appointed tellers.
The question was then again put; and it was
decided in the negative—ayes 54, noes 80.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, proposed to
amend the bill by inserting after the seventeenth
line the words:
For removing obstructions at anil near the mouth of the
Pascagoula river, in the State oi'MisMs&tppj, $>10,000.
Mr. B. said: When I proposed this amendment
the other day, I asked for $60,000 in obedience to
the request of the petitioners. The sum was a
large one, and I apprehend that some gentlemen
may have voted against the amendment on account
of its magnitude, and others on account of want
of actual Knowledge as to what was the Pasca-
goula river. The Pascagoula river is one empty-
inginto the Gulf of Mexico, and is nearly as large,
as some gentlemen here may know, as the Sus-
quehanna river, being nearly five miles wide at
its mouth, and running some seventy miles into
the interior, and being for that distance navigable
for the largest class of steamers. There is, how-
ever, an obstruction at the mouth of it which
renders its navigation entirely useless. If gentle-
men desire to know what that obstruction is, what
is to be sought for above the river, and what is to
be carried upon it,I can inform them that the trib-
utaries of the Pascagoula lead into the most
fertile portion of the cotton-giowing region, and
that its banks are thickly covered with hve-oak
and with the very finest species of pine. The ob-
struction consists in a deposit of earth and sand,
making a bar near the mouth of the river which
renders its navigation wholly impracticable except
when the tide is in a particular direction, or when
a storm raises the waters so high as to enable a
vessel to pass over the bar; and when once ves-
sels get into the river, it is exceedingly question-
able when they will get out again. Under these
circumstances, the petitioners ask that that bar
may be removed, and my amendment proposes to
appropriate $10,000 for that purpose. I have no
further speech to make in regard to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I am opposed tothisamend-
ment until there is an exploration and survey to
find where the river is. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN asked for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Williams and Penn were
appointed.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—ayes 32, noes not counted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, moved to strike
out the following provision of the bill:
" For continuing the improvement of the navigation of
the Hudson liver above and below Albany, $50,000."
Mr. J.said: I believe that river is entirely within
the jurisdiction of the State of New YorK. It is
a fine, noble river, and its navigation is good.
There is, moreover, a railroad running parallel
with the banks of the river for the distance of one
hundied and sixty miles. Why, then, should an
appropriation be given to that river when the nav-
igation is good, and when facilities for trade are
thus afforded to the people connected with it?
Why should an appropriation of $50,000 be given
to that river, and nothing to the Illinois, nothing
to the Cumberland, nothing to the Tennessee,
nothing to the Yazoo, nothing to the Chattahoo-
chee, and nothing to the James river ? Those riv-
ers are all suited for navigation, but they all have
obstructions in them. Upon what principle of equal
justice is it that this money is to be appropriated
to the Hudson river? Is it upon the principle that
you are to make the rich richer? New York is a
powerful State—powerful in influence, in wealth,
and in commerce; and therefore this appropriation
must be made for the Hudson, but these other
rivers, in which there are obstructions, cannotre-
ceive a dollar.
The gentleman from Maryland tells us that in
commencing this system the great channels of
human intercourse must first be attended to, and
that afterwards those streams of minor import-
ance will receive the favor and encouragement of
the Government. We aVe to understand, then,
that this is to be a progressive system—that this is
but the commencement of the squandering of the
money thai is in the Treasury—that it is to be
carried on year after year, and session after ses-
sion—and that a perpetual tax is to be laid upon
the people of the different sections of this country
for the benefit of those rivers and streams that
may meet with the favor of Congress. I say, sir,
that this appropriation ought to be stricken out.
i The Hudson river has no more claim upon this
I House than other rivers have. Other rivers have
more claim and demand more consideration from
this House than it does. There is no necessity
for this improvement; there is a necessity for the
improvement of other rivers.
