1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire simply to say to
my honorable friend, that this is not the occasion
to offer his amendment, for we do not propose to
make any appropriation in this bill. When a
proposition is made to appropriate money, then
will be the proper time to offer this amendment.
Mr. DODGE, of lo«'a. I was aware that the
friends of the bill were managing it most judi-
ciously. I suppose the reason why no appropria-
tion is put in the bill is because, if it contained an
appropriation, it would, when it reached the
House, have to go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. BRADBURY. Undoubtedly.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. That is known to be
sometimes a place of difficulty for such bills. I
wish very uuch to have this amendment made
to this bill, and [ am the more desirous of it be-
cause it is an exact copy of an amendment offered
by my friend from Maine, to the river and harbor
bill at the last session, it will be remembered that
when that bill was then under discussion, we sat
days and nights voting upon it. My friend was
then exceedingly troubled about the condition of
the Treasury of the United States, and he exerted
his ingenuity to protect and guard that Treasury,
and the private claimants and others who were
likely to have dmi.tnds upon it. With the aid of
certain friends, he fixed up an amendment which
I have literally copied, and winch I now propose
to tins five million appropriation bill—a bill involv-
ing the appropriation of double the amount con-
tained in the river and haibor bill. Although it
dofs not technically appropriate a single dollar
now, such will be the result of it. I think that in
all fairness, provision ought to be made for the pay-
ment of the commissioners to be created by (his
bill. I have no doubt they will be most honest
and upright, and competent gentlemen; and (hat,
unlike almost every other board of commissioners
who have ever held their sessions in or about this
Catutol, they wdi take the judges of the Supieme
Court of the United States for their model; and
that you will never find any Gardiner or Galphin
claims allowed by them under this bill. And be-
lieving thit these gentlemen will be most high-
minded, honorable, competent, and disinterested,
and far above th« se influent es which sometimes
have been found 10 exni in commissioners, I want
t • have them paid. U my amendment is not in or-
der, I want to ollVr one to pay the commissioners.
The PUKSIDKNT. It is perfectly m order.
Mr. BRADBURY. I wish only to say, that
had the Senator from Iowa and his friends ac-
cepted that amendment to the river and harbor
bill, to winch be lias referred, the bill might have
been passed, and the money partly expended.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the Semite do
now adjourn. My reason for making the motion
is tins 
.Mr. U.VLE. The motion is nor debatable.
Mr. D\WSON. I know it is not,
Mr. BADGER. I call my friend from Georgia
to order. Me has no right to speak ui.til he with-
diaws the motion.
Mr. DAWSON. I withdraw the motion. This
is a vastly important bill. It ought not to be
passed except by a full Senate. It ought not to be
rejected but by a full Senate. Theieare a great
many Senators who had no idea that the vote
would be taken to-day, and they have j^one home.
It is now beyond the usual hour of our adjourn-
ment, and I think it is due to those who are ab-
sent, as well as to those who are present, that the
vote should not now be taken. I therefore move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HAMLIN. I beg the Senator from Geor-
gia to withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 will, if the Senator will le-
new it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will renew the motion, and
vote asramst it. I desire to say to the Senate that
I would not myself vote to urge this bill to a final
vote this evening, but we may vote upon the pre-
liminary questions, and may order it, if the Sen-
ate shall so determine, to if-? engrossment, and
then we can take the final vote to-morrow, or on
some subsequent day, when the Senate shall he
full. These pi elimiuai y votes may as well be taken
now as at anv other time. I renew the motion to
adjourn, hut I shall vote against it.
'Mr. CHASE. 1 u ish to ask the Senate to
allow a hill to be passed, which was yesteiday
ordered to a thiid reading.
The PRESIDENT. This question must first
be disposed of.
There was a division, and
The PRESIDENT announced that there were
for the motion 13; against it 20.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to modify my
amendment by msertiug before what I have already
read, the following:
And be it further enacted, that a sum not exceeding
000, to satisfy the claims herein provided, be, and the
bailie is hereby appropriated out of any money m the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will take this
occasion to say that on an examination of the rule,
he finds that the change which has taken place,
authorizes any gentleman to make a modification
of a proposition, as was suggested by the Senator
from North Carolina the other day, before any
' vote is taken; and after the yeas and nays are or-
■ dered, it can be withdrawn by the consent of the
. Senate. The Chair thinks proper to make this
| statement, because he fell into an error the other
! day by looking at the old rule instead of the new
| one. The modification proposed by the Senator
from Iowa can be made without the consent of
the Senate.
j Mr. HALE. I wantto move an amendmentto
! the amendment, by adding at the end of it the fol-
i lowing :
' 11 And after all the States of the Union, havingpublic
land- wiilnn them, shall have tec<jived a- much of the same
' as they a#.k lor constructing railroads, canals," &.e.
j Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. J accept the amend-
i ment, and call for the yeas and nays.
1 The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
; taken resulted—yeas 5, nays 29; as follows :
j VK-VH—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Brodhead, Dodge
! of Iowa, and I-Vleh— 5.
j NAYrf—Mo-r-f. Adams Badger, Ravard, Bradbury,
! Cha-e, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Downs Fish,
Gevor, Hale, [lamlm, James, King, Mallory, iMangum,
, JVlillei, iMoiton, Sebn>uan. Seward, Shield!?, Smith, tfpru-
; a nee, rf(i 111; 1 ci j Underwood, Upham, and Wade—*29.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. 1 move to amend the
hill by adding what was ihe tenth section of Mr.
Claj ton's bill:
j "  4nr/ he it further enacted, That, for carrying this act
j into execution, the nim or ,$O'),000 be, and the same i*. here-
I by appropriated, nut of any uiuuey in the Ticasuty net
otheiwis-e appi opriated."
! Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senator will with-
' draw thai.
j Mr. DODGE. Does the Senator desire me to
do so?
j Mr. BADGER. I do.
! Mr. DODGE. I withdraw it, but I really think
i we ought to provide for the payment of these com-
i missionei s.
| Mr. BADGER. We will take caie of them at
> another time.
j Mr. BAYARD. I wish to move an amend-
!, ment which, I think, may possibly prevent a dif-
j i fir.uity hereafter in the construction of the bill, if it
should pass. There is a proviso 111 the first sec-
!, tion—
ij "That in nil cases of transfer or assignment, no claimant
shall be entitled to receive an amount beyond the con&id-
jl elation paid, and interest thereon."
!j I should object to the whole proviso, because I
!' think it wiomr m principle; but I wish to avoid a
j difficulty m the construction of the proviso, and
1 therefore propose to insert after the word " as-
! signment," the words, " except gifts or dona-
i1 tions;" and to strikeout " claimant" and insert
I, "assignee." The use of the word " claimant" is
II certainly improper in that connection. The effect
I; of the amendment will simply be to prevent do-
!■ nations, such as from parent to child, bei-ng con-
I strued to be assignments.
j! Mr. BADGER. That is all right.
I The amendment was agreed to.
|" Mr. DAWSON. I now propose to amend the
j- bill, by adding after the word " donations," which
!' has just been inserted, the words "made prior to
j the passage of this act." My object is to pievent
! those who have already in effect madeassignments,
giving their claims as donations hereafter, so as to
, get the full amount.
II " Mr. COOPER. That would be entirely de-
'] structive of justice.
Mr. BADGER. This amendment would pre-
jj vent a man making a will, and giving his claims
to his children, after the passage of this act.
The amendment was rejected.
SI Mr. HALE. There is one suggestion that I
wish to make to the friends of this bill. They
have provided that the assignee of one of these
claims shall only receive the consideration paid
and interest thereon, excepting those who have
obtained the claims by gift or donation. They
should also make provision for assignments of
these claims as collateral security for the payment
of debts. Where these claims have been hypoth-
ecated in that way it would be difficult to tell ex-
actly what consideration was given for them.
Mr. BADGER, I do not think there will be
any difficulty about that. The consideration re-
ceived would be the value of the debt.
Mr. HALE. If gentlemen aresatisfied with it,
I shall offer no amendment.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments made, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, were concurred in by the
Senate.
Mr. BRADBURY". Allow me to suggest that
the bill had better be ordered to be engrossed, and
the test vote can be taken upon its final passage.
Several Senators. That is the proper course.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope that course may
be pursued. Let it be understood that we are to
have the test vote upon the final passage of the
bill.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope that will now be
done. It is very clear here, that in voting upon
this bill there is a bare quorum present. This is
an important bill, involving an expenditure of
$5,000,000, and I do not think it is right to vote
upon it when there is merely a bare quorum pres-
ent.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor that he might as well let the bill now pass to
its engrossment, and we can have the question
upon the final passage of the bill to-morrow, by
yeas and nays, m a full Senate.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope that course will not
be pursued. I think it is probable—m fact I
know—that certain amendments are to be offered
to the bill; and if it is now ordered to be en-
grossed, these amendments will be cut off.
Mr. BADGER. That is what we want to do.
Mr. ATCHISON. I think it is appaientthat
about two thirds of the Senate are in favor of the
bill; and for my own part I am anxious to get rid
of it. I doubt not that any amendmentthat might
now be presented, whether it be right or wrong,
would be voted down. The Senate seems to be
satisfied with the bill as it now stands.
Mr. BADGER. Oh, yes; it is an excellent
bill.
Mr. ATCHISON. I am for acting on the bill
now. Let it be considered as engrossed, read a
third time, and disposed of.
Mr. FELCH. I believe the custom has been,
in the Senate heretofore, to take the test vote on
any important matter upon the question of order-
ing the bill to its engrossment for a third reading.
1 hope that the usual course will now be pursued
in respect to this bill. Anybody who looks on
this side of the chamber particularly, will see that
a lanre number of members are absent. Some of
them, I know, have left the Senate chamber with
the expectation that no vote would be taken to-
day. I know I am in a minority. There are
a very few of us in the minority, but we would
like to muster as strong as we could. So far as
; the engrossment is concerned, it is very well known
that the clerks will, if it is desired, proceed to en-
gross the bill, so that it would be ready to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER. If it is not ordered to be en-
grossed now, there will be fifty amendments of-
fered to-morrow.
Mr. ADAMS. I am perhaps as much opposed
to the passage of this bill as any Senator 011 this
floor; but the reason given by the Senator from
Arkansas, why we should not vote upon its en-
grossment, I do not consider to be any reason at
ail. It is no reason for delay, that gentlemen are
not here when they should be here. If gentlemen
are not here, it is their business. This method of
postponing the action of the body for gentlemen
who think proper to absent themselves, is alto-
gether,in my humble conception, very_ wrong. If
; gentlemen feel an interest in what is going on, they
! ought to be heie. That is my view of it. I do not
[ think that the majority who take any interest in
| business, should postpone their action for the sake
! of gentlemen who do not choose to attend. I am,
j therefore, m favor of taking the vote now.
j Mr. DAWSON. This discussion, going out to
