1946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27s
Mr, DEAN. I am opposed to the motion of
the gentleman from Georgia, to strike out this ap-
propriation of $50,000 for the improvement of the
navigation of the Hudson, and desire to answer
the question which he has just propounded. He
asks. Why should an appropriation be made for
the Fludson river?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. And not for the
Tennessee river?
Mr. DEAN. We have not come here to dis-
cuss the comparative merits of grants to be ap-
plied to particular localities, or the propriety or
impropriety of this or similar bills. We are
now acting under the five-minutes rule, and must
confine ourselves to amendments to the bill, and
our discussions to the pending amendments; and
as much has been said about the amount appro-
priated by this bill to various points in New
York, I would say to gentlemen, and to western
men particularly, that this is not a New York im-
provement, or a New York appropriation, but
one in which their own States are vitally inter-
ested, for the reason that this is the great artery
of trade for the whole West, and that more inter-
nal commerce passes up and down the Hudson
than upon any river m the United States.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. DEAN. I am not—1 cannot be mistaken
upon this subject. - It ie one which I have inves-
tigated, and I here assert that more butter, cheese,
oats, corn,and grain of different kinds reach tide-
water by way of that river than reach New Or-
leans by way of the Mississippi.
Several Voices. Oh, no; you are mistaken.
Mr. DEAN. No, sir; I am not mistaken. I
have recently had occasion to examine the subject,
and though I have not now the figures by me, not
supposing I should be required to use them here,
I will refer gentlemen to the statistics collected in
Hunt's Merchant's Magazine for 1850 and 3853 .
A word as to the necessity for this appropriation.
If gentlemen will go up the railroad which they
have spoken about as being directly on the bank
of that river, and which has been brought in here
to show that the appropriation was not needed—a
railroad which has not been constructed by grants
of land from the General Government, or by any
aid from the State or National Treasury but wholly
by private enterprise—they will often see at low
tide—not a single boat—but whole ileets of sloops
and steamboats on the overslaugh near Albany.
They will also see the steam dredge at work in the
river, removing that obstruction. Now, we ask
as but an act of justice, when we are thus expend-
ing our own resources to remove this obstruction
to navigation—a navigation in which all the States
are interested—that a small portion of the com-
mon fund should be applied to the same purpose.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I would ask the
gentleman if it has not been decided recently that
the State of New York lias no jurisdiction over
that river?
Mr. DEAN. In the case of Gibbons vs. Og~
den, in the Supreme Court of the United States,
it was expressly decided that the State of New
York had no power to restrain the navigation of
that river—that flowing, as it did, between different
Stales, that the river belonged to the Union, and teas
open to the free and nmestricfed commerce of the
Union; and, consequently, that in its navigation,
every State has an interest and equal right.
Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman is wrong in
regard to that decision. I'desire to ask him if the
Supreme Court of the United States, in that case
of Gibbons vs. Ogden, did not decide that the
State of New York had exclusive jurisdiction
over the Hudson river; but that no State had a
right to grant exclusive privileges to any particu-
lar individual to the navigation of any particular
river within the limits of that State?
Mr. DEAN. The question in the case to
which the gentleman refers, was as to the power
of the Legislature of the State of New York to
confer the exclusive right to Fulton and Living-
ston to navigate all the waters within the jurisdic-
tion of the State by boats impelled by steam or
fire. Gibbons was riming two steamboats from
Elizabethtown, New Jersey, to New York city.
Ogden, the assignee of Pulton and Livingston,
had obtained an injunction against him in the
New York courts, which had been sustained by
the Court of Errors—then our highest judicial
tribunal. An appeal was taken to the Supreme
Court of the United States, where the injunction
was dissolved, the decision of the State courts re-
versed, upon the grounds I have stated. So that,
by the express decision of the highest judicial
tribunal known to the Constitution, this river is a
national highway, and this appropriation is for a
national object.
I desire to say, further, that the members from
New York do not come here to oppose proper and
constitutional appropriations for the improvement J
of the rivers or harbors of other States, or to ask I
appropriations exclusively for their own. They!
only ask that the same rule may be applied to ;
New York that is applied to every other State in :
the Union. i
The mere fact of this being an appropriation for !
the Hudson river, and that river being situated !
within the State of New York, does not make it i
a New York appropriation at all. '
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will sug- 1
gest the propriety of making the amendment '
which I suggested before. I move to strike out
the words "above and," and to insert in the .
place of "Albany" the word "Troy." The;
section now reads— j
'•For continuing the improvement of the navigation of j
the Hudson river above and below Albany, $JU,U0U." i
It would then read as follows: 1
" For continuing the improvement of the navigation of :
the Hudson rivur below Troy, $50,00!)." !
The object of the amendment is to provide that ,
no portion of the appropriation shall be expended j
above the city of Tioy. ,
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to i
explain to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. j
Marshall] and the committee, the reason for i
adopting the phraseology used in the bill to which ^
he has alluded. It arises out of the nature of the '
obstructions upon that river. Six miles below ;
Albany is the principal obstruction upon the river, j
It is known in that country by the term over- !
slaugh; and, as I remarked, it is the greatest im-
pediment in the whole course of the navigation of
the river. But whilst the principal Government
works have been commenced at this location,
about six miles below Albany, there is another ob-
struction of the same character about two miles '
below the United States arsenal, at Watervliet, i
I near Troy, where the Government has also com- '
| menced a work. The obstruction is one which
i impedes the navigation of the river nearly as much
| as that below Albany; and the improvement is
I equally necessary at both points. The language
I used in this bill with reference to tins appropria-
j tion is precisely the same as that employed in the
I early appropiiations for this river; and after con-
j sulfation with the Topographical Bureau, and the
j War Department, for the purpose of securing the
| navigation of this river at both these points, and
i for the purpose of securing a portion of this ap-
propriation to each point, I think the phraseology
is best as it is. {
Mr. MARSHALL. I would suggest to the j
i honorable chairman of the Committee on Com- ;
! merce, that if this obstruction of which he speaks 1
is between the cities of Troy and Albany, the j
amendment which I propose would not prevent |
the appropriation being expended at both these j
points. What I want is, that none of the money j
shall be expended for improvements above Troy, j
Mr. SEYMOUR. The language of the section .
; as it stands does not provide for expending any of ;
i the money above Troy. There are no Govern- i
| ment works above that city, and there is no navi- ;
gation above the dam, a short distance from the
city. This appropriation is to continue works i
which the Government has already commenced. J
When these works are completed, the navigation j
of the river will be good. I hope the language of |
the section will remain as it is m the bill. j
Mr. MARSHALL demanded tellers upon the ]
adoption nf the amendment; which were ordered; i
and Messrs. Breckinridge and Scurry were ap- :
pointed. j
The question was then taken, and the tellers re* |
• ported—ayes 55, noes 73. i
; So the amendment was not agreed to. j
j Mr. MARSHALL. I now move to insert after i
| the word "Albany" the words "but not above ]
i Troy," so that it will read: j
i u For the continuation of the improvement of the navi- i
i gation of the Hudson river above Albany, but not above i
j Troy, .$50,000." !
} I will state to the committee that my only object j
in offering this amendment is* to provide a limit
beyond which this appropriation cannot be used.
You perceive, sir, that the appropriation now
reads:
•'For continuing the improvement of the navigation of
the Hudson river above and below Albany."
What I propose to do is, to limit the appropria-
tion so that it shall not be expended above the city
of Troy. I have no idea of attempting the im-
provement of that river above the dam at Troy.
I propose to alter the verbiage, because, forsooth,
it is said that we might force the whole expendi-
ture of the appropriation below Albany.
Mr. SEYMOUR. This is a mere verbal alter-
ation to which 1 have no particular objection if it
is insisted on. But if the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will look at the amendment and at the ori-
ginal provision of the bill, he will see that the
amendment is wholly unnecessary, because the
provision of the bill as it stands, provides for con-
tinuing the improvement of the navigation of that
river. And by the language of the bill itself, the
appropriation cannot be applied to works not
already begun by the Government. Now, there
are but two of these works. One is below Troy,
about two miles below the United States arsenal,
and the other is about six miles below Albany.
These are the two items to which the appropria-
tion is designed to apply.
Mr. MARSHALL. All I propose to do is to
confine the expenditure of this appropriation below
Troy, and I think there can be no objection to
that.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I now demand
tellers upon my amendment to strike out the whole
clause.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Henn and
Dean were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 46, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I move to strike out " $50,000,''
and insert " $25,000."
Mr. POLK. Is it in order to move that the
committee rise?
The CHAIRMAN. Not without the consent
of the gentleman from Kentucky, who is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a point of order. I sub-
mit that it is not in order to propose that amend-
ment after the motion to strike out the section has
been rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. That point has already
been raised and decided. The gentleman's point
is correct according to parliamentary law, but
not according to an express rule of the House.
Mr. POLK. I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to yield to enable me to make a motion that
the committee do now rise.
Mr. WARD. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. POLK. I submit that motion.
The motion was put, and the committee refused
to rise.
Mr. WARD. I will not pretend that the Hud-
son is not a national object demanding an appro-
priation of some magnitude. The intention of
the framers of this bill seems to be not to give
appropriations to national objects, but to parcel
them out according to a standard formed by them-
selves, which standard, when examined, does not
justify the amount of appropriation made to that
river. The proposition which I have made again
and again, for the river which I in part repre-
sent, has not been voted down upon the ground
that it is not an object worthy of appropriation,
but 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will have to
interrupt the gentleman. He must confine his re-
marks to a change in the appropriation to the
Hudson river.
Mr. WARD. How can I do that but by com-
parison, to show that the appropriation in the bill
for the Hudson river is too large?—and therefore I
conceive myself to be in order.
The committee has refused to make an appro-
priation for the river which I in part represent,
not because it was not a national object, but be-
cause we are to commence a system of improve-
ments upon an economical plan.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must again in-
terrupt the gentleman,"and insist upon enforcing
the rule of order which he laid ddwn this morning,
