1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083:
the country, might induce people to believe that
some of the most attentive gentlemen on this floor
have absented themselves from the Senate at an
improper time. Now, it is long past the hour at
which we usually adjourn; and it is due to those
gentlemen to say, that it was not expected that the
vote would be taken this evening-. 1 suppose I am
with the majority—I am in favor of the bill; but
I think it is wrong to take any advantage of this
kind to place the bill beyond the reach of the body,
merely for the purpose of getting forward a step
in the progress of this measure. I think it is wrong
to take such an advantage, and especially in a
body of the character of the Senate of the United
States. I should move an adjournment, but for
the fact that the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase]
desires to take up a measure in which his State is
interested.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say only a word.
If we now order the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading, we do not place it beyond the reach of
the Senate. And I would say to my friend from
Michigan, who remarked that this would not be
pursuing the ordinary course, that he is certainly
mistaken. We as frequently take the test vote
upon the final passage of a bill as upon ordering it
to be engrossed. I will call the attention of my
friend from Michigan to the fact, that at this very
session we allowed the Iowa land bill to be ordered
to its engrossment without a division, and then
upon the question of its final passage we took the
yeas and nays, and I was one of a very small
minority—ten in number—that voted against it.
Here, then, is a case in point which occurred not
very long since. The object is to save another
day, and stop another discussion.
Mr. HALE. I want to say further, that I shall
vote for the engrossment of the bill now; and if
to-morrow any gentleman who may be absent to-
day shall come to me, and tell me, that in good
faith he meant to be here, and has an amendment
which he wishes to insert in the bill, I pledge my-
self to move a reconsideration.
Mr. ADAMS. In justice to two absent mem-
bers, perhaps it is not improper that I should say
that my colleague, [Mr. Brooke,] who is unwell
at this time, and one of the Senators from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Weller,] have agreed to pair off, as
they are on different sides.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the yeas and nays upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. As I am called upon to vote
upon this bill, I desire to state what my position
is. I am as thoroughly convinced in my own
mind as I have ever been upon any occasion, or
upon any subject, that this bill ought not to pass;
but I stand in a peculiar position. I am under the
instructions of my State Legislature to vote in
favor of this hill. I acknowledge the right of in-
struction; and on this occasion, as on all others,
unless some very great necessity, or some extraor-
dinary occasion arises, I shall obey instructions
or resign. I wish to say, however, for the infor-
mation of my constituents, that if on this occasion
the vote was so near a tie that my single vol*
would determine the fate of this bill, and defeat it,
I should disobey instructions, and defeat the bill,
and justify myself before my constituents. When
I find, however, that there is a decided majority
in favor of the bill, and that my vote against it
would do no good, I do not choose to put myself
in a position of controversy with my constituents
on the subject of my instructions; and therefore I
shall vote very reluctantly for the bill, not doubt-
ing, however, if the bill shall not pass until the
next meeting of the Legislature of my State, that
I shall be relieved from these instructions, and be
able to comply with my own sense of propriety,
in voting against this hill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messi". Badzer, Ba\ard, Borland, Bradbury,
Clarke, Cooper, Davi*. Dawson, Downs. .Fish, Geyer, Hale,
Hamhu, James, Maliorv, Mangum, Miller, Morton, Sew-
ard. SlnokK Smith, Spuianee, Sumner, Underwood, Up-
liam. arid Wade—36. , _
NAYS—Adams, Atcluson, Bnnlhead, Chase,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fetch, Hunter, King, and Walk-
er—10.
So the hill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OHIO.
On the motion of Mr. CHASE, the bill to grant
to the State of Ohio the unsold and unappropria-
ted lands remaining in that State, came up on its
third reading.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to state to the Senate,
that before this bill was engrossed, it was discov-
ered that, as it had been reported at a very early
period of the session, the dates were made earlier
than they ought to be. I therefore now ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to amend the bill
by striking out, in the sixth line of the first sec-
tion, " March, "and inserting "July;" and in the
sixth line of the second section, by striking out
" July," and inserting " October." I would fur-
ther state, that a gentleman, who has some inter-
est in a private claim to some of the lands which
the bill affects, but which he does not consider a
vested claim, wished me also to strike out the
words u vested in," and insert " of;" so that it
shall read, " This grant shall m no manner af-
fect any right of preemption, or other right of any
individual." I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to make this amendment also.
The amendments were agreed to, and the bill
was read a third time and passed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jtpril 15, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion to lay upon the table the report of
the Committee on Printing, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask the unanimous-con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution, upon
which it is very necessary, for the interest of my
constituents, that there should be some action on
the part of Congress. I ask that it may be read
for information.
It was read by the Clerk, as follows:
Joint resolution declaring certain roads post routes.
Resolved, That the road from Vallonia Springs po«t
offico, tn Broome county, New York, via Nineveh and
Coventry, to Oxford, Chenango county, be and the same is
hereby declared a post road ; and the road from Ox!oid,by
the way of (Joventiyville, to South B am bridge, be and the
same is hereby declared a post road; and the Pos-t Office
Department is hereby authorized to pay the persons who
have carried the mail un said routes, by the order of said
Department previous to this time, a suitable compensation
theretor.
Objection was made.
Mr. BENNETT. I appeal to the House to
allow me to say a word  in explanation of this
resolution.
By the recommendation of the Post Otfice De-
partment, a new post route has been established
m my district, and the mail has been carried upon
it for a considerable time past. The Postmaster
General, however, says he has no authority to
pay for carrying the mail upon it until this reso-
lution shall have passed Congress, authorizing the
establishment of this route. It is a matter of some
importance to my constituents, and one to which
1 think no one can reasonably object. I hope I
shall now have the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Does the gentleman design
putting the resolution upon its passage?
Mr. BENNETT. 1 do.
Mr. CLING-M AN. Then I do not see the ne-
cessity of doing this business out of its regular
order. If the gentleman desires to refer it to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, I
have no objection.
Mr. BENNETT. But the mail has already
been earned upon this route for eight months
past. , ,
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand there are sev-
eral other just such cases here. I object.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I would in-
quire of the Chair whether it will be in order to
move that the morning hour shall be devoted to
the reception of reports from committees r
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
the motion to lay upon the table the report of the
Committee on Printing, and upon that question
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Would it be
in order at this time to move a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. BROWN. I then move a call of the
House.
The question was put to the House,and it was
agreed to.
The roll was then called, and one hundred and
sixty members answered to their names.
Mr, CLINGMAN. 1 apprehend that it is not
necessary to progress any further in the call of the
House; and if it is in order—and I presume it is—
I move to suspend any further proceedings in the
call.
The question was tl.en taken and agreed to, and
all further proceedings in the call were dispensed
with.
Mr. CLINGMAN". The pending question be-
fore the House is the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Polk] to lay the report of
the Committee on Printing upon the table, is it
not ?
The SPEAKER. That is the motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would be obliged to the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Polk] if he will
withdraw that motion. 1 wish to say a few words
m explanation of my course ot action upon this
question. I will renew the motion if the gentle-
man will withdraw it.
Mr. POLK. 1 am always disposed to act court-
eously towards gentlemen upon this floor. 1 will,
at the request of the gentleman, withdraw the mo-
tion, provided he will hold the floor long enough
to have it renewed, or for a proper answer to be
made to his remarks.
The SPEAKER. Bargains of this kind are
not admissible.
Mr. POLK. T withdraw the motion.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] give way for a moment,
to allow me to suggest an amendment to the reso-
lution offered by the gentleman from Mississippi?
[Mr. Brown.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will hear the suggestion
of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
for a moment, if 1 am permitted to do so. 1 only
want to occupy a few moments of time.
Mr. ORR. I propose to amend the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] by striking out the " Committee on the
Judiciary," and to insert, m lieu thereof the
"Committee on Printing." White 1 disapprove
of the action of the committee, 1 do not desire to
cast any reflection upon them.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Upon this point 1 desire
to say a single word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not certain
that the amendment of the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] is in order. However, it will
be entertained.
Mr, CLINGMAN. 1 want to say but a word
or two upon this question, and then I will give
the floor to the gentleman from 
Mr. BROWN. My friend from South Carolina
[Mr. Orr] says that he proposes to amend the
resolution offered by me, because he does not like
to cast any reflection upon the Committee on
Printing. 1 wish simply to say, that in offering
this resolution, 1 did not contemplate, in the
phraseology employed, to reflect upon the Print-
ing Committee.
Mr. ORR. I had no idea that my friend from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] had any such intention;
but some are of the opinion that the phraseology
of the resolution may have that effect.
Mr. POLK It will so read to the country.
There is no doubt of it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to make a few re-
marks in explanation of my vote upon this ques-
tion. 1 have been an attentive listener to the de-
bate which has taken place upon this matter,
without any feeling about it further than a desire
that we may succeed in getting some judicious
system by which to have executed the public
printing, and, of course, that we shaft take tiiat
j which is least objectionable in all points of view,
j This seems to be a bad piece of business as it
; now stands; and every one admits that we must
j take some step to get out of the difficulty. At least
I that is the general opinion. Now, what is it that
! the Printing Committeeproposeto do? A®'1™."3
| stated, Mr. Speaker, upon the day when the He-
