1948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
The Government, then, in a short time, will own
this whole canal, without forfeiting one solitary
dollar. It is a question, then, whether they will
enlarge and improve it, or build another canal
around the falls, upon the Indiana side. The most
economical plan is that which will meet the wants
of commerce, and to meet the wants of commerce
the canal should be enlarged. My proposition is
to appropriate $700,000 for that purpose. It is
not a gratuity, for the Government will receive
that sum back in tonnage duties, as it has received
back every dollar it expended on it heretofore.
We have the right to ask, when we pay tonnage
duties upon that canal, better accommodations
than are at present afforded. The locks are small
and the navigation is very much obstructed.
The appropriation of $700,000, as proposed, will
afford better accommodations, and the Govern- j
ment will not lose a dollar thereby. The tolls
in three or four years will reimburse it. The
stock in that canal is the most profitable of any in
the United States, its profits having redeemed all
that has ever been expended upon it,and the Gov-
ernment is the gainer by about $35,000, and the
Government will receive the balance of the stock
by an arrangement with the stockholders.
Mr. MEADE. Will we not then have peti-
tions here asking that it shall be made a free ca-
nal ?
Mr. MASON. I do not ask that until the
Government has been reimbursed every dollar.
Probably some may send such petitions, but it is
for Congress to say whether they will or will not
make the canal free. If they do so, however, I
would inqutre of the gentleman whether it would
not be better to do that than to appropriate $50,000
for the improvement of the navigation of the Hud-
son river, upon which traveling easy compared
with that on the western waters, where naviga-
tion is obstructed by snags? That river is deep
and straight, and there is not a snag in it. Yet
you appropriate #50,000 to improve it, and never to
be reimbursed. We ask this $700,000 shall be ap-
propriated for the improvement of that canal from
which the Government receives so large a profit,
and which will be repaid.
Mr. GOODENOVV*. I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky. The
magnitude of the amount is a sufficient objection
to it, in my mind. I hope the question will be
taken upon the amendment at once.
Mr. DISNEY. I move to strike out the amend-
ment, and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Towards fhe inipiovemCHt of flip navigation of the Falls j
of the Ohio ,$50O.(WO, to be cvpcnded under the direction of
the Secretary of War.
Mr. DISNEY. I am opposed to the original
amendment as offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky* [Mr. Marshall,] because, sir, it does
not contemplate that sort of arrangement for the
convenience of commerce passing that point which
the exigencies of that interest require. The exist-
ing extent of commerce now passing that point
requires two canals, and it is increasing so rapidly
that it will, in a short time, imperatively demand
the addition of a new canal, so that there may be
one for the ascending, and another for the descend-
ing commerce. i
I do not propose to enter into a controversy with !
the gentleman from Kentucky, as to which side of '
the river this improvement shall be made upon; |
and hence, in the amendment I now offer, I pro- i!
pose to leave the entire subject to the decision of j
the Secretary of War. The necessity for it is j
apparent to every person who is at all familiar with j
the obstructions in the navigation at that point, j
The difference between the gentleman and myself j
is, that he wants to subserve what he supposes to i
be the local interests of Louisville. Her selfish- !
ness affords a reason which may influence the j
Kentucky members, but which the general inter- j
ests of that entire region repels and prohibits.
Why, sir, this attempt to enlarge that canal would
be the total destruction of commerce while the en-
largement was going on. But when the gentleman j
from Louisville [Mr. Marshall] remarked, on
yesterday, that he would undertake to demonstrate !j amendment-
r. •   !• ...! i.  i- ! >f.u
said he could demonstrate to the committee, and I
apprehend he would be about as successful upon
this floor as he was there. But, sir, I desire to
say another thing before I take my seat, and it is
to appeal to gentlemen to give us a record upon these
various matters when this committee shall rise.
Let us see—let the peopleof the West be no longer
humbugged by this cry about river improvements j
—let them see who it is that vote down theirapph- i
cations for the improvement of their rivers. Give
us the record, and I ask no more; but do not,
when this committee rises, sustain the call for the
previous question, which will prevent us making
motions in the House which will give us a record
upon each proposition separately. I want the
people of the West to see who have voted down
appropriations for each of their western rivers,
and who have voted down the appropriations for
the improvement of the Fails of the Ohio. Let
them appreciate the truth of the declarations and
professions which will be made about the anxiety
of a certain class of politicians in this country to
improve the western rivers.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Cincinnati, [Mr. Disney.] This is no time to
discuss the question which thegentleman has pre-
sented. Ail I have to say to that gentleman—as
his remarks seem to be pointed at me—is, that I
am ready to make my record now and at any
time, either in the committee, in the House, or
before the people, upon this subject; and I say
now, that no bill can command my support at any
time which has in it an appropriation for the In- j
diana canal, because it would be a profligate and .
extravagant waste of the public money. !
Mr. DISNEY. Give us the record. ;
Mr. MARSHALL. I make the record now to I
satisfy the gentleman in advance, and I will be ,
ready to exemplify the record by a demonstration j
whenever the time comes that will put the whole
scheme, I think, to public shame. There is no
selfishness manifested here either on the part of ;
Louisville or on the part of her Representatives; j
but there is a plain, straight-forward attempt to |
do what is exactly right, and subserve the pur- j
poses of navigation, and at the same time save !
the public money, as far as possible, and not to ;
get this Government into a scheme which cannot j
i be consummated for less than millions of dollars. |
| As a Representative from the city of Louisville, if t
| I could not look any further than that city, it j
i would be just as proper and prudent for me to [
agree here to arbitrate this matter before the Sec- j
retary of War as it would have been for the He- ;
brew mother, in the Bible, to have divided her
child when a false mother presented herself. I do
not see the object of gentlemen in thrusting upon
us a controversy of this sort where one has an
opportunity of speaking only five minutes. The
people of Cincinnati will see that their Represent-
ative, after having waited here eight months in
silence, could not expect to have succeeded when
he presented a proposition here before the Com-
mittee of the Whole, involving an expenditure of
$500,000, by indulging himself with a five min-
utes' speech in explanation thereof. The very
magnitude of his effort in behalf of the navigation
of the Ohio, must carry conviction to his constitu-
ency of the sincerity with which he presses the
[ movement. My vote in the last Congress, and
my action and speech, have been in favor of in-
ternal improvements; and I am willing to compare
my record upon that subject with the gentleman
from Cincinnati, [Mr. Disney.] I am willing for
his people and mine to look at our action in the
last Congress upon this subject, when we had an
opportunity to pass a bill with liberal appropri-
ations for western streams. Then I was at the
post of duty. Where was he? Why his anx-
iety for improvement brought him in the next
morning. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Disney's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the original
this thing could be accomplished better, it struck
me that a remarkable improvement had taken
place in the gentleman since he made an effort of
the same kind before the Committee on Roads and
Canals, who had the subject under consideration.
They decided against the proposition of thegen-
tleman. He failed to convince them of what he
Mr. MASON demanded tellers; which were not
| ordered.
| The question was then taken, and the amend-
! ment of Mr. Mason was not agreed to.
Mr. MEADE moved that the committee rise.
The question was then taken, and the committee
refused to rise.
The next section was then read, as follows!
"For the improvement of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river below the rapids: the Ohio, Including the repairs
of the Uain at Cumbeiland fsland; the Missouri and the
Arkansas rivers, $260,000."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
strike out all after the word 44 navigation" to the
word "dollars," inclusive, and insert the following:
Of thp Ohio river above the Falls, $60,000; and for the
purchase of snag boats and scows,, necessary for efficient
service upon the western rivers, $100,000 ; and for the im-
provement of the MiFMffsppi, Missouri, Arkansas, and
Ohio below the Falls, $-200,000.
tit will be perceived, from the manner in which
the amendment is drawn, that I attempt merely by
that amendment to separate the amount specific-
ally appropriated for the upper Ohio, in the esti-
mates submitted to the Committee on Commerce,
from the amount which was intended by the En-
! gineer Corps of last fall to be appropriated below
! the Falls. In addition to that, I ask for the appro-
, pnation of $100,000 for the purpose of reconstruct-
I ing the snag-boats which are intended foruseupon
i western waters. At the time this business of im-
proving the western waters ceased, there were
four snag-boats in u$e there. The cost of these
] boats was estimated at $25,000 each. There is
' appropriated in this bill exactly $100,000 for the
| purpose of making scows and dredgmg-boats for
; the lakes and Chesapeake Bay. I only ask for
J an equal amount of money for the boats to be
; used upon western and southern waters. I show
i the fact that these boats, costing that amount, were
j in use upon those waters when the improvements
| ceased. I hope that there wiil be no difficulty in
! increasing the appropriation that amount, and that
j there will be no difficulty on the part of the com-
' mittee in separating the appropriation which was
[ designed for the upper Ohio from that which was
j designed for the Ohio below the Falls.
; I will remark that the Hudson river above and
' below Albany is a case right in point. Remember
1 that the head of the Committee on Commerce was
j exceedingly averse to altering the phraseology of
the appropriation for this river, lest, forsooth, it
might be all spent below Albany. Now, I wish to
apply in this case the very morale of what he
taught me to the specific appropriation asked for
above the Falls of the Ohio, and that it shall not
be within the competency of any engineer or Sec-
retary to spend it upon some other river than the
ij Ohio.
j] Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I desire to offer
[j an amendment to theamendment of the gentleman
ii from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.]
|l The CHAIRMAN. The motion is to strike
i! out and insert, as you will perceive. It is in order
'| to move an amendment to the words to be stricken
[ out, and the words to be inserted there.
]| Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 desire to strike out of
;j the original bill. I move to strike out the words
|j 44 below the rapids," and insert 44 below the Falls
;; of St. Anthony."
1 My object in offering this amendment is to ex-
tend the appropriations, or at least to give to the
Executive the discretion of extending them in aid
ofthe navigation of the Mississippi river. The pro-
vision from which I propose to strike out the words
44 below the rapids," restricts the appropriations
to that point. Above that point, no part of the
:l sum appropriated by this clause can be applied,
j• I do not understand the reason for this restriction
in the appropriation. Besides that, I am opposed to
conferring on the Executive Depai tment the power
j which is contained in this paragraph. I am op-
posed to placing it within the power of any single
' man to take this immense sum of money and ap-
propriate it at any particular point on any of these
i rivers where he may see fit to apply it. 1 think
it is the duty of Congress to make the appropria-
■ tion, and to designate the points where it. is to be
i applied. When-the gentleman makes his motion
ij to designate those points—I do not undeistand
i whether I am correct in this construction or not—
. he requires that the balance of the appropriation
shall be expended below the Falls of the Ohio,
ji That would exclude that portion of the Upper
; Mississippi river between its mouth and the Falls
i of St. Anthony.
i The sum proposed to be appropriated is mea-
, \ gre, and I would desire to increase it; but I per-
ceive that it is almost impossible. When you
;; vote money, let it not be scattered over the coun-
j1 try for the mere purpose of giving to every por-
ii tion of the country some pari of the appropria-
