THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Deo. 81,
i
J
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] introduced
to th$ committee on a former occasion, was the
business before the committee as unfinished busi-
ness at its last session. The Chair decided-against
shim; and from that decision an appeal was taken,
and the committee overruled the Chair/ The
Chair is therefore constrained to say that the reso-
lution is now before the committee as the unfin-
iqnp/1 niicmp<!q
Mr. STANTON.- I am not disposed to appeal
from the decision of the Chair that the President's
message is not a part of the question before the
committee, being satisfied that the statement of
the Chairman cannot alter the facts.
Mr. DISNEY., Had it been the pleasure of the
House on yesterday to have permitted me to speak
when I first obtaine'd the floor, I should probably
then have said much, very much, in relation to the
merits of the resolution before thecommittee, which
1 shall now refrain from uttering. X shall now
abstain from presenting any extended views. I
see around me indications too evident to allow me
to doubt the propriety and, indeed, absolute neces-
sity of action instead of debate. Influenced by
considerations of this sort, and animated by a de-
sire to bring this matter to a final decision, I will
not avail myself of the privilege of discussion even
to the extent which 1 may under the resolution,
limited as it is to one half hour. I propose to
trespass upon the patience of the committee but
for a very brief period indeed; «fout 1 regret the
conclusions to which I have been forced to come
in this respect, and the mode in which circum-
stances will compel me to handle the subject, the
less, because, independently of all other incidental
questions and of the various views in which this
matter may be presented, the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Gentry] has in fact practically pre-
sented the entire actual question before the House
for its decision. It is a wise and safe rule which
teaches us that when we have one point upon
which a case may be properly decided, we never
should seek for another. But as I have obtained
the floor, and may, under the rules, occupy the
attention of the committee for a few moments, I
will take the occasion, before 1 sit down, to utter
fiome sentiments. It may be that they are peculiar
to myself; that may be so; they are at least quite
different Irom the general course of remark I heard
yesterday uttered in this Hall—I allude, sir, to the
idea of intervention. And here, once for all, let ;
me say in advance, that intervention stalks no '
spectre in my path. It cannot startle me from my
notions of right and wrong; but as I shall say
something upon ibis part of the matter before
I take my seat, I will, in the first place, ask leave
to address myself to some of the questions of order,
which I see evidently will, when this committee
rises, be raised in the Iloust for its decision. First,
it is objected that this resolution is not properly
before the committee. Now, every one at all fa-
miliar with parliamentary law and the history of
• the origin of committees, knows that all commit-
tees, of whatever character, whethcrspecial, select,
or standing, have full power to act in each and
every case upon such subject!) as may be embraced
in the general scope of'the authonty conferred
upon them by the rule or order creating and estab-
lishing them, as well as m all other matters which
may be specially referred to them by order of the
House. Committees of the Whole were constitu-
ted for particular purposes. They were to relieve
the legislative body from the rigor of the common ,
laws, if I may so express myself; to place the House i
in its undress; to permit it to consider the subject on '
two different occasions—the one with freedom and ;
with ease, unrestrained and untied dow n by these
formal ceremonies or principles of the law; and in :
the other case,to consider it according to the rules i
and ceremonies which custom, reason, and, I may 1
add. common sense combined, have established
for the government of legislative bodies. The very :
essence and existence of committees of the whole
are to be found in the freedom with which you '
can discuss <md handle subjects. One attribute of ■'
all committees is, that when any particular sub- '
ject may nave been referred to them, they mav
act with regard to it, and, in the language of the '
law, report upon it either by bill or otherwise i
Read the Manual, and you will find that when any !
paper or subject is referred to the committee, they <
may originate matter concerning it, either by res- !
olution or by bill, and report it to the body who !
has appointed such committee. In truth, as I un- !
derstand this matter, it seems to be conceded upon
all hands, that if the subject-matter of this thing
shall be fairly before the committee—that is, the
subject'out of which the resolution may have le-.
gitimately grown,, or may legitimately grow—that
then the resolution may be acted on, and properly
reported to the House. That being conceded, the
only question that remains for "us to inquire into
is simply whether there is now legally before this
committee any subject-matter out of which a res-
olution of this sort can come? The House has
decided this question. I flatter myself, if I hatT
been heard upon this subject yesterday, that I
could have convinced gentlemen that the introduc-
tion of the resolution was right, because such sub-
ject-matter did exist; but I am saved the necessity
of the attempt to-day, by the decision which this
House came to this morning, in relation to a res-
olution offered by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Clingman,] by and in which you as-
serted and decided that so much of the President's
message as relates to Louis Kossuth, was and is
before this committee, and that out of it this reso-
lution has .grown. I say, that point is already
decided by the resolution of the gentleman from
North Carolina; but I waive all these positions.
They are not necessary or essential to the decision
of this question. The latitude to which I have
adverted, as belonging to committees of the whole,
is established and known to the law. Still you,
by your usages and rules, have not been content
with that, but have gone further, and created an-
other committee of the whole, with higher and
broader privileges, and less restrained in regard to
the freedom of debate, or its mode and manner of
procedure. You have not only a Committee of
the Whole, but you have a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—a committee
unknown to the common law, and in which you
exercise a latitude of debate sanctioned by imme-
morial usage unknown even to those allowed even •
in committees of the whole.
What is your every-day practice, no matter
what particular subject may be the matter pend-
ing before the committee ? A gentleman rises in his
place, and presents his views upon any subject with-
in the range of human comprehension. He does
not talk at all about the matter upon which he is
going to vote. He is tied down by none of the
rules of order as generally known to the common
law. He is not put down by those motions and
actions which usually govern committees of the
whole. As we have been told here, the practice
of the House has been to originate bilis in this
committee, as in the case stateel by the gentleman
of a bill being introduced in the committee for the
admission of California. It originated in the com-
mittee, consequently in conformity to the general
provisions to which I have alluded before in re-
gard to the powers of the committee. Then, in
my judgment, it is sufficient to rest this matter
upon the general fact, that the Committee of the
Whole upon the state of the Union, having .the
Union generally under consideration, and^ this
matter pertaining to the official action of the'Gov-
ernment-—having relation to the Government as a
Government—-is within tHS scope and authority of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. But I will not trespass further upon this
point. Time flies rapidly. Another objection is
raised, and it is, that the resolution proposes to
refer a subject to the action of another committee.
I apprehend that the gentlemen who read that
resolution carefully will find it proposes no such
thing. It does not propose that this committee
shall refer any subject to the action of another
committee; for I admit, in that it is well estab-
lished that no committee—neither the Committee
of the Whole, nor any standing or select commit-
tee—can refer a matter of which it has the charge
to any other committee. Does this resolution
propose to do any such thing? I apprehend not.
What is that resolution when fairly and fully
written out ? '' Resolved by the Mouse of Represent-
atives, That a committee be appointed,"&c. I
know not whether the technical' phraseology is in
the resolution or not; but if it be there, gentle-
men will discover afterwards, upon the very face
of the resolution, that it does not propose that
this committee shall refer this matter to another
committee; but it proposes that the lloxise shall
refer this subject to the action of the proposed
con®futtee—a committee to be raised by the order
of the House. This committee is only discussing
the propriety of recommending to the House this
matter. But, sjr, I stated, when I got up, I had
no intention of trespassing long upon the attention
of the committee. I feel myself, and I know that
•in that feeling I participate with a vast majority of
the members of this House, that the committee
will prefer action rather than either words or ideas.
But before I take my seat, I must say that I
feel also that, in justice tb myself, I ought to enter
my dissent from the doctrines and opinions ad-
vanced upon this floor yesterday in reference to
the reception of this distinguished person. It has
been intimated that favorable action upon this poor
resolution involves some matter of principle—that
it will commit the House to the doctrines advanced
by Louis Kossuth. I was pleased to hear the
distinguished chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations admit that, in his judgment, it in-
volved no such committal. Nor does it. I ap-
prehend that this is the sound conclusion to which
every gentleman will come, and must come, who
sits down and calmly looks over the whole
matter. What are the facts before us in re-
gard to this subject? You have invited him to
your country; you have passed resolutions in-
viting him to your seat of Government; and now
the only question before this committee to decide
is, whether you will appoint a committee of a few
gentlemen as a part of the arrangement to intro-
duce him? It is objected by some that he is a for-
eigner, and they do not desire to be taught the
,kdoctrines of republicanism, or the true policy of
our foreign relations, or the principles of our insti-
tutions of government, by foreigners. How very
alarming! how well founded I But,really,is there
anything to startle us from our propriety ? What
are the bare and naked facts ? Here comes a man
under the circumstances I have stated—a man who
needs no eulogy from my hands. I attempt no eu-
ulogy upon Louis Kossuth. I make none. No,
sir; no. No, I shall do no such silly,foolish thing.
He is too far beyond my power of praise. He
has written his own eulogy. He has written his
name—he has written himself a MAN upon the
historic page of the present age, and he has writ-
teq it in the broad character of living, enduring
light, which will be read as long as the history of
the human race is read. He is beyond all eulogy
at my hands. His fame will be perpetual, no
matter what may be the action which we may
take in regard to this petty resolution. I say pet-
ty, because it contemplates a ceremony involving
nothing of principle, but, as the gifted gentleman
from T ennessee [Mr. Gkntry] so forcibly and
eloquently said, does involve somewhat of our own
dignity.
It is objected that he, a stranger, comes forward
and advocates doctrines gentlemen cannot assent
to. Sir, he would be false to his mission, coming
here to beg for his suffering and drown-trodden
country, if he did not seek to obtain your aid by
every means and argument that the powers of his
mighty intellect could suggest. Great as Louis
Kossuth is, he comes here in a mightier character
than even all of his own ennobling qualities can
make him. He comes here as the representative
of a people. It is a nation that talks to you when
Kossuth speaks. Hungary appeals to you through
him. Read the page of history froifltthe earliest
time, and nothing is more common than missions
for assistance from one people to another. But
our Government is peculiar. On the continent of
Europe,where monarchies and kingly crowns exist
these missions are settled in the "audience of the
Prime Minister, who, under those Governments,
represents the Government and the power of the
nation; but we haveno such government here. A
man to reach this Government must appeal to the
representatives of the people; and it is for this that
Louis Kossuth seeks to address himself to you,
and if possible, to persuade you, by every means
and argument, to his convictions. Is there any-
thing wrong in this? Is there anything indelicate
m it ? Is there anything in it to startle gentlemen
in the fear that they may subject themselves to the
charge that they were learning the doctrines of
American republicanism at the hands of a for-
eigner? I repeat it, that he would be false to his
mission if he did not seek to have an audience be-
fore you—you the representatives of this mighty
Republic and if possible, to convince you of the
righteousness of his cause; to enlist your sympa-
thy and aid m his behalf. This is his object, and
for it he desires to make his appeal. Are we afraid
