1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1949
tion; but let the amount, when it is appropriated
for a specific object, be commensurate with the
importance of that object. What will $50,000 do
towards improving the rapids in the Mississippi
river? And if it amounts to nothing, of course
the object of the committee is merely to fix a
stake there for the purpose of showing that they
have brought that region of country within their
range, when, in fact, they have been of no practi-
cal benefit to it whatever.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans]
spoke of the immense sums that had been ex-
pended in the West. I will say to him,thatif he
will refer to the statistics in relation to this sub-
ject, he will find that from 1806 to the present time,
there have been expended a httleover $17,000,000;
and out of that sum only a little over $2,000,000
has been expended for western harbors and west-
ern rivers. I ask, if this inequality is U) be per-
petuated by this bill, and by all the other bills that
are to follow it for all time to come? I hope that
the amendment which I offer may prevail, and
that the Executive may have a discretionary
power of going to the head of navigation, instead
of being restricted to the Des Moines rapids.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. ORR. Would it not be in order to move
that the committee take a recess ?
The CHAIRMAN. It would; but the motion
that the committee do now rise would have prece-
dence.
Mr. ORR. We shall never get through this
bill unless we sit here longer I ask for tellers
on the motion of the gentleman from Virginia.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McQueen
and Polk were appointed.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—ayes 69, noes 48.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union gen-
erally, and particularly House bill No. 282,
" making appropriations for the improvement of
certain harbors and rivers," and had come to no
resolution thereon.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senate have returned
the Military Academy appropriation bill, with
certain amendments. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow that bill to be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
On motion by Mr. Campbell, of Illinois, the
House then adjourned until to-morrow, at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
PETITION, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c.,were presented
under the rule, ami referred to the appropnatc committees:
By Mr. HAWS: The memorial of Edward H. Swift, of
the city of New York, asking for the icturn of certain duties
paid by him to the Government, on >ugar destroyed by fire
m fnid city.
By Mr. ASHE: The petition of James M. Lewis, pray-
ing for a pension for wounds received while in the service
of the United States during the late war with Great Britain.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 28, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented five petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the
renewal of the patent granted to Austin and Zeb-
ulon Parker for improvements upon reaction water-
wheels; which were referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a memorial of the Board of Trade and
citizens of Philadelphia, praying the removal of
obstructions from the mouth of the Mississippi
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, five memorials of citizens of Pennsylva-
nia, praying the speedy construction of a ship-
canal around the Falls of the St. Mary's river;
which were ordered to be laid on the table, as the
subject is now before the Senate.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Montgomery
county, Pennsylvania, praying that the bill pro- I
viding for the payment of the fourth installment of j
the deposits of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, directed to be made with the several
States by the act of .Tune 23, 1836, may become a
law; which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Changuion
P. Jervey and others, praying for an American
register for the brig "Marthaette Morse," late
the Belgian brig " Enterprise;" which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHARLTON presented a memorial of the
agent of the State of Georgia, praying that the
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
may be authorized to allow and pay all accounts
intended to be provided for by act of 11th August,
1842, " providing for the settlement of the claims
of Georgia for the services of her militia," when
it shall be made to appear that the State has al-
lowed and paid the same; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr MASON presented the memorial of R. M.
Heath, agent for the State of Virginia, praying
that certain moneys expended by said State in or-
ganizing, &c., the Virginia regiment of volunteers
for the Mexican war may be refunded; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of William and M. Dearinger, praying the cor-
rection of an erroneous entry of land; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PROCEEDINGS ON THE DEATH OF MR. CLAY.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing
have instructed me to report the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the proceedings of the Senate and Ilou^e
of Representatives on the death of Henry Clay, ordei ed by
the Senate, and now in process of publication, he bound
under the direction of the Committee on Printing, by the
binder of the Senate documents.
Mr. CASS. I think there can be no objection
to that resolution, and I hope it will be taken up
and adopted immediately.
No objection was made to its consideration.
The PRESIDENT. According to the rules of
the body, as it proposes to appropriate money out
of the contingent fund, it will be required to be
read three times.
Mr. HAMLIN". I think not. It cannot be
possible. We have a contract made with the
binder of the Senate, and all volumes that are or-
dered to be printed are ordered to be bound, if!
they exceed a certain numberof pages. This work
does not come up to that number of pages; but
being a work of this particular character, and one
worthy of being preserved, and the f TouseofRep-
resen tatives having adopted the principleof binding
it, it is simply including it within the rule.
The PRESIDENT. If such is the understand-
ing of the Senate, the resolution will not be read
three times.
The resolution was then adopted.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill supplemental
to the act approved March 3, 1851, to ascertain
and settle the private land claims in the State of
California, reported back the same, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
Mr. GW1N. I shall at another time ask the
indulgence of the Senate to make some remarks
on that subject. I have been most grossly mis-
represented in regard to the principles involved in
that bill. I want to have an opportunity of ex- 1
plaining it, and I feel pretty confident that I can j
do it in a manner to insure it the favorable consid- !
eration of the Senate, notwithstanding the Com- j
mittee on Public Lands are adverse to it. |
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju- ;
diciary, to which was referred the joint resolution
to confer additional duties and powers on the So-
licitor of the Treasury, reported it back without
amendment.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the petition of Mrs.
Maria Davis, praying a pension and bounty land,
for the services of her son during the war with
Mexico, submitted a report accompanied by a bill j
for her relief; which was read, and passed to the ;
second reading. The report was ordered to be :
printed. \
He also, from the same committee, to which !j
was referred the petition of Rev. Richard Fuller, ||
praying that a pension may be allowed to the;1
mother of Captain James Stewart, of the United
States Army, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for the relief of Mrs. Claudia Stewart; which
was read, and passed to the second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
RIGHT OP WAY TO ROADS.
Mr. FELCH. The Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred House bill entitled
" An act to grant the right of way to all rail and
plank roads and macadamized turnpikes passing
through the public lands belonging to the United
States," have instructed me to report itba.ck with-
out amendment. A bill similar in its character
passed the Senate the other day. This is a House
bill; and 1 suppose the House, having passed it,
will not act on the other. As the Senate has once
acted on a bill of the same kind, 1 ask that this
may be considered now.
No objection was made, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct that the right of way shall
be granted to all rail and plank roads or macadam-
ized turnpike companies that are now or that
may be chartered within ten years hereafter, over
and through any of the public lands of the United
States, over which any rail or plank road or mac-
adamized turnpikes are or may be authorized by
an act of the Legislature of the respective States
in which public lands may be situated; and the
said company or companies are thereby author-
ized to survey and mark through the said public
lands, to be held by them for the track of said
road, one hundred feet in width: provided, that
in case where deep excavation or heavy embank-
ment is required for the grade of such road, then
at such places a greater width may be taken by
such company, iffiecessary, not exceeding in the
whole two hundred feet.
It proposes also to grant other privileges, such
as are granted to railroad companies, and with
like limitations.
And it proposes further to direct that the right
of way through the public lands of the United
States lying in Black Rock, in the county of Erie
and State of New York, shall be granted to the
Lockportand Buffalo Railroad Company: provided
that, in the opinion of the President of the United
States, such grant be not injurious to the public
interest, and that the location shall be approved
by the President as to the position and width of
the said raihoad: and provided further, that if the
said railroad shall not be completed within two
years, or if at any time after its completion the
said railroad be discontinued or abandoned, the
grant shall cease and determine.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the bill will be laid
over. I should like to look into it.
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator that we passed a bill of this character about
the same time, or soon after this bill passed the
House—a bill for the same purpose being in the
two IIous«s at the same time. To save time,
therefore, and to prevent any conflict in legisla-
tion, the proposition now from the Committee on
Public Lands is to take the House bill, which, in
substance, is precisely the same as that passed by
the Senate.
No amendment being made, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, ordered to be read a third
time, and it was read a third time and passed.
LAND DISTRICTS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. DODGE, of Towa. I am instructed by
the Committee on Public Lands, to which was
referred House bill to establish additional land
districts in the State of Wisconsin, to report it
back and recommend its passage. As it is a bill
which will not consume any time, enn lead to no
discussion, is a measure of very great importance
to the State, and has received the favorable action
of the House, I am instructed to ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to consider it now.
No objection was made, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
it proposes to establish two additional land
districts in the State, and defines their boundaries,
establishing the two land offices thereof respect-
ively at Stevens's Point and La Crosse, and au-
thorizing the President of the United States to
remove such offices to any other place in the dis-
tricts whenever he may deem such removal ex-
pedient. It also proposes to authorize the Presi-
