1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■h0B 
Mr. CLINGMAN. As 1 understand the gen-
tleman, he has taken Donelson & Armstrong at
Rives's bid, and they have refused it with his pro-
posed reduction. Did the committee assent to
Donelson & Armstrong's proposition, as they
made it ?
Mr. GORMAN. We have made no contract
with Donelson & Armstrong.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, this matter is in a
worse condition than I thought it was. We seem
to be entirely at sea, and, according to the present
statement, this committee has not, in fact, made
any contract at all. it seems to me, that this com-
mittee, instead of doing the business of this House,
and making recommendations for getting out of
the difficulty, want us to adopt their action when
they have had no final action.
Mr. GORMAN. I wish to lay this proposi-
tion on the table; and I will, on Monday, give a
tangible proposition: the reason why we cannot
make the contract, and why the parties will not
accept the proposition made. We will proceed to
give estimates of what it can be done at by Don-
elson & Armstrong, Rives, or anybody else. I
am one of that committee, and when weagree upon
the subject, we will report the fact.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am glad to get the gen-
tleman's explanation, but I will not wait for the
committee. They are too supine and slow; for,
three months ago, they told us that this man Ham-
ilton could not execute the public printing. This
was said again and again by the committee during
the debate on the census report. And yet, with a
full knowledge of this, that committee has utterly
failed to take any action on the subject.
Mr. GORMAN. I never made a proposition
to this House to give out one single particle of the
public printing. I proposed three months ago to
give Donelson & Armstrong the contract to print
the census, and nothing else.
Air. CLINGMAN. I understood the gentle-
man perfectly in the speech he made upon that
occasion. He then said that Boyd Hamilton could
not doit. He went into a long argument to show
that Boyd Hamilton could not execute it, and he
has rested upon his oars ever since, without bring-
ing forward any specific proposition to remedy
the evil. It is very obvious that the gentleman's
motive has been to provide for Donelson & Arm-
strong. That is his object, and he intends to
baffle the House until they find themselves so much
worried to get this printing done, that they will 1
adopt that proposition. Therefore, sir, I am not!
for it; and I propose a reference of this subject to '
the Judiciary Committee. I differ with my friend ,
from South Carolina [Mr. Okr] as to the propri-
ety of recommitting this matter to the Committee
on Printing. The chairman of that committee has
avowed it to be his object to benefit his political
friends—and I refer the gentleman to his own
speech—and therefore he is not prepared to modi-
fy his views.
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman cannot be
Eermitted to do me an injustice, and I do not think j
e will try to do it. The gentleman says I claim >
this particularly for Donelson & Armstrong, upon !
party grounds. Now, the gentleman must be
aware that what I said was, that if patronage had
to be bestowed, I should prefer bestowing it upon 1
a political friend rather than on a political foe.
That is all I did say, and from that he cannot ad-
duce the conclusion he has.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will remind the gentle- j
man that if he had stood upon that ground, he 1
might very well have taken the proposition I sug- i
gested to him some months ago in debate, and that !
was, to let the lowest bidder take it. Then his :
friends would have had an equal chance. My col- I
league put the question again and again in his j
speech: Why was it they took the highest instead !
of the lowest bidder? j
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I under- j
stand that this committee called upon Mr. Rives, j
and he told them that he made this bid far above .
its value, not expecting to get the work. They j
asked him to furnish a statement at which the I
work could be well and fairly done, which state- j
ment he did furnish them, far below the rates jj
which the committee have proposed to give Don- |;
elson & Armstrong, and Gideon & Co., but the
committee have said not a word about this to the
House. Is that true ? ' j
Mr. GORMAN. Not one word of it, sir. Mr. i;
Rives was called upon by the chairman of the joint ,;
committee to furnish a just estimate of the prices,
and he furnished these prices, which are higher,
and not lower.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman furnish
them to this House ?
Mr. GORMAN. Yes; I will furnish them.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It was stated the other
day by, 1 believe, the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Haven,] that Rives said, that upon his own
bid the contractor might make a handsome profit.
That is so; but I am not disposed to go into this
matter at length. The committee have not only
passed over the bids of Towers and others, but
when they took Rives's bid, they repudiated him.
If you take his bid, why repudiate him? But,
Mr. Speaker, I say that this is an attempt like the
first was, to get a portion of the public Treasury
for the benefit of friends.
Mr. GORMAN. If my friend will allow me
again to interrupt him. I must have justice done
me before the House. I tell the gentleman from
North Carolina—and my colleague here, my friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Station,] knows it—that I
made the proposition in the committee to take
Towers's bid, but an honorable Senatorupon that
committee made a calculation, and demonstrated
to us that Rives's bid, with sixty-nineper cent, de-
| ducted, was the cheapest of the two. My propo-
sition was for Towers's bid.
Mr. ORR. My friend from Indiana has fallen
into an error in reference to this sixty-nine per
cent, of which he speaks. Here is a table, and I
will read the caption of it, prepared by the Clerks
of the two Houses on the 3d of March last:
" Statement showing the amounts of the several propo-
sals for each class of the printing of the Thirty-second
Congress, as calculated upon the quantities of printing of
the two Houses of Congiess oidered at the first session of
the Thirtieth Congress, anil showing also the aggregate
amount of the proposals of th<  several individuals for the
printing of all the classes upon that data, together with the
average amount of the whole."
Now, sir, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
GormasJ states that Mr. Rives's bid compre-
hended the census, but the caption of this state-
ment shows that the aggregate bids were calculated
upon the assumption that the printing for this i
Congress would be equal to that of the Thirtieth '
Congress, when, as we all know, no census print-
ing was ordered by the Thirtieth Congress; and
Rives's bid, after deducting the sixty-nine per cent,
on the long numbers, is, as I stated," $169,000.
Apprehending that I might have misunderstood
this matter, since yesterday I have seen both Rives
and Towers, and both concur m the statement
] that Towers's bid is §30,000 less than Rives's.
j Mr. CLINGMAN. That corresponds with the
! published report in the Congressional Globe, which
I read this morning, and which is given at length
| in that paper. But I now wish to say a word upon
l the political bearing of this matter. You well rec-
; olleet, Mr. Speaker, when the contract system was
\ originally adopted, that at that time the Demo-
I cratic party had a majority of sixty or seventy
j upon this floor; but the Whigs had been discussing
' it from session to session, and, finally, under the
| lead of one of your colleagues, (Garrett Davis,) a
j vigorous effort was made at tnat time, and the
I whole of the Whig party came up, and the Dem-
ocratic party, with their large majority of sixty or
seventy, came forward and helped it through.
The Whigs did not want to bear the burden of
carrying upon their shoulders an odious system of [
favoritism. Now it is proposed to abandon it,!
and for no new system that would do better, but
to go back into that old system of favoritism, of1
party organs, which was found to be somischiev- ,
ous. I should like to know upon what principle
any man upon this side of the House—referring !
to party organization as existing on the old basis— ;
I should like to know upon what principle we are >
to go over, and abandon this contract system. |
Look back to the constant denunciations of that [
day, and for many years, of the Government pat-
done this year. For you will remember, Mr.
Speaker, when this proposition was originally
brought up to give it to Donelson & Armstrong,
the whole Whig party, without any single excep-
tion, voted against it; and now it is supposed by
a combination with the Republic that-we will go
over.
Now, Mr. Speaker, party principles are very
cheap at this time, I admit. 1 did say, last ses-
sion, that 1 looked upon the present parties as not
divided upon any principle at all—that the old
parties were merely bodies of men or combina-
tions, struggling to get at the public offices. I
still entertain that opinion to -a great extent. But,
sir, are we to be called upon now to surrender any
relic of party principle, and that the whole Whig
party enter into this system for that consideration ?
Now, I should like to know of the chairman of
the Committee on Printing, whether any prece-
dent like this can be found ? It is said that Esau
sold his birthright for a mess of pottage; but Esau
intended to eat the pottage himself. There is no
evidence whatever before us, that Esau would
have sold that birthright for pottage for somebody
else to eat. Yet we are to be so well satisfied, if
this Republic can get into the public Treasury,
and obtain a share of the money, that we are to
sell out whatever of principle we had upon this
question. That is the point, Mr. Speaker.
The Union endeavored, early this session, to
get, through the aid of its friends, into the public
Treasury; but found that it was not strong enough
to get in, and had to agree to divide; just as, a few
years ago, when the Patent Office was robbed of
its jewels by twd or three accomplices. Do you
suppose the man who first conceived the design of
getting in the Patent Office, and taking away these
jewels, proposed to call in others and divide, from
a mere feeling of generosity ? Not at all. I do not
doubt that he found he c.ould not get in alone, and
upon the principle of necessity, he made a bargain
with several others, that they should aid him, and
divide the spoil. This illustrates this principle.
They wish to get into the Treasury, and finding
that they are not strong enough alone, they say to
the Whigs, if you come in and help us, we will
divide with you. That is the amount of it, sir.
It is a violation of the existing law, to get at the
money. If the committee are of opinion that
the system established by law is %vrong, let them
come up, and report a proposition to repeal the
law; but they have no right to endeavor, while
that system is the law of the land, to evade it in
this way.
Mr. HAVEN. I shall only trouble you for a
moment, sir, because in reference to all these party
divisions I propose to have nothing to do; but
there is one question which I desire to lay before
the House, and let the gentleman have the benefit,
of it, too. The first thing is simply this: is the
House satisfied with the execution, or attempted
execu tion, of the contract by Mr. Ha milton ? The
committee were not satisfied; but if the House is
satisfied, so far as I am concerned, I am willing to
leave this matter where it is. lint, as one of the
committee, I have some to the conclusion that he
did not perform his contract, and I choose that
this House should make war upon Hamilton for
not performing it, rather than upon the committee
for having neglected their duty. Let the House
take the issue. If they are satisfied with the qual-
ity and quantity of the woik, let them have the
responsibility; if they are not satisfied, then the
second section of the act requires the committee
to take such means as they may deem necessary
to remedy the neglect or delay on the part of
Hamilton. The committee have taken pains, so
far as they have been able, to remedy that neg-
lectand delay. They have not consummated these
means. They have tried to, and will, if the House
have confidence in the committee; but from the
time that the House have not confidence in the
committee I shall be happy to transfer into their
ronage and power, and its influence upon the press j | hands that duty, and let them see with how much
and country, and it will be seen that the whole i greater unanimity they can come to a conclusion
Whig party came up to carry out the system now <j than the committee have. I submit this proposi-
proposed to be abandoned. What is the consid-j tion: If the House or country are satisfied with
eration ? Why, the only consideration offered for
this surrender of principle—for there was principle j
in it originally, and there is still—the only consid-!
eration is, that the Republic is to have some share j
of the printing, it being a Whig organ. We are ,
to sell out, and transfer whatever principle there |
was in this matter, in consideration of the favor .
the printing, in quantity and quality, as delivered,
and in amount, that they relieve the committee
from any responsibility upon that subject; if they
are not, then the committee, occupying tlie place
they do, will take the best means in their power
to remedy that inconvenience. It was because it
was intimated or suggested by gentlemen here,
