THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 31,
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 10, noes 95; no quorum voting.
[Cries—"Call the roll"Call the roll!"]
The roll was again called and the committee
rdse, and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
the chairman of the committee reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
haying again found itself without a quorum, had
caused the roll to be called, and instructed him to
report the facts to the House, with the names of
the absentees.
Mr. SWEETSER-. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move a reconsideration of the vote by
■which this House resolved to adjourn over until
■ Friday.
The SPEAKER. No motion is now in order
under the rules and practice of this House. A
quorum of the House being now present, the
chairman of the committee will resume the chair.
Mr. KING, of Rhode Island. Would it be in
order to move a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. No business is nowin order
before the House.
A quorum being now present, the committee
resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now before
the committee is on the appeal taken from the de-
cision of the Chair by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingmam.]
'Mr. LETCHER. ■ 1 move that the committee
rise, and report the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] to the House,
"with instructions that it pass.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia is not now in order. The ques-
tion is upon the appeal taken by the gentleman
from North-Carolina, [Mr. Cmnoman.]
Mr. ORR. 1 move that the committee rise. It
is getting late.
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a point of order. It
is this: We have just taken the question upon
rising, and no business has been done since. It
cannot be in order to move that same question
again at this time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is mistaken.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. As I under-
stand it, the committee rose for want of a quorum
while there was an appeal pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from South
Carolina moves that the committee now rise.
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers; which were
ordered^ and Messrs. Cartter and Brooks were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 85.
So the committee refused to rise.
The quest ion now being upon the appeal taken
by the gentleman from North Carolina,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
tellers; which were ordered, and Messrs. Carttkr
and Fowler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 5—and while the noes were being
counted—
Mr. CLEVELAND said, I rise for the purpose
of asking the Chair to discharge his duties accord-
ing to the rules of the House.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. CLEVELAND. But I ask 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" "Order!" all
over the House.j
Mr. CLEVELAND. Mr. Chairman, may I
ask 
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!" and great con-
fusion ]
The tellers then reported the vote on the appeal
of the gentleman from North Caiolina, and there I
were—ayes 5, noes 89. No quotum voting.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Yesterday, sir, we list-
ened to 
[Cries of "Order '.""Order!" " Hear!" "Hear!"
and great confusion in the Hall.]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I call upon the Chair to
enforce the rule which requires that every member
in his seat shall vote.
[Cries of "Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I find many of those
who were yesterday denouncing the friends ofthe
resolution as violators ofthe Constitution and the
rules, now sitting in their seats and doing that of
which they accused those who differed with them
in opinion merely.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order !"" and great con-
fusion.]
" Mr. CLEVELAND. It is alike disgraceful to
the House and the country.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
Connecticut come to order? No debate is in
order.
[Great noise and confusion.]
Mr. RIDDLE. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn. [Laughter and great confusion.]
The CHAIRMAN said, that the roll"would be
called, to ascertain the names of the absentees.
The roll was then called, and the absentees
noted. The committee rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee "reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, having found
itself without a quorum, had ordered the roll to
be called, and instructed him to report the facts to
the House, with the names of the absentees.
A quorum being now present, the committee
resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, Shall the
decision 0f the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?
Mr. MARSHALL. I move that the committee
rise.
The CHAIR is of the opinion that that ques-
tion is not now in order. Nothing has been done
since the committee last found itself without a
quorum upon the appeal taken from the decision
of the Chair. The motion that the committee rise
has been put, and therefore the question is not now
in order.
Mr. DEAN. I would like to make an inquiry;
Have we not a rule in this House, that every
member must vote?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the rule of the
House, but I have never yet seen any one forced
to vote.
Mr. McMULLIN. We are not governed by
rules. You voted down all rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The decision ofthe Chair
is, that the resolution adopted in the House, ter-
minating debate upon so much of the President's
message as relates to Louis Kossuth, is not appli-
cable, and does not stop the debate upon the reso-
lution, which the committee had before it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do I understand the
Chair that we cannot make a motion to rise ?
The CHAIR, decides that a motion was made
that the committee rise, put and negatived. The
question then was upon the appeal. Upon that
question the committee found itself without a quo-
rum, and, nothing having been done since, a mo-
tion now that the committee rise would not be in
order.
Mr. VENABLE. If the Chair will pardon me,
I rise to make a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. There is one point of order
already pending.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 beg the House
will indulge nie for a moment 
[Cries of "T object!" "I object'" "I object!"]
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish'to say a word to
the committee, if they will indulge me. I will on
this question vote to make a quorum, in order that
the Chair can entertain a proposition that the com-
mittee rise. As the case now stands the motion
cannot be made.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will be again
taken by tellers.
The tellers (Messrs. Cartter and Fowi,f.r)
having resumed their places, the question was again
taken, and there were—ayes 35, noes 99.
The CHAIRMAN. The decision of the Chair
is overruled, and the committee determines that
the resolution adopted this morning, terminating
debate and discharging the Committee of the
Whole from the consideration of so much of the
President's message as relates to Louis Kossuth,
applies to and terminates debate upon the question
now pending in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that the committee
rise. J
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded tell-!
ers; which were ordered, and Messrs. Mf.acham ■
and Venable were appointed.
The question was then takert; and there were
fil ayes and 83 noes.
So the committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is upon j
th.e amendment offered by the gentleman from j
North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] to strike out all |
after the word " resolved," in the original resolu-
tion, and to insert the following, viz:
That the Speaker be authorized to invite I>ouis Kossuth
to a privileged seat within this House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the decision of the
Chair was reversed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that a.motion to reconsider' cannet
be made in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I offer the following
amendment to the original resolution:
Provided, Thai by the adoption of the pending resolution
tbis Government does not depart from its Jong-established
doctrine ot" non intervention; and does not intend to in-
dorse the doctrine of Kossuth, if that doctrine be direct
interference by tins Government with ioreign Powers.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I'must insist upon
it that I am entitled to the floor. [Laughter.] At
the time the question of order was raised I had the
floor, and proposed to amend the amendment of-
fered by the gehtleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Venable.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio.
[Mr. Campbell] will recollect that he was occu-
pying the floor under the half-hour rule, when he
was arrested in his speech, and the committee de-
termined that he could not proceed under the rule.
Of course he was cut off, and did not have the
floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I beg leave to say to the
Chair, that I distinctly stated at the time that I
desired to introduce an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot be
prevented hereafter from offering his amendment.
He is certainly, in the opinion of the Chair, not
entitled to the floor, as,under the time which was
assigned before, the half-hour had expired. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Chdrchwell]
offers his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS called for the reading of the
amendment as amended*.
yfhe CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
amendment relating to Kossuth, and the doctrines
. Ire has maintained, is in order.
V Mr. CHURCHWELL. Mr. Chairman, the
amendment which I offer is intended as an addi-
tion to the resolution. I do not desire to oppose
the proposition to welcome Kossuth; but I do de-
sire to inform him that in giving this welcome
Congress does not intend to indorse the views
which he seems to entertain. The honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] while he de-
clares himself to be in favor of direct interference
by this Government, asks if we are afraid to en-
counter the spectre of non-interference in our path.
I can answer that gentleman—we have no fear,
nor have the people! have the honor to represent.
They are the people of Jackson—liberal,generous,
and brave. Nor am I, sir, to be frightened from
the path of duty. I come with liberal views, and
when I say that my heart is full of sympathy for
those who struggle in the Old World for a change
of government, and manifest a desire to adopt the
institutions tinder which we have grown prosper-
ous and powerful, I only express the feelings of
my people. We should be glad to see the institu-
tions which we so much prize, and which are so
dear to us, established throughoot the civilized
world. But while we entertain these views and
are animated by these feelings, I do not feel pre-
pared to go the length which Kossuth seems to
desire. I am not willing to see resolutions adopted
by this Assembly touching the great question of
intervention, without expressing my dissent.
There are no people who are more generous in
their feelings than those that I have the honor to
represent; but while they would be willing to wel-
come the distinguished Hungarian, they would not
agree that he should be the recipient of the nation's
honor if by that honor gentlemen mean to indorse
his views. The high position of our Republic de-
mands that we do not compromise its dignity.
The teachings of that man who is without a model,
the immortal Washington, who speaks to us from
yonder canvas as though animate with life the
recollection of Jefferson, the sagacious states-
man—-the memory of Jackson, who rests in the
bosom of his mother earth at the Hermitage in my
own native State,—forbid us to take a step which
has no parallel in the records of the history of our
country.
Kossuth asks, yea, demands the aid,of the
young American giant in- his behalf. Sir, for such
