1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dire# interference I am not prepared, nor are the
American people. We have advanced to the high
station we now occupy, commanding respect both
at home and abroad, by adhering to our Ponstitu-
tion and respecting the precepts of the sages who
framed it. Sir, suppose we give him our sympa-
thy as it was given four years ago to the French
people, who it was supposed were anxious to en-
joy free institutions, will you not bestow it un-
worthily? Grant that you give him the nation's
sympathy, give him men, give him money—for
like Caesar he.demands them—and who can foresee
tiie result? May we not expect to behold in a few
years the novel spectacle of liossuth being crowned
Emperor of the Republic of Hungary? We gave
our sympathy to the French people. Bonaparte
is a Republican Emperor. France is not free.
We are happy and independent. We have al-
ways recognized the feeling of independence where-
ever manifested, and given it our countenance
without interference. And, sir, let us, for the high
respect we entertain for the honored dead, pause,
and consider the step we are now invited to take.
For myself, I am opposed to the adoption of the
resolution unamended; and I am unwilling that it
shall go to the country, especially after the eloquent
speech of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,]
in favor of direct international interference, with-
out the expression of my dissent. Kossuth has
been honored on his way to the capital. More
fortunate than most men in adversity, he has Inren
taken by the hand and welcomed by our distin-
guished men; grey-headed men—men who have
grown up with the Republic, and whose heads are
crowned with laurels for services in defence of the
cause of liberty in their country, have taken liim
by the hand and given him a hearty welcome to
our shores. The Empire City has done him honor.
The roar of the American cannon has scarcely died
away that announced his arrival. What more can
he ask? It is true he has been unfortunate in the
controversy at home; but are we prepared to Un-
dertake to restore him ? The Bourbons were long
out of power.
There seems to be a strange, wild infatuation
pervading this assembly. Indeed, sir, I am at a
loss to conjecture from what political wardrobe
gentlemen have dressed themselves within the last
few days. I well recollect that before I had the
honor of a seat upon this floor, there were resolu-
tions introduced here proposing to furnish "mate-
rial aid" for the Mexican war, in which our own
country was justly engaged. Sir, there are gen-
tlemen here who voted against those resolutions
who are now the advocates of that which is before
us. I feel a license to speak freely on this sub-
ject, because, with others of both the Senate and
the House, I have united to give a banquet in hon-
or of the distinguished stranger.
[Here the chairman's hammer fell, to intimate
that the gentleman's five minutes had expired.]
Mr. BlSSELL. I desire to say one word upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
It is too indefinite, and I cannot vote for it. I
intended to vote, and still intend to vote for the
original resolution, or something like it—design-
ing thereby simply to render an act of courtesy to
a distinguished individual—nothing more, nothing
less. I wish this explanation to go forth to the
country, that in voting for Che resolution I mean to
do nothing more than I have stated. But I am
free to say,also,that Louis Kossuth has advanced
some doctrines here which I am not prepared to
sanction. While I make this declaration, however,
I admit he has advanced other doctrines and prin-
ciples in regard to intervention and non-interven-
tion, which I am willing to indorse. I believe in
the right to act precisely as Kossuth seems to de-
sire ijshould. I am willing;, when the time comes
that makes it necessary, be it sooner or later, that
our Government should make such declaration for-
mally as Kossuth desires. But the time has not
come, and there is nothing existing which calls for
it. T am willing to pass the naked resolution,
therefore, not coupling it with any conditions, ex-
planations, or qualifications. Whenever the occa-
sion arrives—I trust it may never come—which
will make it important or necessary for our Gov-
ernment to make such a declaiation as Kossuth
would have us to make now, and to tollow up that
declaration with war; if it is necessary, I am ready
for it. But this amendment is too indefinite; and
I should not know what I was voting for or against
if I vote for that amendment. What is the well-
established doctrine and principle of this Govern- !
ment in regard'to non-intervention? Can thatgen- [
ileman tell me? It would require many pages and j
almost a volume to tell us, what is the principle j
of this Government in regard to non-intervention.* S
Again, what is the doctrine of Kossuth in regard
to this subject? The hints he has thrown out are
entirely <00 crude for me to form any very accu-
rate and definite notions as to his own ideas upon
this subject. If that amendment be adopted, as it
now stands, who shall say thafcwe are authorized
to interfere even with the affairs of this continent?
Suppose that England, France, or any other for-
eign Power, should attempt to subjugate Mexico,
would we not be estopped from interfering in such
a case, if we were to adopt that amendment? 1
say again, therefore, that the amendment is too
indefinite; and, in voting upon it, I should not
know what I was voting for or against.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Cries of " Question !" " Question !"
Mr. SEYMOUR, of JNew York. Mr. Chair-
man 
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I desire to offer
an amendment to the original resolution.
The CHAIRMAN. 'The amendment offered
by the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Ven-
able] was a substitute for the one introduced by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter.] The,
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Ciiurchwell]
proposes to amend the original resolution. It is :
perfectly in order to perfect the original resolution
before the question is put upon a substitute.
Mr. HARRIS. That is precisely what I intend
to do.
'the CHAIRMAN. An amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. CnuRcinvELi.] is in order.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
And that said committee be instructed to inform Louis
Kossuth (when tliev shall wait upon him) that the settled
policy of this Government is> : " Friendship with all nations.
—entangling alliances with none."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would suggest to my col-
league, [Mr. Ciiurchwell,] that he withdraw his
amendment, and let the question be taken upon
the amendment of my other colleague, [Mr. Har-
ris.]
The CHAIRMAN. That cannot be done ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I move to insert my
amendment as a substitute for the amendment of
my colleague, [Mr. Ciiurchwell.]
Mr. HARRIS said: The whole course of Kos-
suth since he reached our shores has been char-
acterized by an amount of candor and frankness
that is at least worthy of our imitation. Imme-
diately upon his arrival in this country he an-
nounces distinctly the. mission upon which he
comes. He tells you plainly that he comes not
for the purpose of partaking of your empty hos-
pitalities or your emptier compliments, but that lie
comes in the character of apolitical propagandist—
upon a political mission. He comes to ask this
Government to interfere in the struggles that are
going 011 in Europe; and after having thus dis-
tinctly announced to.you his object, it is but natu-.
ral that he should construe every act of courtesy
that you extend to him, as an indorsement of that
object; at all events, it js quite clear that he does so
construe them, if gentlemen doubt this, I refer
them to his speech at New York: in noticing the
passage in the Senate of the resolution of welcome,
he said 4 4 that it was said that the passage of this
resolution had no political meaning; but that he
knew that it had."
Indeed, sir, if this resolution posses without my
amendment, while the speech of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Dhjtey,] and the speeches of
other gentlemen in favor of intervention are ring-
ing in his ears, what can he understand from itbut
a declaration in favor of that policy?
Sir, in my opinion the time has come when we
should understand ourselves, and let Kossuth, the j
country, and the civilized world, understand pre- i
cisely how far we do intend to go in this matter, j
If it is the intention of the House to commit it- \
self to the policy of intervention in the affairs of j
other Governments, vote down the amendment !
that I have proposed, and let Kossuth and the |
country tujiderstand that we no Johger. adiwvMO
that principle of non-intervention taught us .by ^
Washington and a Jefferson. But if, upon ttfe
other hand, it \s intended to.pay Kossuth a mere-
personal compliment, without indorsing the policy
that he urges upon us, then adopt the amendment
that I have offered, and deal" fairly, candidly,-ajaa
l^nestly with him, with , the country,-ana with
yourselves. - - j ' -
For myself, I desire to say, that while I am.as
ready as any gentleman upon this floor to extend
to Kossuth a personal compliment,! am equally ,
ready to resist to the last extremity upon,this iloor,
any attempt to ^commit this Government to the
desertion of that principle of non-intervention which -
we have cherished from the earliest infancy of our
Governmentup to this hour. And if gentlemen in-*
tend no more than a personal compliment, why
should they object to the adoption of this amend-
ment, which tells him plainly and frankly, that
that is what we intend—that it is all we intend?
His frankness with us demands at least this much
at our hands.-
It is said by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Disney,] and others, that the principle of non-
intervention was a very proper one for thj& adop-
tion of this Government when an infant Republic,
but not so now when we have grow^i to be a'great
and powerful nation.
My own opinion is, that the principles and
policy which were then necessary for the healthful 1
development of the genius and powers of the young
republic, are equally necessary now, to protect the
strength and purity of that Government when
grown great and powerful; and if this principle
was worthy of our adoption then—and experience
has sanctioned its utility from that time to the
present—it is certainly worthy of our maintenance,
now and hereafter.
If, then, the House intends to do no*more than
pay to Louis Kossuth a personal compliment, they
will join me in adopting this amendment, and in
paying that compliment. But if it is the intention
of the House to do more than this, let them vote
down the amendment, and Kossuth and the coun-
try will understand it as a declaration upon the
part of the House of Representatives of the Ameri-
can Congress, against that great and vital principle
of non-intervention upon the part of this Govern-
ment m the affairs of other governments, bequeathed
to us as a rich and last political legacy by the
Father-of his Country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CARTTER. I do not rise for the purpose
of prolonging this discussion, or, at least, for tire
purpose of following the vein of discussion sought
to be introduced here by the amendment of my
friend from Tennessee, [Mi. Harris.] The great
mistake in his position, in connection with'the
resolution that has been offered, is the identifying
of the line of political and national action with t^e-
subject of the resolution. .Nowi protest, as I dia
when I offered the resolution, that the committee
should perform the naked office that it professes to
perform—that it should not be incumbered with
the doctrines of intervention or non-intervention.
While I would not wish to see ingrafted upon it
the doctrine of intervention, I protest against-in-
grafting upon it the doctrine of non-intervention..
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man aUow me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. CARTTER. Certainly.
Mr. HARRIS. Can *the speech of the gen-
tleman's colleague [Mr. Disney] be understood
by Kossuth or the country in any other con-
nection?
Mr. CARTTER. They can understand just
as much from the speech of my colleague as from
the speech of the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Harris,] that neither of them rep-
resents the sentiments of the entire American peo-
ple, and neither of them represents the sentiments
of the entire House of Representatives! That
is what they will understand. They will un-
derstand just as much by it as if the senti-
ment had been uttered by any other gentleman.
But one thing has been said which is legitimate to
the resolution by the gentleman from Tennessee^
[Mr. Harris.] That gentleman says that JLoui®
Kossuth repudiates the honors we are about to
pay to him. Now, I look in vain for any such"
avowal upon the part of Mr. Kossuth, it can-
not be found in any of his speeches. . But, on
I the other hand, every speech he has.uttered
