1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15.
league, that I prefer that the expression of my
views should precede my vote.
I acknowledge the binding force and obligation
of party usage. 1 pay as much deference to such
usage as any member upon this floor, in all proper
matters. I acknowledge, likewise, adhesion to
party principles; obligation either to defend them
when assailed, or no longer to consider myself as
a part and parcel of the party proclaiming them.
But when I see an effort made—not designedly,
probably, but having that effect—when I see an
effort made to pervert party machinery in such a
manner as to make it conducive to the prostra-
tion of the best interests of the country, or the
violation of a settled policy and existing law, I
cannot folio w the lead. Attempted leading of a
like injudicious character has developed anew dif-
ferences here among Democrats, which otherwise
might soon have been healed by time; or, if the
lead has been followed by a majority, has placed
us in a false position before the country.
Let me say in the outset, that I am not the ad-
vocate of the contractor for public printing. 1 do
not know him, and even if I did, should have no
disposition to appear h ere as his defender. Ind eed
I admit prejudice against him; but prejudice shall
not govern my action, unless proof is adduced to
sustain it. He may or may not be able to fulfill
his contract. Thecommittee say heis not. Mem-
bers upon this floor say he is not. But I have no
proof of it, other than the delay in the delivery of
one class of printing—a delay which we know
occurs during every Congress almost to as great
an extent as it has done during this. But I will
admit that the public printer has violated his con-
tract, and still I cannot vote to sustain the action
of the committee. I may as well state here, that
my objection to sustaining the action of the com-
mittee, grows out of no dislike, personal or polit-
ical, to Donelson & Armstrong. I hare none of
the political objections to those gentlemen which
were avowed by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Venablk,] not long since; and J wish
to say to that gentleman, in this connection, that
not only do I sustain the policy of the Union, and
esteem most of its political principles highly con-
servative, but that any attempt—although I do not
suppose that he will make €uiy—to ingraft prin-
ciples of an opposite character upon the Tjcm-
ocratic creed, cannot succeed, and must result in
the overwhelming defeat, of himself and those who
act with him.
Mr. VENABLE. Did I understand my
friend 
Mr. FITCH. Simply as saying I did not be-
lieve you would attempt to ingraft the grounds of ;
your objections to Donelson & Armstrong upon '
the Democratic- creed. !
Mr. VENABLE. It is but justice to myself, I
and to the parties concerned, to say that I have no j
personal objection to Messrs. Donelson & Arm- ,
strong; my remarks concerning them were purely i
political. I am no creed-maker for one party or :
the other. I am rather a free-lighter than other- j
wise. I never make creeds for the Democratic j
party, for the Whig party, or for the Federal party; j
but I know what Democratic doctrines arc, what |
Whig doctrines are, and what Federal doctrines ;
are. I will say to the guntleman from Indiana,
that I have never endeavored to enlarge, or dimm - '
ish, or alter the Democratic creed, or to ingraft ;
any new principles upon it. According' to the !
strictest sect of our religion, I have been consid-
ered a Democrat for the last thirty or forty ye.irs. !
I have never taken from the Democratic creed or 1
added to it. '
Mr. FITCH. I did not understand the gentle- >
man from North Carolina as objecting, person-
ally, to the editors of the [Jnion, but only to i
the principles avowed in their paper—principles j
which he could not sanction by voting them any >
portion of the public patronage. I have said that
I have not only no personal objection to those ;
gentlemen, but that 1 have no objection to the j
principles which they avow. On the contrary, j
sir, if the contract system was annulled, and the I
House was called upon to elect printers, 1 might  
prefer them to almost any other men, and castiny
vote accordingly. But there is the difficulty; the
contract system is in force, and tiie committee had
no right to assume legislative power, and practi-
cally repeal it, without the consent of the House.
' Sir, the contract system was adopted in order to
avoid the objections which were brought on all
hands against the old system of election. Itis well
known that system was a corrupt one, s\nd that
there never was an election of printer to Congress
which was not mingled, more or less, with in-
trigue, coalition, and corruption; and there never
was a printer elected by Congress who did not
subsequently ask for some modification of the
terms of the contract under which he was "required
to do the printing. We know that political print-
ers were paid by their party when m a majority,
some $40,000 over and above the price at which
they undertook to do the printing of Congress.
And where a bonus in that shape was not given,
it was customary for the elected printers to charge
extras, not strictly permitted by the terms of elec-
tion, but which were allowed by the committees
and by Congress, in order—not to compensate
them for their losses, for they pretended to no
losses—but to make up the profits to which they
thought they were entitled.
Well, sir, that system was repealed—repealed,
as the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Cl.inc.man] well said, by a Democratic Congress.
A gentleman then representing, in part, my State
was chairman of the Committee on Printing. He
urged the adoption of the contract system as the
right one. It was so esteemed by the people, and
no statement made here, before the system has
had a fair trial, can convince them to the contrary.
If it has not been found to work well, the fault is
in the manner in which the system has been man-
aged, and not in the system itself. Why should
there be any more objection to the contract system
for the public printing than for supplies to the
Army, or for the transportation of the mails? You
do not elect the gentlemen who perform such ser-
vice. They take contracts according to bids, and
are expected to fulfill those contracts. If the sys-
tem is mismanaged, the mismanagement is mostly
our own fault.
My objections to the action of the committee
will be stated briefly, for I wish to occupy as little
of the time of" the House as possible. Their action
was improper, inasmuch as they have assumed,
and so reported to the House, that the contract is
violated, without adducing any satisfactory proof
of the correctness of their assumption, and with-
out giving the contractor notice of their final in-
tention with regard to thecontract. The contractor,
as I understand it, denies not that he received no
notice that action of some kind would be had upon
the part of this committee, but that he was specifi-
cally notified of their intention to annul in part the
contract with him, and give the work to some-
body else. And I do not understand the commit-
tee to assert that they did give him such notice.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Will thegen-
tleman allow me for a moment to submit a ques-
tion to my colleague upon the committee ? [Mr.
Gorman.] 1 desire to know of him whether he
did noi go, personally, to this contractor and tell
lum what we designed to do—if he did not, show
how much lie was in default, and propose to give
Mr. Hamilton a written notice to that effect?
Mr. GORMAN. I went to Mr. Hamilton in
the Hall, and said to him, " We are going to take
some action upon this matter of' public printing,
wherein we suppose you have failed, and want to
see you. Do you want, a written notice ?" "By
no means," says he, " [ will be sure to be there.5'
And, in obedience to that notice, he did go before
the committee, where I saw him—where the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] saw him,
and where the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Havln] saw hira. And the course of the contractor
in relation to this matter, has only added insult to
injury.
Mr. FITCH. That is precisely the case I put.
I said there was no doubt that the contractor had
received notice of some action upon the part of
the committcc, but that he had received no specific
notice of the kind of action which that committee
was to take. He had not been notified that they
intended to declare this contract null and void, and
of their further intention to give the printing to
somebody else.
Mr. GORMAN. My friend has fallen into an
error in this. W e have not abrogated the contract.
Mr. FITCH. I will come to that presently.
Mr. GORMAN. We have not only not abro-
gated this contract, but,on the contrary, we have
expressly pursued that contract, insisting that he
should execute his coBtract, and requiring that he
should pay all damages.
Mi-. FITCH. I will come to that presently. I
am aware that the committee have not formally
abrogated the contract. But, first, I will proceed
with stating my objections to their action. Their
action was further improper in bestowing the
work upon fftrtisan editors—the favorites of mem-
bers of the committee—and highly improper in
bestowing a portion of it—half or more—upon an
editor, or publisher, whose opinions, and those
expressed in his paper, differ with those of three
fifths of the members of both Houses of Congress.
If the work is to be given to partisan editors, why
not give it to those whose opinions coincide with
those of a majority here ? It is wrong to bestow
it, unless as a contractor by a bid, where all can
compete,'upon any partisan, but especially upon
one whose paper has teemed with abuse of a ma-
jority of those who are to bestow the patronage,
and whose office has poured forth slanders by the
wholesale upon the party of that majority. I al-
lude to Gideon & Co. It is true, that it was said
yesterday, that the Gideon & Co. who were in-
cluded in this new printing distribution, were not
the Gideon & Co. of the Republic. But I appre-
hend such subterfuge 
Mr. GORMAN. That was in relation to the
bid, not m relation to our present arrangement.
Mr. FITCH. I object further to the action of
this committee, because they have left in the hands
of the public printer a very large branch of the
public printing, of which they declare he has de-
layed or neglected the execution, and has not laid
upon our tables within a reasonable time. The
second section of the law under which the com-
mittee acts, very clearly implies that it is their
duty to see to that portion of the public printing
which is neglected or delayed. But we have the
admission of the honorable gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven,] that every class of the print-
ing is well done, and delivered according to the
contract, except class No. 4—that of Executive
documents; while we have the testimony of the
chairman of that committee, [Mr. Gorman,] that
this very class, or a large portion of it, is left in
the hands of the printer; while matter of the other
classes, which they admit he executes properly and
promptly, is retained, and has not been put in the
hands of the printer at all. The committee have
withheld, in part, the work from him, but not of
the only class which it appears they charge him
with neglecting or delaying, and now endeavor to
prejudice us against him, by attributing to him
" neglect or delay"of the whole work, including
that which they have never given, and for the
delay of which they are responsible. Their duty
under the law very clearly was to have taken that
which the contractor had delayed or neglected to
execute, and bestowed it upon some one else,
charging the contractor the difference between
what they paid for it and the contract price. But
instead of doing this, they have left this portion
of it in his hands, still further to be delayed, while
they have withheld from him work he might have
done, and which they admit he previously had
done, and properly. "What better grounds could
he have for coming here hereafter, with a claim
for indemnity? All he will have to do to establish
a claim, will be to prove that the committee have
withheld from him the work which he was ready
to execute—proof which it will not be difficult to
obtain, when the admission of the committee fur-
nish him with most of it.
Mr. GORMAN. If the gentleman will permit
me to interrupt him, I will say that we should
have taken this work from him long ago, but for
the fact that we could not agree who togive it to.
We could not agree upon any one to make a con-
tract with.
In reference to this withholding work from the
public printer, I will say that we do not put this
work into the hands of the printer. That is the
business of the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives and of the Secretary of the Senate. If they
have gone to him it is their fault. But we could
not take this document, which he has delayed or
neglected to print, out of his hands, until we could
agree upon some one to give the printing to.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, it would certainly
have been as well for the committee to have taken
those documents out of the contractor's hands, and
retained them till they could have found some one
to do the work, as to leave them to be delayed in
his hands, and better than to have withheld those
which they have never presented to him, and which,
