THE CGNCiMBSSlONAL OLOK®.
Dec. SI.
breathes a spirit of pure devotion to the great
britxsiples of this nation, and pure devotion to the
great American character, and an acknowledg-
ment of gratitude in the receipt of American ho*
lice-. That is the inference which I draw from all
he lias Said; arid I proposed the resolution in the
first places an(i I support it How, because I regard
it as involving donsiderations only personal A)
Kossuth, although I protest that the resolution
"Was net offered with a view of settling the prin-
ciple of intervention or non-intervention. Yet
.it does incorporate the sentiment of the American
heart, that it sympathizes always and everywhere
With the sentiment of liberty; and that it sympa-
thizes always with every person who may be in-
volved in the misfortunes of oppression. Now,
"that is the real soul of. the resolution; and I hope
the friunds of it, whatever may be their feelings
111 relation to intervention or non-intervention,
will suffer this simple tribute, thus unincumbered,
to go forth from this Hall without attempting to
ingraft upon it the principle of non-intervention.
1 shall vote against the amendment."
[Here the hammer fell.] •
- The question now being on the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris] to
the amendment of his colleague [Mr. Church-
well,] tellers were demanded and ordered, and
Messrs. Clingman and-hall were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 82, noes 53.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question then was on the adoption of the
amendment as amended.
Mr. STEPHENS,of Georgia, called for tellers;
which were ordered, and Messrs. Penn and Hun-
ter appointed.
The question being then taken, there were—ayes
71, noes 77.
So the amendment as amended was not agreed
to.
Mr. COBB moved to amend the original reso-
lution by inserting after the word " Kossuth," the
Words " and his associates in exile."
Mr. C. said: I desire it to be distinctly under-
stood that I intend to \ote for the original resolu-
tion; but at the same time my sympathies are not
confined to the distinguished chieftain. Whilst
we remember the epaulettes, let us not forget the
knapsack. Whilst I admire Louis Kossuth as
much as any man upon this door, my sympathies
do not stop there. I admire also those of his gal-
lant associates who are now in this city with him;
and I contend that it would be a personal indig-
nity to those brave men to confine our invitation
to the distinguished individual whose name now
stands alone in the resolution. If you will revert
to the language of the resolution adopted by the
last Congress, you will see that Kossuth and his
awocintcs in. exile were invited to come to our
shores. They are here to-day; and shall we make
a distinction between them ? I oiler tins resolution
in good faith. I hope it will be adopted. I trust
that when Kossuth is admitted to this Hall, his
companions in exile will be admitted likewise.
Whatever inference might be drawn from my
votes upon this resolution since its introduction, I
hat'e stated in private conversation long since, that
although I was willing that Kossuth should be-
admitted to a seat upon this floor, I yet repudiated
his doctrine. I repudiate it to-day. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mgr. Gentry] asked " Who
is afraid of Kossuth's speeches?" I answer, Not
I. I am not afraid of Kossuth's eloquence or
power. He may go into my own district and
promulgate his doctrine there. If my people
choose to indorse it, let them do it; but, for one, I
will not.
I have voted throughout for the resolution to in-
troduce Kossuth into this Hall. I want his doc- ,
trine to be promulgated here in the very midst of j
the Representatives of the American people. Let
tnem hear it from his own hps. I understood it
when he landed at New York; but when I told
Kossuth'3 friends that he entertained such opin-
ions, they denied it. I was in hopes that Kossuth
would be allowed to speak here, and that our
Speaker, in receiving him, would have so addressed
him as to have required him to be explicit in his
answer. Thus his doctrine would have been dis-
seminated through the land without the possibility
of its being misrepresented.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NABERS. I had not the most distant idea
in the beginning of this discussion that I should
trespass for a single moment upon the attention of
the committee. I had intended to content myself
with my vote, to explain to my constituents and
the country m,y views in relation to this matter.
I will say, however, by the courtesy of the com-
mittee, that every single syllable that I have heard
urged against the adoption of the original-resolu-
tion has only tended to confirm me in the belief
that it is right and just and proper that we should
adopt it in the form in which it was first presented
to us. What, has been said in opposition to it?
Every word which has been said in opposition to
it has been based upon an assumption which does
not apply to the resolution. Has anybody here
proposed intervention? No, sir; and it would be
just as proper to charge those who oppose this
resolution with being the apologists of the Empe-
ror of Russia—aye, sir, with being the apologists
of the bloody butcher Haynau, as it is to charge
the friends of this resolution with desiring to plunge
the country into a war of intervention.
Again, let me ask who will be offended at the
adoption'of this resolution ? Will it offend any-
body whose good opinion we now have? No, sir.
It may offend the iion-hearted despots of Europe;
but do they love us now ? Did they ever love us ?
They would have strangled us in our infancy if
they could. They would do it now if it was in i
their power.
Now, I desire to make a kind of home applica-
tion of this matter. I have the honor to represent
that gallant and magnanimous constituency, the
first Congressional district of the glorious State of
Mississippi, and I undertake to say that there is
not a man or a woman ill that district who would
not welcome Kossuth to their roofs and theii fire-
sides. And what would they say to him? Would
they say to hixn, t( Mr. Kossuth, we are sorry that
Haynau did not butcher you and your wife"?
Would they tell him that it would have been well
for the world if Haynau had butchered him and
his wife and children? Would they talk in that
way? No, sir; not in my country. [Laughter.]
They would tell him that they regretted the fatal
calamity that overtook the Hungarian cause. But
would they put on their knapsacks the next morn-
ing and go to Hungary to fight for her? I think
not. And yetgentlemen tell us that if, after adopt-
ing a resolution of welcome to Kossuth, we now
raise a committee to carry out that resolution, the
construction will be put on it that weare prepared
to take up our arms and go to war for the Hunga-
rian cause. I repeat again that every syllable I
have heard urged against this resolution is based
upon a false assumption. In other words, you
build up a man of straw and then knock him
down. [Here the hammer fell.] j
[Cries of " Go on !" " Go on !"] '
The question was then taken on Mr. Cobb's !
amendment, and it was not agreed to. j
Mr. DEAN moved to amend the resolution by j
striking out the words " the Speaker," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof "this House," so as to make
it read,
Resolved, That a committee of five lie appointed by this
Houip to wait upon Louis Kossuth and mtioduce llim to
the House of Hcpiest'iitanves.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. The point I make is, that this being
the Committee of the WholS on the state of the
Union, we have no right to change the power
which appoints the committees of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. This committee can do
nothing final. Whatever is done here must go to
the House, and one of the standing rules of the
House is, that all committees shall be appointed
by the Speaker, unless otherwise ordered by the
House. The Chair therefore thinks the amend-
ment in order.
Mr. DEAN. I am entirely satisfied with and
shall vote for the original resolution, and should
not have offered this amendment were it not per-
fectly evident, from what we have seen in this city
and the action of this House, that there is an or-
ganized opposition, who are determined not only
to defeat this resolution, but, if possible, to offer
insult and indignity to the illustrious guest of the
nation. Any man who witnessed the arrival of
Louis Kossuth yesterday, and saw him received
in the capital of the country by a crowd of boys
and three shabby carriages, with a single pair of
crow-be-spoken horses harnessed to each of them—
(much laughter)—I say, that any one who wit-
nessed that disgraceful scene, that miserable%pol-
ogy for a public reception, and who.has seen the
conduct of a portion of this House, must be per-
fectly satisfied that there is reason for proposing
this amendment
We have witnessed here a deliberate attempt,
which has been for two days systematically per*-
sisted in by a factious minority, to defeat ,the will
of a majority of this House; and I for one, want
that the whole action of this body should go forth
before the people of this country, that they may
understand who it is that thus endeavors to thwart
their will, and from What quarter this movement
proceeds. There is another thing which makes it
proper that this amendment should be offered—■
and that is the hypocritical conduct of the present
National Administration toward Louis Kossuth.
The President, after having, by direction of Con-
gress, sent a national ship to bring him to our
shores; after naming him in his annual message,
and directing the attention of Congress to his ex-
pected arrival—calling him in that message, Gov-
ernor Kossuth; after having sent a special mes-
senger to New York, with the resolution so unan-
imously passed by this Congress, welcoming him
as the nation's guest, and thus impliedly inviting
him here, we now find that the organ and the
friends of the Administration are secretly stabbing
him to the heart, and attempting, by every means
iljtheir power, to give him a cool reception—and
they have thus far succeeded" But the people of
this country, when they come to understand it,
will indignantly frown upon this conduct, and will
by their action reverse the decision which has led
to this reception. For these reasons, sir, I want
a committee appointed by the friends of Kossuth,
or the majority of this House—not a committee
who will go to him and say, " We come to per-
form an unwilling duty "—but a committee who,
with warm hearts, will rejoice to welcome and in-
troduce the representative of free principles in
Europe to the representatives of the only free
Government in the world. Let, then, the friends of
Hungary, the friends of universal freedom, the
opponents of Russian interference and of Hay-
nau, be appointed on this committee instead of
the fiiends or apologists of either.
I have said I should vote for the original reso-
lution. I shall do so, because I consider myself
so instructed by the almost unanimous voice of
the citizens of my State. The people of the Em-
pire City—the commercial emporium of the whole
Union—have, by their enthusiastic reception of
Governor Kossuth, and the people of the capital
of that State have, at a public meeting, instructed
me to vote for such a resolution. But I needed
no such instruction. I should do it cheerfully,
from the dictates of my own heart. No man
needs an apology for voting for such a proposi-
tion, sustained as it is by the voice of the whole
country; for I had rather trust the generous sym-
pathies—the spontaneous sentiment of a free peo-
ple—than the cool calculations of the shrewdest
politician.
[In the middle of this sentence, the Chairman's
hammer fell.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desired very much, on
yesterday, that I should have had an opportunity
to place my views and opinions with regard to this
whole Kossuth matter failly before the country.
I have only five minutes now, but I feel disposed
to express those opinions in an unbridled manner.
The pretence—the hollow pretence that that reso-
lution is merely designed for the purpose of doing
hpnor to Kossuth, has been stripped of its plausi-
bility, and the proposition now stands nakedly
before the gaze of-the American people. My col-
league and friend from Tennessee [Mr. Harris]
offered a proposition here in the language of
George Washington, that we are prepared to enter
into "friendly relations with all, entangling alli-
ances with none." That was a plain and simple
proposition, that could not have offended Louis
Kossuth or anybody else, but it was voted down
by this committee.
Sir, the assertion that Louis Kossuth was in-
vited here as the guest of the nation by the last
Congress, is not warranted by the records of the
country. We found him an exile from Hungary,
having voluntarily abandoned his high position as
Governor of Hungary, and wended his way to a
Turkish prison, and we offered him an asylum
here. He lands upon our shores, and declares
that he scorns your sympathy unless you follow
