1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
pose, was made by that committee, or any of its
members.
No combination or coalition for any purpose
was talked of by the members of the committee,
or any attempt made to form one for the purposes
charged. The only thing which occurred that had
any semblance of a coalition, originated with the
editor of the Southern Press, and which has been
alluded to by the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Polk.] In relation to this I should
have been silent, if he had not called the attention
of the House to it, and appealed to me to disclose
the circumstances.
When it was known that the contractor, Mr.
Hamilton, would not be able to complete the pub-
lic printing in the time limited by the contract,
and at a period when it would be useful for legis-
lative purposes, the committee had a meeting,
talked over the matter, and, without any hesita-
tion, came unanimously to the conclusion that the
public interest demanded some immediate steps to
be taken to remedy the default. It was deter-
mined, that the delay which had taken place m
the delivery of the work, the bad materials upon
which it was printed, and the known want of pe-
cuniary means of the contractu: to carry on the
work, were enough to justify the committee m the
exercise of the power conferred upon them by the
law of Congress on the subject. I voted to give
the work, which could not be done by the con-
tractor, to Donelson & Armstrong, and this I did
before I ever had a word of conversation with
them upon the subject. The House has been
already informed of the action of the committee in
endeavoring to unite upon some one to do the
work. While this struggle was progressing in the
committee, Mr. Elwood Fisher, one of the eilitois
of the Southern Press, and the leader of the State-
Rights party, came to me, as a member of the
committee, and proposed a combination between
him and the editors of the Union, requesting
that the printing should be divided between these
two presses. He informed me that such a com-
bination would produce a union between the
State-Rights party of the South and the national
Democratic party. I frankly informed him that
I thought it would be utterly impossible for him
to get any part of it; that under no circumstances
could he calculate upon more than two votes in
the committee; that there were but two men upon
it from Southern States, and he had nothing to
expect from the four other gentlemen who were
Northern men. I told him, that to secure the
speedy execution of the work, t would go 1'or his
press, and 1 would have voted for him, or any
other man in the Union, who would do the work
speedily and upon good terms, if the committee
could have united upon him. But that was im-
possible. r did not believe that any political idea
was involved in the result, and could not see how
any political effect was to bo produced by dimply
employing men as a temporary necessity to do the
portion of the public printing not executed by the
contractor. Air. Fisher, finding that his elibits
to secure a portion of the piinting by persuasion
was unavailable, tried what could be accomplished
by threats. He informed me that if we entered
into a combination between Donelson & Arm-
strong and other persons, and did not associate
him in the arrangement, that it would be a pro-
scription of the Southern Press, m.d he would
make war to the knife upon the Democratic paity.
He avowed that the whole State-Rights party
would go off in a body, and that he and they
would do all they could to defeat the Democratic
candidate for the Presidency.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, with the
indulgence of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stanton,] { will make a single observation. He
imputes to the Southern-Rights party a wish to
have the Southern Press included in the arrange-
ment with the Union and the Republic, and refers
to a supposed threat from thegentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Browk,] that the exclusion of the
Press would be avenged by that party. Now, I
suppose there is not on this floor a single member
Jess disinclined to see a war break out between the
Southern-Rights party and those disposed to make
war upon them, or who would go into'that war
with more promptitude than myself; and yet I
decLue that I do not know a single member of the
Southern-Rights party, including myself, who has
taken any step whatever to obtain for the Press a
participation in the public printing, or with whom
such a thing has been an object. There is not
one, as I believe, who would vote for the propo-
sition of the Committee on Printing, though the
Press were included with the Union and the Re-
public. We do not object to Donelson & Arm-
strong because they are Democrats, or to others
for being Whigs; our objection to them is that
they are party editors, and not printers.
Mr. STANTON. 1 certainly acquit my hon-
orable friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] and all other Southern-Rights men in this
House, from any participation whatever in an
effort to make that combination. Mr. Fisher had
tins conversation with me in the rotunda of the
Capitol.
Mr. WOODWARD. I can only say that Mr.
Fisher had the perfect right to do it.
Mr. STANTON. The first attack made upon
the subject was made by the Southern Press, and
my friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] reit-
erates to some extent what was said by the Press;
and his language might well be construed into the
same sort of a threat, that the Southern branch of
the Democratic party would go off and not unite
with us in the election of a President.
Mr. BRO WN. W ill the gentleman indulge me
for a moment?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. If f was understood in any
thing I said yesterday, or the day before, or at any
other time, as intimating directly or indirectly a
threat that the Southern-Rights, or State-Rights
party, or any portion of the Southern people,
would be governed in the presidential canvass by
the action of this House upon this question, then
i say I have been misunderstood. What I meant
to say was this: that if the Press, which reflected
the views of a portion of the Southern people, was
proscribed—and it was stated that it had been
jpioseribed—because it reflected the views of a
portion of the Southern people, 1 thought it exceed-
ingly probable that the votes of those people could
not be relied upon m the presidential election. I
did not mean to say what they would do. I had
no authority to speak for them. The remarks 1
made were by way of argument, or lather by way
of friendly suggestions, that it was better not to
proscribe the press which reflected the views of
anybody, and gave as a reason for doing so that
it reflected those views. If you calculated upon
the votes of the friends of that press, such policy
was decidedly bad.
Mr. STANTON.
man's explanation alteis the case at all.
Mr. FREEMAN. I would like to ask my col-
league [Mr. Buown] a question. From the re-
marks that were made yesterday, it may be pie-
sumed that my colleague [Mr. Buo^n] considers
the Southern Press of this city, the organ of some
portion of the Democratic party in the State of
Mississippi. 1 do not believe thnt it is ; and if it
be, will my colleague state who it is that the
Southern Press represents m the State of Missis-
sippi?
Mr. BROWN. It represents, like all other
papers, its patrons, and those who agree with the
opinions it expresses. I stated yesterday, expli-
citly—1 thought, sufficiently explicit to be under-
stood by everybody—iliac my action in the presi-
dential election would not be controlled by any-
thing you might do, m reference to the Southern
Press. But it has its patrons in the South, and
most of them belong to the Democratic party; and
f say again, that if you proscribe it, because it is
the organ of those for whom it speaks, they will,
perhaps, resent the injuries.
Mr. FREEMAN. Then, I understand my col-
league to say that the Southern Press is not the
organ of any organized party, or any party that
has heretofore been oiganized in the State of Mis-
sissippi?
Mr. BROWN. I do not know that it is. I do
not undertake to say whose organ it is. It was
established here, as must be recollected by those
who were members of the last Congress, upon the
recommendation of a large number of gentlemen,
some of them now the leaders of the Union party.
I recollect the distinguished gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Toombs,] was one of the sponsors when
that paper was started, or rather when it was ac-
couched and brought into existence. I do not know
whether it is his organ now or not. I recollect,
too, that certain distinguished gentlemen, in the
other branch of Congress, now active and leading
Union men, recommended it to the Southern peo-
ple. They have never withdrawn their recom-
mendation. Whether it is their organ now or
not, I do not know. But they established it; they
recommended it to the Southern people, and told
them that it was a capital good paper, and many of
them subscribed for it on their recommendation.
Messrs. Dawson, Mangum, and others of the Sen-
ate; and Messrs. Toombs, Stephens, and various
other gentlemen of this House, united in this
recommendation. If those are responsible who
brought it into existence, the Union men may re-
spond for the Southern Press.
Mr. FREEMAN. I doubt not but that there are
a great many persons who subscribe to that paper;
but my own opinion is, that the number of persons
in the State of Mississippi who agree with the sen-
timents of that paper are exceedingly few. I think
a strong impression will be created from my col-
league's lemarks, that that paper is his organ.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I never said
any such thin"-.
Mr. FREEMAN. I would not have such an
opinion prevail, whatever may be the difference
between my colleague and myself in regard to the
doctrine of secession. I do not desire the opinion
to go out hpre, from any remark he might make,
that the balance of the delegation agree with the
sentiments uttered in that paper in relation to the
doctrine of secession and dissolution, or that they
are the opinions of any respectable portion of the
community of Mississippi. I would ask my col_
league if the Southern Press is his organ?
Mr. BROWN. One solitary word upon the
subject of organs. My colleague asks me 
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. BROWN. 1 hope I am not again to be
ruled down on a point of order.
/V Voice. Let Mr. Brown reply to his col-
league.
Mr. BROWN. I have only to say in reply 
Mr. DEAN . I rise to a point of order, is the
debate between the two gentlemen from Missis-
sippi in order ?
Mr. BROWN. I will say that the Southern
Press is not my organ. I am my own organ.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
in the chair.) It has been the practice of the
House during this session for the gentleman in
occupancy of the floor to yield it to another gen-
tleman; and upon one occasion the present occu-
pant of the Chair took an appeal from a decision
to that effect, and the House sustained the decis-
ion.
Mr. DEAN. My point is, that the discussion
is irrelevant.
Mr. POLK. I call the gentleman from New
York to order. I do not see any point in his point
of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON, (resuming.) I alluded to this
subject for the reasons I have stated, and because
the Southern Press was the first to attack the com-
mittee, denouncing its action as a flagitious out-
rage. 1 repeat, that I know of no other attempt
at coalition than this made by Mr. Fisher, and the
effect of his disappointment has been seen in the
columns of his paper.
Allusion has been made, by my honorable friend
fiom Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] to the fact, that
there was a Senator from Connecticut upon that
committee, who happened to be a Whig and a
Free-Soiler; and he places mebesidehim as form-
ing a sort of unholy coalition for corrupt pur-
puses.
Mr. BROWN. No; not for corrupt purposes.
Mr. STANTON. Political purposes, then. I
do not think it necessary to say more than I have
already to exculpate myself fiom the imputation
of political motives in voting as I did in the com-
mittee. It is due, however, to truth, and the hon-
orable Senator referred to, [Mr. Truman Smith,]
to say that he was not in favor of giving any por-
tion of the printing to the conductors of a political
press. He was warmly m favor of giving the
work to John T. Towers, a practical printer, and
former printer to Congress. He opposed the Re-
public to the last moment; and it was only after
every other expedient had failed, and, under the
stern necessity of the case, that he yielded and
gave his vote to the two firms which were selected
by the committee. I have no reason to believe
that he did not act fromasense of public duty,and
with the sole desire to do what he deemed best for
the public interest.
