178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 31,
«ay that you, sir, Mr, Chairman, whatever may
be your opinions now, would not refuse. I say,
that the majority of this House, whatever may be
their views at the present time, would not refuse,
because circumstances may arise which will ren-
der intervention necessary. It is not because they
have arisen, but because they may arise, that I am
unwilling to see this Government commit itself to
a declaration that we will not interfere, under any
circumstances, for the purpose of securing the lib-
erties of the down-trodden nations of Europe. I
say, when we can intervene, it is our duty to do
it, and we will do it.
Mr. VENABLE. Mr. Chairman, if I had been
doubtful before as to the propriety of caution on
our part in relation to the course to be pursued
towards M. Kossuth, all my difficulties would have
been removed by the events occurring in this
House and during this debate. Although it was
manifest that he was for intervention on our part
in the troubles of Europe, we had seen no indorse-
ment of that policy by the representatives of the
people in Congress. This is no longer the case.
We have heard more than one distinguished mem-
ber of this House announce that intervention in
favor of universal liberty was our destiny and
mission. We have more than once been remind-
ed that we had nothing to fear, and there has been
even some merriment at the apprehensions of those
who thought it prudent for our Government to
avoid the hazards of entering the whirlpool of
Europeanrevolutions. We have been admonished,
' that although the doctrines of General Washing-
ton's Farewell Address were suitable to the infan-
cy of our Republic, they were no longer appli-
cable to the grown-up power which now stood
forth amongst the first on the platform of nations;
that a new destiny and new duties had been re-
vealed; and that to be insensible to them was in-
excusable. Those whose ignorance or timidity
induced them to advise caution have, by one gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Dean,] been spoken
of as the apologists for the Butcher Haynau. I
can assure him that the days of Jlnacharsis Cloots—
the orator of the human race—are among the things
which have passed by never more to return; that
Red Republicanism is at a discount even in France;
and that it will neither exalt his reputation for
practical wisdom or as the possessor of the quali-
fication of the elements of profound statesman-
ship, to fix a policy upon our country which shall
present a future history like the roll in the pro-
phet's vision, written within and without with
J' mourning, lamentation, and woe." 1 fear no
just quarrel of qur own—I apprehend nothing
from the consequences of war m such a quarrel
beyond the calamities necessarily belonging to
that condition; but I shrink from that causeless
and unholy strife which drenches a country in
blood and strews the fields with the slain; which
is productive only in the nurture of a savage and
destructive spirit, the tears of widows, and the
sorrows of orphans. We have even seen the
platform of Kossuth recommended for our adop-
tion, and one and another lias openly avowed our
duty to declare to the world our purpose to aid
the oppressed in their struggles for liberty. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] speaks
of the present condition of Europe, where two
millions of bayonets hold down and oppress more
than one hundred millions of people. If the re-
moval of this evil be our duty, we have indeed a
great work before us, one concerning which I
think we ought to prudently pause and ponder the
consequences of the undertaking. He speaks of
the present condition of France, whose liberties
have but just been overthrown by Louis Napo-
leon, He speaks of the imprisonment of Thiers,
Cavaignac, and other deputies, and more than inti-
mates that the time is near for us to intervene in
such affairs. Sir, I think that the bursting of this
French bubble is full of instruction to us. Wa
ought to learn the folly of being premature in even
an express'on of approbation for the measures in
which national identity is destroyed. France has
fallen by the institutions which were chosen by
the people themselves. The army, which kent
their liberties, has taken them for their own
use, and a mushroom republic bids fair to find its '
maturity in a finished despotism. I admit that the
imprisonment of the representatives of the peo-
ple is a great outrage on the part of the Presi-
dent of France, and I do not wish to see it re
enacted hers. Should the doctrines of those gen-
tlemen who see our duty in a mission of des-
tiny prevail, We must keep on foot such an arftiy
as shall enable us to fulfill it; and we may live
to see the representatives of our people forcibly
ejected by our own troops, conveyed to dungeons
by our own Executive, and he perpetually seated
and kept secure in authority by the army, who were
to be the missionaries of univewal emancipation.
Sir, neither the dread of being identified with the
defenders of Haynau the Butcher, nor the shame
of being considered an antiquated politician, whose
views are fitted only for the infancy of a great
republic, can deter me from making resistance to
the doctrines advanced in this debate, or protest-
ing against the adoption of the troubles of every
foreigner, who, visiting our shores, can by his
eloquence and his tact excite the passions of the
masses who may listen to his orations. If to
study the interests of my country, and my whole
country—if to adhere to the policy under which
we have grown greatand powerful—if to remember
that we have inherited the office of the keepers of
the Temple of Liberty, and to be resolved that no
hand shall apply the torch to it whilst vigilance
and patriotism can prevent it, constitute an anti-
quated politician, I glory in the name. I shall
never blush at the remembrance that I was un-
willing to forget my country's dignity, under any
excitement, or compromise that dignity by a de-
parture from those rules of propriety amongst
nations, so essential to the comfort and prosperity
of individuals. With those who sufier for the
cause of liberty in Europe I feel, as I trust, a
proper sympathy, but I do not perceive the wisdom
of an intervention which can only compromise us
and do them no good.
[Here the hammer fell, the five minutes having
expired.]
Mr. V. intended to have continued his remarks,
by observing, that if we felt very much inclined to
look for a quarrel, the questions involved in the
policy of England in relation to the Mosquito king-
dom, the firing into the Prometheus, and the as-
sumed guardianship by the English Government
of the locum tenens negro king, to the injury of our
commerce and the insult of our flag, would afford
at least temporary employment for the zeal of those
who are inclined to seek for wrongs to redress.
I propose that we adjust our real quarrels before"
we engage in amateur disputes.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR moved the following amendment
to the amendment, viz;
Resolved, That the vote of welcome heretofore given by
this House and the Senate of the United States to .Louis
Kossuth had no political meaning, but was intended to car-
ry out the kind intention of the United States in their joint
resolution, approved Marcli 3,18ol, in relation to Kossuth
and his associates in captivity, to affoid them a secure
asylum in the United States.
Mr. TAYLOR. Now, Mr. Chairman, I have
listened here for several days to a debate which I
think would have been more profitable if we had
had it at the time when the resolution of welcome
was under consideration. I have sat here quietly
for many days, anxious to engage in the public
business, and do justice to our fellow-citizens all
over the United States, by taking up the great
questions of public policy which are pressed upon
our attention by the millions of people we repre-
sent. I have, sir, noticed with disgust the move-
ments of men who seek high places in your coun-
try, since the unfortunate exiles of Hungary landed
upon your shores; yea, sir, from the time he took
his departure from your frigate-of-war Mississippi,
t9 become a propagandist in England first, to ex- ,
cite a feeling m that country, and then in this, to :
induce us to depart from that wise policy—that I
straight-forward policy recommended to us by •'
Washington, and which we have carried out from '
the foundation of our Government. 1 have looked !
at the progress of this business from its inception. ]
No class of men have been more anxious to do I
honor to Louis Kossuth, and to show him the |
kindness which did honor him, than the politicians
of the country, and for the purpose of upholding !
their own fortunes. Look around this House, I
and see what a billing and cooing there is here of
persons from the most extreme sections.
Sir, if there is one man upon this floor, who will
pretend to sympathize with the Hungarian exiles
more than another, he does dishonor to himself
and a great injury to his fellow-members. We all
sympathize with the exiled Hungarians in their
great struggle for liberty, and the best evidence of it
is found in the fact, that when we learned that about
four thousand refugees had taken refuge in the
Turkish empire, this Government took the initia-
tive step to express the sympathy of this nation
for them. We, on the 3d of March, 1851,passed
the joint resolution to which I have referred. For
what purpose? Merely to liberate these Hunga-
rian exiles? No, sir; but to afford them an asylum
in the United States of America; a home, as emi-
grants to this country. They intimated their de-
sire to live under our glorious stars and stripes,
and to become citizens of the United States. Now,
what do we see ? Do you suppose that, if it had
been known on the 3d of March, 1851, thatLouis
Kossuth would come here to undertake to incor-
porate a new principle—n great principle in the
foreign policy of our Government—which we have
abstained from and kept aloof from until this time,
under the advice of the great Washington, the
Father of our country—do you suppose that if he
had announced that as his intention at that time,
that we should ever have passed that joint resolu-
tion? Never, never! We passed it to aid the
Ottoman Sultan in liberating, from extreme dan-
ger, the unfortunate exiles who had fled from their
own country for life, and to afford them, as I say,
a secure asylum in the United States. I thmk, sir,
in passing that vote of welcome a week or two
ago, we exhausted all our duty to him as members
of this House; and by that vote welcomed him to
the country, its protection, and to its hospitalities,
if he should choose to become a citizen of the
United States. I am opposed to the whole pro-
ceedings now before us—the original resolution of
my colleague from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] and all
the amendments. 1 say, this House is not called
upon to take any such step. Let us treat this gen-
tleman with the utmost kindness; but to do more,
to carry out the objects he now proposes, would
be a departure from the national policy which has
enabled us to become the admiration of the world.
I would cheerfully unite, as a citizen of the United
States, in promoting their settlement in this coun-
try, and rendering it a safe retreat and secure asy-
lum to Kossuth and his associates in captivity.
But, sir, let us adhere to the settled policy of the
country—let us avoid " entangling alliances" with
foreign nations, and show, by exact justice in our
intercourse with foreign nations, and wise legisla-
tion, for the benefit of our own country, that our
constitutional form of republican government ia
the wisest and best to promote the true interests
of the people, and our example will be powerful
for good in all the nations of the world.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I believe we should be do-
ing better justice to our own reputations as states-
men, if we were to proceed in the ordinary mode
of legislation upon the subject-matter before us,
and avoid all reference to matters not legitimately
under consideration. I believe, sir, it is due to
ourselves, as the representatives of the people of
this nation, that we do the business which is pre-
sented to us, and do it in the ordinary forms and
in the ordinary manner, without factious opposi-
tion, and without any extraneous matters being
brought in for investigation. I make these re-
marks because, from some experience in this
House, I am constrained to say, that, from this
factious opposition which we have sometimes seen
displayed in this body, we have never seen any
good result. It does not serve to raise our repu-
tation with the American people, nor does it in-
crease our own self-respect. I sincerely hope we
may proceed to vote upon this resolution; but
while I am up, I am constrained to notice the ex-
traordinary inconsistency of certain gentlemen
upon this floor. If I mistake not, my colleague
who has just taken his seat [Mr. Taylor] voted
for a certain resolution, «f a direct character, in-
terfering and proclaiming our sympathies with a
foreign and European nation in a cause of free-
dom. 1 ask the Clerk to read the resolution I
have sent him.
The Clerk then read the resolution referred to,
from the Congressional Globe, of 1847-'8, vol. 18th,
page 592, as follows :
"Resolved, That in the name and behalf of the American
people, the congratulations of Congress me herebv ten-
dered to the people of France, upon the success of their
recent efforts to consolidate the principles of liberty m a
republican form of Government.
'•ylnd be it further resolved, That the President of the
United States be and he is hereby requested to transmit
this resolution to the American Minister at Paris, with in-
structions to present it to the French Government."
