1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
not be exa^^erati'd beyond their real amount, the committee
believe, that it will be best to appropriate a definite sum, to
|)e applied, under !lie directum of the Secretary of War,
to indemnity the friendly Creek Indians for property de-
stroyed by the hostile Creeks, in fair proportion to tlieir
losses."
A law was passed, in pursuance of this recom-
mendation of Mr. Lowndes, and the sum recom-
mended, $85,000, was appropriated in gross. It
was supposed to be as much as the Indians could
reasonably expect; not upon the idea of paying
them every cent which they might have lost from
the injuries of the hostile Creeks during the war,
but merely to satisfy them,—to persuade them
that they had been dealt with generously, it
seems, however, that they were not satisfied, and
they presented their claim again. The matter was
again adjudicated by the Committee of Ways and
Means in 1824, at the head of which committee
at that lime was Mr. Louis McLane. That
up to another committee in 1824, and they refused
to disturb the settlement? It is now assumed, at
this great distance of time, that we should go back
and examine the circumstances attending this
treaty, and see whether the settlement or adjust-
ment was not an improper one, and reopen the
whole question, in order to see that justice may
be done.
Why, sir, if we act upon this principle, I take
it upon myself to say that there is not a treaty
which we have made with the Indians, which I
have examined, which could not be set aside upon
the same grounds. If we go upon the ground
that the Indians were the owners of these lands,
and that there was not enough paid to them for
that ownership, I can take all the treaties and show
upon their face that the Indians have not received
a full compensation for what they have ceded.
Why, I am told that theOsages have reded to the
port takes the ground that the question had been ■■ United States upwards of 140,000,000 acres of
settled by Mr. Lowndes, and that they would not j land, and have received only aoout $400,000 in
disturb that settlement. Here is a portion of that ;! exchange for it. If we should reopen this treaty
l port
report. The committee say:
" Tt i« the opinion of the committee that the sum of
$85,000, appropnated by the law of 1817, wa* intended to
be a lull indemnity tor all the losses of the friendly Indians,
and was equal to any reasonable expectation This ap-
pears to he manifest from the estimate by Colonel Hawkins,
that the rhiels would hive been satisfied at the date of the
treaty with the miiii of $60,01)0; and, in the loiter ot the
acting Secretaiy ot War to i). B. Mitchell, the Indian
agent, directing the application of the money, he is in-
formed that, a.- the law is jjeneial hi its tenns, and piedi
cated on Colon*--! Hawkins's* estimate, it will be propei to
pay the claimant* mentioned in the estimate only a portion
of their claim nt present, as it is probable that there may
be other claimants entitled t< '
are not
Hawkins.
not take place uriul tlie whole amount of the claims is as-
certained."
This shows that it was the opinion of the Secre-
tary of War that this was the allowance of a sum
in gross to be distributed among the Indians rate-
ably, so as to satisfy them of our mode of dealing
with them. It was obviously the opinion of the
Secretary of War that afier ascertaining the whole
amount of the claims, this sum of $85,000 was to
be distributed among the claimants rateably. The
committee, therefore, m 1824, decided that they
would not disturb the settlement made in 1817.
I know, sir, that it has been urged by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, seizing upon a single
clause in the report of 1824, that this committee
1 . I 1 _ J _ 1_  t. . _    _ TV /I   IV/f a T n w. A it l
in order to readjust this agreement, 1 do not see
how we could refuse to go back and examine the ;
Osase treaty, and see if they had any legiiimate
I claim upon us; for if these Creeks have any legiti-
! mate claim at all, it is in relation to their lands—
! the 8,000,000 acres taken from them. If we were
to readjust this, and pay the §110,000 demanded,
| in addition to the §85,000 previously paid for their
| losses, you would make this act the foundation of
! another claim. They would come before us in a
I short lime and ask us to give them something in
return for the 8,000,000 acres of land which were
r claimants entitled to tlic imm'fits oi thelaw, who h ceclec] t0 the Government under the treaty of 1814.
mentioned in tiio Jut ot claims furnished by Colonel i ' . , ... . c ,T rp „ , .
is; thereforea final distribution ot the monev should 1 But, sir, what will become of the ireasuiy.
What will become of the time of Congress, if we
thus go back and reopen these ancient transactions,
and undertake now, upon such impeifect evidence
as we may collect, to readjust these matters5 1
say, if we act upon this principle, we may make
up our minds that we shall have business enough,
in relation to these Indian claims, to employ nearly
all the lime which Congress has to bestow upon
the business of the country; for 1 know of no
treaty, if the question of inadequacy of considera-
tion is to be made a ground fordisturbing it, which
may not be reopened and disturbed.
1 go a little further. 1 say that if the Senate
determine to reopen and readjust this account, and
      -    . ; to go back into these ancient transactions, I am
at the head ot which was Mr. McLane—and ] not satisfied that these Indians would be entitled
which was one of the ablest committees, ifyou will
refer to the members composing it, ever organized
in the House of Representatives—did not under-
stand this subject; and that they were mistaken
as to the facts, basing the assertion upon a loose
expression in the report. But whoever will read
it will see it was consistent and clear in its object,
i it was concise in its statements. The idea that
to receive more than they have received. They
certainly were not entitled to payment from us for
losses inflicted upon them by members of then-
own tribe—by the hostile Creeks, and were to be
paid nothing but a mere gratuity to satisfy them.
Nor were we bound to remunerate them for the
8,000,000 acres of land taken from them; for,
as General Jackson well said, those lands were
Mr. McLane did not understand the statement of jl taken, not only for our benefit, but for theirs; be
the agent, General Mitchell, which is relied upon I; cause it was greatly to their interest that peace
in order to disparage and set aside this report
refuted by the fact that, appended to the report is
the letter of General Mitchell, which was pre-
sented along with it, and submitted by Mr. Mc-
Lane and the committee themselves. It is obvi-
ous therefore that tliey had all these papers before
them, and that they understood thesubject. Their
decision was, that they would not disturb this
settlement—that it was asettlement made by Con-
gress—-not to pay the whole amount of the losses,
bat to pay a certain sum of money in gross, to be
distributed among the claimants rateably.
It is nowhere to be found that Mr. Calhoun,
then Secretary of War, ever recommended the
payment of the claim. lieing called upon, he sub-
mitted these papers, and waid they were all the
information which he had upon the subject. Gen-
eral Jackson, when he submitted the treaty, did
not recommend thepaymentto the friendly Creeks
of anything. He was, subsequently, for eight
years President of the United States, and had the
Eower and the means, and would undoubtedly
ave recommended something to be paid, if he
had believed that anything was due; but he failed
to do so because, doubtless, he did not think it
proper to disturb the settlement which had been
made.
Now, I ask the Senate whether they think it
ris;ht to go back and disturb the settlement and
adjustment of this claim madein 1817—something
like thirty-five years ago—especially when they
come to remember that it was subsequently brought
should be preserved; and as long as the Creek
nation had free access to Florida, it would be im-
possible, or at least very difficult, to preserve
peace.
I do not, for one, admit that the Indians have
anv other than a possessory right in these lands.
I do not believe that it is a proper principle in
treating with them to consider them as the owners
of the lands, and go upon the idea of compensating
them for the lands. We baveneverdoneso. We
have never paid them a sum which would beany-
thinglike a compensation for the lands themselves,
if they wereconsidered as belonging to the Indians.
No.sir. Our obligation isthis: that where it is ne-
cessary to remove these Indians, we do it in such
a manner as shall be compatible with their future
happiness and future improvement; and we make
them such allowances as will put them in no worse
a situation than arises from the very necessity of
the case—and the necessity of the case under
which they suffer, is being thrown into competi-
tion with the white man, a competition before
which they must ultimately perish.
I believe that the course of the Government, so
far from having been inhuman and unkind to
these people, as has been said, for the last thirty
or forty vears at least, has been eminently hu-
mane, and has palliated, so far as they were con-
cerned, a necessary evil. It has postponed their
fate; it has delayed their destiny. The United
States have done all that they could do in order to
afford these people every facility for improvement
and civilization. I believe, therefore, ihnt we were
not bound, in equity or law, to treat with these
Indians upon the principle that they weretheown-
ers of these 8,000,000 acres of land, and that
we should pay them for them. We left ihem, as
General Jackson said,enorgh for both portions of
thelribe. We gave them, according to this treaty,
one year's subsistence. VV e gave, as we prom-
ised, to the chiefs of the friendly Indians, the pos-
session of what they held, during their lives, and
as long as their posterity would keep them. And
finally we removed them west of the Mississippi,
where this tribe, numbering now about twenty
thousand people, have 9,000,000 acres of land—
very fine lands—more, I am told by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, than they can possibly
use.
Now, I ask, upon a survey of the whole of our
transactions with these Indians—of all the circum-
stances connected with this matter, if we have not
done as much for them as they could reasonably
expect. I doubt whether we should have benefited
them if we had given them a larger allowance
in money. 1 believe that if we look into this
matter we shall find that we have injured them by
mistaken efforts of philanthropy; and that, often,
when we have made these pecuniary allowances
out of mistaken feelings of generosity, it was af-
fording them the means of self-desti action, and
the degradation of their tribe. In saying so, I do
not speak without the book. Why, in the very
last report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
we have a report from the Kanzas agent,Thomas
Mosely, in which he says:
" I believe, and feel well ai^ured, that large annuities of
money afford a certain data bv winch the final extinction
of the red men can,, with arithmetical pieci^on, he made.
In tins little tribe, mow numbeung le<& than s ix hundred, in
the space ot ten weeks there has been one rau.der, and
sevetal badly stabbed and injured, and some ten or uvelve
have died liom the effects of drunkenness,, and, in the
mean tiling about thirteen have died of cholera. The most
of these were intemperate."
In another portion of his report he says:
"1 am clearly of the opinion, that to pav the annuities
once a year is the better policy and it it could be legally
made only once in tivo years, 11 would then throw the dis-
solute and drinkers upon their own iessoinees, and per-
chance they might see the necestaly ot'betaking themselves
so some useful employment. 1 view annuities, m money
paid to Indians, as a great misfortune, if not a curse* to a
majority, as they aie seldom benefited by it to the extent
of its amount. If some plan could ho adopted by which the
annuities, could be expended upon impiovemeni?, t wn*, or
houses for the Indians, it would result to them aud their
families moie beneficial and valuable.
" I find the Shawnee people more industrious in the eert-
eial, and better latiner , than the neighboring tribes, Why
is this difference? It must be because they draw but a very
small annuity, not sutiicient even to attract traders, and
tin y are thrown upon their own re&ouicus, ami it is with
them work or do worse."
I am therefore of opinion, that this claim has
been adjusted as long ago as 1817, and that it
would be impolitic now to attempt to disturb that
settlement; and I must say, that if I were called
upon to readjust it, in looking to the transactions as
they have come down to us through that distance
of time, 1 believe that the Government has done as
i much for these Indians as it was wise to do upon
! any view of the case. Nur do I believe that it
would have been better for the Indians themselves
if the Government, at that day, had given them,
instead of $85,000, $185,000 in money. It was
for these reasons that 1 for one voted m the Com-
mittee on Finance to strike out this item, and to
recommend to the Senate to strike it out.
Mr. CHARLTON. JVIr. Presidents, [ do not
propose to make a speech m reference to this claim,
but only to offer a lew remaiks in regard to it, as
it has fallen m my way to be conversant with its
nature. I differ now, as I would always differ
from the honorable Senator from Virginia, with
great diffidence, because I know the ability, the
learning, and the research which he brings to the
investigation of every question to which he tarns
his attention. But, sir, the human mind is Itnble
to fall into error,and I think my friend from Vir-
ginia has made that lapse in the present instance.
The question before the Senate is, llave we
made any promises to these Indians? and if we
have made promises, have we pci formed them?
The abstract question, whether we ought to pay
them annuitiesat agreateror less distance of time,
is a very different question. The questions now
under consideration are, as I state them: Have
we ever made any promises to these Indians? and
have we fulfilled those promises? Senators must
remember the condition of affairs at the time when
