1852..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
Now, Mr. Speaker, I propose lo state briefly
the reasons which maue it necessary to give a por-
tion of the public printing to other persons. I
think they are such, when calmly considered, as j;
will fully justify the committee in the course they j
have thought proper to pursue. The contractor, !
on the third day of March, 185], executed his con- jj
tract to do the public printing for the Thirty-sec- h
ond Congress. Its terms are such as to require |J
him to execute the work, in all respects, in a bet- |j
ter manner than the printing heretofore has been j i
done. I have the contract now before me, signed j:
by himself and his securities. It stipulates that I j
the work shall be done according to a sample at- jj
tached to the instrument, and made part of it. A |!
further requirement is, that the paper shall weigh '
Ififty pounds to the ream, and be of a quality equal j
to a sample which is also attached, and made part
of the contract. Now, sir, these provisions of the :
contract are such, that, if he had fully complied ,|
with them, would have secured to Congress better ^
work and better materials than any ever before '
furnished by the predecessors of Mr. Hamilton, j1
It is not the fault of the committee that these pro- .j
visions were in the contract. The law prescribed ||
the duty of the committee, and our course was j
plain, and we had no alternative but to enforce the j
contract as we found it. We had no power to ;
vary its terms. The paper heretofore used had :
never been equal to what was required by Mr.
Hamilton's contract, perhaps never to exceed forty
pounds to the ream. The paper agreed to be fur-
nished by Mr. Hamilton weighed fifty pounds to
the ream, and upon this quality of paper the whole
work was to be executed. j
The Committee on Printing met at an early day i
of the session, organized itself, and entered upon
the discharge of its duties. It was not long, how-
ever, befoie it was apparent to every member that
the contractor was a mere man of straw, who had
undertaken this work—not with the expectation of
carrying it on in good faith—and I quote his own .
statement when I say so, because he gave the com- ■
mittee, during an interview we had with him, dis- 1
tmctly to understand that he did not expect fully
to comply with the terms of the contract—butrehed
upon the indulgence of the committee to allow i
him to do the work upon an inferior quality of
paper. This would have been a fraud upon Con-
gress which the committee could not tolerate; and
he was promptly informed of it. I came then to
the House, and'in the course of a debate which
was progressing at the time, announced the fact
that the public printer was greatly m default with
the public printing, and that he did not expect to
execute it in good faith. The next morning he
laid upon your table a statement flatly contradict-
ing what I had said, and containing as reckless a :
string of misstatements as that laid upon your
table yesterday. i deemed it necessary, not know-
ing much of the man, and never having seen him
before the interview in the committee-room, to
vindicate my own veracity. I was fortified by
the statements of the members of the House who
belonged to that committee, in support of the truth
of my assertions. The members from the Senate on j
the same committee, who heard Mr. Hamilton's ,
remarks, concurred with the members ot the
House. They all gave a flat contradiction to his
printed statement.
Mr. MEADE. Will the gentleman allow me i
to ask him, whether f understood him just now—
and T ask purely for information—to state, in the
words of the contractor, that he told the committee
that he did not undertake this business with a view
of carrying it out, but to be able to perpetrate a
fraud upon Congress.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir, you aie mistaken.
This is what 1 meant to say.
Mr. MEADE. W hat were his words ?
Mr. STANTON. In conversation with the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman-,] he gave
us distinctly to undeistand, as has been stated by
other members of the committee, that he did not
expect to come up to the requirements oi the coil-
tract, but relied upon the indulgence of the com-
mittee to tolerate an inferior quality of paper. It
would be a fraud upon Congiess, foi it was an
express \ lolation of his contract. His contract
required him to furnish paper of a particular
weight, and to do work in a particular style.
Mr. MEADE. One other question. 1 wish to
know if the contractor, at the same time,infoi med
the committee, that he expected to be remunerated
out of the plinting of the census, which he claimed
under his contract '
Mr. STANTON. I do not remember that the
subject of the census printing was mentioned in
that conversation. I know the public printer, at
that early period in the session, began to make
excuses tor not having complied with his contract
in regard to time, as well as ill regard to the qual-
ity of the work and the quality of the material.
One of his excuses was alluded to on yesterday by
my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,]
and that was, that the rivers weie frozen up, the
railroads obstructed, so that conveyance could not
be had to the city of Washington by which the
paper could be received in time. We regarded it
as no excuse. No excuse, for the leason that this
marl had ten months from the execution of his
contract in which to prepare his stock, and get
ready for the prosecution of the woik. The rivets
were not then frozen up—the railroads were not
then obstructed. All the means of getting paper
to this city were at his command, it he had ihe
capital and disposition to comply. When we
called him before us, the printing was lamentably
behind. From the manner m which he was pro-
cessing, his equivocation and want of frankness
with the committee, we weie all impressed with
the conviction that there was no piospeet of getting
m time for any useful purpose the greater portion
of the important work. And 1 now assert, Mr.
Speaker, that if the President's message and ac-
companying documents remain in his hands, and
he makes no rnoie rapid jirogiess than he has
aheady done, that we shall not see the work com-
pleted before Christmas, if then. In the interview
referred to, the honorable gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Gorman] demanded to know when we might
1 expect to have the message completed. He in-
formed us that we might expect them upon our
| tables in two weeks from that time. Three months
have since elapsed, and not one third ot the work
j is yet done. Three hundred and fifty copies were
accepted by the House committee, to be laid upon
our tallies for the convenience of the members.
I We took that number, while the Senate coni-
i mittee rejected the whole of those sent to that body,
! for the reason they were not printed ill a style the
I contract required. It is not only in let'erence to
; the President's message that the public printing
was behind, but nearly all of the mipoitant docu-
ments are even behind at this day—doubly more
so than they were then. The committee found it
; the cause of a great deal of complaint m the House,
that the printing was so far behindhand. If at
that eaily period, the default of the contractor was
a just cause of complaint, how much more so is
I the condition of the work now' I hold m my
hand, sir, a list of eighteen important Executive
documents, embraced in a single class of the public
printing, not one of which has been completed,
and not one of them yet touched, except the an-
■ nual message of the President. That the House
1 may see the importance of these documents, I
' will read the names of some of the most import-
j ant ones:
I The Annual Message of the President.
I The Treasurer's Accounts. This document was
the third one put into the hands of the contractor,
and has, therefore, been in his office for more than
four months. It should have been printed, and in
the hands of the Committee of Ways and Means,
Ion" ago. It was necessary and useful to that
committee in the discharge ot its important duties.
I The Contingent Expenses of the Treasuty Depart-
ment. This document also was an important one
1 for die same committee.
: A> my and Navy lists, Amount of Pay. S,-c. 1 his,
I suppose, would have been equally useful to the
Committee on Naval Aliairs.
The Coast Surrey Repot t. _
Receipts and Disbursements of the Post Office De-
partment. 1 am sure the chairman ot the Com-
mittee 011 the Post Office and Post Roads could
have found this document useful to his committee.
Contingent Fund of the Interior Depai tineiit.
Report upon the Li^ht-hnuse System. This dncu-
; ment is, I understand, a very important one: and
the Cfiiiinu.tee on Commerce having that subject
before tliem, 1 cannot see well how they could do
without it. ,ii
But I will not weary the House further by read-
ing from this list. It is sufficient to say, that these
documents have been for some time in the pinit-
j er's hands, and cannot be got out of them.
The honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Fncn] thinks it exceedingly oppressive upon the
contractor, that the committee nave not thought
proper to place in his hands that portion of the
Patent Office report which has been made to the
House. Now, sir, under the circumstances, I
ask, what sufficient reason was there for intrusting
that to him? Let lum show a disposition to exe-
cute the work already placed in his hands'—let him
execute the documents contained in the list to
which I have referred, and which are needed every
day, and it will then be time enough to intrust him
with more work. In the last two months, he has
printed a bout four hundred pages of the President's
message and documents, and this is all.
This cotitrator came to Washington a mere ad-
venturer, without a dollar in his pocket to carry
on the immense contract he had undertaken to ex-
ecute—a contract vifhich, if complied with in good
faith, would cost him more for the materials con-
sumed than the whole amount of money he could
teieive from the Government. The committee
were well appused of this. Mr. Rives, in a letter
dated December, 1851, anil addressed to the oUT-
cers who made the contract with Mr. Hamilton,
says that "the prices stipulated in Mr. Hamilton's
bid would not enable him. to pay for the white paper."
The contractor gave the committee to understand,
m the interview 1 have before referred to, that he
had no means, and was dependent upon what he
received for his work to enable him to pay the
hands who did it. Here, then, was a contractor,
who had secured the printing at an inconsiderable
price, unable to go on with the work, a large part
of it in arrears, and with not the slightest possible
prospect of the condition of things becoming bet-
ter. Under these circumstances, what alternative
was left the committee? The work must remain
in its present condition, or some one must be em-
ployed to execute it. The enieigency was one
which imposed Upon the committee an important
responsibility. The law of Congress, under which
the committee was formed, prescribed our duty.
It required us to remedy the neglect or delay, and
clothed us with power to doso. We should have
been recreant to our trust if we had not endeav-
ored to perform the duty imposed upon us. The
gentkman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] supposes
that we have transcended the law, or infeis that
we intend to do so. I do not know m what re-
spect. So far, we have complied literally with the
tei ms of the law. It is not the intention of the
committee to take away from the contrator any
portion of the work except that which he cannot
or will not execute.
The committee have voted to give such portions
of the work as the contractor will not do, to Don-
elson & Armstrong, and Gideon & Co. The
House has already been apprised of the difficulty
experienced in the committee of arriving at this
conclusion ; and I shall not repeat what has al-
ready been said upon that subject. These gentle-
men were selected, so far as my own action was
concerned, because they were men of character,
and prepared with the proper materials and neces-
sary means of proceeding immediately with the
execution of the work. The emergency was such
as to justify me in voting for the Republic. I
valued'more the public necessity for this expedient,
than 1 did any political effect that might be sup-
posed would result fiom our action.
The work was assigned to these gentlemen, if
they would perform it upon the terms proposed.
A source of complaint is, that we have offered
them a price which will enable them to make ex-
travagant profits. We are told that we ought to
have taken the bid of John T. Towers, and not
that of John C. Rives, because the former was the
lowest of the two. Now, sir, 1 will call up Mr.
Rives, and put him upon tiial before this House.
You have informed the honorable gentleman from
Noith Carolina, [Mr. Ci.ingman,] the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevf.xs,]
and, pvrhaps, a dozen others on this floor, that
your bid was much higher than tlmt of Mr. Tow-
I ers How happens it, sir, that this discovery is
j lust madef Why are we only told this morning
; that your bid is so extravagant? _ Now, sir, here
i is a letter in your own handwriting, with your
! proper signature attached, dated as late as the first
day of December last, before the Committee on
1 Printing had ever been appointed, andI direelled to
! " the President and Secretary of the Senate, and
! the Speaker and the Clerk of the House of Rep-
