1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1955
these promises weie made. We were then en-
gaged in a war with Great Britain-—I speak now
of 1813 and 1814—and a great part of the Creek
Indians were induced by the evil purposes perhaps
of the British Government, certainly by other In-
dian tribes, particularly the Prophet—the brother
of Tecumseh, I believe, being the main agent—to
rebel against the treaties which they had made
with the United States, and put themselves in a
state of armed hostility. It was very important
to the Government that a portion of these Indians,
as many as could be, should be kept from active
hostility against the United States, for we had
enough upon our hands in the war with Great
Britain and with the rest of the tribe. Those In-
dians who remained true to the Government, and
true to the treaties which they had made wiih the
Government, rendered essential service. They
•arrayed themselves against their own clan—against
some of their own tribe; they gave their blood,
and they gave their property, as the results of
their aid in our behalf. 1 do not know whether
my friend from Virginia is a military man or not,
but he must rernemoer that the very highest mili-
tary authority of this land at present, an authority
which, although he will not recognize it, a great
many else will, has said that it is a very danger-
ous position for a man to place himself under a fire
both in his front and in his rear at the same time.
That is the position which the friendly Creeks
occupied. They had divers fires to contend with
in front and rear, but they remained true and
faithful.
The first remark of the Senator from Virginia,
to which I wish to reply, is, that we were not bound
to indemnify the friendly Creeks for their own
land, which they lo t by remaining faithful to the
treaty which they had formed with the Govern-
ment. lsay that we were bound to indemnify them
for this land, because the Government promised
to indemnify them; and the report which I have
before me, from the Department of the Interior,
shows that that was the policy of theGovernment,
and that that was what we promised. It will be
remembered that General Pinckney was clothed
with almost absolute authority by the Secretary
of War, in relation to this matter. In the report
from the Department of the Interior, I find the fol-
lowing:
"General Pinckney employed Colonel Hawkins, the
Government agent tor the Cieeks, to make known to them
thetei upon which peace would he granted, antong which
wa<, tliat' th« United States will retain so much of the
< conquered teiruotv may appear to the Government
i thereof to be a ju-t indemnity tor the expense*, of the war,
4and as a restitution for the injuries sustained bv Us citi-
zens, and the friendly C)cek Indians.' He was instructed
to communicate these terms to th" friendly Indians, arid
enjoia them, in the profecution of the war against -ucii a>
tnay continue hostile, to abstain carefully from lnjunim
those who may be retnrmnif with the intention of makin«
* their submi-^ion. You mav likewise mfonii them that
'the United States will not forget their fidelity, but in the
1 management winch may bo made of the land to be re-
gained in indemnity, their claim will be respectftd, and
'such of their chiefs a« have duMm!$ ii*h<*d themndveh by
* their eveitiwm and valor in the common eaii.-e, will also
4 receive a remuneration in the ceded lands, in such inan-
s ner as the (Government may direct.' "
Now, the Senate will perceive that we did make,
during this war, a promise to indemnify the
Creeks; that in consideration of their friendly con-
duct, we would indemnify them against all losses
which they might sustain. That promise covered
at that time, as was supposed, their individual
losses incurred from the hostile Creeks during: the
contest; for they did not certainly, and the Gov-
ernment did not seem, at that time, to contemplate
thai as a reward to them for remaining friendly to
the United States, we would take away their
land. But the Government did take away the
lands of the friendly Creeks; that was one of the t
fires in front and rear to which they were sub- !
jected. |
Such was the condition of affairs when General :
Jackson came on to make this treaty with them.
He insisted upon drawing his line with the sword. :
He took ^away not only the lands of the hostile .
Creeks, but also the land of the friendly Creeks; !
and when they asked him where they should go, j
he pointed them to what rav friend from Virginia ;
terms an " equivalent," which was a small por- j
tion of their own territory. It strikes me that this :
was a curious kind of equivalent. Suppose we
had a very broad domain; suppose it possible
that a foreign Government should conquer and
take away all our lands, and give us a small por- .
tion, such as Rhode Island and Delaware, and tell
us that was an equivalent for the losses we had
sustained, and then put hostile people along with
us. That was the condition of thing's in this
case. The United States narrowed these Creeks
to a small portion of their own territory, for they
were masters of the whole Creek territory at that
time, in a certain sense. A very small part of it
in comparison with their great quantity of land,
was reserved for them, and then tiie hostile Creeks
were put in among them—the Indians whose
blood was roused by the contest they had between
each other. That was the equivalent which they
got.
But it is said, that even if we were bound to
pay them, this payment has been made. The
various reports made on the subject in the House
of Representatives have been alluded to, and I
shall speak of them very briefly. First, it is said
that Colonel Hawkins, the intelligent agent of
j these Indians, repotted that $60,0U0 would have
j been received by them as an equivalent for these
! losses. I say, respectfully, that is not so. Colonel
Hawkins reported that they would have received
as an equivalent for their lands $60,000. Now,
we all know that a party who is under the power
of another maybe willing to receive as an equiva-
lent in one sense what is really not an equivalent
in another. They were under the power of the
Government. They were under the power of the
military chieftain who had them in charge. Cut
Colonel Hawkins, in that connection, was not
speaking of these individual losses at all. He
was alluding to the land, and he says so ex-
pressly. The report which I have before me
from the Department of the Interior, speaking of
Colonel Hawkins's report, says:
e< In regard to the claim on account of the lands of the
friendly Cndians included in the cession exacted by the
tieaty, be. expiessed the opinion that at the time of drawing
the hue;* for the treaty, ,^'6u,0U0 would liave been received
as an equivalent."
There is no claim here for the losses. This re-
ferred altogether to the land. He spoke exclu-
sively of the land which the friendly Creeks had
lust; and in making allusion to the $60,000, he
did not refer at all to the individual losses which
they had sustained. The Senator from Virginia
tells you, and the reports will show, that one
town—the town of Tookaubatche—was com-
pletely destroyed, the cattle of the inhabitants
were driven away, and their houses were burnt
down. The whole individual property of the
chiefs and other warriors was taken away from
them by the hostile Creeks. It is these individual
losses for which they now claim compensation,
and not for their land which has been taken from
them.
Colonel Hawkins, in that very letter, draws a
distinction between the land for which they were
willing; to receive#60,000,and the individual losses
which they sustained. The losses were sustained
by warriors who remained faithful to the United
States during that conflict. Colonel Hawkins re-
ported, in August, 1818, that he had no data on
which to calculate as to the extent of the claims
of individual losses, part of the vouchers having
been taken away by General Jackson's secretary,
and the remainder given to the assistant agent at
Coweta. Then he goes on to say:
" In regard to the claim on account of the lands of the
friendly Indians, included m the cession exacted by the
treaty, be e^pic-acd the opinion that at tin* tune of drawing
the fines foi the treaty, &b'J,0u0 would have been received
as an equivalent "
There is a very clear distinction drawn here be-
tween the individual losses of the Indians, and
the lands taken from them. Colonel Hawkins
says that they were willing to receive $60,000 as
an equivalent for their lands, but that he had no
data from which he could make a calculation as
to the extent of their individual losses.
Mr. BUl'LER. Does the $60,000 cover the
individual losses ?
Mr. CHARLTON. There is very clearly a
distinction drawn. He says:
"In regard to the claim on account of the land-, of the
friendly Indian;5, included in the ce^ion exacted by the
treat v. he etpres.-ed the opinion that * at the tune of draw-
nig the -men for the treaiy, $6',000 would have been re-
ceived as an equivalent.'' "
He stated that he had no data upon which to
calculate, as to the exten* of the claim for individ-
ual looses* and after stating that, he sfoes on to say
that the Indians would have been willing to receive
$£60,000 as an equivalent for their lands.
Mr. BUTLER. Does he Uvse the word losses,
or landsr
Mr. CHARLTON. I will read to the Senator
exactly what the report from the Department of
the Interior says:
{< C- lon<*! Ilravkms reported, Auaust 18th, that lie had no
data upon which to calculate, as to the extent of the claims
for the uuhciilnal m^es; part of the vouchers having been
taken by General Jackson's secretary, mid the remainder
had been given to the assistant agent at Coweta.
i% In regard to the claim on account of the lands of the
friendly Indians, included in the ce^ion exacted by the
treaty, he expressed the opinion thati at the time of draw-
ing the lme& lor the tieaty, $60,0<jU would have been re-
ceived as an equivalent.5
Colonel Hawkins, on the 1st of April, 1816, made
an additional report as to theamountof the claims;
and he stated that, from the peculiar condition
of affairs, it was imperfect, and could not be other-
wise till all the hunters came in; but he found m
that report that the aggregate of the claims pre-
sented up to th;«t time, was $108,435 12|. The
amount favorably reported upon was $78,360 75.
ft is manifest that he did not consider the
$60,000 as an equivalent for both, for he makes
a favorable report on claims to the amount of
$78,360. He estimated that the whole amount of
just chutrs would not exceed $100,000. The Sen-
ate will perceive that this was a mere estimate.
He stated that the Indians were on their hunting
grounds, andhecould not form a correct estimate,
but that he had already obtained an estimate which
he considered as just, for over $78,000; and added
that he supposed the just claims would amount to
$100,000. In that estimate was not included the
losses on account of the destruction at Tookau-
batche. That town was totally devastated; and
the individual property of the warriors was alto-
gether destroyed.
In 1817, Mr. Lowndes made his report. I
think by looking at it, it will be manifest that the
committee did not consider that the$85,000 which
they proposed to appropriate, was an equivalent
for all the losses, and would pay for all the
individual losses which the Indians had sus-
tained. That will be made evident by turning to
page five of the report which we have received
from the Department of the Interior. The Secre-
tary of War, upon the $85,000 appropriation, in-
structed Colonel Hawkins to pay the Indians
"only a portion of their claims at present, as it
'is probable that there may be other claimants ^
4 entitled to the benefits of the law who are nofcif
* mentioned in the list furnished by Colonel Haw- fr
4 kins; therefore, a final distribution of the money
* should not take place until the whole amount of
' claims are ascertained."
It will not do for the Senator from Virginia to
say that theGovernment did not intend to pay
these losses in full. Certainly the whole action
of the Government shows that it intended to pay
the whole, in full, when fairly ascertained. "What!
this Government huckster with a party of unfor-
tunate Indians to pay them a pro rata share upon
their individual losses—losses recognized by the
Government, the propriety of paying which was
recognized, and an appropriation made to pay
them, is that the true construction of these in-
structions? Certainly it is not. Our sense of
justice would revolt from that. The instructions
do not contemplate that. They were to Colonel
Hawkins to pay the Indians only a portion of
4 their claims at present, as it is probable there
4 may be other claimants entitled to the benefits of
' the law who ai e not mentioned in the list of
'claims furnished by Colonel Hawkins; therefore
' a final distribution of the money should not take
* place until the whole amount of claims ure ascer-
* taiued."
I ask the Senate, was it intended, when the
whole amount of claims was ascertained, to pay
a pro rata portion ? Would not that he an act of
bad faith ' The Government called to its service
these unfortunate men, who really stand in the
attitude o?cestui que trmis. They remained faith-
ful to the Government from circumstances which
made it very honorable to them, or very politic to
them, I do not know which. I ask. then, if such
is the construction to be put upon this clause—that
after their just claims had been ascertained accord-
in'' to the intention ofthe Secretary, he was to say
tolhem, acting for the Government, " Gentlemen,
wo will 2"ive you a pro rala allowance, to be dis-
tributed amongst, -you, for these individual losses.'7
I beg my friend from Virginia to say seriously
