1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
resentatives," who constituted the board which
gave out the contract, demanding the work, be-
cause you were the lowest " bona Jide bidder."
Here are some extracts from this letter, from which
it will be seen that Mr. Rives considers himself
unfairly dealt with, because the contract was not
given to hxm, " the bona fide injured bidder."
"Asl&m the lowest bona fide bidder for the greatest
poition of the printing of Congiess, and have made ample
preparation to execute all that may devolve upon me, I
have felt H my duty to assert my claim ; and I herewith
tender as security, Messrs. John W. Maury and George
Parker, of this city—sufficient men as can be found any-
where—who are prepared, as you will by the inclosed,
to enter into bond tor the execution of tins woik, according
to the terms of your advertisement and my bid.
" T am ready to verify the statements of tins note by tes-
timony before you. But if, as agents for letting the punt-
ing of Congress, you should not determine to set asitU- a
sham bid in favor of the bona fide injured b•cl<ler) (accord-
ing to the usage in the Executive Departments of this Gov-
ernment,) but choose, rather, to submit the matter to the
body immediately interested, I beg leave respectfully to
solicit, through you, an investigation of the case by a com-
mittee of Congress."
Mr. Rives not only asserts that he is the lowest
bona Jide bidder, but proposes to adduce testimony
to the committee to prove that fact. He says, in
another part of his letter:
" Foreseeing, long since, that this would be the ease, (Mr.
Hamilton's inability to do the work,) and feeling it to be
my right and my duty, as the bona fide bidder entitled to the
works to provide that Congiess should not be embanavsed
by delinquency iri printing its documents, I have procured
a large supply of new Congressional type/'1 Sec.
It will be thus seen that he regards himself as
entitled to the work, and claims it as his right.
Now, why did he set up this claim if he did not
then think his prices the lowest? So certain was
he that he had underbid all others, that, in the
anticipated delinquency of Mr. Hamilton, he pro-
vides new material to execute the work. Yet, in
the face of all this, he now asserts to members
upon this floor, that his bid was higher than that
of Towers.
Mr. ORR. I Imve one remark in reference to
the communication he speaks of. I perhaps was
the person who brought that matter before the
House, that Rives's bid was higher than that of
Towers. I did it upon the authority of the printed
statement of the Clerk of the House and the Sec-
retary of the Senate. The aggregates show that
Rives's bid was $30,000 above Towers's.
Mr. STANTON. I will show that you are as
much in error as the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Florence.] Thegentleman was misled by
the little paper laid upon our tables, and accident-
alhf found by him at that moment.
_ Mr. FLORENCE. I have informed myself,
since I had the honor of speaking yesterday, that
the paper which I read was substantially cor-
rect—me little paper to which the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] refers. 1 had that in-
formation from the peison who compiled the table,
which will be found in this public document,
(holding up the document No. 17,) in relation to
your public printing,
Mr. STANTON". When the gentleman first
made his statement, he took up a little piece of pa-
per and said that he had found it accidentally
there. Somebody had perhaps desired to furnish
him with information, and had laid it there for
that purpose, and out of that he lead. He finds
there that John C. Rives's bid for the fourth class of
printing was £>207,000, being £50,000 more than
the President and Secretary of the Senate and the
Speaker and Clerk of the House, had determined
it to be. I find by examining the official docu- I
ments, prepared under the direction of the board j
and reported to the House, that John C. Rives's j
bid for the fourth class of printing, which em- j
braces the Executive documents, is only *>152,696. j
That is the net amount of his bid, and what he i
would have received if the same quantity of that I
class of work which was done for the hist Con- j
gress, should be ordered for this. Ifyouadd to it 1
what he never bid for, and what he never said he 1
wanted, you may make the sum as large as your
imagination may please. The bid of John T.
Towers for the same class of printing, is $138,000,
or only about $14,000 less than that of Rives. The
aggregates are set down in another table.
Mr. FLORENCE. They say that figures can-
not lie, and here is a fact. In this very document,
from which the gentleman quotes, it will be found,
under the head of total aggregate of the gross
amount of each proposal, opposite the name of
John C. Rives, the very figures I quoted yester-
day, from the little piece of paper.
Mr. STANTON. And which he attempted to
create the impression in the House, was the amount
of money Donelson & Armstrong and Gideon &
Co. would get for doing the same work.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 did not desire to create
any such impression.
Mr. STANTON. That is not John C. Rives's
bid. His bid does not amount to that. That is
a mere calculation to show you what it would
have amounted to, if it had been a different bid
from what it ieally was, and if he had got the
same proportionate price for 100,000 copies of the
Patent Office report, that he would have received
for 20,000. 1 refer to this matter only to show
that the committee were disposed to do what they
believed to be right. They do not, upon the one
hand, give these men extravagant prices, nor do
they give them prices at which they could not live.
Supposing Mr. Rives to be an honest man, of
which I have no doubt; supposing him to be an
experienced and practical gentleman, the commit-
tee preferred to take his proposition, in connection
with the letter which was lying upon their tables
at the time, and to make his bid the basis of the
prices which they were to pay for this punting.
The parties themselves are dissatisfied with it, be-
cause, they say, it is too low; and they have indi-
cated to us that they will not accept our propo-
sition, unless we make a slight modification. Mr.
Rives hands me ihis paper, which i will read:
''I t-till say, that I am the lowest responsible bidder for
the greater poition of the public printing. 1 am the next
lowest bidder to Hamilton on the litth clas-s, which always
has included the eetiMi^—and the census will make more
than all the othortoui clashes.
I will show cletul}, in the Globe of to morrow, that my
bid is higher than Towers.'s. j. C. RIVES."
It is possible he can make it out. He says in
his letter, that he is the lowest bona jide bidder,
who hid m good faith, and that he is prepared,
by testimony, to prove it to the committee. We
took him at his word.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman has fallen into
an error. Speaking of the bid of John C. Rives,
I differ with the gentleman in the statement which
he has presented to the House. Mr. Rives made
his proposals to perform the printing for Congress.
It was divided into different classes. The propo-
sition which is here presented, is made under the
expectation that at this Congress there will be as
many copies of your documents printed as were
printed for the last Congress. He proposed, then,
that upon certain Executive documents, if they
exceeded a certain number of copies, that there
should be a certain discount for the press-work,
&c., as for instance, if you will turn to page forty
three, you will find—I now look at his extended
bid—a per centage deduction for additional copies
of three classes.
Foi deduction on the pi ices above stated for the prets-work,
paper, folding, and stitching, foi furnishing additional
copies of mailt* included in either of the atore aid classes,
the additional copies to be punted on the same paper,
with the same ink, and in the same style, as the usual
numbers, viz:
For tlediu (hni for any number of eojwea-—
Exceeding 1and not exceeding 5,000 — per centum.
Exceeding .>,000, and not exceeding 10,000 — <4
Exceeding 10,000, ruul riot exceeding 20.000 — "
Exceeding *20,000   69 «
Now, the computation which the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] has offered, where
he states the amount of his bid for the fourth class
of printing to be $907,000, is without the deduc-
tion. if he will look still further m another col-
umn, he will find a deduction of §54,979 20 to be
taken from that amount, and which makes the
properestimateand propercalculation §152,696 65.
Mr. STANTON. We do not differ about that
matter at all. You are perfectly right, and so am
I. His bid was not $207,000  
Mr. PHELPS. But that was a part and parcel
of his bid; and upon the Patent Office report, if
there were 100,000 or 160,000 printed, there was
a certain deduction to be made from the prices at
which if was proposed to print it.
Mr. STANTON. The calculation was based
upon the number of the Patent Office report printed
at the last session. It was expected at the time
this calculation was made, that a portion of his bid
would apply to the excess, because sixty-nine per
cent, was to be deducted from it. But the state-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Orr] was, that Towers's bid was really $30,000
less than that of Rives. I refer to these docu-
ments for the purpose of correcting it; and the
official statement shows that there is really only a
difference of $14,000 between Towers and lam
upon that particular class of work. Rives pro-
ceeds upon the assumption, as he states in this lit-
tle memorandum which he sent me, that he was to
havethe census printing; but the census printing
is not calculated here. It is not considered by the
board, who made out the statement, and is not
included in this aggregate of §186,000.
I have but hule more to say, and that relates to
the character of the work. We have seen .some
gentlemen hold up a portion of the documents to
show the House that they were done in good style,
and, as an argument to induce us to retain this
man. I am willing to retain him, if he will give us
any guarantee in the world that he can go on and
do the work as he has contracted to do it. We
have a work laid upon our tables, called Foster
and Whitney's report, which is not a part of the
printing ordered by this House, and which had
no business here. It was put upon your desks as
a sample, and it is the best job he has done; but
it was not done as the regular printing of this
House. It was done under the direction of the
Commissioner of the Land Office, and under a
special resolution of the Senate, it was really
done so badly, that the Senate committee have
rejected the whole lot, and will not take one of
them. He was to get a fair price for that printing,
to print it on good paper, and to do it in a work-
manlike manner. He did not do it in any respect
according to what his contract required. As 1 said
yesterday, the sheets of paper on which part of
this work is done, are too small for the purpose,
and leave too little margin; so that when the books
come to be trimmed, the edges are cut off so close
as to disfigure the book, and in some instances,
where there are plates, the names of the plates
have been cut off.
Mr. FLORENCE. X ask the gentleman if that
difficulty does not arise in consequence of the plates
being wider than was originally contemplated?
and if the paper is not of the size that was origin-
ally'contemplated ?
Mr. STANTON. I never measured the paper,
but thechairman of the Senate committee informed
me that it was leas in size than the contract re-
quired. The plates, I know, are of the usual oc-
tavo size, and if there had been margin enough to
the book the plates would never have been disfig-
ured.
But this is not all. You may tafre up the very
book that has been laid upon our desks, and you
will find that there is scarcely a page of it that
registers. Everybody who understands printing
knows what I mean by registers; the pages do not
lie exactly over one another; they have slipped
sideways, and you sometimes find a page which
has slipped a distance of two ems from where it
ought to be. Then there are places where the
printing is so light that you can hardly read it,
and other places where it is so black as quite to
disfigure the page. In consequence of these defects
in this particular book, the Senate committee re-
jected it entirely, and threw it upon the hands of
the printer. So of that portion of the President's
message which has been printed; the whole of
that was rejected because it was inferior to what
the contract required; and so it has been with all
the important work which has been brought in.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Pitch] asr
sumed that we are abrogating the contract with
this printer. Now* we have done no such thing.
If the gentleman will take the pains to examine
the resolutions that were passed m the committee,
and to compare them with the powers given to us
by the law, he will see that we have followed the
law strictly. It never was, for a single moment,
the intention of any member of that committee to
so far violate the provisions of the law under
which we are acting, as to abrogate the contract.
That never was contemplated.
Mr. FITCH. What I said, when I was on the
floor before, was, that by profession they had not
abrogated the contract, but that that must be the
inevitable effect of their action; because, by with-
holding a portion of the printing from the contract-
or, which a member of the committee alleges he
has hitherto delivered according to the contract,
they of course justify him in refusing to do such
work as they may give to him: the contract is, of
course, null and void; and the printers designated
