I960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
braces all, or nearly all, these various amendments
proposed by getitlepcicn from the different sections
of the Union. That substitute will necessarily
come up and be acted upon by the committee, and
gentlemen who prefer to support that, which is the
bill that passed the House the last session, can
support that amendment. If it passes, all, or
nearly all, the improvements for which these va-
rious amendments are offered, will be provided
for. I shall myself vote against that amendment,
and I trust a majority of the committee will. But
by pursuing that course, we shall decide all these
questions by a single vote, and shall thus save the
time now so unnecessarily expended, as gentlemen
must be aware.
One word further. I have 110 doubt that gentle-
man offering these amendments hope they will
pass, or,if they have had abundant evidence from
the action of the committee that they are not to
pass, they are placing themselves right before
their constituents in order to satisfy them that their
Representatives have not been unmindful of their
particular interests. But in the substitute offered,
these gentlemen can all accomplish their object by
recording their votes in the House in favor of lb;H
substitute, and save the useless consumption of
time. I would therefore suggest to the gentlemen
of this committee, that we can bring; this matter
to a speedy and satisfactory conclusion by com-
ing to a vote upon the amendment of the gentle-
man from North Carolina. If that is voted up or
down, let us vote upon the bill !>s presented after
that vote, and let it be the final vote. _ All this
time will then be saved, and the object of all these
gentlemen will be as well cared for by recording
their votes in the House as if all these separate
amendments had been offered.
Mr. MILLER. I desire to say a word or two
in reply to the gentleman from Connecticut.
The CHAIRMAN. No further discussion is
in order.
Mr. MILLER. Then I demand tellers upon
my amendment.
The question being 011 the adoption of the '
amendment offered by Mr. Mili.kr—
Mr. MILLER demanded tellers; which were
not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend- ;
ment was not agreed to. 1
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I oiler the
following amendment:
Add the following at the fuel of tho rl.uwe, hi inn' twon-
ly-five: "And for (ho purchase of snag hoats fm semct.'
on the western and *outlnvo-.teru livers, $FO,000."
Mr. M. said: 1 have not offered a single amend- [
ment except in good faith, and with the idea that ,
it ought to pass. I have now, in the shape in
whicli I have placed this amendment, abandoned
the hope of fixing the amount for the improve- :
ment of the upper Ohio at $(>0,000, ay was* cstt- j
mated by the engineers, and am compelled to leave j
the appropriation as the Committee on Commerce ;
have placed it. |
I have now, sir, offered an appropriation which i
will add eighty thousand dollars, for the purpose ;
of building snag-boats upon the western wafers, '
and will incivaae the appropriations in this bill by ;
that sum. And I wish to know how it is, that 1
this committee can consider it fair and piopei to ,
appropriate in this bill *$100,000 for the purpose
of making dredge-boats and delivery sows for :
use upon the northern lake.?, and refuse the same ;
amount for the purpose of making snag-boats for j
use upon the western rivers ? I do not understand
the philosophy of this: and it is insufficient to tell 1
me, in explanation of it. tint the Commu'ee on ,
Commerce have reported it. 1 ha\e already stated
to the committee, that <it the time tliir,-"system ,
stopped, in 1847, there were four snog-hoaN being '
used upon the Mississippi and Ohio, but th.it they 1
were sold out. From tin's $200,000 in 'he bill, I
which includes $50,000 for the Cumberland dam,
and $60,000 estimated by the engineers for the '
upper Ohio, you will have remaining but *,150,000
for the Missouri, the Arkansas, the iVIis.Mi-sippi.
and the Ohio below the falls. And of this am-mnt,
if you expend $100,000 to replace the sna^-boats
necessary to recommence this system of improve- i
ment, you will have left then but $50,000 with
which to work upon the whole western livers.
Now, sir, I do not know what western men
may do. I do not know what the Representatives ;
of the valley of the Mississippi may do; hut if :
this House refuses this appropriation, I would
vote this bill down a thousand times. This is one
of the last appeals 1 have to make, and I trust that
this amendment will be put upon the bill. It is
fair, it is proper, and it is necessary.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I am opposed to
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky, who last addressed the committee.
It is a little singular that the Department did
not think proper to recommend to this House and
to Congress, any greater appropriation for the
western rivers than the committee have reported
in this bill. They reported all that the Depart-
ment recommended. Now, sir, I do not know—
perhaps the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shallI can inform the committee—what is the
cost of a snag-boat, as compared with dredge-
boats, as to their durability? And why is it that
geutlemen indulge here in asking for these ran-
dom appropriations?
Mr. MARSHALL. Twenty-five thousand
dollars have been estimated for each of these snag-
boats. The estimate is contained in the report of
the superintendent of western improvements; and
if the gentleman had looked through the reports,
he would have seen what snag-boats cost.
Mr. FULLER. Suificeit to say, in answer to
the gentleman, that the committee reported all that
the Depaitment recommended, and I suppose the
Department understands what is necessary to be
appropriated in any one year. If I have any idea
of the mode of improvement of the western riv-
ers, it is not as expensive as the building piers of
stone-work and masonry; it is simply by the use
of these boats, the pulling up the snags.
But, sir, there is another reason why the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman should not be
voted by the committee. This Government owes
$63,000,000, and it pays $3,000,000 a year inter-
est money. A million and a half of dollars is all
that the present force of your Topographical Bu-
reau can expend in any one year. Do gentlemen
want to vote large sums of money to have that
Bureau increased to expend it > It strikes me not.
It would not be judicious, and I think, therefore,
that a bill that appropriates $1,500,000 a year, is
in all conscience enough.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I only wish
to call the attention of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Fuu.exi,] and also of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] to the estimates
which were sent to Colonel Long, who has the
supervision of this work. In that he estimates as
necessary to build and outfit the two new snag-
boats of the largest class, $'J5,000 each, and three
of a lighter draft, at $15,000 each. He also rec-
ommends the repair and outfit of the large boat
on hand, the Hercules. These estimates were re-
ferred to us by the chief of the Topographical
Bureau. This is all they ask for, and it leaves a
balance of $50,000 for the Cumberland Island dam
and the working of these boats for one year. The
simple question is whether we shall add $80,000
or $100,000 more than the Department asked for
for the present fiscal yem°
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Marshall, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CLliWMAN. I move to raise the sum
from $200,000 to #850,000.
My object, Mr. Chairman, is to get for those
western rivers ptecisely the same amount which
we voted for the Collins line. I voted for that
appropriation. I thought it right then, and I still
think so, and would vote for it again. But, sir,
I am of the opinion that this appropriation for the
Mississippi river is entirely too small—I mean for
the Mississippi and its tributaries. According to
the report of Lieutenant Maury, there are twenty
thousand miles of navigable waters. That riverand
its upper tributaries, hem fifteen of the States. One
half of the Union is directly interested in this
matter. # Now, sir, it is very well known, that
that section has heretofoie had bat little or nothing
of all the appropriations made by this Govern-
ment.
The people of the West have come up liberally
to maintain the Government in its revenues, and
by men in tunes of war, and from theii interior
position they have had but little or nothing. Now,
I do not contend that it is a sound principle to dis-
tribute money merely with the view of giving
equality to the different sections; but, sir, those
western rivers really need it, and when they can
make a fair case for an appropriation, why should
you not give them a liberal one, so as to put them
on a fair footing with the rest of the Union?
I have a statement which estimates the com-
merce upon that riverand its tributaries, upwards
and downward, at more than §200,000,000. Then,
you have an immense commerce passing over
many thousands of miles of navigable water, of
the most dangerous character in this country; and
yet, sir, the obstacles are not of the kind that are
most difficult of removal, such as long shoals
or stony rapids. They consist mainly of snags,
and some bars of mud, which can be easily dis-
placed. I hope, therefore, when it is borne in
mind that there are immense losses annually upon
those rivers, by means of obstructions that can
easily be removed, and that this Government has
heretofore done little or nothing for that section.
I trust, I say, that gentlemen will come up and
give it a liberal appropriation.
But I am told by the gentleman over the way,
[Mr. Seymour,] that the present bill proposes to
give as much money as can be expended in one
year. I care nothing about that, i think it very
likely that we shall not get another of these bills
passed for the nextten years, (nor do I care much
if we do not, as I am not partial to the system,)
and as these rivers have been tor fourteen years
without an appropriation, 1 should like to give
them a liberal one at this time. Let us do what
is right. The Treasury is said to be now in a
good condition, with a surplus of ten or fifteen
millions of dollars, and let us make a liberal ap-
propriation for that portion of country that has
heretofore had but little, and is most in want.
I moved this amendment, Mr. Chairman, notas
a mere matter of form, but because 1 think the ap-
propriation too small; and I hope that those gen-
tlemen who, like myself, are not very friendly to
the system, will nevertheless agree that if it is to
go on, and expenditures are to he made, that they
shall be so arranged as to do the greatest amount
of good. As this river and its tributaries lie in so
many States, it cannot otherwise be impioved.
I think it very likely that the fiamers of the Con-
stitution never contemplated such action as this;
yet all parties and all Administrations have sanc-
tioned national appropriations. But everythingis
national in one sense, and local in another, and my
great objection to this whole system is, that you
can draw no line of distinction between what is
national and what is merely local, and therefore
there are likely to be great abuses. I hope that
gentlemen who stand like me, not very favorable
to this system of improvement by the General
Government, will,if it is to go on, vote the money
where it is most needed. Let us act fairly to all
sections of the country, and vote for this amend-
ment, and if it shall be adopted with some other
changes, I am inclined to vote for the bill. As it
now stands, however, the appropriations it makes
are so unequal, and lavished with so partial a hand,
where they are least needed, that the bill, as a
whole, ought to be defeated for that reason alone.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Clivoman—
Tellers were demanded and ordered;and Messrs.
Hamilton7 and Beale were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 57, noes 67; no quorum.
By unanimous consent a recount Wiis ordered.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 69, noes 85.
So the amendment of Mr. Clingman was not
agreed to.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. 1 offer the following
mneiidment:
l<'m the improvement ot the Tennessee n\er and its
navigable tributaries, above the Muscle Shoals, ;;"i38j000,
to be expended under the direction of tho Secretary of
War.
I offer the amendment for the Tennessee river
j' again, with a variation in the amount of theap-
I propriation. It seems that all outside of the Cora-
II mittee on Commerce have to put their fingers upon
|! a particular wire to have any amendment passed.
! In offering the amendment again to the bill, I do so
' without much hope that it will be adopted. The
i amount is based on proper estimates from the
: Department, and cannot be objected to on that
! account. That it is for a national object no one in
; sll the opposition has denied; yet there is a fatal-
: ity attending the proposition, which seems com-
mon to all, unfortunate indeed, sir. The bill
reported by the Committee on Commerce seems
