THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2,
they had been approved by the previous Board.
Others, again, state that their claims have been
greatly reduced, and set forth that, in consequence
of this reduction, injustice has been done to them
by the Board of Commissioners; that, by the
Course which the Government of the United States
has taken with Mexico, in relieving that country
from all of these claims, it has become bound to
do them justice, and they ask that another Board
may be organized, or some other mode adopted,
by which the justice of these claims may be ascer-
tained, and payment of them made, if they are
found to be just. I feel a good deal at a loss to
know what ought to be done in cases of this kind.
I understand that there are a great many of them
besides those that have been intrusted to my care.
They ask for an investigation of the matter by the
Senate. They desire the-appointment of a com-
mittee, with power to send for persons and papers.
I entertained some doubt whether this was a prop-
er subject for the investigation of this body; but I
became convinced that there was propriety in it,
since the object of the memorialists is not to make
any criminal charge against the Commissioners,
but simply to have a reinvestigation of their claims,
in order that the facts may bff ascertained, and the
question be presented and decided, whether the
Government of the United States will feel itself
bound to pay these claims beyond the amount of
indemnity stipulated in the late treaty with Mexi-
co. It is suggested by some of the memorialists,
that the three millions stipulated for the payment
Of these indemnities has not yet been exhausted,
go that there is yet a fund remaining, out of which
gome of these claims at least can be paid; and thus
there is a question presented to us which we must
meet at some time or another, whether the Gov-
ernment will go beyond the awards of the late
Commission.
I understand that there is a number of other
memorials in the hands of Senators, of a similar
character; and as they, like myself, feel some
doubt as to what disposition should be made of
them, I will merely present these memorials now,
and move that they be laid upon the table.
The following memorials were accordingly pre-
sented, and laid upon the table;
The memorial of James W. Zacharie, assignee
of Asmus C. Breedall, praying the establishment
of a tribunal for reviewing the decisions of the
late Board of Commissioners for investigating
claims against Mexico.
The memorial of Edmund J. Forstall, and the
memorial of Nathan C. Folger, assignee of Chas.
Guenet, representing that there is a variance be-
tween the awards made on their claims by the
Board of Commissioners for the settlement of
claims of American citizens against Mexico, and
praying the payment of that portion of their
claims disallowed by the said Board.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. IIAMLIN, it was
Ordcied, That the petition of Charles Cooper St'Co., on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of I
Claims.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Opened, That the memorial of the clerks in the Adju-
tant General's Office, on the file* of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Milnaiy A (fans.
RECESS.
On motion, it was
0)de-icd, That when the Senate adjourns, it be to Mon-
day next.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. FELCH gave notice that he should ask
leave to introduce a bill granting to the State of;
Michigan the right of way and a donation of pub- >
lie land, for the purpose of constructing a canal or 1
railroad across the Peninsula of Michigan; and ;
A bill to establish an additional laud office in ,
Michigan.
Mr. CLARKE gave notice that he should ask j
leave to introduce a joint resolution declaratory of !
the principles of the United States Government I
upon the doctrine of intervention with the internal !
relations of other States, and reaffirming the !
known settled policy of our country. ;
' Mr. CLEMENS gave notice that he should ask j
leave to introduce a bill, to be entitled "An act '
to provide for the appointment of a United States I
district attorney for the northern district of Ala-1
bania." i
RECALL OF OUJl MINISTER TO PRANCE. I
Mr, WALKER. A memorial has been sent to I
me, from an association known and styled as the
" Industrial Congress of the city of New York,"
with a request that I would present it to the Senate.
This memorial asks for the recall of the United
States Minister from France, and the suspension
of all diplomatic intercourse with the Government
of that country. I present this memorial as I would
present any other which might be transmitted to
me with a request that I would present it. I will
ask that it may be read. I do not know whether
in consequence of its being read, it will go into the
publi®'journals of the day or not, but it is desired
by tae memorialists, in a letter accompanying the
memorial, that it should do so.
he memorial was then read, as follows:
T$ the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States in Congress assembled:
^The Industrial Congress of the city of New York, in view
of the late tyrannical and unpardonable conduct of Louis"
Napoleon Bonaparte,,President of the Fiench Republic,
respectfully pray your'honorabie bodies immediately to re-
call Hon. William C. Rives, your Minister to France, and
the suspension, on the part of our Government, of all
diplomatic and commercial relations with that Power. The
Industrial Congress is not insensible of the importance and
responsibility that would natuially attach to the assuming of
the position herein recommended. It well knows the fact,
however, that the United States Government was the first
to acknowledge the Republic of France. This recognition
was manifested on the ground that the people of that unfor-
tunate nation had become wearied of the form of govern-
ment under which they so long had lived, and had risen in
their majesty, and established a Democratic government.
Louis Napoleon Bonaparte, he whom the French people
had honored with their confidence, and elevated to the
Presidency of the Republic, has proved treacherous to the
trust reposed in him ; he has violated and trampled under
foot the constitution he had solemnly sworn to support, and
has in various ways proved recreant to his duty, and thrice
recreant to humanity.
Under these circumstances, the Industrial Congress es-
teem it not only proper, but necessary and right, that our
Government should enter its sternest protest against the
flagitious tyranny of the usurper Napoleon.
In behalf of the Industrial Congress,
H. A. GUILD, Secretary.
Mr. W. I move that this memorial be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MANGUM. If the motion which I am
about to offer will take precedence of the motion
which has just been made by the Senator from
Wisconsin, I will move that that memorial be laid
upon the table. It proposes to reverse the entire
policy of the Government.
The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Sena-
tor from North Carolina has precedence.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator from North
Carolina withdraw his motion for a few moments ?
I will renew the motion, if the Senator desires it.
Mr. MANGUM. Certainly. I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. MASON. I understood this to be a memo-
rial to the Senate, but 1 did not distinctly hear
what was its purport.
The PRESIDENT. It is a memorial from the
Industrial Society of the city of New York.
Mr. MASON. From a society called the "In-
dustrial Congress of the city of New York"—the
memorial of a society of which we know nothing
except through newspaper reports, asking this
Government, because of an alleged change in the
form of the French Government, to recall its Min-
ister, under circumstances of discourtesy, without
Regard to the consequences which would certainly
ensue on the adoption of such a measure.
Mr. President, this is from the same type
of which we have recently' had many impres-
sions from the same quarter of the Confederacy.
I had intended, when I first heard this memorial
mentioned, to oppose any reference. I did not
know what reference the honorable Senator who
presented this memorial might ask for it, but I
had intended, without wishing to treat that paper
with any disrespect—and I do not wish to treat
any paper with disrespect that may be presented
here—to oppose its reference to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, chiefly with the view of show-
ing that the Senate are not disposed to entertain a
proposition of that kind. I now renew the motion
made by the gentleman from North Carolina, that
the memorial be laid upon the table.
Mr. DAWSON. Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia withdraw that motion for a few moments?
Mr. MASON. I withdraw it if the Senator
from Georgia wishes it.
Mr. DAWSON. This question is now fairly
presented to the Senate; and if it be desirable on
the part of any member m this body to make tins
issue before the American people, no time can be
better than the present. If we are to change the
foreign policy of this country at this time, let us
do it now; but, on the other hand, if we are deter-
mined not to do so, let us announce it at once.
What committee, then, can more appropriately
make a report upon this subject than the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations? _ Now I am desirous
that this should be done. If it is desired that this
question should be discussed, let it go before the
American people, and let it be thus determined
whether we shall take part in the strife and wars
of other countries, or abide by the course which,
in this respect, we have pursued since the first
foundation of the Government. I trust that this
reference may be made, and that that committee
will report upon the subject. I hope the Senate
will not lay the memorial upon the table.
Mr. WALKER. I should regret exceedingly
if the introduction of this memorial should at this
time give rise to any,discussion. I certainly in-
troduced it Avith no such expectation, no such de-
sire, no such design. I perhaps know more of
the association whence this memorial comes than
most of the Senators who have spoken in refer-
ence to it. I believe it is constituted of a class of
men to whom respect should be shown—that is, if
respect is to be shown in the Republic of the
United States to what constitutes the laboring
and mechanical portion of the country. This as-
sociation, termed the "Industrial Congress of
New York," is chiefly composed of that class of
men—not all of whom it is true^—who are under
the necessity of laboring for a livelihood. Some
of them, 1 am aware, by their labors, have ac-
quired a fortune. I believe them to be as good
republicans as any who stand on this floor, and
I should regret exceedingly that any disrespect
should be shown to their memorial. I have
moved its reference to the Committee on Foreign
Relations; and I have done so with somewhat of
the motive which has been expressed hy the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson-.] The sub-
ject of our conduct towards certain foreign gov-
ernments is one which is now agitating the coun-
try to a considerable extent. We shall undoubt-
edly have this subject fully before Congress. We
cannot keep it out. It is one of those matters
that will come before us, and it is now a mere
question of time as to when we shall meet it. I
think, as the Senator from Georgia has expressed
himself, that the present is just as good a time to
meet it as we shall ever see; and what committee
is better qualified to report and throw light upon;
the subject than the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions ? I am grateful to that Senator for his con-
currence in my motion to refer this matter to that
committee. I hope it will go there, and that we
may have a report which the country will study
with that interest which such a report would be
entitled to receive. This, I think, is the better
way to treat this matter, and not as the Senator
from Virginia would treat it, by rising imme-
diately on the bare mention of the subject in the
Senate with apparent indignation, both in his
voice and manner, and moving to lay it upon the
table. This is not the way to receive it. I said
that I introduced this memorial because I had
been especially requested to do so. That was my
only motive, with the further motive of giving
the memorial the reference I proposed, and that
that committee to which this memorial and papers
of a kindred character may be referred, may give
us a report which may go before the country for
its consideration.
Mr. MANGUM. It was certainly, sir, with
no purpose of treating these memorialists with
disrespect that I made the motion to lay the me-
morial on the table. But it asks us to act con-
trary to the whole spirit of the Constitution and
our organization. The interposition of the voice
of the Senate in matters of this sort would be a
violation of the policy of this Government, which
has existed from the earliest day until the present
time. Sir, we shall meet these questions; we shall
have them to meet. I, in my humble capacity,
am willing to take the responsibility of meeting
them at any moment. A joint resolution, of which
notice has this morning been given by the Senator
from Rhode. Island, [Mr. Clarke,] will bring up
this question distinctly; and we shall see, upon the
vote, who are willing to stand by the ancient
usages and principles of the Government, and who,
on the other hand, are willing to go for foreign in-
tervention with the view of propagating liberty
