1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1097
1 shall nor, however, comment upon this sepa-
rately. I will now read, in connection with it,
from a speech which appears in the Washington
Union of this morning, as delivered by Mr. Gor-
man, of Indiana, on the 13th of this month on the
same subject. Mr. Gorman, as chairman of the
House Committee on Printing, in giving an ac-
count of what the majority of the committee had
done, and in justification of himself for the course
he had pursued, said:
" We have only the power to do, what ? To remedy neg-
lect to comply vvitli the contract—to remedy any neglect in
printing the documents in tune. That is our business. We
are sentinel* placed upon the watch tower to see that your
eontiaetor hat' done Ins duty, and to see that you get your
public documents when vou need them, and in due tune.
When the conviction forced it>elf upon it* that he had not
done so, we attempted to parccl out the punting, so that it
could he done properly. One gentleman proposed that it
be done by Donelson & Armstrong. Another pioposed
to add the name of Mi. Towers, and so on, until al-
most everybody m this eity was proposed. I frankly tell
this Hou-e, that 1 have voted for two months against any-
body having this printing but Donelson & Armstrong ; and
when I asked the honmable chairman what he proposed,
and what he wanted, he responded e* he wanted nothing."
It is here attributed to me, that when asked what
I wanted to do with the public printing, I answer-
ed, I " wanted nothing;" and the words are given
with quotation marks, as the identical ones used
by me. I will not comment upon this separately;
but will read further, in connection with it, a pas-
sage from the remarks of Mr. Stanton, of Ken-
tucky, another member of the Committee on Print-
ing, delivered in the House yesterday, as I find
them reported in the National Intelligencer of this
morning. In defending the action of the majority
of the Committee on Printing, Mr. Stanton al-
ludes to something that had been said about giving
a portion of the public printing to Mr. Fisher, the
editor of the Southern Press, and says:
il While negotiations were going on to obtain the execu-
tion of the public punting, Elwood Fisher, of the Southern
Press, proposed a combination between himself and the
editors of the Union. Mr. Fisher requested the committee
to divide the printing, fortius reason—that it would produce
a reunion between the Southern Democrats and Compro-
mise Democrats. He (Mr. S.) told him that such a thing
was utterly impossible; that under any state of circum-
stances he could not get more than two votes—those of him-
self and Mr. Borland—all the other members of the com-
imilee being from the Noithern States."
Mr. President, taking the article in the Union,
this statement of Mr. Stanton, with the general
drift of the remarks of Mr. Gorman, all together,
the impression is likely to be made that 1 sat in
the committee as the representative either of the
Southern Press singly, or of the Southern Press
and National Era together, seeking to obtain for
those papers, as patronage, a portion of the pub-
lic printing. I have to say, upon that, in few
words, that from beginning to end, in every line,
word, and syllable, so far as any such impression
or imputation upon me is intended, it is false in
fact 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is aware that
he must not speak of what has taken place in the
House of Representatives.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I am allud-
ing to proceedings published in newspapers—to
articles published in newspapers reflecting inju-
riously upon me—doing me gross injustice, and I
am giving them my contradiction. I apprehend
that is not out of order.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will listen to
what is the rule, and then confine himself within
its limits:
"It is a breach of order, in debate, to notice what has
been «Aid on the same subject, m the other Hou*e, or the
particular votes, or majorities on it there; because the opin-
ion of each House should he left to its own independency,
not to be influenced by the pioceedmgs of the other; and
the quoting thein mi<rht beget reflections leading to a mis-
understanding between the two Houses."
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I know tha
you would not do me injustice, or put a wrong
construction on what I said, or intended to say.
I think, however, if you will recur to the begin-
ning of my remarks, and my reference to the sev-
eral articles I have read, you will recollect that I
spoke of them as newspaper publications reflecting
upon me. 1 did not treat them as the proceedings
of the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT. Tne Senator expressly
named the individuals who made the speeches from
wluch he read.
Mr. BORLAND. I named the individuals as
the reputed authors of the articles which appeared
in the public press. What 1 mean to say, without
referring to those articles as the proceedings of the
House, or to those gentlemen as members of the
House, but as publications in the Union and i he Na-
tional intelligencer, is, that so far as they represent
me as occupying any such position as I have men-
tioned—that is, as either seeking or desiring the
public printing, or any portion ot it, for the Southern
Press, the National Era, or any other press, they
are in every sense, and m every way, false. So
far from representing any one upon that commit-
tee, or desiring to obtain patronage for any one, I
expressly declined to advocate the claims of any
one. This is well known to every member of the
committee. I will say, further, that when applied
to by Mr. Fisher, the editor of the Southern Press,
to agree to an arrangement by which he supposed
a portion of the printing could be given to him, I
told him at once, and decidedly, that 1 would do
no such thing. I told Mr. Fisher, I told the com-
mittee, and say it here now, to place myself right,
once for all, that in regard to patronage, either to
the party press, or to partisans of any class, I hold
this position: I will not create patronage for any
one—I will not increase prices or patronage for
any one; but when public work is to be dispensed,
and I have to choose, at fair prices, and for proper
public purposes, for the execution of the work,
between my political opponents and my political
friends, I will give to those who agree with me m
political sentiment, and rejoice if they can make it
useful either to themselves personally, or to the
party to which we belong.
This is the position which I have always occu-
pied. And the statement of it, brings me to my
course upon the committee.
I will repeat here, as I said the other day, I be-
lieve that, under the law, the committee had the
power to take the printing from the contractor,
•and to give it to other persons. I did not agree
to the particular direction in which they gave that
printing, because, as I expressly said to them,
and say now, neither of the parties to whom they
gave it agree with me in sentiment, or pursue, as
conductors of the public press, a policy which, in
my opinion, fairly represents the views I enter-
tain, or which is calculated to promote the public
interests, or the special interests of the Democratic
party.
The position in which I seem to have been
placed before the country by the articles I have
read from the newspapers, and by the general
course of the majority of the committee in de-
fending their own course, is that of obstinately
disregarding the public interests in an exigency
which required prompt action, because I could not
obtain patronage for certain presses or individu-
als, for whom i sought and desired it. I repeat,
that I occupied no such position; and there is no
truth in any assertion, or implication, which
tends to place me in any such position. I did not
say, I "wanted nothing," or was willing to do
nothing. When applied to by the chairman of the
House Committee, to propose some person as a
recipient of this patronage, I said I had no proposi-
tion to make. I said I sat there, then, as chauman
of the committee, presiding over its deliberations,
ready to hear, and put to the vote, any proposition
that might be made. I had no proposition of my
own to make; hut if one should be made which
met my views of propriety and policy, I would vote
for it.
Now, Mr. President, I presume it will not be
out of order, or, if it be, you will correct me, to
remark somewhat further upon the course of the i
committee, while I was a member of it. To do !
so is necessary to a full understanding of my po- j
sition, alike on the committee and as a member of'
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state to the
Senator, that, strictly speaking, it is not in order
to detail what takes place in committees. How-
ever, it has been done, over and over agam, in the
Senate without objection, and, if no objection be
now made, the Chair will interpose no obstacles
Mr. BORLAND. The action of the commit-
tee to which I particularly allude, is that winch
has, in part, been reported, in the form oi resolu- ■
tions, both to the Senate and to the House of
Representatives. If it were true that I had thus ,
obstinately thrown myself in the way of the ex-
ecution of the public work, I should be culpa-;
ble before the country. If it be true that the '
action of the committee, in disposing of the pub-
lic printing, was such as the exigencies or the pub-
lic service made necessary, or was even the best
that could have been talien, under the circum-
stances, 1 should still have been culpable, to some
extent at least, for resisting or obstructing that
action. But, sir, I deny that this was so. I deny
that this action was either necessary, or that it
was even the best that could have been taken.
This is my opinion. I think facts warrant me in
enteitaining it, and a sense of duty induces me to
express it. I say that, although the public print-
er had violated hia contiact, and it was proper
that the work should be taken, in part at least,
from him and given to some one elf-e, yet that it
has not been given to the persons best prepared
and best qualified to do it; and it was not agreed
to be paid for at prices which, in my opinion, were
warranted by the public interest, or the rig'ts of
the superseded contractor. There were persons
every way well qualified and prepaied, in my opin-
ion, even better qualified and piepared than those
to whom it was given, ready and willing to do
the work for a smaller price than was agreed to
be given. And, then, there stood the contractor
who, however far he had failed to do his duty,
was still, with his securities, liable on his bonds,
to pay the difference between his contract price
and this new price. So much for that.
Now, sir, a word upon the resolutions reported
to the two Houses, respectively, as representing
the action of the committee. On the 12th, (last
Monday,) I reported, as the action of the com-
mittee on the 8th, this resolution:
"Resolved, That the committee enter into a contract with
Donelson & Armstrong to do the future printing of the
present Congress in theHouse, and with Gideon & Co. for
the Senate, upon such terms as shall be agreed upon here-
after."
This is copied from the journal of the commit-
tee, as the official action, by a vote of four to two,
of the joint committee.
The other resolution, as reported by the chair-
man of the House committee, as representing the
same action of the same committee on the same
day, as I find it published in the newspapers, is in
the following words:
"On motion by Mr. Gorman,
"Resolved, That, for so much of the public printing as
may be deemed necessary by the committee to remedy any
neglect or delay on the part of the contractor (Mr. Hamil-
ton) to execute the work ordered by Congress, the persons
doing the woik under the dueetion of the committee be al-
lowed the same price as may be contained in Mr. Rives's
bid for printing for the Thirty-second Congress: Provided,
That m no case shall pay be allowed for double composi-
tion "
The two resolutions are found to be materially
different. The one I reported here on the 12th is
the one adopted on the 8th, and as I copied itfrom
the journal, unaltered by any recorded action of
the committee up to that time. How the altera-
tion was made 1 do not know, nor why it was
done. I merely state the facts in order to show
that what I reported was the recorded action of
the committee. I have attended no meeting of the
committee since the 8th, when that resolution was
adopted.
1 have been censured because I refused my vote
to give the printing to Donelson & Armstrong
and the Republic—especially because I refused to
give it to Donelson & Armstrong. In my opin-
ion they do not fairly represent the views which I
entertain upon important matters of public inter-
est and policy, now before the country. How-
ever binding, then, I might have felt the obliga-
tion to give any patronage at my disposal to a
political friend, instead of a political opponent, the
CJnion newspaper, as conducted by them, does
not sustain towards me, at least, such party rela-
tions as would require or justify such consider-
ation at my hands. I am'not disposed to quar-
rel, nor will I quarrel, with them, or any one else,
because they differ with me on matters of public
policy. But I am bound, nevertheless, to act
from my own «en^e of propriety, and convictions
of duty, m all such cases: and when I do so act,
I am not amenable to censure—no one should
quarrel with me on account of my opinions; and
surely no one, who claims to think for himself,
or to act from Ins own convictions, can justly
charge me, fur my course, with any want of re-
gard for public duty, or party fealty.
But I never understood, until iccently, that the
proposition to gi\a ihis printing; to Donelson &
Armstrong was placed upon the ground winch I
now find it pbced by the comruuee^ that is, the
exigencies of the puMic service, or the necessity
