1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
throughout the world. And here, sir, I can only
hope that our policy may not be changed. I there-
fore again move, with no feeling of disrespect to
the memorialists, that the memorial be. laid upon
the table. Should any gentleman, however, de-
sire to speak upon the subject, I will withdraw the
motion.
M r. UNDERWOOD. I desire to make a very
few remarks.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to say a very few
words. 1 agree with very much of what my friend
from North Carolina has intimated. If we are to
change the whole mode of treating our foreign re- j
lations; if, instead of having a communication of '
this kind come through the Executive organ to the \
Senate, it is to be introduced by any public body—
an irresponsible one, so far as it is known to the
Constitution—I do not say irresponsible so far as
regards their relations as citizens—if, I say, such
communications are to be introduced into the Sen-
ate for the purpose of dictating to the Executive,
who should take the initiative in all matters of
foreign relations, it will, in my opinion, change the
whole spirit of the Constitution.
I think the more promptly we meet the subject
the better. What is this? A memorial from a
numerous, intelligent, and I suppose a very influ-
ential body in New York, praying that we should
take a step which does not lie within our province.
In New York I have no doubt the politicians, who
are so much wiser than the Constitution, or at
least the usages of the Government under the
Constitution, are willing to have subjects of this
kind agitated to favor their wild doctrines, for wild
I must call them—fourierism, socialism, &c.,£—
which tend to pull everything down to a level w&i
what they may conceive to be right. I do rflt
say that this is not an accurate standard, but it is
a standard to which I do not choose to conform.
I regard this Union as a Confederacy of organized
Republics, and I believe that our conduct in refer-
ence to it should be regulated by the Constitution.
When we violate or disregard precedent on this
subject, we are prepared for a revolution ourselves;
and while looking out for the interests of others
abroad, I think we had better take care of our-
selves at home.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I concur very much in
the views of the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Mangum,] and of the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Butler.] But we shall have to
meet all these new questions, which are forcing
themselves before us, in some way or other, sooner
or later. I think that the sooner you meet them,
the'better it will be for the country. The longer
you postpone the combating of error, the greater
root error takes; and through delay the most dan-
gerous evils are more likely to spring up and over-
shadow the country. The question here is, What
course ought we to take upon the present occa-
sion? If these memorialists want Congress to in-
terfere with the Executive department of the Gov-
ernment, would it not be proper to give them an
answer through the committee, that that ought not
to be done, that the Constitution does not tolerate
it, and thus bring their attention to the very objec-
tions which are made on the different sides of this
Chamber? As the memorialists are indorsed as
respectable by the Senator who has presented the
memorial, it does seem to me that the most satis-
factory answer to them—if you can reason with
them at all, if they are not enthusiasts, with whom
you cannot reason—would be to say, you are inter-
fering, and requesting Congress to interfere, with
matters which pertain exclusively to the Executive
department. _ j
Mr. President, there is a temper pervading the j
country at this time which, in my judgment, is J
lamentable to the greatest degree. I feel called |
upon—and it is a thing which I very seldom do— j
to make a personal explanation, growing out of a j
speech made m the other branch of this body, im- i
bodying what seems to have been published in j
one of the New York papers. It is not my habit
to apply epithets upon any occasion to any body
or any set of men. Epithets do no good. If you
were to take all the caustic words in all the lan-
guages, living and dead, and form them into a
cataplasm and apply it to the gangrene souls of
some men, you could not excite a redeeming blis-
ter. It is useless to apply epithets to any one.
The matter to which I want to call the attention
of the public—and I do it because it has found its
way into a very able speech of Mr. Smith,-of
Alabama, which has been printed for circulation—
is the following:
" The scene on Wednesday last in the United States
Senate, during the debate on the Kossuth resolution, was
one- of peculiar interest. The Russian Minister was the
distinguishing feature of the occasion. He was observed
to pay the deepest interest to the discussion. When Foote
spoke, he looked on with that expression of contempt and
disgust with winch one of our codfish aristocracy would re-
gard a Democratic harangue from Mike Walsh. When
General Cass spoke, however, the countenance of-M. Bo-
disco assumed a melancholy expression, as if touched with
a presentiment of the power of the unterrified Democracy
of this country m shaping out the action of oui Govern-
ment. But there were two sides to the question ; and
when General Dawson, of Georgia, took the Russian side,
the Siberian coldness of the distinguished envoy was thawed
into a genial smile of approbation. The speech of Mr.
Underwood, however, told with the happiest effect. Sev-
eral times he lifted his hat, as if about proposing three
cheers for Underwood, but deMsted, most likely, out of re-
spect to the Senate.
"The tact is, the Russian Ambassador had achieved a
great victory. He had heard Kossuth and his cause de-
nounced in the American Senate, and he had occasion to
plume himself upon the result. Why? Because, as we
are apprised, he had been seen in close and suspicious con-
fab with Messrs. Dawson and XJnderwood oil the floor of
the Senate the day befoie."
There is not one word of truth in it, so far as I
am concerned, No such confabulation ever took
place—no such interview ever occurred on the
floor of the Senate, or elsewhere. It is lamenta-
ble that letter-writers and others will flood the
journals of the country with falsehoods deroga-
tory to the character of Senators, and the charac-
ter of this body. These things go abroad. But
for the eifect this might have of being published
in the other branch of the Legislature, I would
not have noticed it here, because it is useless to
enter into a war with an editor, who has an arsenal
of missives of that sort when you have none.
Mr. DAWSON. I would not have referred to
this subject had not my friend from Kentucky
alluded to it. I would now merely say that the
statement made is not true. M. Bodisco may
have been here, and I may have been in conver-
sation with him, but not upon that subject; and
as for the three being engaged in conversation to-
gether, I have no recollection of it. I have no
recollection of having seen M. Bodisco here the
day alluded to. As the Senator from Kentucky
says, it is certainly a misrepresentation, or the
writer may have been mistaken.
Mr. DAVIS. Ido not think it a matter of great
importance as to what disposition is made of this
Eetition; but I agree with the remarks which have
een thrown out by some gentlemen, that the time
has arrived when it is, perhaps, expedient that
there should be some discussion upon this subject,
and perhaps action by the Senate upon it. And I
hope when it does come up it wilibe deliberate in
its character. I hope so, .sir, because I think there
is some misapprehension as to duties which we
owe to ourselves and to other Governments.
There is., I apprehend, an idea prevalent to some
extent—I hope not largely so-—that free institu-
tions, republican Governments, and public liberty,
may he created and sustained, and Governments
of that character built up and supported by the
bayonet. I hold this view of the subject to be
utterly delusive and false. I hold that all the ex-
perience of the world is at war with that idea, and
that it is quite impossible by force and violence to
cherish and build up these principles of free gov-
ernment which are the result of peaceful inquiry
and an enlightened public intelligence. The pub-
lic mind must be imbued with a just conception of
what political liberty is, and of the means by which
it is to be enjoyed and maintained before it can be
successfully established among a people. 'Prema-
ture efforts have and will be unavailing—war may
overwhelm arbitrary power—an outbreak of in-
dignation under oppression may break down the
power of the oppressor. This is neither difficult
nor uncommon, but how unfrequently such a state
of things has proved a harbinger to public liberty!
We saw the revolutions in Europe in 1848. We
saw the thrones of those ancientmonarchies fall to
the ground under the public breath. Almost no
force, no violence, no aims were necessary to
accomplish so great and so extraordinary an event
in human progress. But what do we see now?
Why, if there had been in Europe the requisite
wisdom—thatjust view ofthe subject which I hope
and have every reason to believe prevails through-
out our own land, then was the time, then was the
opportunity which every lover of liberty might
have embraced to work out the great change in
political condition go much, desired*   Then they'
might have built up free institutions, and estab*
lished them jpermanently. But, I regret to say,
they failed, signally failed; and is it not to be .as-
cribed to a deficiency of those moral elements
which are indispensable to the maintenance of pub-
lic liberty? There was an absence of that intel-
lectual discipline-which prepares the public mind
to act with harmony in the attainment of great
objects, nor did the people seem to be able to -take
that comprehensive view of this subject which js
indispensable to build up and sustain free govern*
ment in the place of the absolutisms which they
had prostrated. It is lamentable that it is so. No
one can deplore it more than I do.
But may we not learn a lesson from facts of this
sort which may be of some importance to us ?
Suppose that instead of these thrones crumbling
to the earth in the manner they did, they had been
prostrated by war, overtured by the intervention
of the sword and bayonet; would the people,
then, have been any better prepared to build up
and sustain free institutions.? No, sir. pubhG
liberty ripens like the fruit upon the tree, and it is
in vain to attempt to hasten it except by moral
and pacific means. And giye me leave to say,
that whenever force and violence interfere witft
a view to hasten a people into the enjoyment of
liberty which is not fitted for it, however patriotic
the feeling may be, and however strong the desire
for the enjoyment of public liberty, it ordinarily
ends in swinging from one form of absolutism into
another, and thus removing the day of deliverance,
further away. Do we not see this in Prance now?
How long is it since the constitution, which wa$
deliberately adopted, was overthrown and pros-
trated in the dust in a single night? It is only a
few days since we received the intelligence that
that constitution is in the dust, the Executive
Department of the Government having abolished
the Legislature and returned to the imperial model,
All I wish to say at this tjme is, that when
we are treating of this subject, do not let us
delude oui selves with the idea, that force and vio-
lence can, unaided by fitting moral and mental
preparation, propagate free institutions. There
must be a preparation in the public mind for su,cfy
an event. The public mus£ have the requisite in?
telligence—it must embrace and understand the
subject itself, in order to enable it to execute a
purpose of this sort. If they have not this com-
prehension, all measures of force are not only
1 wasted, subserving no efficient purpose, but are
I positively injurious. I hope this subject will be
1 discussed and examined with calm consideration,
and that in the end the policy of the Government
which has hitherto sustained us may be vindi-
cated .
I do not stand here to say that no case, can
arise in which intervention may not be appro-
priate. I can understand that a case may arise
when it may become a proper, if not the only,
remedy. I can imagine that combinations may
exist to suppress free government—combinations
to overwhelm us in detail; but I see at this time
no distinct evidence of such a purpose. When
that day comes, and pome it may—when that
great issue is made, which is so much talked ofj
between absolute and free governments, we know
where we shall be. We understand what part
we shall espouse. But that day will come fast
enough of itself, without our undertaking to hasten
t it. There will be nothing gained by undertaking
| to hasten it by wars and violence. On the con-
i trary, much mischief may be accomplished in that
; way, by arousing the very spirit we deprecate. I
: do not wish to go into any discussion now; but I
I thought this was the appropriate time to throw
• out the views which I have suggested. I am in-
j different as to what disposition is made of this
memorial.
i Mr. MASON. I will* detain the Senate but a
' few moments. I entertain the impression which
I expressed when this proposition was first sprung
upon the Senate, that this memorial ought not to
have a reference. And the first and insuperable
objection is, that it asks the Senate to do what it
is not competent for it to do—it asks the Senate to
recall a minister. I have read the petition, and it
is coram noil judice. If it should be referred, the
committee could do no more than to say that it
was not within their jurisdiction. But I &avean?
other and still stronger objection, if.a stronger one
| could be made to its reference. Sir, the.cormmi-
