186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2,
nication that takes place between nations through
their respective representatives is one of national
courtesy alone. The President of the United
States is the organ, and the only organ, of this
Confederation in that respect. When he thinks it
advisable or proper, in the discharge of his trust,
to recommend that we should have a minister in
one of the nations abroad, he does so upon his
own responsibility as President; if Congress agree
with himj they make an appropriation to maintain
that minister. If it be important—and I need not
say to the Senate that it is of the highest import-
ance—that the departments of this Government
should proceed harmoniously, and not interfere
with, much less encroach upon the rights of the
others, it is most important that it should be so
between the President and the Senate. If this
Industrial Congress, or any other body of men,
think a minister should be recalled, let them ad-
dress the President. But if we give their memo-
rial a reference, it will be to that extent, at least,
(considering that we have entertained the proposi-
tion made,) to give consideration to that which, in
my judgment, the Senate ought not to entertain,
becauseitdoes not come within their proper sphere.
I will not go info the matter discussed by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,]
as to the character of the present French Govern-
ment, or what it may or may not become this
Government to do. If I should say anything, I
should say that the experience of the world will
show, for the last half century, that the French
people at present are incapable of self-government.
Ever since the present century began we have had
that demonstrated to us; butas to that, I have now
nothing to say. I am against intervention in every
form, whether intervention to prevent intervention,
or intervention direct. This is intervention in a
modified form. But, for the reasons which I have
presented, with great deference, to the Senate, I
think the committee, if this memorial were referred,
could make but one report—that is, that the sub-
ject is not a proper one to come before this body.
\Vhen the time comes—and we are aware that a
resolution has been submitted bv the Senator who
introduced that memorial—for the subject to go to
that committee, they will, I have no doubt, avail
themselves of the opportunity to make known their
views upon the whole subject. I renew the mo-
tion to lay the memorial upon the table.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 21, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Berrien, Butler, Clarke,
Clemens, Cooper, Dawson, Downs, Geyer, Gwin, Jones of
Tennessee, King, Mallory, Mangum, Mason,Morton, Rusk,
Sebastian, Smith, and Underwood—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, BraiHmry, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Feleh, Hamlin, Jones of
Iowa, Norns, Shields, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Wlnt-
conil)—14.
So the memorial was laid on the table.
Mr. DAWSON, when called upon to vote, said:
As this seems to be a test question, in order that
my views may be understood I must vote to lay
the memorial on the table.
reports from standing committees.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill to change
the times for holding the district courts of the
United States in the western district of Virginia,
and for other purposes, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill to authorize notaries public
to take oaths, affirmations, and acknowledgments,
in certain cases, reported it without amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill giving
further remedies to patentees, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred a bill to create a
Board of Commissioners for the examination and
payment of claims against the United States grow-
ing out of the conquest of California, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill for
the relief of Richard Charey and others, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of Rufus Dwinel, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief.
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading, and the report ordered to be printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill to
provide for the unpaid claims of the officers and
soldiers of the Virginia State and Continental
lines of the revolutionary army, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also submitted a report on the subject; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill for the
relief of the widow of Major A. M. Dade, re-
ported it back without amendment.
bills introduced.
Mr. DAWSON asked and obtained leave to
bring in a bill to provide for payment to the State
of Georgia for moneys expended by the State for
horses and equipments lost by volunteers and mil-
itia whilst engaged in the suppression of the hos-
tilities of the Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee In-
dians, in the years 1836, 1837, and 1838; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DOWNS asked and obtained leave to bring
in a bill to grant the right of preemption to set-
tlers on the public land known as the "Maison
Rouge Grant;" which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
judicial system in new mexico.
Mr. DAWSON asked and, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend
the act entitled "An act proposing to the State of
'Texas the establishment of her northern and
' western boundaries, the relinquishment by said
' State of all territory claimed by her exterior to
' said boundaries, and of all her claims upon the
' United States, and to establish a territoral gov-
' ernment for New Mexico," approved September
9th, 1850; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER subsequently rose and said: A
bill was referred a moment ago to the Judiciary
Committee which ought to have been referred to
the Committee on Territories. That committee
has heretofore had cognizance of all territorial
business. I do not wish to take work off other
people's hands. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill introduced by the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Dawson] was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAWSON. It is to amend the judicial
system in the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. BUTLER. I recollect that when this sub-
ject was up before, some gentlemen said it was a
judicial question; but it was taken from the Judi-
ciary Committee by a vote of the Senate. All the
bills in reference to California arid the Territories
at the last Congress were taken from the Judiciary
Committee and referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories. As the Territorial Committee has had
the whole subject under consideration, and as the
Senate took the subject from the Judiciary Com-
mittee, I do not wish it to be referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Mr. DAWSON. The Judiciary Committee is
the proper committee to which should be referred
all matters relating to the judicial system of the
country.
Mr. BUTLER. I trust that my friend from
Georgia will acquiesce in my motion, and let the
subject be referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries. If he knew as much of the history of the
matter as I do, he would not resist my motion. If
this subject had not before been taken from the
Judiciary Committee, I should not now object to
its reference to that committee.
The question being taken on the motion to re-
consider, it was found there was no quorum pres-
ent.
After waiting a short time without obtaining a
quorum,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 2, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Wednesday was read and ap-
proved.
regents of smithsonian institution.
The SPEAKER. In pursuance of the act of
Congress, I beg leave to announce the names of
the following gentlemen as the Regents of the
t( Smithsonian Institution:" Messrs. Coi.cock, of
South Carolina, Fitch, of Indiana,and Meacham,
of Vermont.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. BRENTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I wish simply to have the Journal corrected
in two particulars. I find that I am recorded on
the Journal as having voted in the negative on
Wednesday last on the motion to lay on the table
the appeal of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] whereas my vote should have been in the
affirmative. I find myself again reported as hav-
ing voted in the negative on the passage of the
resolution stopping debate, when it should have
been in the affirmative.
There being no objection, the corrections were
ordered to be made in the Journal.
mr. parker, of indiana.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, stated to the House
that Mr. Parker, of Indiana, was confined to his
bed with sickness on Tuesday and Wednesday
last, which would account for his absence from
the House.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the call of committees for reports.
Mr. CARTTER. I would inquire whether it
is in order during the morning hour to more that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole?
'/She SPEAKER. It is in order.
m , louis kossuth.
Mr. CARTTER. Then 1 move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Let us go into
committee upon private bills.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Cartter, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. Under the decision of the
committee at its last sitting, overruling the decis-
ion of the Chair, and declaring'that the resolu-
tion introduced by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] was the unfinished business at the pre-
ceding sitting of the committee, the Chair will so
consider it on the present occasion.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it necessary to make a
motion to take it up, or proceed as of course?
The CHAIRMAN stated the question as fol-
lows: The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter]
had offered the following resolution, viz:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed by the
Speaker to wait upon Louis Kossuth and introduce him to
the House of Representatives.
Mr. Venable had moved the following, as a
substitute therefor, viz:
That the Speaker be authorized to invite Louis Kossuth
to a privileged seat within the House.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Church-
well] had moved to amend the original resolution
by adding thereto the following, viz:
Proiiderl, That by the adoption of the above resolution
a compliment is only intended to the distinguished Hunga-
rian.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Yates] had
moved to amend the amendment by adding thereto
the following:
And that snid committee be instructed to inform Louis
; Kossuth that the Government of the United States will not
j look with indifference on the intervention of Russia, or anv
: other toielgn Power, against Hungary, in any struggle for
[ liberty she may hereafter have against the despotic power
' of Austria.
And the pending question is upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Yates] to the amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Upon that I
ask for tellers.
Mr. YATES. With the consent of the com-
mittee, I wish to withdraw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It cannot be done without
unanimous consent.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object, be-
cause I want to know how many will vote for it.
Tellers were then ordered; and Messrs. Davis,
of Indiana, and Briggs were appointed.
