1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
It was reported by the Committee on Finance
with a number of amendments.
The PRESIDENT. The first amendment oc-
curs in the first section of the bill, and is as fol-
lows:
" For completing the floating dry-dock at San Franci-co.
Cahiorma, authonzed by act of 3d March, 18.">L, ^360,000."
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it will, per-
haps, facilitate the passage of this bill, if I ex-
plain its objects and' purposes before we enter
upon it, and endeavor to define the relations which
Congress and the Executive Departments hear
towards it. So much has been said elsewhere m
relation to the propriety of passing any deficiency
bill at all, and so much is likely to be said here in
relation to it, that it seems to me that it will per-
haps save time if I were to open the consideration
of the bill with an explanation of its objects and.
purposes.
It has been objected that there ought not to be
any deficiency bill; that enough ought to be es-
timated in the beginning and that the Govern-
ment should confine itseif to the appropriations
which were then made. Experience will show, if
we look back, that the Government has never been
able to confine itself to the sum originally appro-
priated; and, sir, when we look to it, we will find
that this capacity m Congress to pass deficiency
bills may be eminently useful and seiviceable.
The deficiency bill grows out of a change m the
fiscal year—a change made in the year 1842. Be-
fore that time, when appropriations were made
for the fiscal year, we used to have constantly—
certainly, from 1820—two bills, the first a partial
appropriation, the second an appropriation in full.
"Whoever will refer to the bills of appropriation in
the Synoptical Index of the Laws will find abun-
dant evidence of this fact. The first, or partial
appropriation, "was made that the Government
might be supported until the full appropriation was
made by Congress, so ay to give them time to dis-
cuss it. They came then m this order—the par-
tial appropriation first, and the full appropriation
afterwards. But when the fiscal year was altered,
and made to commence on the first of July, this
order was changed; first comes the appropriation,
which purports to be a full appropriation for the
year, and then comes the deficiency bill, that is
to say, the partial appropriation.
Now, I say that this faculty, this capacity to
pass a deficiency bill is eminently useful. With-
out it Congress could not trim down the estimates
as they ought to do. Without it, neither Con-
gress nor the Executive could make those experi-
ments towards economical reform which would
be practicable, when we know that we can, at any
timethereafter, passadeficiency bill to remedy any
mistake or error which would occur. Indeed, the
necessity oftlnscapacity to provide for deficiencies
I cannot better illustrate than by reference to the
history of this v ei y bill. Whatever isindispensable
in it ongmates mainly m this—I now speak of those
items which are most essential and impoitant—
namely, in the necessity for the military appropri-
ations. The House of Representatives last year
were discontented with the estimates for the Navy
and War Departments. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Wavs and Means addiessed a letter to the
Secretaries of the VVarandthe .Navy Departments,
at the request of the committee, requesting them to
diminish their estimates. The Secretaries replied
that they couid not do so. They did not think
their estimates were too high. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means addressed
another letter, saying that the committee were de-
termined to reduce, and asking them to designate
the items upon which the reduction could be made.
The Secretary of War declined, and said that the
whole amount was necessary. The Secretary of
the Navy did designate some items in his esti-
mates, and the committee made the reductions.
In relation to the quartermaster's estimates in the
Army, the House cut down one half, striking, as
they themselves said, m the dark. Now*, I never
would (although it is true these hills came up to
the Senate too late to give us much time for action)
have taken the responsibility of recommending' the
Senate to pass an appropriation bill with only half
the estimated items, if I had not known that if any
mistake should occur, we would have the power
to remedy it m a deficiency bill. Knowing that,
I concurred in the movement of the House most
cheerfully, for I believed that the estimates were
too large. I believed that the admonition would
be wholesome and do good. And I think such
was the result, 111 point of fact, h did good in this:
the Secietary of the iNavy, for the must part, con-
fined himself within the reduced appioprmtion.
The estimates that are now made for the deficiency
Oil!, added to the appropuations winch are made
for this fiscal year, do not quite amount to the sum
estimated in the quartermaster's depaitment; for
instance—there is one large sum of ^50,000 for
incidental expenses stricken out, for winch no es-
timate is made m the deficiency bill.
But that is not all. I think i shall show, as I
proceed m the history of the matter, that whatever
reforms have been made—whatever steps have
been taken towards reform—(and some have been
taken) ha\ e ongmated since the criticism on the
estimates of last year, and probably originated out
of the action of Congress.
But there is another objection to the deficiency
bills, and that is, that it is sanctioning the Execu-
tive in pursuing a course contrary to law. We
pass a law, saying that we appropriate so much;
and if we allow the Executive Department to ex-
pend more than the sum thus applied, it is said
that we sanction them m departing- from the law
made by Congress, and thus set a dangerous pre-
cedent. if that were so, 1 should acknowledge
the force of the objection, but i had occasion the
other day to read the section of the act of 1S2U,
in which it was provided—
" Til at no contract shall herraftei be made by tljo Secre-
taries 01 estate, oi the Tiea^uiv, m the Depaihnentot War,
or otthe Nav-), except under a iaw autlionzii)^ tin- same,
or undei an appiopriatnm adequate toiU iulhllment; and
excepting, aUo, contract- ioi s.ibMj tnii; and clothing the
Aiinv 01 Navj, and conuacN for die qtiaiteunasterV de-
paitment, which may he made by the Seciutanus oi tlio&e
Depai tinents."
It was obviously necessary that such a power
should be reposed in the heads of the Depart-
ments, to keep our troops from suffering—to keep
them from mutiny, from the want of necessary
supplies. These are the most essential liems in
the bill; and indeed the public service would not
suffer greatly, though it would somewhat, if you
were to strike out every other item except those
m relation to appropriations for subsistence and
transportation. Most of those items come under
that law. I know there are some things m the
deficiency bill which cannot be deemed indispensa-
bly necessary at present—home which, 111 my
opinion, ought not to pass; some, again, which
were put m it by the committee because they must
be paid either in this fiscal year or the next, as
they were certainly due, or certainly to be re-
quired, during the one year or the other. Some
matters included here were omitted 111 tho appro-
priation last year, and now added, because we
shall certainly have to put them either in this bill
or m that for the next fiscal year. For instance,
we now make theappropnatiun of ^3G0,000 for the
dry-dork in California, instead of providing for it
m the regular bill of the next fiscal year. It is put j
m this, because if will be necessary to provide for j
it some time or other. The dock was finished
sooner than it was expected, and we were asked
to put it here, and take it out of the general appro-
priation bill for the next year. 1 say, with the
exception of items of that character—and one to
which 1 am opposed, that for the Collins line of
steameis—the essential provisions of the bill re-
late to the estimates for the quartermaster's depart-
ment; for the contracts which they were allowed to
make, without any special appropnation, under
the law of lb*20. So much for that objection.
But there is another objection. It is urged by ;
many—and 1 believe it is a reason which induced j!
many gentlemen to vote against this bill m the j
House of Representatives—that the expenditures '
have been extravagant; and that, if they vote for '
this deficiency bill, they aie admitting that the
Executive Departments have made these expend-
lturcs properly, and that they are economical; ,
and so believing, they could not vote for it. If I :
believed that £uch was the issue upon the vote j
upon this bill, it would affect my course in relation .
j to it: for I cannot lay my hand on my heart and j
say, that I believe that the expenditures have been ,,
! moderate, and proper, and economical. But that
is not the issue presented to us upon the passage '\
of this bill. What would be the consequence of ,
our refusing to pass it? Why, the Army would '
be without forage, or subsistence for the horses,
and the necessary means of transportation. They |;
would have to sell the public property, beasts of \l
burden, horses, &c., to get those means; and
then, when we come to make an appropriation for
the next fiscal year, we shall have to buy them
over again—thus subjecting the Government to
five times the expense, if we refuse to pass the
bill, that we should incur by adopting it, even
admitting that many of the items cover extrava-
gant expenditures. It may be asked, then, what
is the remedy? lias Congress to an with its hands
tied? Is it to make appropriations when it believes
the expenditures have been extravagant? lias it
no remedy ? There is a remedy: and that remedy
is with the people. Let each branch of the Gov-
ernment discharge its duty, within its appropriate
sphere. Each is responsible to the common con-
stituency, the people, for the mode in which they
have discharged their duties. And what is the
duty of Congress? It is to appropriate only to
necessary and proper objects; to appropriate to
no object which is not necessary and proper. And
when the appropriation is made, it is the duty of
the Executive so to disburse it, that the Govern-
ment shall receive the worth of a dollar for every
dollar expended.
But suppose that, by lavish and wastefulex-
penditures, the Government does not receive the
worth of the dollar, but only ten cents to every
dollar, what is the remedy ? It is for Congress to
expose the fact before the people; and we have
never yet had, in my opinion, and I hope we never
will have, the Administration which would not
feel the full weight of its responsibility to the peo-
ple. I believe that this, in the long run, would
prove an adequate remedy for abuses of this sort.
I acknowledge that the process is slow. But what
are we to do, except for each to keep withm its
; appropriate sphere, and discharge its own duties.
J The theory of our Government supposes a certain
| discietion to belong to the Executive, and for its
exercise he is-responsible to those who elected
1 him. Congress is not responsible for the mode in
j which the money is expended. Could Congress,
j when it made theappropnations for the year 1849,-
1 have foreseen and provided against the fact that an
I escort was to be sent across the plains to carry
Mr. Collyer to California, to carry a collector to
his post, at an expense of $34,000 or £35,000, with
| such a cortege and equipage as might have befitted
a Persian satrap, going to his province? Could
Congress, when it made the appropriation for the
quartermaster's department, for the same year—
1849—have foreseen that barracks would be put
up in California out of lumber at $500 a thousand?
Could Congress provide against the fact that the
army m New Mexico would be posted in towns
where everything was expensive, and difficult to
be obtained, instead of being posted in places
where they could have easy access to fuel and pro-
visions, and have the means to obtain them upon
cheaper terms? Could Congress foresee or pre-
vent the fact that one quartermasferin New Mex-
ico should have expended, in the fiscal year end-
ing .Tune 30, 1851, for forage alone, $566, 92?
, when, in the year 1844, I believe, the whole of
| the expenditures for the quartermaster's depart-
, merit was not quite $900,000. (See Quartermas-
ter General's Report for 1K5U.)
Mr. BRODHEAD. What is the name of that
quartermaster?
J Mr. HUNTER. His name, I believe, though
I am not sure, is Reynolds. The name is not
gjven, but the amount is. He was an assistant
quartermaster in New Mexico—not California, as
1 stated, by mistake.
A Senator. Was it at one post?
Mr. HUNTER. There were about seven or
eight posts. I will refer to the papers to get at
the exact state of the case. I find that tins expend-
iture was for forage m military department No.
9, New Mexico.
I was asked what was the entire expenditure of
the quartermaster's department in New Mexico,
for the year ending June 30, 1851? I believe it
was $S06,154. But I will come to that subject
presently. I have merely referred to these items
for the purpose of showing that it is impossible
that Congress can be held lesponsible for the mode
in which the money was expended, and that its
sole responsibility was, m appropriating money
only for necessary and proper objects, and in pro-
viding the sums necessary to carry them out, even -
although thev might be somewhat too large, owing
to maladministration. But, sir, I have been asked
in private, what is the remedy, if there has been
