1852,
the congressional globe.
187
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported-^ayes 7; noes 111.
So the amendment to the amendment was re*
jected.
Mr, STANLY. I wish to submit the follow-
ing amendment to the amendment, vizi
Resolved, That in adopting this resolution this House
does not believe that Louis Kossuth, noblystrugghng in be-
half of his oppressed country, has given his approbation to,
or has any sympathy with the Abolitionists, who, in a con-
vention recently held in Pennsylvania, at which an address
was delivered by one of the members of this House, with
a wicked disregard of the obligations of the Constitution
and laws of the land, proclaimed that they sympathized
With Kossuth is his heroic devotion to the cause of human
freedom, « and expressedthehope that hisherculeanlabors
in this behalf would conduce to the overthrow of oppres-
sion not in Hungary alone, but in the United States and
throughout the world."-
Mr. S. said : I am glad to see that some gentle-
men in this part of the House are satisfied with
that resolution, and I hope they will vote for it.
I shall not vote for the resolution of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] as it now stands.
1 wish to do all that courtesy requires. But in the
first place, we have not had an opportunity of
presenting our views upon this question of national
intervention, and then again because a demand has
been made in a solemn form, to give to Louis Kos-
suth the aid and influence of the Abolition soci-
ety. I have regarded his movements with a great
deal of interest since his arrival in this country,
and had I been here when the resolution of wel-
come from the Senate was passed, I might have
voted for it. "Since then I have had my eyes
opened, and I think it is time for every gentle-
man here, especially from the Southern country,
to pause and see what they are about. Now look
at the state of things on this floor! Who are the
most strenuous and foremost in advocating this ;
resolution? Who most ardent in violating all
rule, and then sanctimoniously talking of good
♦ behavior? Is there an Abolitionist here, who is
not urgent in demanding that Louis Kossuth shall
be privileged to admission in this House? The
honorablememberfrom Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] and
from Massachusetts, [Messrs. Mann and Ran-
toul,] and others, are most earnestin aiding to stifle
debate, and welcome Kossuth. One of the gentle-
men from Massachusetts, who sits near the door,
[Mr. Rantoul,] has said that Kossuth was a
" State-rights man." A new idea of State rights!
That gentleman iattained his present position by
his opposition to the fugitive law, which he de-
nounced as violating " State rights." Louis Kos-
suth is proclaiming in his speeches, that he is a
" State-rights" man. What is the meaning of this
new doctrine ? Do the gentlemen from Ohio and
Massachusetts, [Messrs. Giddings and Rantoul]
think the late Abolition convention in Pennsylva-
nia were advocating State rights in adopting the
resolutions I hold in my hand, and will insert in
my remarks? I wish I had time to read them.
[From the National Intelligencer of Dec. 23d, 1851.}
At a Convention of "the members and friendsofthe
Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery Society," held at Philadelphia
lasl week, and said to have been " largely attended," and
at which addresses were delivered by Hon. J. R. Giddings
and the Rev. Wm. H. Furness, the following resolutions
were passed, which appear to us to be too significant to be
withheld from our readers:
Resolved, That we heartily congratulate one another,
and the friends of liberty throughout the land, upon the
auspicious result of the leuent trial of Castner Hanaway ;
and that the efforts to revive in this country the obsolete
and infamous doctrine of constructive treason, and to par-
alyze, by the terrors of the dungeon and the scaffold, not
meiely the fugitive's cherished hope of maintaining his
freedom, but even the liberty of the press and the freedom
of speech on the subject of slavery, have so signally failed;
and that, in the final rejoicing of the people, m view of this
result, we see an evidence of the progress of our cause,
and a sign of its future triumph.
Resolved^ That the Convention recommend to the Exec-
utive Committee of the Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery Society
to prepare an address, for presentation to Louis Kossuth,
expressive of sympathy with him in Ins heroic devotion to
the cause of human freedom, and of earnest hope that liis
Hcrcuiean labors in this behalf will conduce to the over-
throw of oppression, not in Hungary alone, but in the Uni-
ted States, and throughout the world.
A member of this House [Mr. Giddings] was
present at the meeting where they passed resolu-
tions congratulating the country upon the acquittal
of Castner Hanaway—one concerned in the Chris-
tiana murder—as being a sign of their success, and
indicating a repeal of the fugitive law. They also
passed a resolution, in which they expressed the
hope that the efforts of Kossuth "would conduce
to the overthrow of despotism in the United
States." Now, sir, what does this mean? How
are his efftfrts to aid the abolition of slavery in the
United States? Sir, I cannot go in such company
in honoring Kossuth t I fear I should reluctantly
consent to go to Heaven in such company.
[Laughter.] But I need have no apprehension of
that kind, for these State-rights men, in the
charnel-house Abolition party, are not bound in
that direction. I could not follow them, no matter
how sacred the flag they pretended to raise. I
should first desire to examine the foot of the
standard-bearer, to see if it was not cloven. I
could not believe such men were in the right path,
unless one rose from the dead, to assure me, when
I saw among their leaders, the members from
Massachusetts and Ohio, [Messrs. Mann, Ran-
toul, and Giddings.]
Mr. Chairman, I have heard it said that Aus-
tria, Russia, and'Haynau, had friends and advo-
cates in this House. I might, with propriety,
refer this unworthy remark to the gentlemen on
the other side. The author of it will find among
his political friends men of patriotism equal to his,
whose deportment he had better imitate, who are
as firm in their opposition to this resolution as any
on this side of the House. Gentlemen of both
parties are opposing it. Whigs and Democrats,
actuated by principle, firm, true, and unflinching
men, unite in opposing it. Sjr, if I were to say
of any one here, he spoke like one who had been
intimate with discussions at the Five Points in
New York, and there learnt his courtesy, I should
not be more unjust than he was, who charged
those who opposed this resolution as being friends
ofHaynau.
This matter demands careful consideration when
we see the course adopted by the Abolitionists.
When we see the proceedings of the Abolition
Convention, when we look to the Senate, and
there find Seward and Sumner taking the lead m
this matter, I pause to know what it means. It
is true that General Cass is with them, but Gov-
ernor Seward will beat him at that game out of
sight.
Not only in Pennsylvania, but Ohio, a man,
bearing the name of Kinkle, is collecting money,
and avowing he intends to aid in abolish sla-
very. I have seen several of the Ohio papers
publishing the proceedings of meetings in which
the Pennsylvania Convention finds aiders and
abettors.
I have only time to add, Mr. Chairman, that I
am willing to do all that courtesy requires towards
Kossuth: but it is due to him that his name be not
allowed to appear as sanctioning the wishes of
those who so unworthily are willing to injure him,
to give themselves some poor advantage. We are
by no means, sir, free from danger. Attempts
have been made within a year to invade the Island
of a power with whom we arc at peace—our
whole country has been agitated by the malig-
nant efforts of fanatics North and South—Canada'
is not always quiet, the world is seeming to be
unsettled, and a war is still proclaimed against the
South by the enemies of the country. Is this a
time for us to commit ourselves to Kossuth's doc-
trines? 1 think not. And my duty compels me
to vote against this resolution as it now stands.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have long known the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] who
has just taken his seat. I know his sentiments,
and the feelings of his heart. I have long served
with the gentleman here, and I receive all that he
has said in perfect kindness. 1 will say to him at
the commencement, very frankly, that he need
feel no trouble about going to Heaven in company
with those referred to, or alone. Indeed, I fear he
will never find the path there. [Laughter.] The
gentleman has not discussed any matter which is
before the House, but he has thought proper to
travel to Philadelphia and pick up some newspaper
article there to discuss in this Hall, instead of the
resolution which is under consideration. He ap-
pealed to me, as if he felt confident that he could
so far draw me from my propriety as to enter into
a discussion of that kind. In this he certainly
paid no compliment to my judgment. If he had
known me as well as I think he should have known
me, he certainly would not have flattered himself
that he could induce me to participate in such a
discussion on such an occasion as the present. I
thank him not for the left-handed compliment
thus paid to my judgment. He should have
known that no slaveholder or overseer could drive
me by the crack of his JSsh into such an impro-
priety. To the sentiments which I have at any
time expressed here or elsewhere, the gentleman
well knows I am ready on all proper occasions*
to respond and vindicate. The gentleman will
bear testimony to the promptitude with which I
have ever been ready to take up and answer any
attacks upon my opinions on every fitting oppor-
tunity. The gentleman shakes his head. 1 ask
the gentleman to point to a single instance in.
which I have ever failed to meet any gentleman
who has assailed my opinions in this Hall when
propriety would admit.
Mr. STANLY. You have now.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will do that on a proper
occasion, but not upon this resolution, and under
the five minutes rule. The gentleman knows that
the opinions which I entertain could not be ex-
plained, enforced, and advocated in a five minutes
speech. He is attempting to draw me into the
vortex of interminable debate* but I am not to be
caught in that way. He may, perhaps, catch
some younger opponent and drag him into this im-
proper discussion, but he might have known that
1 was not to be thus caught. I repeat for the for-
tieth time, that I will not discuss matters which
have no relation to the pending resolution. Sir,
have we not trifled with this subject long enough"?
We have injured our reputation in the eyes of
the American people by the revolutionary and dis-
organizing proceedings which were witnessed at
our last session. And for what? To prevent the
passage of a simple resolution in honor of Louis
Kossuth. A minority of this House, in which I
regretted to see my friend from North Carolina—
for I did not expect to find him in such company—
have resorted to revolutionary and disorganizing
measures for the purpose of defeating the will of
the majority. The country will mark it as an era
in the history of American legislation.
In conclusion, I will say to the gentleman from
North Carolina that here or elsewhere my opin-
ions are the same, and I shall be prepared to vindi-
cate them as soon as we enter upon the discussion
of the President's message. I shall then be most
happy to cross swords with the gentleman if it b£
his pleasure.
Mr. STANLY. Just as I expected. He backs
out.
Mr. STEPHENS demanded tellers, on the
amendment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ingersoll
and Briggs were appointed.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative—ayes 27, noes 92.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN moved to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, by adding
thereto the following;
Provided, That nothing in this resolution shall be con-
strued as impairing the eifeet, or questioning the policy of
the measures passed by the last Congress, known as the
compromise measures.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I raise the
question of order, that this amendment is not at
all pertinent to the subject-matter before the com-
mittee. It relates to the compromise measures of
the last Congress. J
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order, '
Mr. WASHBURN. I move, then, to amend
the amendment, by striking out the word " only."
The resolution of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] is but a compliment, and it seems to
me that it is a natural and appropriate sequence
of the joint resolution, which passed a few days
ago by the nearly unanimous voice of both Houses
of Congress. The opposition which this resolu-
tion meets with seems to me a very strange thing.
What does this resolution imply? What is it?
It implies just what it expresses—nothing more
and nothing less. It says that inasmuch as this
distinguished stranger has been invited to the cap-
ital, and is now at our gates, it is proper and fitting
for us to provide for his introduction and reception
here, in a manner worthy of ourselves and worthy
of him. It cautiously and studiously ignores the
question of intervention or non-intervention, and
all other questions. <And if it is strange that such
i a resolution should meet with opposition, it is still
: stranger to me that it should meet with the kind
of opposition which it has encountered here. Gen-
tlemen are not only unwilling to pass the resolu-
tion, but it seems as if they felt themselves under
