18 52.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S63
amendment it will be in order to oppose the ori-
ginal amendment.
Mr. STROTHER. With the leave of thecom-
miftee, I will withdraw my amendment.
There hem? no objection, it was withdrawn.
Mr. DUNCAN. I am opposed to the amend-
mentoffered by thegentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Caskie,] upon the other side of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. How many
speeches can be made upon this amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Campbell,] that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Strother] offered
his amendment, and made a speech for it. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] rose
and opposed it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There was an amendment
made to that, and two speeches made upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds, that
when the amendment was offered, the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Caskik] made a speech m
favor of it. Before any opposition was made, an-
other gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Strotiier]
rose and offered an amendment to the amendment,
and thei e was a speech for and against it. It was
withdrawn, and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Duncan] now rises to oppose the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Caskie.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I should like to ask if the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Strother] had not been withdrawn,
if he could go on and oppose the original amend-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. After it had been voted
down he could have done so.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. Such has not been the practice be-
fore this time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Campbell] rises to a question of order,
that an amendment to the amendment having been
offered before a speech was made in opposition to
the original amendment, it is not in order after-
wards to make a five-minutes speech in opposi-
tion to that amendment. The Chair overrules
the point of order. From that decision the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Campbell] takes an
appeal. The question now is, Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. DUNCAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Caskie,]
and T assign as a reason for the consideration of
the House—the reason which I assigned a few
days ago—that the improvement of the James
river was never in any manner brought to the
notice of the committee. I care not for the politi-
cal opinions of the gentlemen from Virginia who
represent that State upon the floor of this House.
It was perfectly in the power of the business men
at Richmond and other points upon James river,
interested in this navigation, to send up a petition
or to present themselves in person, and bring the
subject of that improvement to the notice of the
commit* ee.
Mr. McMULLTN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question. I will ask the gentleman if the
committee did not know the fact that estimates for
this river were provided for in the bill of the last
Congress2
Mr. DUNCAN. T stated that we had the bill j
before ns, but we did not consider it as the rule j
of our action at all. 1
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the gentleman if he
is not now satisfied that the subject has been
brought before this committee, and if it is not now
competent for the committee to take cognizan-e
of u ?
Mr. DUNCAN. The question then presents
itself to the House, whether they are prepared to
go into an examination and introduce an import-
ant amendment upon the floor of this House,
which has never been presented to the committee,
in preference to some fifty other petitions of sim-
ilar character for improvements upon the lakes
and elsewhere, which were presented to the com-
mittee, and which they felt hound to reject under
the restrictions which they imposed upon them-
selves in the formation of this bill. The gentle-
men from the remote lakes, and from various por-
tions of the country, have represented the state of
the respective improvements before the committee.
! say that if this House inserts the appropriation
for this river, at this tune, they ought to go
further, and make some fifty more appropriations.
Unless they are prepared to do this, I call upon
them not to make this appropriation—though it
may be a worthy one—for James river. I do not
undertake to say that it is not a proper subject of
appropriation; but when satisfied of that fact, I
shall certainly vote with great cheerfulness for the
appropriation of James river. It was impossible
for the committee to make provisions for all the
objects which they deem constitutional, necessary,
and important. It is only a question of time.
Those cases which are omitted this year may be
presented next year, and will then deserve, and I
hope receive, the favorable consideration of the
House.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, moved to amend
the amendment by striking ont "$45,000" and
inserting in lieu thereof *• §75,000."
Mr. C. said: I offer that amendment for the
reason that, in my opinion, there is no appropria-
tion that has been asked for, or presented to this
House, which is more entitled to favorable con-
sideration than the one which is now under con-
sideration. The sum of $45,000 is less than that
which is estimated for, and therefore 1 am willing
that it should be increased to $75,000, and even
more if it is necessary. IV] y intimate acquaintance
with the Slate of Virginia places me in a position
in which I may speak advisedly upon this subject.
The statistics relating to the James liver have been
already presented by a Representative from the
State of Virginia. It has been represented to
this committee that in point of importance the
post office receipts of the city of Richmond, chiefly
interested in this improvement, are perhaps greater
than those of any other city for the improvement
of whose harbors appropriations are asked, with
the exception of a few large cities upon the At-
lantic. The commerce of this river, and its anti-
cipated connection with the West, gives it, in my
opinion, an especial claim upon the consideration
of the House.
But if it be in order, and I rise cheerfully for
the purpose, I will say that, in my judgment, the
course of opposition to this and similar amend-
ments, is the most extraordinary that has ever
been presented to this House. Uentlemen from
the committee seem to assume that all the wisdom
of the House of Representatives is in their keep-
ing, and that this House should not take upon
itself to determine the propriety of considering
particular amendments. They all agree in the im-
portance of this particular provision, but because
the gentleman from the city of Richmond, who is
more particularly interested in it, did not follow
up that committee, and find out where their meet-
ings were, and insist upon this appropriation
which had been estimated for from time to time,
and which has been in every appiopriation bill
j for the last fifteen or twenty years, therefore it is
i not to be acted upon. I ask that committee why
• it is they have stricken out the appropriation for
j James river, that has been in all these bills ^ The
i Representatives from Virginia, and the people of
j Virginia, may very well ask why it is that the com-
j mittee have assumed to strike it out, without ask-
i ing the Representatives from that State whether
i there was propriety in it or not. I have not rny-
i self been before the committee. I desire appro-
; priations for my own State, and I did not know
! that it was expected we should go before the com-
; mittee. I thought all that was necessary forme,
and those who are interested in these appro-
! priations, was to satisfy the House of Represent-
! atives that it was proper, and being proper, that
; they would act upon it, without the necessity
, for the consent and sanction of a majority ot a
committee of this House. At the last Congiess,
T did apply to the Committee on Commerce, and
| is was then decided that the appropriation I asked
;i for wa<* not national Now, it strikes me as he-
! ing rather peculiar, that nothing was national that
i came from Florida, and this year 1 did not go he-
!! fore the committee, for I expected the same result,
j: But I hope to induce this House to take a differ-
ent view of the important interests in which my
1 i State is concerned.
JMr. ORR. i am opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from Florida. I have no disposi-
tion to debate it, and 1 ask that the question may
now be taken.
The question was then taken on theamendment
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, moved to amend the
amendment by striking out " $45,000," and in-
serting " #51,000."
Mr. B. said: As is very well known to this
House, I have always been opposed to this whole
system, I have never voted for any of these
bills, and if I ever had any difficulty in my own
mind as to the inexpediency, to say nothing about
the utter want of the constitutional power of Con-
gress to pass such appropriations—if anything
were wanting to satisfy us of its inexpediency, it
would be the course that the Committee on Com-
merce, that has reported this bill, has taken in re-
spect to it, if [ may judge of that course from the
remarks of my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Duncan.] What is it? He says that there was
no appropriation put in this bill for the James river
because the Representatives from Virginia did not
go before that committee to ask for it.
Mr. DUNCAN. I did not say any such thing.
I said there were no petitions presented for an ap-
propriation for that river.
Mr. BAYLY. Very well. The gentleman,
therefore, puts the neglect of the committee in
acting upon this matter upon the ground that the
people from the vicinity have not petitioned Con-
gress in respect to the subject. Well, now, sir, I
have made it an invariable rule of conduct on my
part, as a member of several of the committees of
this House, of which 1 have had the honor to be a
member, to put less reliance upon petitions from the
neighborhood, and less reliance upon the represent-
ations of members whose constituents are imme-
diately interested in the appropriation, than upon
anybody else's, because they are always interested
in making out the best case they can for their con-
stituents, which they invariably do. Their state-
ments are li ex parte." A better reliance for a
committee of this House on all such occasions is,
to take the responsible recommendations of the
Executive. There is some little responsibility
.there. Their estimates are not entirely made un-
der local influences. They are not entirely under
the control of local interests in these matters, and
it is no excuse to this committee that members
from Virginiadid not go to it, to whom they ought,
to some extent, to have turned a deaf ear, if they
had gone. They ought to have looked to the rec-
ommendations of the Department. 1 undertake
to say, that no river and harbor bill 
Mr. FULLER. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia allow me to say a word? The committee,
when they took np this matter, had recommend-
ations from the Department for a bill; and m those
recommendations, which the committee looked
at officially, there was no appropriation whatever
for James river; so that the attention of the com-
| mittee had not been at all called to it.
| Mr. BAYLY. Why did not the Administra-
tion make an estimate and recommendation? It
has always been done heretofore. Why has it
, been omitted now? No one can be at a loss to
! know.
! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair wishes to sug-
gest that this debate is entirely out of order. Both
I the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
i Bayly,] and the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
; Fuller,] are out of order. To be in order their
| remarks should so to show the propriety of
| striking out $45,000, and inserting $51,000.
i Mr. ORR. 1 am opposed to the amendment of
■ the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly:] but if
Congress is to adjourn by the 3Jst of August, the
, House should finish this bill to-day.
! The question was then taken upon the amend-
! ment to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
| Mr. MEADE moved to amend the amendment
; by striking out the sum of $45,000, and inserting
' <$53,000 in lieu thereof.
; ' The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will notify the
gentleman beforehand that he will have to confine
! himself strictly to showing why $53,000 should
|! be inserted instead of $45,000.
!i, Mr. MEADE. 1 think the Chair might as well
!' have waited until I had broken the rule before he
j| read me a lecture.
II Mv object in making an increase of the appro-
1 priatlon, is to show to this committee that this im-
' provementdeservesahigher sum than is contained
; m the amendment, and at the same time, to meet
; the objections urged by the gentleman from Mas-
j sachusetts, against any appropriation to this ob-
