1964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
jeet, and in doing so, I suppose I shall be in or-
der.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts has impliedly informed this House that every
appropriation contained in that bill has had a pe-
tition in us favor before the Committee on Com-
merce. That .of the hundred and odd appropria-
tions, large and small, contained in that bill,
every one was represented by a petition before
that committee. Do I understand the gentleman
from Massachusetts to make that assertion ?
Mr. DUNCAN. I never said anything of that
kind. I said that there were either petitions pre-
sented, or representations from members.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Virginia should confine his
remarks to showing the propriety of increasing
the appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be com-
pelled to sustain the point of order, for the remarks
of the gentleman from Virginia are not applica-
ble.
Mr. MEADE. Then how was the gentleman
from Massachasetts in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decided that
the gentleman was out of order.
Mr. MEADE. I do not wish to apnea! from
the decision of the Chair at all, but 1 wish to re-
mind this committee that the gentleman from
Massachusetts himself has admitted the propriety
of this appropriation in the course of his remarks.
This committee is perfectly satisfied of the pro-
priety of the appropriation, but if the bill be passed
at all, there is not a man in this House who does
not feel in his heart that the State of Virginia
should have an appropriation, and all that is ne-
cessary for us to do, is to satisfy this House, and
not the Committee on Commerce. Now, Mr.
Chairman, let me bring to the attention of the
House the fact that this improvement is absolutely
necessary to a continuation of the Imeof improve-
ments by which the products of the Mississippi
arriving by railroads to Petersburg and Richmond
are to seek foreign ports.
Mr. HOWARD. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, and in favor of the proposition of the gen-
tleman's colleague, [Mr. Caskik.] The gentleman
has said he cannot understand why the appro-
priation for this river was in the bill which
passed the last Congress, and excluded from the
estimates of the present session in the bill now
under discussion. To me, sir, it appeals to be a
very plain matter. There is a species of old fogy-
:sm in the heads of all these department, who re-
main in office permanently without being subject
to political change and the vicissitudes of party.
It becomes a life establishment upon which they
quarter all their friends. The head of the bureau,
therefore, feels an interest in having a moderate
bill which will be certain to pass, and furnish some
money to spend for the benelit of friends and em-
ployees. lie looks, therefore, rather to the success
of a small bill, than to any enlarged and liberal
consideration of the great public interests. The
character of the present bill is a very apt illustra-
tion of that fact. When the Department found
that objections worn made 'o the magnitude of the
bill which passed this House at the last session,
it is evident the Chief of the Topographical Corps,
commenced trimming up for the present session.
Hence we find the Department struck first at the
new States that could not vote very formidably in
Congress, and excluded from them several import-
ant subjects of improvementcontainedin the former
hill, especially m my own State; and m one in-
stance, when it had the approbation of the De-
partment at the last session, and in another where
there had been a regular survey and estimates sent
in.
Sir, the subject of the appropriation to the im-
provement of James river is another pregnant
illustration of this course and policy of the De-
partment. An appropriation for this work was
embraced in the bill of last Congress. It has been
thoroughly surveyed by an able officer of the Top-
ographical Engineers, and regularly estimated for.
Why, then, was it not embraced in the present ;
estimates and bill? It was well known that the Vir-
ginia members, with perhaps one or two excep-
tions, would not vote for the measure. It was, ;
therefore, expedient to distribute the amount to ;
some section where the Representatives would ,
pursue a different line of conduct. Hence, James !
river was given the go-by. In other words, the '
measure of justice to a State or district is made to
depend upon the sentiments of the Representa-
tives, or the voting strength of the State. Sir,
this monstrosity is enough to disgust the country,
not only with the present bill, but I fear with the
whole system.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Caskik.
Mr. ORRdeinunded tellers; which we e ordered;
and Messrs. St. Martin, and Fuller of Maine,
were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 83, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE offered the following
amendment to the amendment:
To the State of Kentucky to enable that State to continue
file improvement or' the navigation of the Kentucky river,
§150,000.
Mr. B. said: X have been a silent observer of
this debate, sir. I have taken no pint in it. i
have been a curious and interested observer of it.
In the early part of the debate allusions were occa-
sionally made to some principles which ought to
govern these appropriations; but for the last two
days it lias degenerated into a scramble for the
appropriation of mon -y among the different sec- i
tions and Congressional districts of this Union— i
just, sir, as you have seen boys scramble over the
division of gingerbread or apples.
In this state of the case, I feel it my duty to
come in and ask an appropriation for my district. :
I represent a district, sir, which is bounded in
part by the Kentucky river, four counties of which
lie, as it were, in the embrace of the Kentucky
river; and I feel that I should merit the condem-
nation of my constituents if I failed, while the
committee are proceeding upon present principles,
to ask an appropriation for them. I believe, sn,
the engineeis have made no estimates for the Ken- :
tucky river; but that la nothing. On looking over ;
this bill reported by the Committee on Commerce,
of which I have made an analysis, I find that the
majority of the appropriations recommended by
them have not been estimated for by the engineers,
in the printed reportaccompanying the President's
message, nor recommended by the Department.
Mr. FULLER. 1 would like to correct that
statement.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I cannot yield, for
my time is very short. My statement is strictly
correct. I have carefully analyzed this bill, and I
think quite as carefully as the Committee on Com-
merce themselves have. Neither, sir, did I go be- i
fore the Committee on Commerce and ask for an j
appropriation for the Kentucky river. I eonsid- j
ered that the committee were hound—contrary to !
the principles which have been announced by the :
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Du.vca.v]—•
to distribute appropriations fairly among all parts i
of the Union accoiding to the meats of the respect-
ive sections. I thought that wc should pass a !
national and not a local bill, for national and not !
local improvements; and that the Committee on
Commerce was as mwcli bound to know those ob-
jects which were national as a court of justice is
to know those laws which are general. I am em- '
boldened 'oy the passage of the amendment for the
improvement of James river, because I believe j
James river runs through a single State only, and
the Kentucky river runs through a single State 1
also. The committee will perceive, /ir, that 1 .
hav& not proposed that this money shall be appro- •
priated under the authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment,. I have asked for it for the State of,
Kentucky, to be appropriated under her authority. 1
Why? Because being neglected for a long series
ot years by the Federal Government, we under-
took ourselves to improve that stream, and we f
have made locks and dam^ in it, and partially im- !
nroved the navigation. The State of Kentucky -
has the juiisdiction over it, and theconijol of these j
locks and dams, ,
Now, if the money appropriated should bo ex- ,
pended under the authority of the Federal Gov- i
eminent, the Executive might take it into his head
to tear down these locks and dams, and improve :
the river after som'e other notion. We want this
money to be expended understate authority. The 1
improvement to be made with the money I ask
will be connected also after a certain fashion with ;
foreign commeice; and therefore my amendment !
must command the approbation and the vote of
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.] The
commerce floats from the Kentucky into the Ohio,
from the Ohio into the Mississippi,from the Mis-
sissippi into the Gulf of Mexico, and thence to
the markets of this country and of the world. It
is also an inter-State stream; that is to say, com-
merce will be borne upon the Kentucky river from
State to State; for high up upon its waters a rail-
road is now in process of construction—at least,
the stock is nearly all subscribed—and it will be
completed soon, to connect with the whole net-
work of southern railroads, by which passengers
and freight will be brought to the banks of the
river and transported to other States. Therefore
it is an inter-State stream upon the principle laid
down and acted on in this committee. I am will-
ing also to compare the tonnage of the Kentucky
river with the tonnage of many of the streams
embraced in this bill, or with the tonnage that,
enters many of the harbors embraced in it.
Mr. WALSH. When the honorable gentle-
man from Kentucky says that thecommittee itself
should have geographical information upon all
these subjects, he mubt mean, I presvme, that that
information should be furnished to the committee
by the gentlemen representing the different sections
of the country upon that committee. And in this
connection, as party allusions have been made to
this system, 1 would beg that gentleman and the
committee to rccollectthat the very rcspectablc and
able gentleman representing that section of country
on the committee, and appointed by the Speaker
of this House, is of the Democratic party, and
indulges in all the constitutional scruples held by
the gentleman from Kentucky. The gentleman
from Kentucky will hardly pretend that members
from the Atlantic border should he as well in-
formed upon the subject of western improvements
as the gentlemen from that section of the country.
So much for that portion of his lemtirks.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have no objection to
any of these improvements if the House can come
to a conclusion upon them upon evidence which
is sufficient to lead them to a just result. But the
appropriation sought for by this amendment—and
the same may be said of that sought for by the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, which
has just been adopted—is no better entitled to con-
sideration than fifty or sixty other appropriations
which have been shut out of this bill by the action
of the committee, and therefore, if it is inserted,
so far from this being a system of equality and
justice, it is in every respect the reverse. Some-
thing has been said about the chickens which have
been fed by the action of the committee. Sir, I
congratulate the House and {lie country that at
last the game chickens of old Virginia come under
the wing of the parent hen.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman\s lemarks
are taking entirely too wide a' latitude.
Mr. WALSH. Well, sir, if it is out of order
toexpress these congratulations, un finding that
Virginia is what Virginia was in former days,
coming in under the Constitution to participate in
all iis blessings, I proceed to say that there is no
safety but in reliance upon the leports of the
Department. I have no personal acquaintance
with the officers in that Department, but I answer
to the argument which has been enforced with so
much spirit and determination by the gentlemm
from Texas, [Mr. Howard,] that if those officers
are not to be trusted in the performance of their
duty—that if his charges are true, he owes it to
his position as a member of this House, lie own
it to the country 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair called thegen-
tleman from Texas to order when he was indulging
in remarks of this character; and hemust now c-dl
the gentleman from Maryland to order.
The Chair decides that these remarks have no
application to the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. WALSH. Tnen, sir, [ say that we can-
not proceed with safety in the execution of this
system, but by reliance upon the integrity nnd in-
telligence of those gentlemen who are in the em-
ployment of the Engineer department. If we can-
not rely upon tbem, either because of the want of
capacity or want of integrity, it is the business of
this House, as the great protector of the country,
to create a new Board more subject to just respon-
sibility, and who will be able to perform the duty
more effectually and honestly.
