JS8
Till CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Jan. 2,
?.n obligation to insult the distinguished stranger,
and wound the cause that they profess to have at
heart. Not content with opposing the resolution
in a fair, legitimate, and straightforward way,
they have resorted to every species of obstruction
and strategy to prevent us from coming to a vote
on the resolution. And for what? Simply to
stifle the expression of the feeling of the people of
this country in favor of Kossuth and his cause.
It would have been infinitely better that no reso-
lution had been introduced here, than that we
should have made such a record as will be made
—a record that will stand as long as this Govern-
ment shall last—a record that cannot be blotted out
or burnt out.
Gentlemen have endeavored to alter this resolu-
tion. They have stood here and chaffered and
bartered as to the amount of courtesy that is to be
shown to this distinguished republican. They
have tried how small a modicum of courtesy they
could get extended to him. Allusion has been
made to other distinguished individuals who have
been invited into this hall. But there has been no
case at ail parallel to this. Kossuth is hereby
invitation of Congress. He was brought here,
as the President informs us, under the authority
of Congress. In an Executive communication,
the President recommends that we shall consider
the manner in which this man, brought in by our
own authority, shall be received and treated. Be-
sides all this, we ourselves, by a nearly unani-
mous vote, have invited him to come here. He
has responded to that invitation, and is now here.
I say, then, that we can pass no less resolution
thgji this. This is not like the cases of Father
Mathew, Ujhazi, and others. No other individual
has been brought to our shores under the authori-
ty of Congress, been made the subject of an Ex-
ecutive communication to Congress, or been in-
vited here by joint resolution of both Houses.
The circumstances of the case are different, and
therefore our action should be different also. I
submit further, that it is better to let the naked
question go to the country than to qualify it. 1
Have voted against all amendments and qualifica-
tions, because I will not hnve an issue raised be-
fore the country independent of the question of
courtesy. If we adopt any qualification, we raise
an issue; on that issue we shall have to go to the
country, and it will be said by the people and the
press throughout the land that the House of Repre-
sentatives has as good as said, that should there
be another contest between Austria and Hungary,
Russia may isterfere as much as she likes, with
our consent. The adoption of a qualification of
any kind means something. You cannot add
anything that is unnecessary and out of place
without meaning something, and that is the trans-
lation that the country will give to it. Now, I
say that it is not wise for us to make such an
issue. It is better for the peace, quiet, and har-
mony of the whole country that we should pass a
simple resolution.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BARR.ERE. Coming as I do from a State
which is said to be favorable to this resolution,
and intending to vote against it, it is right and pro-
per that I should give some of the reasons why {
take that course. It is but proper that the friends
of the resolution should give us the reasons why
it should be passed, and I have had some anxiety to
ascertain wny it should be passed. One gentle-
man tells us that it is a mere matter of courtesy;
another, that it is a tribute to the great principles
of republicanism and national independence; a
third,that it is to indorse Kossuth's views of in-
tervention; and a fourth tells us that it is because
the executive officers of this Government have
not acred towards M. Kossuth with becoming de-
ference. As to the matter of courtesy, if any
blame attaches to the manner of his reception in
Washington,^ it attaches to the Senate's commit-
tee, who received him; and not to the executive
officers of the Government, or the minority in
this House. The President of the United States
and the heads of several executive departments,
have received and treated him with marked atten- I
tion and respect. I do not think that this pro- '
ceeding can be properly looked on in that light.
Gentlemen may get up here as rfiuch as they like, '
and say that they do not mean this or that; but the
construction that the country, our people at home, i
and the world, would put upon this resolution will j
be that we indorse this man's doetrines. ;
Now, what principle does he represent? If he
represents in these United States any principle at
all, it is the principle of intervention for the sake
of non-intervention, and further, one which has
not been remarked upon in this House, but
which I think more objectionable than any other,
and that is, that we shall acknowledge the inde-
pendence of Hungary—a nation that is not now
m existence; and, also, that we shall acknowledge
him as Governor of Hungary, when he voluntarily
resigned his office to a man whom his friends and
admirers in this House charge with being a trai-
tor to Hungary. If this mat) comes here as the
representative of any great principle at all, it is of
that. Are we to suppose that he preaches one set
of doctrines, when he intends to represent another?
Look at his speeches; if they contain the views
and doctrines which he intends our people to un-
derstand he came here to represent, then he is the
representative of the doctrine of intervention for
the sake of non-intervention. I do not blame
Kossuth. I undertake to say that I feel as much
sympathy for him, and admiration for his talents,
for his genius, and for the efforts he made in be-
half of his oppressed country, as any man in this
House. 1 undertake to say, that no man here
feels more for downtrodden humanity, wherever
found, than I do. The gentlemen who represent
the opponents of this resolution as the apologists
of Haynau, or any other tyrant, show little under-
standing of theintelhgence of the American people.
I am not to be swerved from my course, because
the great cities are in favor of this man's doctrine;
for I take upon myself to say, that the people of
the great cities are not so sound upon the political
questions of the day, as are the yeomanry of the
country. We are asked whether we are afraid
that Kossuth wants to lead the American people
away from Washington, and the policy of Wash-
ington. For one", l am not afraid, (.do not fear
that the American people would be led away from
the sacred policy of the country, even though the
American Congress should prove recreant to its
duty, and vote for all of Kossuth's propositions;
for I have no fears that any foreigner, however
distinguished, whether a whiskered Pandour, or a
fierce Hussar, or any other character, can lead the
popular mind of this great country away from its
allegiance to its long cherished and settled policy.
The hearts of the American people are still fixed
with pride and exultation upon Washington and
his policy.
Whilst, therefore, I am willing to extend to
Kossuth the hand of friendship; whilst I am
willing to do all in my power for downtrodden
humanity, I am not willing that the American
Congress shall commit itself to the approbation of a
set of doctrines which in my opinion are destruct-
ive of the maxims, views, and principles laid
down by the great founders of our Republic.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Wash-
burn's amendment to the amendment, and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I offer the follow-
ing as an amendment to the original resolution:
Aiirt that the Government <md people of the United
States sympathize with the people of Hungary in their
stru^ie for iiberty.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
strictly in order. The original resolution has lie
reference to Hungary, but to Louis Kossuth.
Mr. FICKJLIN called for the reading of the
resolution.
The resolution was read.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr, Stanton] is in order
J as an amendment to the substitute of the gentle-
■ { man from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable.]
j Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Being a friend to
the original resolution, I had not intended to oe-
|j cupy the time of the committee in discussing it,
! and I should not have done so had I not differed
1 from my colleague, [Mr. Barrere,] for whom I
j entertain a very high regard. It is the first time
I have ever heard it gravely argued that a simple
act of civility-—an exercise of the common hospi-
talities of life, committed a man to the sentiments
of his guest. This resolution contemplates a sim-
ple act of hospitality. Nay, it is not even that.
The two Houses of Congress have cordially
welcomed Louis Kossuth to the capital and the
country. He is now the nation's invited guest.
He stands before it in that position, and it cannot
be es«aped. This resplution—copied from one
passed by the Senate almost without opposition—
merely contemplates the formal mode of receiving
and entertaining him. It is as though you said,
when he reaches your door, " Walk in, and take a
seat." That is the whole effect of the resolution.
But it is argued that the adoption of this reso-
lution would commit this Congress and the nation
to the sentiments of their guest. Sir, I take it to
be no such thing. I will not clog this resolution
with anything that is inconsistent with it—with
anything that is equivalent to saying that we per-
form this act of civility reluctantly, grudgingly,
and hesitatingly, because that is the same as say-
ing that Kossuth is an unwelcome guest.
Some other things that have taken place in this
discussion are rather extraordinaryjto my mind.
Even though gentlemen are not disposed to inter-
vene in favor of Hungary or any other country, I
cannot see the necessity of avowing it before the time
arrives. The only effect of it can be to say to the
despots of Russia and Austria, "So far as we are
concerned, you have our approbation, indorse-
ment, and permission to go on and trample under
foot the nations of the European continent." For
one, I will hold out no inducements or encourage-
ment to the despots of Europe to trample down
the people there.
But I will do this; I am prepared to express the
sympathy of the Government and people of this
country in the European struggles for liberty. I
am prepared to interfere with every species of in-
tervention short of armed intervention; and whether
I will resort to armed intervention or not, I will
decide when the question shall properly arise. 1
will say, however, that I can hardly imagine any
contingency in which I would vote for a national
war, for I am opposed to wars of all descriptions;
but I am certainly opposed to declaring in advance
and before the occasion calls for it, that we will
under no circumstances intervene.
But, sir, as I have already said, that question is
not now before us. The question before us is
simply one as to the formality in receiving one
who is already the nation's guest. I shall vote for
this resolution because it is a simple form that has
been adopted by the other branch of the Govern-
ment, and I shall vote for it, too, as an additional
indication of the sympathy which we feel for the
downtrodden classes of Europe. Sir, I confess
I have been much surprised thatf upon a question
of this sort, involving no constitutional orpolitical
principle, and which commits the House and the
nation to no practical action that affects the well-
fare of the country, revolutionary struggles should
have been resorted to, and that a minority should
have placed itself in the attitude of a factious
endeavor to. defeat the passage of the resolution.
Now, if such a course is to be pursued upon a
question of this sort—if a minority is to rule this
body upon an unimportant question, may we not
expect the same power to be exercised on every
occasion; and is not the right of the majority to
govern in this House effectually stricken down ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLSON. I confess, Mr. Chairman,
that I am somewhat impatient of this protracted
discussion, and I should be entirely satisfied if the
committee would come at once to a vote upon the
propositions pending before it. I, for one, have
not engaged in any scheme, as gentlemen call it,
] to defeat the final action of the committee upon the
: resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cartter.] I have voted upon every division,
and therefore the censures, of which gentlemen
have been so lavish, are not applicable to me.
| The committee seem determined to adopt some one
j of the complimentary resolutions under conssider-
: ation, and I see no good that can result from mere
I delay; not that I am at all in favor of the resolu-
j tion of the gentleman from Ohio. On thecontrary,
! I am warmly and decidedly opposed to it, though
not altogether for the reasons that have been urged
I by those who have preceded me m the debate. The
; adoption of this resolution will not necessarily com-
: mit us to intervention in the affairs of Hungary,
j though there is a significance in the declarations of
I Kossuth, and in the remarks of several gentlemen
, upon this floor, which makes it dangerous to over-
i look this objection entirely. Nor do I see, as the
j gentleman from North Carolina" [Mr, Stani.y]
j seems to suppose, that there is any necessary con-
i nection between the question of slavery and a pub-
I lie reception of Kossuth. And I am sure, I need
