1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
and heeded in those distant regions, or else our
agents and officers will act on their own responsi-
bility, without obedience to what is desired or or-
dered here. But I believe that the expense of
keeping up an army in those distant countries
must be great—no matter who administers the
Government. I believe that there are great and
inherent difficulties in the case; and I think that
they have not been met in the true spirit of ad-
ministrative reform. I believe that they did not
begin in time; and that, when they did begin, they
did not -proceed with sufficient vigor. But I am
inclined to think that the appropriate committees
will have to turn their attention to this subject—
for it is impossible that the Finance Committee
can attempt it—for the purpose of devising such
measures as will enable us to defend these distant
possessions at less cost.
Sir, in Oregon we have already made grants of
land—why not adopt some system of military
colonization, so as to promote the settlement of the
country, and render its defense more cheap? some
plan which would in fact make the public lands in
that Territory support this expense, and in a mode
which would facilitate their settlement? This sys-
tem of military colonization was one of the modes
by which the old Romans defended their distant
possessions.
Austria now subsists seventeen of her best re-
giments on her "military frontier," where they
furnish not merelymilitary service to the Govern-
ment, but supply their own rations in considera-
tion of the occupancy of the land. I mention
these facts as instances of the modes in which
other nations conform their systems of adminis-
tration to the circumstances of the case, not as
examples to be strictly and exactly followed.
What should be the system that we should adopt
1 do not pretend to say. It has been suggested
that something is necessary, and I think the sub-
ject is worthy of careful consideration. In Cali-
fornia Geneial Jesup has recommended,on account
of the evil resulting from the desertion of the troops
rendering it difficult to defend the country, that
a portion of the men should be employed in work-
ingin the mines of gold, nearly the whole of which
belongs to the Government; and some portion
might, perhaps, be thus employed so as to furnish
the means for defending the country. How far
this suggestion may be worthy of consideration I
do not know; but I think it may be of some im-
portance. I understand that the Pueblo Indians,
in some places, have been driven away, and are
now swelling the bands of the roving tribes who
were menacing the frontiers of California. How
far these Indians may be made to subserve the
general object I cannot say, either by working the
mines, or as an auxiliary force in keeping down
the Indians—wild hordes who threaten the peace
of the country. But 1 believe it will be better to
employ them thus than to do as the Indian com-
missioners have done, by attempting to support
and feed them at the expense of the Government.
If we are to keep peace among them, so as to pre-
vent their destruction by war, and furnish them
also with food to support them, it is obvious that
they will increase faster than the whites, and the
more we do the more trouble we shall have. It
seems to me that something in relation to this mat-
ter must be done, and done speedily, m order to
diminish these expenses.
But 1 pass from matters merely conjectural and
speculative, and come to some facts which are
more immediately connected with this bill. I say
that the Department ought to push still further
the measure it has commenced towards making
the troops support and cover themselves.
Before, however, I pass from these matters, I
must say, in justice to General Jesup, that I do
not think he is responsible for most of the errors
to which I have referred. He could not post the
army, if the troops were placed in towns, instead
of places where fuel and forage were convenient.
He could do nothing less than transport the supplies
as ordered. If lie was ordered to transport sup-
plies by way of Indianola to Santa Fe, he was
obliged to do it, if it did cost twenty-two or twenty-
three cents per pound to effect it. I believe he did
not use the means in his power quite as well^as
he might have done; but it is very easy to criti-
cise at this distance of place and time—much easier,
I know, to criticise than to do; and I, at least,
shall not attach any censure to that officer for the
matters to which I have referred. I also say, in
justice to the head of the War Department, that
I think he has been endeavoring to reform abuses;
he has been making elforts to do so; but my
object is to point out the errors of the Adminis-
tration, not for purposes of attack, but in order
that they may be remedied. There is a class of
difficulties to which we are exposed, in regard to
which I must say, I tlnnk there is a want of
efficiency in the quartermaster's department. The
accounts of the quartermaster are in arrear ever
since the last quarter of the year 1847, and have
not been fully settled for five years. For that the
quartermaster is not responsible; butl went to the
office of the Third Auditor, and I found that there
were great and intrinsic difficulties in the way of set-
tling them, from the want of a proper promptness
and accountability in the quartermaster's depart-
ment itself. There was a system commenced
during the war—a system of drafts—under which
quartermasters draw on each other. Instead of re-
quiring that these drafts should be paid where
drawn, within a reasonable time, they were made
payable anywhere, and without giving any notice
to the accounting officer here. They were made
payable, m fact if not upon their face, anywhere,
and, I believe, have been paid at other points than
those upon which they were drawn; if drawn on
New Orleans, they might be paid in New York;
and thus they floated about the country as a kind
of bills of exchange; whereas it should have been
ordered that they should be made payable at a
certain place, and within a certain and proper
time. Under these circumstances, it became im-
possible to settle the quartermaster's department.
If accounts are not presented and settled at proper
times and at fixed periods, it is impossible to make
the rests and strike the balances often enough for
strict accountability.
It is indispensable that rests and balances should
be made periodically, and every exertion should
be made to cause them to report promptly. It is a
much more important matter than it seems to be;
for without it there can be no due degree of re-
sponsibility. 1 was shown, at the Third Auditor's
office, a pay roll upon which a clerk signed his
receipt for his pay by making his cross mark.
Another person, a teamster, signed his in the same
way; and yet there was a certificate stating ins
account, in which his name was signed m a good
clerical hand. I was also told that, in one account
there was found an error of $>25,000 in addition.
Another quartermaster brought in, during the Mex-
ican war, the accounts for at least eleven, and
perhaps thirteen quarters at one time. The con-
sequence is, that the accounts are all behindhand,
and no man can tell what the real amount of the
deficiency is. I do not believe there is a man in-
side or outside of the Department who can pretend
to make even a reasonable approximation to the real
amount. Accounts of deficiencies have come in
from California since this bill was leported which
will probably add largely to the amount already
estimate^. I asked General Jesup how much these
would add, and he said he could not tell till the
accounts were settled. 1 know that it is a difficult
thing to enforce order and strict regularity in those
distant States and Territories, and it is a matter to
be accomplished by degrees. It is, however, time
to endeavor to enforce a strict and prompt account-
ability. Without it the Executive cannot know
the condition of the public Treasury, nor can
Congress know in what manner and in what sums
to appropriate money, as 1 shall show more fully
presently. As long as this is the case, they are
indeed striking in the dark, as was said in the
House of Representatives, when they cut down
an appropriation one half. And who can blame
them for striking in the dark under such circum-
tances? for move with what care we may, we are
compelled to act without proper light and informa-
tion.
But why is it that these quaiteiinasters ac-
counts are in an eats in the Third Auditor's office
since the year 1847 ? I know that Auditor to be
an honest, industrious, hard-working man, and
that he found the accounts in arrears when he
came in, and has not had force enough since to
enable him to bring them up. He told me that it
was useless to give him any additional force, unless
he could have that kind of experience which was
required to make out these accounts. How can
we know what force to add, or where to add it,
unless we have some assistance from the Execu-
Ij tive Department? It is now more than a year
since the Senate, on my motion, ordered a call upon
the Executive to present some plan for equalizing
the salaries in the same grade of service, and for
reorganizing the clerks in the several Departments,
for the purpose of making the force more efficient;
and up to this day we have had no answer to the
call, although these facts and others were staring
them in the face.
I know something about the clerks in the Exec-
utive Departments. Some of them, I know, have
genius and talent and character enough- to fill any
post in those Departments, from the highest to the
lowest. I know that incompetent and idle men
are also to be found there—men who encumber
the Departments, and live as useless pensioners
upon Government. Good men are laboring there,
toiling sometimes by night as well as by day,
under the heart-sickening consciousness that no
degree of merit can insure them promotion, or al-
ways preserve the places which they already fill;
but that idle and incompetent men may be placed
over them merely because they can command more
political influence. If these Departments were
reorganized—if their modes of transacting busi-
ness were more systematized, and the machinery
so adjusted as to show by its working both the
competent and incompetent hands which it em-
ployed—and, above all, if this organization held
out a proper prospect of reward and promotion to
merit—the public business would be better per-
formed, and by fewer persons, and at less expense.
Sir, let the clerks once know that merit will be
rewarded, and that idleness will be punished, and-
you will soon see another and a different spirit
animating them. There is talent enough in these
Departments, if they were properly organized, to
make them such models of business establishments
as any Secretary who presided over them might
well contemplate with pride and pleasure. But,
sir, to effect this desirable end these Departments
must be so organized as to do justice; the em-
ployees must know, as every American citizen in
any other occupation knows, that the road to pro-
motion is open to them, if they are industrious
and honest and capable; and that if worthless and
incompetent, they must leave the places for better
men to supply. In doing this, we would not only
insure at less than the present cost a much more
efficient service, but we should elevate the charac-
ter and respectability, and increase the happiness
of the corps of clerks themselves; and I submit if
this be any small object. Is not a corps of effi-
cient and experienced clerks as essential to the
good government of our country as an army or a
navy? And yet, sir, notwithstandingthesecircum-
stances, which appeal so strongly not only to the
sense of policy, but to the humanity of those
who administer the Government, the call to which
I have referred has been slumbering in the Exec-
utive Departments for more than a year, and no
answer has been given to it as yet. Sir, surely
the condition of these Departments calls for some
amendment and reform. The Third Auditor re-
quires some additional force, and we oughtto give
him force enough to settle the current accounts
promptly as they come m, and to bring up the old
arrearages of accounts as rapidly as can well be
done. It is a shame that with an overflowing
Treasury we cannot state what is its true condi-
tion, or settle promptly the accounts of our public
seivants. What is so likely to demoralize the
public servicc as the want of strict and prompt
accountability on the part of the agents of Govern-
ment ?
But, Mr. President, this is not the only diffi-
culty. There have been innovations upon old
usages, in my opinion upon old laws, which have
been highly detrimental. 1 do not say that these
innovations originated with this Administration.
Some of them were ready-made to their hands, and
some of them, so far as 1 con ascertain, did originate
with this Administration—abuses which Congress
oughtto suppress. I shall show you some of the
reasons for the present confused state of our pub-
lic accounts, and how it is that we cannot act in-
telligently in relation to them.
We all know that in 1795 a law was passed, re-
quiring all balances of appropriations, with certain
exceptions, which were unexpended after two
years from their date, to be carried to the surplus
fund. Then, in 1820, we passed a law covering
cases in which these appropriations were drawn
by the Secretaries of the War and Navy, and 1 en-
quiring that they should be returned to the tuna
