1852.
ME eONail^iOMAL. &LOB®.
18*
not. say that my objection to the resolution pro-
ceeds in no degree from an unwillingness to bestow
upon the distinguished Hungarian any civilities
, which it might become us to offer. I oppose it as
a mere matter of good taste. I do not think it be-
comes an American Congress to bestow these hon-
ors upon any man. I supposed, when Kossuth
arrived upon our shores, that he would receive
those civilities—even those exaggerated hdnOrs
which our people are sometimes so ready to offer.
To all this there could be no serious objection.
He and they, in their character of private citizens,
stand upon a footing of equality. But, sir, the i
people of the United States, in their public, corpo-
rate, sovereign capacities, ought not to bow down |
before any created intelligence. I am unwilling
that the Representatives of thirty-one sovereignties
should dance attendance upon any mortal now
living. I object, then, to this resolution. I ob-
ject to it in substance and in phraseology. I will
not consent that a committed of five gentlemen of
this House, representing as it does the sovereignty
of thirty-ohe States, should wait upon—yes, that
is the.phrase—should ' 'wait upon Louis Kossuth."
It implies subserviency. It seems to exact the
customary service rendered by an inferior to his
superior. It is true, that in the view in which I
am presenting this subject, it is a mere question
of dignity; but ill national affairs, questions of
dignity are matters of importance. Junius has
well said, " the feather that adorns the royal bird,
supports his flight."
But, sir, is it one of the functions of an American
Congress to bestow honors upon men; and is it
altogether consistent with the genius of a repub-
lican government to do so ? It seems to me, sir,
to be eminently anti-republican. These things
belong to monarchies, but they are out of place
here. The President Montesquieu understood this
principle very well when he said that honor was
the chief spring of monarchical governments. The
framers of our Constitution understood it very
well, when they denied to Congress the power to
grant titles of nobility. But you seek to confer
honors—mere honors—when, as it seems to me,
the very spirit of our institutions forbids it. But
some gentlemen have said that these honors are
offered to Kossuth as the representative of a great
principle. Sir, what man can claim to be the rep-
resentative of a great principle ? Political equality
is of the very essence of our institutions; and no
man, whatever may be his advantages of fortune,
station, or intellect, can claim to be the represent-
ative of a principle, which belongs to the whole
community. But, sir, are honors ever bestowed
for other reasons than those now -urged by the
friends of this resolution ? It is always to the rep-
resentative of some principle, so to speak, that
they are offered, when they are conferred at all.
They are not given to mere flesh and blood, but to
rank, and wit, and piety, and to literary merit, or
military genius. These are sorue of the principles
represented by those upon whom the favor of the
monarch may be lavished. But it is not so with
us. Our republican theory is, that the agents of
the people are their servants. Office is not de-
signed to confer personal distinction, but to furnish
occasion for rendering public service. The only
orders they receive, are those they are required to
obey.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire of the Chair
what is the precise state of the question?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment pending
is that of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Churchwell] to the original resolution.
Mr. CLARK. I suppose it will be in order for
me to offer an amendment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order.
Mr. CLARK. On examining the pending
amendment 1 find that my amendment will not be
in order as an amendment to the amendment. I
suppose, however, it will be m order to offer it as
an amendment to the original resolution^
The CHAIRMAN. It will not be in order.
One amendment is already pending, and no amend-
ment is in order except as an amendment to that
amendment. „ . . .
Mr. CLARK. Then I desire to give notice
that I will offer an amendment to the resolution as
soon as I shall have an opportunity.
Mr. STUART. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the word " high" in the amend-
arttiftimfediately before the word " compliment."
Mr, S. said; As my amendment indicates, 1 do
not rise for the purpose of discussing the resolu-
tibn nor the many subjects, extraneous as I think,
Which have been brought in and discussed during
the many hciurs which this committee hav« been
in sesskfti, but I rise simply for the purpose of
saying, -tvith many gentlemen who have spoken
here, that I think it is due to ourselves that We
should' come to some definite action upon this sub-
ject. There is much which 1 should like to say,
both in the way of argument and in reply to the
many propositions which have been Submitted as
amendments to this resolution, and also in reply
to manyarguments which'liave been advanced, but
I repeat that it is not my purpose to do so. I rise
merely for the purpose of saying to those who
favor the adoption of the resolution, and those
who oppose it, Let as, as becomes the represent-
atives of thirty-one American States, proceed to
definitive action upon this subject, and proceed at
once. I hold myself ready to vote for any form
of words that suits any gentleman or any number
of gentlemen upon this floor, provided those words
are respectful ill their character, and do not carry
with them, either expressly or impliedly, a com-
mentary upon the course of Kossuth since he
arrived upon our shores. I offer these words
for the purpose of pacification. Let us meet upon
some common ground, that is objectionable to
none of us—with which we can all comply—and
let us adopt it. But do not—I ask it of the
friends of the resolution—insist so strenuously
upon any particular form of words as to render
our course obnoxious in the opinion of our oppo-
nents. And I ask of our opponents, that they will
not show themselves so punctilious as to insist
upon incorporating into this resolution—a mere
matter of hospitality—anything which is offensive.
Do not say to this distinguished man what you
would dislike yourselves to say to any man who
was approaching your domicil—" I am happy to
meet you and welcome you to my home, but I
despise your politics, I condemn your religion, and
1 have but a very slight opinion of your morality''—
for, sir, Louis Kossuth might well say, From all
such compliments as this " good Lord deliver
us." Now, I say—and it is all I rose to say—I
beseech gentlemen upon both sides of the House
to stop this debate; let us agree upon some form
of words—something that is acceptable to all, and
let us adopt it, and put ourselves right before the
country and before the civilized woild.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Compliments!
the gentleman says. If we do not pass this reso-
lution, unaccompanied with any proviso, Mr.
Kossuth may say: "Good Lord deliver me from
such compliments." Now, sir, I understand that
this gentleman, Mr. Kossuth, says that he does
not want your compliments.. He has not come
here to receive compliments. His mission is of
quite a different character. He has distinctly
made it known. He wants you to change the
policy of your Government. This is the issue
he made in New York. The same he presented
again in Philadelphia; and still again repeated in
Baltimore. And why should we pay a compliment
to any man, who says in advance that he will not
thank you for it—that he is for higher and more
substantial things than empty, unmeaning cere-
monies? Do we, or shall we, maintain our own
self-respfect, in tendering compliments under such
circumstances? Gentlemen may look upon it as
they please, but I cannot, for myself, consider the
passage of the resolution in any other light than
an indorsement, to some extent, of the principle
which he advocates. Any unusual mark of esteem
to any man engaged in any great work or enter-
prise, it seems to me, cannot be looked upon but
as expressing, in some degree, an approbation of
the cause advocated by the recipient of such dis-
tinguished tokens of respect.
But this, sir, goes to the merits of the resolu-
tion and the propriety of its passage. I did not
rise to discuss that now. My object is to repel
the charge that the minority in their action against
the majority in this matter are pursuing a factious
course. I belong to that minority; ana I am pre-
pared to defend their course against any such
charge either in this Hall or out of it. We stand
upon the right. And in this position I intend, as
one of them, to stand in perfect defiance of both j
in-door and out-door clamor. If there be a fac-
tion here,.it is the majority; who are endeavoring -
to carry their views in open violation bf the riilf^
of this House. I stand by these rules,1 arid itt
standing by them, I stand by law and order.
"Who is it that is disorganizing this body ? How
•was this resolution brought in here; and how-is it
attempted to be passed throtigh ? Stand up; gen-
tlemen, and defend yourselves if you can. If not)
cease to talk about faction. How did this resolu-
tion-get here ? Last Monday a week, when it wasf
perfectly in order, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr-.
Cartter] moved to suspend the rules, ihat he
might be enabled to offer it. It required two
thirds of the House to suspend the rules. There
were less than two thirds who voted for his mo-
tion. That method failing, he canlte into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union and
offered it here, contrary to all usage, precedent, and
parliamentary law, as well as in direct violation
of two express rules of this House. Never be^
fore was it proposed, in any parliamentary body
that I ever heard of, that the Committee of the
Whole, who are only empowered to act upon
such matters as are referred to them by the House*
could originate and bring forth matter that had not
been so referred. Yet the gentleman did this, and
the majority sustained him in it by simple numeif-1
cal force in overruling the decisioh of the Chaii1.
But this is not all, sir. The 17th rule of this
House, which I hold in my hand, expressly- dfe-
clares that "No person, except members of the
Senate, their Secretary, Heads of Departments;"
&o., &c., " shall be admitted into the Hall of the
House of Representatives."
This is one of the standing rules of this House;
and the 136th rule also declares, that " no stand-
ing rule of, or order of the House, shall be re-
scinded or changed without one day's notice
thereof." No such notice was given or pretended
to be given, and yet the efforts of the majority are
to carry this measure by trampling these rules
under their feet. They attempted to carry their
object by overriding ths rules of their organiza-
tion. Who then are the disorganize™.' They
desire to have a committee appointed to intro*
duce into this Hall Louis Kossuth, and this can-
not be done but by " rescinding,"or "changing;,"
or violating the 136th rule. Their obj-ect is to vio-
late that rule, and to do this by numerical strength
and the clamor of faction, which clamor is usually
resorted to by those who are claiming the exercise
of illegal and unjust powers.
Now, sir, I say that these rules, made and
adopted in pursuance of the Constitution, for tha
government of the proceedings of the House, are
the law of the House. And who are greater dis-
organizers than those who strike at the very
foundation of their own organization ? The gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] to whose,
speech I listened in the main with a good deal of
pleasure, dropt one word, or uttered o'ne Sentiment
that I cannot let pass,' and which I regretted to
hear him express. He sftid while he was Opposed
to the passage of the resolution, yet finding that
it-was the manifest wish of the majority that it
should pass, that he felt inclined to acquiesce.
Now, sir, I will at all times defer to the will of the
majority, when legally and constitutionally ex-
pressed, but never will I yield to the dictation of
a majority, who attempt to force upon me any
measure in violation of law. Some gentlemen
talk as if a majority had the right to have their
way upon all questions, and that it was a duty to
yield to the known will of the majority. Sir,
I deny the doctrine toto ccelo, and 1 will oppose
the will of a majority on this floor, and every-
where, when that will does not conform to law, as
unyieldingly as I would oppose any other outrage
upon my rights. _
Sir, I war against usurpation, let it be begun by
many or few, by a majority of this House, or by
one mm). What is usurpation, Mr. Chairman?
It is the exercise of powers thai do not belong to
those who claim the right to enforce them, wheth-
er it tie by many or a few—whether it be by a
majority of this House or One man—there is no
difference. And I shall war against the attempted
usurpation of the majority here this day, with the
same spirit that I would war against the usurpa-
tion of Louis NapWeon, if I were in France; and
the ciaven heart that would basely yield to your
illegal declaration, barely because you are in the
majority, would be a fit subject to bow his neck
to his imperial edicts ! And 1 will resist you aa
