1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
•within two years. Well, how have they regarded
that law? They have been acting on it, I urn told,
for eight years past, under the idea—and how they
derived" it 1 know not—thai unless the Secretary
of War, or of the .Navy, said the purpose was
accomplished for which the appropriation was
made, it would not go into the surplus fund; and
that in opposition to a lucid and cogent opinion
of an Attorney General, given upon the very
case to which 1 refer. I mean that of Mr. Ber-
rien, Attorney General of-the United States,
on the ,13th Mareh, 1831, when his opinion was
taken in reference to this very matter, and in which
he gives it as his clear and decided opinion, that
the money must go into the surplus fund. It is
too long to lead here, but 1 wish I had time to do
so; and I submit that every person who dues read
it, must come to the conclusion that it is the cor-
rect construction of the law.
But, permit me to go one step further before I
proceed to illustrate how this practice of reserving
appropriations from the surplus fund, after the two
years have expired, is working m the Depart-
ments." We all know, that when the system of
specific appropriations was adopted, there was
nothing about which Congress showed so much
jealousy as the power of transfer. It was a power
that they confined to the President, alone. It was
a power that they restricted to certain appropria-
tions for the War and Navy Departments. In
this same act of 1820, there are two sections,
(three and four,) which forbid a transfer of any
appropriation made for one year in a succeeding
year, and allowing a limited power of transfer
within the year for which ihe money was appro-
priated ; (see act, May 1st, 1820.) but this power
was vested in the President alone, and strictly
guarded. But, in 1843, when the present Pres-
ident was chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means—at a time when they were very
anxious to restrict executive discretion, and when
everything was being done to diminish it;—for at
that time the Committee of Ways and Means was
not very favorable to the acting President—they
passed an act entitled 44 An act legalizing and
* making appropriations for such necessai y objects j
4 as have been usually included in the general ap-
* propriation bills, without authority of law, and
* to fix and provide for certain incidental expenses
< of the Departments and offices of the Govern-
4 ment, and for other purposes."
But observe, Mr. President, that this Was passed
for the purpose of limiting Executive discretion,
to fix everything by law, and to allow as little
discretion as possible as to these incidental expen-
ses. Towards the end of the act, in the twenty-
third section, it is piovided, that " In case the
' sum appropriated for any object shall be found
s more than sufficient to meet the expense thereby
1 contemplated, the surplus may be applied, under
< the discretion of the head of the proper Depart-
i ment, to supply the deficiency of any other item
* in the same Department or office."
This was obviously designed to apply to the ob-
jects mentioned in the act itself. But the Secre-
taries now undertake to transfer, upon their own
- authority, from any one head to any other in their
own "Department*, and this under the very provis-
ion designed to restrict and curtail the Executive
power as much as possible. The consequence is,
that, with this construction of power in relation I
to the surplus fund, and this claim of power m
delation to transfer, we never know what is appro-
priated; and all attempts to limit expenses by spe- i
cific appropriations have been perfectly vain and '
futile.
Let me come back to a case that will illustrate
the mischiefs, both from the construction of the :
surplus fund clause and fiom the power of trans- ;
fer, as it is now claimed: There was a case from i
Florida, of the steamer Watchman. A bill wax
rendered for service m 1835 and 1836. The Third ;
Auditor reported on the case in 1850. There wa* |
nothing to pay the chum, in the event that it was j
allowed, except by using an old appropriation, j
which ousht to have passed to the surplus fund, 1
and then by transferrins: it toa different object from s
that which was originally designed. There was
an old appropriation for the payment of Florida
militia men, in 1839 and '40. IJnder the act of
1820 no such transfer could be made even within
two years from "the date of appropriation, and ac-;
cordingly this twenty-third section of the act of,
1342 was invoked for the purpose. The Secretary |.
of War drew a transfer wairant upon this old ap-
piopnution, made m 1639-'40, transferring it to
another head, and paying the claim of $24,750, a
claim which, 1 believe—i will not speak positive-
ly—was for the use of a steamboat for nfty-five
days. You now observe, that if this appropriation,
which was made ui 1839-'40, had gone to the sur-
plus fund, as it ought to have gone, they could not
have used it for the purpose of paying that debt.
1 examined the case of the transfer of that appro-
priation, and 1 found there were two opinions in
regard to the power to make such a transfer—oi.e
m which theSeueiary of War showed, as I think,
that the power did not exist; and the other, in
which the Attorney General said it did. The Sec-
retary of War said, however, that he felt bound
to deier to the opinion of the Attorney General.
Well, what is to be the result of ail this? In
the first place, every old appropriation winch has
not been earned to the surplus fund, constitutes a
source of stiong temptation to the clerks to sell
their knowledge to persons who work foi such
claims, and every facility is afforded to easy and
pliant, or to corrupt public officers, should such
exist, to allow these claims, and pay them m a
mode whieii would scarcely ever attract public ob-
servation with such practices as these m regard to
these surplus fund and transfer warrants. How
is it m the power of Congress to limit the ex-
penses? Of what use are specific appropri-
ations? We make a specific appropriation that
we may spend so much under such a head, and
yet it turns out that it is no limitation at all; for
the Departments go to some old appropriation,
which has not been passed to the surplus fund,
and transferring it under the act of 1842, they
thus swell the amount far beyond what we dreamed
of when the old appropriation was made. Allow
me to illustrate tins. The appropriations actually
made for the year 1851 for the Quartermaster's
Department, as far as I can ascertain them from
the House documents, amounted to ^3,915,912.
Now, by a statement obtained from the Regis-
ter's office, as to the whole sum expended under
appropriations and repayments, and transfers, 1
find that it amounted to f>5,064,295; but the
amount actually expended, according to General
Jesup's statement,,was $5,286,142. So that we
commenced with an appropriation of$3,915,9l2 for
the year 3851, and expended actually $5,286,124.
This amount was composed of Mexican contrib-
utions, of appropriations mode for that year, of
balances of old appropriations, and of transfers to
the amount of $730,000.
Let us see wheie some of these transfers came
frouu One of them came from an appropriation
for paying the regular troops, made the 18th of
March, 1847, amounting to $150,000, an appro-
priation which ought long since to have gone to
the surplus fund. Another case is that of an ap-
propriation made for extra pay, in August, 1848,
of ^380,000, which was transfeired also, making
in all, of these old appropriations, $530,000. These
transfers were made m Apnl, 1851.
Sir, how can Congress limit expenses by limit-
ing the appiopriations, while the^Departments are
thus allowed to refer to old appropriations and
transfer them ud libitum ?
Thus we see that m every way we are mysti-
fied, and that it is impossible to restrict expendi-
tures by specific appropriations, as we neither
know what is wanting nor how much is already
applicable to the particular service under old apro-
priattons.
.Now, I do not charge this on the Administration
as having been designed. I say that these abuses
have been accumulating, some for eight years past,
and some within the last four years. The present
construction of the act of 3842, and the practice of
transfer under it, originated, 1 believe, under the
present Administration. In relation to the abuses,
or what I believe to be abuses, as to tVe surplus
fund, the Administration is responsible not for
originating, butcontmumg them. Certain it is that
these practices ought either to be abandoned, or
we should give up the system of specific appro-
priations. The two cannot coexist without a
manifest contradiction. I know thai they excuse
it by saying when an appropriation is made for
an object which is not completed, it is useless to
pay money into the surplus fund which has not 1
been expended within two years, because it may ■
be required to satisfy existing contracts. But how
easy would it be, after the expiration of that j
period, to pass it to the surplus fund,and then get
it reappropiiated.
WDdt, sir, was the object of the provision?
The Attorney General (Mr. Berrien) said that one
object was to enable the Government to have its
means at its disposal. But there was another and
a more important object, which was, to create pe-
riodical rests and balances, so as to enable the
Government to know the true state of its accounts;
to know how far certain objects were already pro-
vided for by existing appropriations, and how far
new appropriations would be necessary. In short,
sir, such a systeto of rests and balances was indis-
pensable to accomplish the objects proposed by
the mode of specific appropriations.
JNow, sir, a word or two in relation to the pres-
ent estimate for deficiencies in the quartermaster's
department. If I were to express an opinion in
regard to those estimates and the real deficiency—
and I do not believe that any man can speak of
the amount of the deficiency with anything like
certainty—1 should say that the estimate is under
what will be wanted. I find, when we come to
add what is estimated for deficiencies to what is
already appropriated for this fiscal year, that the
sum is about <>900,000 less than was expended last
year. I know, too, that there are inanyunsettled
accounts that remain to be adjusted; but 1 do not
know what they will disclose. I think it probable,
however, that they will disclose still greater defi-
ciencies; and, under these circumstances, 1 think it
is not only proper, but necessary that we should
appropriate the amount which is asked for these
objects. I wish, sir, I could believe that the
amount estimated would pay all demands under
the present deficiency bill. If that were so, I
should be glad to pass these estimates, and take a
receipt in full. But, however that may be, there is
one thing to which we think Congi ess should turn
its attention, and that is, to the adoption of such
laws as will enforce a strict and prompt accounta-
bility of the Departments. The Executive, too,
should take such steps, and call upon vis, if neces-
sai y, to pass the measures proper for adapting
our system of military administration to the cir-
cumstances of the country in which it is to be
applied. 1 think, too, that a strict accountability
and obedience to orders ought to be exacted from
our officers and agents who are acting at a distance
from the seat of Government.
Sir, this thing of officers undertaking to pledge
the credit of the Government, and to incur large
expenses without authority, is a matter which it
seems to me should be promptly put a stop to.
But these are affairs which more properly belong
to the Senator from Illinois, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and to the Sen-
ator from California, as chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. These are matters of
reform which I beg to commend to their attention;
for I believe they are grave enough to demand
their attention, and that of the Executive too. I
regret, sir, that 1 have had to tiespass so long
upon the time of the Senate in making these
remarks; but I thought that it would facilitate the
progress of the bill if I did so. I felt it due to
myself, because I advocate the passage of the
deficiency bill now, and because someof my friends
think that it is sanctioning aspint of extravagance
to do so. I wished to place the matter upon the
true ground, and to defend myself against all such
imputations.
1 had another reason: it was my duty to make
an exhibit of the state of the Treasuiy in relation
to these matters, as far as I could do so, and as
clearly and as explicitly as T could.. 1 regret that
I was notable to obtain all the information neces-
sary to enable me to make a clear and explicit
statement of our financial condition. The state
of our public accounts is such that I do notbeheve
any man can do it; and any person who attempts
to straighten the tortuous thread of the discourse
of our Executive Departments will find that he
has a tangled yarn to deal with. It was once said
by a distinguished Frenchman, that " words were
made to conceal ideas;" I think I might say, with
greater truth, that our system of public accounts
has been perverted so as to conceal facts. I do not
charge this on the heads of departments, for I
am speaking now, not so much of persons as
of a system. So far as I know them, they are
clever gentlemen; and it is not my purpose to
wound or disparage them. I believe, that so far
as they are concerned, they inherited some errors;
