1966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
necting Bloody Island with the Illinois shore. :
The privilege was granted by the HJinois Legisla-
ture, and for the purpose of insuring the comple-
tion of the work, they entered into bonds in a large
sum with the owners of Bioody Island. They
commenced the work, and having filled up the
channel, Ihey failed in constructing these two
causeways* A flood came, and the whole work
was very much damaged, but they succeeded in
doing so much as to destroy the navigation of the
river upon the Illinois side.
In the bill which passed the House at the last
session, and which I understand is to be offered as
a substitute to this, there is an appropriation of
f>0,000 for the improvement of the St. Louis
arbor. I desire now, before making this ap-
propriation which is to be made for the improve-
ment of this river, to have inserted in the bill a
provision, that it shall be applied exclusively to
the improvement of the navigation of the channels
of the river, and not for the improvement or con-
struction of harbors. These owners and capitalists
at St. Louis, desire to get money from the General
Government for the purpose of building these
two causeways, and thereby relieving themselves
from the obligations they were under to construct
these works, in consequence of the bond entered
into by them with the State of Illinois. For the
reason I have stated, I hope the proviso to the
amendment may prevail. I cannot consent that
appropriations shall be made, and the patronage
of the General Government used, to build up a
great city on the Missouri side, to the injury of
others equally meritorious on the Illinois side.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish, for
the information of the committee, to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Camp-
bell] to this fact, that there was among the printed
estimates sent to the House upon this subject, one
of $50,000 for the removal of obstructions in the
harbor of St. Louis. This, among overestimates,
was presented to the Committee on Commerce,
but tney rejected it, upon the very ground which
the gentleman from Illinois has now urged in favor
of this proviso.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Will the gentle-
men allow me to ask him one question, for the
purpose of correcting the statement made by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge?]
I want to know whether there is a single appro-
priation, reported by the Committee on Commerce
in this bill, which did not have the approbation of
the corps of Topographical Engineers?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
order. I want to know whether it is in order to
discuss this question, in opposition to the amend-
ment under consideration?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman from New York and the gentleman
from Maine are out of order in the course of dis-
cussion they were pursuing.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I was going on to say that
we rejected this estimate, because we did notthink
it came within the proper range of harbor and
river improvements to construct"upon a navigable
river anything thatmighthe called a harbor, which
was nothing more than a landing or wharf. The
committee will perceive that this large appropri-
ation is confined by the very language of the item
to which the gentleman from Illinois has alluded to
the improvement of the navigation of these rivers.
There is no need therefore for this amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. They want toimprove the
navigation of the Mississippi by turning its chan-
nel from the Illinois to the Missouri side; and that
it would be improved by constructing these cause-
ways. It is for the purpose of preventing this
appropriation from being thus applied, under any
circumstances, under the direction of the Secretary
of War, that I have offered this proviso.
Mr. SEYMOUR. After this very estimate for
the improvement of the St. Louis harbor having
been rejected by the Committee on Commerce,
and given no place in the bill, I really do not think
any Secretary of War would ever take any por-
tion of the $260,000 appropriated for the improve-
ment of the Mississippi river and its tributaries
for the improvement of the harbor of Sr. Louis.
If there is any danger of that being done by any
Secretary of War we are likely to have there, per-
haps it would be worth while *tu put the restric-
tion in.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then why object to the
amendment?
The question now being upon the amendment,
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers; but they
were not ordered.
Mr. LANE. I do not desire to oppose this
amendment, but I desire to say a few words in
relation to it.
The CHAIRMAN. It can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
The question was then put, and the amend-
ment was rejected—ayes 32, noes not counted.
Mr. MILLER offered the following amend-
ment:
For the improvement of the harbor at St. Louis*, $50,000.
Mr. M. said: Mr. Chairman,! beg leave, in the
few remarks I intend to present upon the subject
of this amendment, to call the attention of this
committee to a clause in the remarks submitted by
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Commerce [Mr. Seymour] in opening this dis-
cussion, and then show you the inconsistency of
the couise taken by that committee in reference to
the appropriation recommended m this amend-
ment, with the rule laid down by the committee
as indicated by the chairman in tiiose remarks. !
Hp says: j
"Bur the committee have prescribed another rule for '
their conduct. They have s-uppi^ed— and lhat is the ground ;
upon which they have framed this bill—that it was their i
duty to provide for tne geneial wants of the commerce of |
the country at those localities—those great commercial de- !
puts, where it iiaii aheady concentrated. They did notsup- i
pose that n was within their province to go into those parts
of the country juft nsutg into impoitance, where the com-
merce had hardly yet defined it* localities, where you
would not know if you appropriated to day ten or twenty
thousand dollars for the improvement of a harbor, whether
ten year.- hence there would be any trade or commerce to
be benefited by it. They preferred rather to confine the ap-
propriations to the wants of the general commerce of the
country, by locating them at the ereat centeia of com-
merce, where it already exists, and where it will be bene-
fited."
Now, I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee for a few moments to some facts in con-
nection with this subject, which I have before
me. I refer to the estimates of the Topographi-
cal Bureau, relative to this harbor, and which the
Committee on Commerce had befoiethem. At
the last session a similar estimate was made for
the improvement of the harbor at St. Louis.
Mr. WALSH. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Missouri this question: Does he suppose the
Committee on Commerce were bound to surren-
der their judgments upon constitutional law to the
Topographical Bureau?
Mr. MILLER. I will answer the gentleman.
I did not suppose the Committee on Commerce
were bound to surrender their judgment to the esti-
mates of the Topographical Bureau, nor do I sup-
pose that we m this committee are bound to sur-
render our judgment to the recommendation of the
Committee on Commerce. These estimates have
been furnished to the committee for their considera-
tion, but they have seen fit to reject some of them.
Atone moment when an amendment is offered,
not embraced in the estimates, some member of
the committee gravely rises, and objects to the
appropriation, because there was no estimate for
it; and now, sir, when an amendment is proposed
for the harbor of St. Louis, for which there is an
estimate, the gentleman rises and asks whether
we suppose the committee are bound by these
estimates?
J desire to call the attention of the committee to
a few facts, to show how inconsistent are the dec-
larations of the chairman of the committee as to
the rule which guided them, with the action of the
committee, as is clearly manifested by the facts to
which I refer. It is very true, sir, that St. Louis
was, but a few years ago, an inconsiderable
French village, with a population not exceeding
six thousand, and with but little trade. Now,
sir, that city numbers one hundred thousand
inhabitants, and it has a commerce estimated at
$60,000,000. It had, sir, according to the re-
port of last year, over three thousand arrivals of
steamboats; and yet, important as this harbor of
St. Louis is, not only to the city of St. Louis, not
only to the State of Missouri, but to the States of
Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin, and the Territory of
Minnesota, and the country lying south of it upon
the Mississippi, there is noappropriation furnished
by this committee for it. 1 desire, sir, to know
the reason why the harbor of St. Louis has been
omitted ?
As I remarked, Mr. Chairman, there were, ;
during the last year, over three thousand steam-
boat arrivals at the city of St. Louis; each boat
of this vast number freighted with the produce of
our fertile lands, and the rich ores of our mines,
or the manufactures and productions of other sec-
tions. And of the whole number of steamboats
plying upon our western rivers, the returns show
about one hundred and thirty enrolled and licensed
at St. Louis, a larger number than at any other of
the great cities upon those streams, and ranking
in the amount of their tonnage second to, and but
a little below, the tonnage of steamboats enrolled
and licensed at New Orleans.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. It is unneces-
sary for me to say that I am emphatically opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Miller.] I was astonished that the
committee did not see fit to adopt the amend-
ment which I offered, and which, perhaps, would
have excluded the very amendment which the
gentleman [Mr. Miller] has offered. These
harbors—I will not call them harbors, for theie
is no such thing as a harbor on a river, the
river is the harbor itself—these landings upon
rivers for the benefit of localities where boats re-
ceive and discharge their freights, the General
Government has already expended hundreds of
thousands of dollars for the very purpose of im-
proving them at the city of St. Louis. Is that for
the benefit of the general commerce of the coun-
try? it is for the purpose of directing the natural
channel of the river from the Illinois side to the
St. Louis side; and the more profusely they ex-
pend the money, the more obstinately the old
Father of Waters pursues his natural channel.
Sir, these claims which have been presented for
harbors upon the Mississippi, have constituted
one of the greatest difficulties which the friends of
improvement of the channel have had to encoun-
ter in all the contests which have been had for im-
provements of that description. Why, sir, so local
nave improvements of this character been consid-
ered, that they are seldom or never embraced in
any system of internal improvements. They are
left to the localities, and to the cities immediately
to be benefited by them.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him whether appropriations were not made
in 1836 and in 1837 for this very harbor?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes,sir; and that is the very
reason that I am opposed to it now. There has
been, as I understand it, between $200,000 and
$300,000 appropriated for the harbor of St. Louis,
and which seems to have such an insatiable maw
that it can never be satisfied. Are we to leave the
rapids in the channel unprovided for, for the pur-
pose of securing a good landing: at the wharf of
St. Louis ? I apprehend, sir, before the commit-
tee will entertain a proposition of this kind, they
will pause to consider whether it is not their duty
to remove the great obstacles to the navigation of
the stream, rather than to making appropriations
for constructing convenient landing points for the
benefit of particular cities and localities.
Sir, I am opposed to every harbor and every
landing appropriation which may ever be got up
in this House while I am a member of it, and I
will record my yote against them. I do not op-
pose the amendment on account of the locality it
is intended to benefit, but on account of the prin-
ciple it involves. If the landing at St. Louis should
be improved, other points of less importance would
profit by the precedent, and there would be no end
to applications for similar objects.
Mr. MILLER called for tellers; which were
not ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON moved to strike out the clause
"for the improvement of the navigation of the
! i Mississippi river below the rapids; the Ohio, in-
| * eluding the repairs of the dam at Cumberland
. 'Island; the Missouri and the Arkansas livers,
i $260,000;" and insert the following clauses:
That the sum of <$100,000, out ot any monev in the Treas-
ury not otherwise approptiated, he and the Fame i-j hoiefoy
appropriated for the improvement of the Rock Ishmd and
Des Moines rapids, in the Mi^i^ippi nvor, tn be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
Tnat, foi the improvement o! the navigation of the Mis-
souri river, by the removal of and other olmtriu-ttori^
in the natmal channel ot said river, and for the building of
a snag-boat, with necessary machinery and appurtenances
suitable to thai purpose, the ?um ot $-75,00(1 be and the same
is hereby appropuated out of any money in the Treasury
