1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16.
Senator from Maryland and myself is this: he
has more sympathy for the Indian who rides about
doing nothing, ana I have most sympathy for the
white Hi.an whom he woald make labor to support
the Indian. [Laughter.]
.. Mr. PRATT. I did not attempt to express any
sympathy or opinion of my own. I only stated
what the Senatorfrom Virginia had said, notwhat
he meant to say; and I appeal to every one who
heard-him first, whether I did not, in words, state
verbatim exactly what he did say, that if the Gov-
ernment of the United States furnished the Indians
•frith bread, it would necessarily occasion their
mulpiication 'beyond the whites, and would bring
with it, as a consequence, increased expense to
the-Government. That is what he said.
Mr. HALE. I listened to the Senator from
Virginia-with a good deal of satisfaction. But I
want to say this, not so much for his benefit as
for the benefit of the country, that he may expose
just as many abuses as he pleases, but the idea of
getting Congress to remedy them at this time, is
perfectly idle. I'will tell him the reason why it is
so. He belongs to the dominant party—not ex-
, actly, however, for the parties are so fixed now,
that it is hard to say which is dominant—but he
■ belongs to the dominant majority in this body,
and the Senator from Kentucky belongs to tne
friends of the Administration. Let the honorable
Senator point out as many abuses as he pleases
in the Administration—does he suppose that the
Democrats will reform them now ? No, sir; they
will take care to see that they are properly used by
their friends, toho are ready to come into power so
soon. That is the result. There will not be one
of those abuses reformed by any enactment of
• Congress at this time. Gentlemen are exceed-
ingly opposed to them; but there is not time to re-
form them. Besides that, it is very inconvenient
to reform them, when the party practicing them
are going out, and the other party are shortly to
have the benefit of them.
But if the honorable Senator from Virginia
thinks that he has brought to the consideration of
"the Senate, at this time, the most glaring abuses
which exist in the Administration—which exist
palpably "with the light of the sun shining upon
• them, so that everybody can see them—he is ex-
ceedingly mistaken. I hold in my hand a report
submitted to this body by the Secretary of the
Navy, near two years ago, by which he discloses
to the Senate the fact, that he is expending and
disbursing thousands upon thousands of dollars
of the public money annually, not only without
law, not only in abuse of law, but in the direct
face of the law.
I refer to the Senate Executive document No. 51,
of the first session of the Thirty-first Congress,
laid upon our tables on the 28th of May, 1850, by
which it appears that the Secretary of the Navy,
by virtue of an order issued on the 20th October,
1842, and subsequently on the 30th of September,
1848, (and I wish the members of the Senate would
read it,) is paying annually thousands upon thou-
sands to every officer of the Navy who is attach-
ed to a navy-yard, in the shape of allowances,
which he regulates and graduates in the face of a
provision of the law of March 3, 1835, which en-
acts that the pay there provided shall be in full of
all compensation, and shall exclude all allowances '
under any circumstances whatsoever. Now, while 1
we know this, and while the Secretary of the Navy i
comes here and tells us that lie is paying out, not ]
only without, law, but against law, and in spite of !
the law, this amount of money, wh<it is the use of j!
- talking about abuses? Let us see, first, that these ;i
things, which are palpable, and which are nut j:
abuses of the law, but direct violations of the law, |;
running in its very face, can be remedied. After "
that has been done, let us attempt to remedy
abuses; and until that is done, it will be idle to j
attempt it. !,
I rejoice exceedingly that the attention of the
Senate, and of the country, has been called to '
these abuses; but I want to call the attention of j1
the country to the state of things that will exist.
Congress will adjourn at the end of this session, .
and will finally conclude its labors on the 3d of i
March of next year, and there will not be the first !
letter of a law passed that will remedy one single
one of these abuses; but they will st^nd, and the 1
next vear they will increase and will be huger. ■
instead of the Administration being more efficient ji
in regard to them, it will be more loose, and the ||
abuses will increase and go on just exactly as long
as the present system of things continues.
Mr. CASS.- Does the Secretary in his report
say that he makes the allowances against law?
Mr. HALE. No, sir.
Mr. CASS. Is it a question of construction?1
Mr. IIALE. I will read the law.
Mr.-BADGER. Give us the items for which
the payments are made.
Mr. HALE. I will give the items. The act
to which I allude was passed on the 3d of March,
1835, and it is entitled " An act regulating the pay
of the Navy." The second section of the act
(and I call the attention of the Senate to it) is in
these words:
"Jlnd be it further enacted, That no allowance shall
hereafter be made to any officer in the naval service of the
United States for drawing bills, for receiving or disbursing
money, or for transacting any business for the Government
of the United State*; nor shall be allowed servants, or pay
tor servants/ or clothing or rations for them, or pay for the
same; nor shall allowance be made to him for lent ot quar-
ters, or for rent for t'nrmtufe, or for lights, or fur fuel, or for
transporting baggage. And it is hereby expressly declared,
that the yeaily allowance'provided in this act is ail the pay,
compensation, and allowance that shall be received under
any circumstances whatever by any such otficcr or person,
except lor traveling expenses, when under orders, toi which
ten cents a mile shall be allowed."
In the face of that provision, which, it seems to
me, does not admit of very great latitude of con-
struction, by an order of the Secretary of the
Navy, of September 30, 1848, there is allowed
to every commandant of a navy-yard—
For one parlor.
1 dozen chairs, not to exceed   ,$60 00
1 sofa, not to exceed 50 00
1 pier, or centie table, not to exceed 40 00
1 iookmg-gla>s, not to exceed .40 00
i pair andiious, (it no grate,) not to exceed 10 00
1 fender, not to exceed 10 00
1 set shovel, tongb, and poker, not to exceed  8 00
1 cai pet, not to exceed (per yard)  1 75
1 hearth-rug, not to exceed  8 00
Dining-room.
1 set dming-tables, not to exceed, in the aggregate
amount, ' $50 00
1 suleboaid, not to exceed  50 00
l.Si dozen chairs, not to exceed  36 00
1 pair andirons, (if no grate,) not to exceed  10 00
1 tender, (if no grate,) not to exceed  10 ('0
1 set shovel, tong^, and poker, not to exceed  8 00
1 carpet, not to exceed (per yard)  1 75
1 hearth-rug, not to exceed  8 00
Passage, or Hall.
1 stove and fixtures, (if no furnace,) for houses
noith of the Potomac, not to exceed... $35 00
1 hall-lamp, not to exceed  Q 00
Oil cloth, or painted carpet, ioi hall, and the first
flight of stairs front, per squaie yard, not to ex-
ceed, per yard  1 25
Cfut mbers,
3 bedsteads for commandant, not to exceed in ag-
gregate amount $60 00
3 bureaus lor commandant, not to exceed  54 (0
3 wash viands foi commandant, not to exceed.... 24 00
18 chairs for commandant; not to exceed  27 00
j 3 pairs andirons (if no grate) for commandant,
not to exceed  12 00
3 sen shovels and tongs for commandant, not to
exceed       10 00
3 carpet* tor commandant, not to exceed (per
jard)   1 25
There is thus an increased pay allowed to these
officers, under the order of the Secretary of the
Navy, m the face of the law, I should think some-
thing like six hundred or a thousand dollars a
year. This provision is made not only for the
commandants, hut also for the commanders, lieu-
tenants, pursers, surgeons, masters, assistant-sur-
geons, boats.wains, carpenters, sail-makers, and
God knows who ; I do not, sir. This fact has
been before the Senate for nearly two years. In
the face of the most direct and positive prohibition
that the English language, by any possibility, is
capable of, this order of the Secretary of the Navy
is allowed to exist—raising and jucreastn^ the
compensation of these offireis thus much. Now,
if we allow such things ; if we say nothing about
such things, why should we talk about abuses;
If the compensation of these gentlemen is not
enough, raise it, until it is enough. But while
such is the law, and while such is the piohibition
expressed 111 as plain a manner as the English
language can make it, and the Secretary of the
Navy comes in with ins order, and increases the
compensation ten,fifteen, or twenty-five percent.,
what is the use of talking about abuses? The fact
is, that the administration of these various Depart-
ments piactically, is above any legislation we can
have here : and, until there is some efficiency m
seeing the laws that we pass executed, it is 'per-
fectly idle to pass them. If a system of account-
ability, or something else, cannot be established,
which will give efficiency to the laws that we pass,
it is idle to undertake to talk of reforming any-
thing by the passage of laws."
Mr. BADGER. The remarks of the Senator
from New Hampshire afford a striking instance,
how easy it is to assert that one thing is in direct
opposition to another, and that it is clear, plain,
certain, inevitably and indisputably opposed to
the other; when perhaps on a little examination it
may appear, that there is no inconsistency between
them at all. Now, so far from my being able to
perceive that there is any opposition between the
law, which the Senator has read, and the order of
the Secretary of the Navy in 1848, they strike me
as relating to subjects of an entirely different kind,
and that the order is perfectly consistent with the
law. The law of 1835 gives an increase of annual
compensation to the officers of the Navy, gradu-
ating it in each grade according to the particular
service upon which they were placed; and it de-
clared that the compensation should be in full of
all pay and allowances to them, with the exception
of the allowance for traveling expenses. What
is all this long list of " pokers," and " sofas, "and
"sideboards," and "shovels and tongs," and
" carpets," which thehonorable Senator has read ?
What has that to do with the provision of the law ?
Those pokers, and shovels and tongs, and other
articles are not given to the officers—not at all.
It would be just as much in place, to allege in-
consistency, if he were to say that a commodore,
who is in command of a seventy-four which has
sofas and chairs, and beds, and other articles of
the kind, on board, which are put there for the
accommodation of the commodore, and also other
accommodations put there for the convenience and
advantage of the lieutenants, and for the conve-
nience and advantage of the subordinate officers,
and of the men, are compensations made to them
in violation of law. Sir, it is not so. The law has
no application to it.
The Government has certain navy-yards. They
build houses to accommodate the officers and the
men who are to be stationed there. I wish to ask
the Senator if the use of the houses, in addition
to the pay and allowance, is forbidden by the act ?
Why, certainly not; no more than the use of the
ship which shelters the officers, and is to them a
floating house, is a violation of the act of 1835.
The Government puts furniture on board the ship,
or floating house. Is that any violation of the law ?
Why, certainly not.. It is not a bit more a viola-
tion of the law than to say that the planks which
form the floor of the cabin, which are paid for by
the Government, and upon which the officers walk,
or the deck which covers their heads, and forms
a roof to protect them from the weather, is an ad-
ditional allowance, and in violation of the law.
Wlint the Government does with regard to the
floating house upon which the officer is put, it does
with regard to the stationary house upon shore, in
which the officer is put. It does not take an offi-
cer and send him to these navy-yards, where he
is to stay, according to ihe regulations, for two,
or at best three years, and compel him to expend
thousands of dollars from his own money to fur-
nish the house in which he is to live—which
would be just as reasonable as to require him to
build the house in which he is to live. He is a
temporary occupant, according to the regulations,
having to go to some other station every two or
three years. Therefore, it was thought just and
reasonable that the house on shore should be fur-
nished, in which a man lives who is to command
a yard, as that the house at sea, or ship, should
be furnished. But the furniture does not belong
to him. It belongs to him no more than the ship
or house at sea belongs to him. It is Government
furniture. It is put there for his accommodation
when he is ordered to a station. And when he is
transferred somewhere else, and does not need the
use of it, it belongs to his successor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Like furnishing the
President's House.
Mr. BADGER. I thank the honorable Senator
for the illustration. The Constitution of the United
States declares, that the compensation of the Pres-
ident, fixed by law, shall be neither increased nor
diminished during his continuance in office. Con-
gress cannot, without violating the Constitution,
add one dollar to his salary; but, I pray you, did
it ever enter into any man's head that we were
increasing the compensation of the President, in
