im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2.
the tyrant and in behalf of the tyrannized. That
is the only legitimate method of treating the case.
All else seems premature, irrelevant and insulting.
Nothing can be more grateful to his enemies and
the enemies of liberty in Europe, than to see him
rebuffed by the American House of Representa-
tives. After having first invited this distinguished
exile to come to us from abroad, and then wel-
comed him when he landed upon our shores^ I
hold that it would be disreputable to ourselves,
and wounding to the spirit of freedom everywhere,
now to refuse to take him by the hand and give
him free access to our House. I trust the coun-
try will analyze the votes, and place the responsi-
bility of "the opposition where it belongs.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Fuller] to the amendment; and it was re-
jected.
Mr. TAYLOR offered the following amendment
to the amendment:
No change is contemplated in our uniform course of
policy, in conducting our foreign relations.
Mr. POLK. I rise to a question of order. I
■wish to know, having no special knowledge of the
operation of the rules of this House, whether a
principle can be ingrafted upon a simple resolution
of courtesy ? The resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio, if I understand it, was to appoint a com-
mittee to wait upon Louis Kossuth, and invite him
upon this floor. Can gentlemen offer amendments
involving the great principle of intervention or
non-intervention, upon the part of this Republic?
I want to know the legitimacy of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee cannot argue the point.
Mr. POLK. 1 will not argue it; I merely sug-
gest a poiht of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman Worn Ten-
nessee [Mr. Polk] makes a point of order upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Taylou] to the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Churchweli,.] The original
resolution offered by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cartter] is one proposing to appoint a
committee to introduce Louis Kossuth into the
House of Representatives. The amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor]
proposes to declare what we intend by tliat invi-
tation. It is considered by the Chair, that the
amendment is in order, as it is a further declara-
tion or explanation of what the House intends to
do or not to do, and the Chair believes it to be per-
tinent, and therefore in order.
Mr. POLK. I wished to submit my case, so
that I might make an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. POLK. I do appeal.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask a single
question—if after you send a matter to a com-
mittee, the only way in which you can attach any-
thing to it is not by instructions to that committee?
Mr. POLK. Is the appeal debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is debatable
within the five-minute rule.
Mr. POLK. I do not desire to occupy five
minutes; but wish to call the attention of the
House to this question: If members are permit-
ted upon this floor to offer amendments and dis-
cuss them for five minutes, when are we to termi-
nate? Jtwill be interminable. Then, sir, if the
decision of the Chair is sustained, I can offer an
amendment to make temperance—as my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. RrcnAitsooN,] a few days ago,
did—to make temperance the ruling' order and con-
trol of this House. [Laughter.] I can go fur-
ther: I can introduce an amendment declaring
that this Government will not longer entertain dip-
lomatic intercourse with the Emperor of Austria.
I can go further: 1 can declare upon an amend-
ment to this resolution, that we will cease diplo-
matic intercourse with every Government upon
the continent of Europe. Is that legitimate ? Sir,
can I go to that extent? Can I declare upon this
resolution that we will maintain relations of friend-
ship and amity and of commercial intercourse
with Great Britain ? No, sir; you will say. But
if I cannot do so, can you decide that the declara-
tion of intervention in the affairs of Europe can
be considered here under the head of a proposi-
tion merely inviting a distinguished foreigner to
take a position upon this floor. Why, sir, if you
give me such a liberty, if you give me such a
privilege, I can bring to your attention the ques-
tion of the Prometheus, the Thrasher case, and
introduce upon this platform the case of the poor
Cuban invaders. Where is it to stop? When-
ever the chairman of this committee will mark
out the boundary, and fix a place to stop, I am
-willing to obey his mandates. But when he con-
fines himself to this case, and admits propositions
directly reflecting upon our foreign intercourse, I
must claim the privilege of throwing myself upon
the House to be sustained.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must state
that, upon reflection and examination of the rules,
the decision of the Chair that the appeal is de-
batable, was not correct.
Mr. POLK. I take back my fiveftiinutes, then.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN read the 136th rule in sup-
port of his decision. The Chair decides that the
pending amendment is in order, and the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Polk] appeals from that de-
cision. The question now is, Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee ?
Tellers were demanded upon the question and
ordered, and Messrs. Brown, of Mississippi, and
Hunter were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 88, noes 35.
So the decision of the Chair Was sustained.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would not consume the
time of the committee even for five minutes, if it
were not that I hear it constantly asserted upon
this floor that the illustrious Hungarian exile,
now within the city of Washington, is "the guest
of th6 nation." He has been received formally
by the President of the United Swttes, courteous-
ly, hospitably, frankly, and in a manner becoming
this great nation and the Chief Magistrate of our
country. He is still remaining with us, receiving
the attentions and polite hospitalities of the peo-
ple of this city, and of many of our most distin-
guished citizens. But, sir, I dissent from some
gentlemen upon this floor, who insist that Louis
Kossuth is " the guest of our nation." How is
he the guest of the nation ? What steps have we
taken to bring him to this country, and how does
he come here? Are all who emigrate to our coun-
try the guests of the nation? The messages of
the President of the United States made to Con-
gress at the piesent session, which I have before
me, present a list of papers embracing a corre-
spondence between the Secretary of State of the
United States and our Foreign Minister at Con-
stantinople, a letter from Kossuth himself, and
one from Mr. Brown, our dragoman at Constan-
tinople, the whole tenor of which goes to show
that these Hungarians desired to emigrate to the
United States. That after the Sublime Porte re-
ceived four thousand Hungarian exiles in his
Empire, and defied thepower of Russia and Aus-
tria to take them out of it by force, that lie saved
their lives by his power, and maintained them by
his hospitality and liberality. The people of the
United States had their feelings of sympathy
aroused in their behalf. And the correspondence
between the Government of the United States,
our Minister at Constantinople, and the Turkish
authorities, shows, that while the Sultan of the
Ottoman Empire was willing to pay their ex-
penses to get them out of his country, and send
them, or some of the chief personages amongst
them, to England, they had not the means where-
with to come to the "United States of America,
as they desired to come. What did we do, sir,
under this state of things, having had their wishes
officially announced to us? The Congress of the
United States, on the 3d of March, 18ol, passed a
joint resolution, which I have before me, and
which, it appears, gentlemen of this House forget
: or greatly misunderstand. In order that the
country may understand it, and that I may stand
justified before my constituency, I will read the
resolution:
" Whereas the people of the United States sincerely
sympathize with the Hungarian exile5?, Kossuth and his
associates, and fully appreciate the magnanimous conduct
of the Turkish Government in receiving and treating these
noble exiles with kindness and hospitality ; and whereas it
is the wish of these exiles to emigrate to the United States,
and the will of the Sultan to permit them to leave his do-
minions: Thereto! e,
Resolved by the Senate and House oj Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the President of the United States be, and hereby is,
requested J,o authorise the employment of sotoc one of the
public vessels, which may be now cruising in the Mediter-
ranean to receive and convey to the United States the said
Louis Kossuth and his associates in capavity."
We gave them a passage in one of our foreign
vessels as exiles—as men desiring to emigrate to this
country for a secure asylum and a home. And that
secure asylum and protection they would receive;
the whole power of the Government against the
nations of the Old World would be exerted to se*
cure it to thejn, now that they are amongst us, if
they choose to remain with us and become adopted
citizens of this country. Now, I say we have not
made Louis Kossuth, W this proceeding, "the
guest of the nation." We have welcomed him and
his associates. We have welcomed him, formally,
to the capital and to the country. I ask, does that
imply that we should go further, and place him
upon the footing of Lafayette?—the immortal La-
fayette, who struggled and fought for us during
our seven years' revolution, and aided us by his
fortune, the risk of his life and sacred honor, to
secure our own independence? I say that he can-
not be placed upon the same footing, and does not
deserve to be received in the same way. Yet I
would extend to him every sympathy and kind-
ness suitable to his late eminent position m Hun-
gary and his present situation, and do all that is
becoming in me to do towards him and his associ-
ates, as'a citizen of the United States of America.
1 now wish to allude one moment to the course
of my colleague from the Ashtabula district, [Mr.
Giddings,] who, during the debate in the last ses-
sion of the committee, read at the Clerk's table
certain resolutions which he alleged had been voted
for by myself.
In the debate on Wednesday last, my colleague,
[Mr. Giddings,] to show what he considered my
inconsistency, charged me with voting for a certain
resolution of a direct character, interfering and
proclaiming our sympathies with a foreign and
European nation in the cause of freedom; and
caused certain resolutions of Mr. Cummins, offered
in this House on the 22d March, 1848, relating
to the state of affairs then existing in France and
Italy, to be read by the Clerk. They were read
as follows:
" Resolved, That it becomes the people -of the United
States to rejoice that the sentiment of self-government is
commending itself to the favorable consideration and adop-
tion ot the intelligent and thinking men of all intelligent
nations.
" Resolved, That the only legitimate source of political
power is the will ofthe people, and the'only rightful end of
its exerei&e their good.
" Resolved, That we sincerely hope that downtrodden
humanity may succeed m breaking down all forms of tyran-
ny and oppiession, and in the establishment ot free and
national governments for the good of the governed, and wot
for the aggrandizement of tho&e who govern.
£k Resolved, That wetendei our warmest sympathies totli8
people ot France and Italy in their present struggle for re-
foim, and sincerely hope they may succeed in establishing
free and constitutional governments, emanating from and
ba«ed upon the will of the governed, suited to their wants
and condition, and such as will secure to them liberty and
safety.
" Resolved, That wc tender oar sympathy and hopes of
success to ever}7 people who are seeking to establish for
themselves free and national governments, and that what-
ever ot blood and treasuie may be shed or spent in a strug-
gle ofthe oppressed against the oppressor, is to be charged
to the unjust resistance of the oppiessor, who stuves to hold
and exercise the rights of the people, usurped against their
will, and exercised for the benefit of the few and the op-
- pression of the many, and not to the people, who seek only
to regain and exercise their natural rights, in Mich maimer
as will best secure and promote their own happiness and
safety."
I was charged with voting for them, and with
inconsistency; and the gentleman refused to say
who offered the resolutions, or give me any in-
formation about them. He did not even say who
offered them. But how does it appear by the rec-
ord? See the Congressional Globe, page 52J, vol.
18. These resolutions were objected to, at the
time they were offered,and they were not received.
No direct vote was afterwards taken upon them.
Nor did I vote for them. The Congressional Globe
was before the gentleman, and he saw and well
knew that I had not voted for or against those
resolutions, because no vote was taken upon them,
except to suspend the rules to introduce them. I
therefore must believe that it was the desisrn of
the gentleman to misrepresent me—knowingly,
willfully, and maliciously—by a false allegation".
[Here the hammer fell, the live minutes having
expired.]
Mr. Taylor intended to continue his remarks,
by observing:
To show this, if is only necessary to look at the
