THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 30, 1852.
NEW SEMES....NO. -124.
eastern Atlantic sea-board shall be invaded by "a
foreign foe, that the military strength and re-
sources of the upper valley of the Mississippi must
go to the rescue. A small expenditure of money
will make this communication complete and ample
for all the purposes of commerce, and for the pur-
poses of military defense.
It is surprising that men who pretend to the
character of statesmen should undertake, in at-
tempting to revise a system of public policy which
has been suspended for years, should have failed
to embrace this improvement in their bill. If they
have any right to set up a claim to the character
of statesmen, in seeking to renew this system, they
should endeavor so to shape its details as to com-
mend it to the approval of the country, and not
overlook such a stream as this. Why exclude
one of the most important tributaries of the Mis-
sissippi, connecting the mighty valley of the Mis-
sissippi with the southeastern Atlantic States of
the Republic? I repeat, that in a commercial
and military point of view, this appropriation is
infinitely more important than any appropriation
embraced in this bill. If wise statesmen desire to
revive an important policy, if they seek to give it
permanence, and maintain it, how can they expect
to do so when its opponents can point to this
odious and unreasonable discrimination against
this stream? With such a glaring evidence of the
inequality of the system, the people of that great
valley will withhold their favor from those who
endeavor to withhold the constitutionality and ex-
pediency of such a system. I believe in the ex-
lstenceofthepower under the Constitution, and in
the expediency of exercising that power if it shall
be so exercised as to distribute its benefits fairly in
all the different parts of the country. If you adopt
a principle, you must follow it out to its results, and
let every section of the country have all the bene-
fits which that principle can confer.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to make
a suggestion to the House in regard to this mat-
ter. We have not made a single step in this bill
to-day. As those who are in favor of it desire to
finish it to-day, and as those who are opposed to
it are desirous of getting clear of it, I hope that
we will sit here to-day until we have made some
progress.
Mr. GENTRY demanded tellers on his amend-
ment; which were ordered; and Messrs. Harris,
of Tennessee, and Breckinridge were appointed.
The question was then taken, and it was deci-
ded in the negative—ayes 34, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We have been
some time engaged in the consideration of this
bill. I have not trespassed upon the committee
for one moment, and now, with a view of testing
the sense of the committee, and for the purpose of
endeavoring to get at something that we can make
some progress in, I move to lay aside this bill, that
we may take up the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes the
motion to be in order.
Mr. ORR. Well, sir, I ask for tellers upon it.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is this: That after the House
has ordered the debate to close, under the rule, it
is imperative upon us to go on and act upon every
amendment that may be pending or offered to the
bill, and report the bill to the House. While I
concede that you may lay aside a bill before the
House has closed debate upon it, I make the
Eoint that you cannot do it after the debate has
een closed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the point of order is well taken. The House
has ordered the debate to be closed upon this bill.
The order is, that the committee shall proceed to
vote upon such amendments as may be pending,
or offered to the bill, and then report the bill to the
House. We are acting under that order.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, we can lay aside the
bill for the present, and resume its consideration
hereafter.
124
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order made by the gentleman from Mich-
igan.
Mr. JONES. From that decision I appeal.
Mr. ORR. I ask for tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Asm; and
Disney were appointed.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. If the com-
mittee should resolve to lay the bill aside, and take
up the appropriation bill, what will be the situa-
tion of this bill ?
Mr. DUNHAM. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not the question
before the committee. A motion is made by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to lay
aside this bill and take up the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill. The Chair decides, that inas-
much as the House has closed the debate upon this
bill, and ordered that the committee shall vote
upon the amendments that may be pending or
offered, and then report the bill to the House, it is
not in order to lay the bill aside. From that de-
cision the gentleman from Tennessee takes an ap-
peal.
The question was then put, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee ?
and it was decided in the affirmative—ayes 84,
noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the committee.
Mr. SMART moved that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STANLY. 1 desire to bring this matter
to a close, and get the committee to decide whether
they will amend the bill or not. 1 do not know any
mode in which that question can be more satisfac-
torily tested, than by the one which I now pro-
pose. I desire to offer as an amendment, to come
m at the end of the clause we are now at, the
whole of the bill of last session, omitting only such
items as are provided for in the bill, and with the
addition of three small items—f30,000 for the
navigation of the Cumberland river, $50,000 each
for the Illinois and Tennessee rivers, and $2,000
for the survey of the Pascagoula river, in Missis-
sippi, which the State Legislature has asked the
General Government to improve. This embraces
all the amendments which have been offered, and
if the committee will vote upon it, it will test the
question whether the bill is to be amended or not,
and enable us to get through our labors.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
raise a question of order in reference to that
amendment. The question that I wish to submit to I
the Chair is this, that inasmuch as a large number 1
of the items embraced in the proposition of the j
gentleman from North Carolina, have already j
been presented to this committee and voted upon,
the proposition is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not un-
derstand that the amounts are precisely the same
that have been voted upon; but even if they were,
the Chair thinks that being c®mbined with others,
the amendment would be m order.
Mr. SKELTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, for the reason that it is calculated to kill the
bill, and entirely to destroy the system of the im-
provement of the rivers and harbors of the coun-
try. Upon the same ground, I am opposed to all
the amendments that have been offered here to-day.
Now, sir, upon what principle have the gentlemen
who offered these amendments proposed them?
Upon pure national and patriotic grounds or upon
mere sectional grounds ? They say they want, their
own districts improved, and that is a very com-
mendable desire. So do I want mine improved,
and for that very reason I am opposed to these
amendments. My State gets only $11,000—a very
small sum, and not as large as we are entitled to,
but we are willing to take it rather than destroy
the chance of ever getting anything. What will
be the effect of the adoption of this amendment?
Why, it is very evident that this House will never
appropriate four millions of dollars in a single
year. Last year's session demonstrated that fact,
and I appeal to those who are friendly to these
improvements to vote against amendments of this
kind, and against all amendments, for the reason
that that is the only way in which we can get the
western rivers improved at all.
I have as deep an interest in the West as in my
own State. I should like to see the whole coun-
try benefited, but we must wait. We cannot do
everything in a day. W e might spend a hundred
millions of dollars during the coming year in the
improvement of our rivers and harbors, and spend
it with benefit to the country; but then we cannot
have a hundied millions of dollars to spend in a
single year. We shall destroy the system entirely
by carrying it forward too rapidly." Let us then
proceed gradually and judiciously. If our west-
ern friends are not dealt fairly hy at this session,
let them wait until next session. I will guaran-
tee that there is a disposition on the part of the
members from the East to do ample justice to the
West. 4
Mr. MEADE. I would ask the gentleman if
he proposes ultimately to spend the one hundred
millions of dollars upon internal improvements?
Mr. SKELTON. I have no doubt that that
sum will be spent, in the course of years, gradu-
ally and judiciously. This House has selected a
judicious, high-minded, and intelligent committee
to report on appropriations of this kind. If gen-
tlemen want rivers and harbors improved,let them
submit their propositions to the committee that
has been appointed by the Speaker, and that has
the confidence of the House, and let them be care-
fully examined by that committee. Now, I con-
fess that I cannot judge of the propriety or impro-
priety of the various expenditures on western
rivers, but I trust in the Committee on Commerce.
I have confidence in their integrity; I have confi-
dence in their intelligence, and I am willing to
trust to them, not because 1 believe their report to
be right, judicious, and fair to all sections of the
country, but because I believe that this is the only
plan by which we can carry forward these im-
provements.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
take a recess till seven o'clock this evening.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question now being upon Mr. Stanlt's
amendment—
Mr. APPLETON, of Maine, called for the
reading of the amendment.
It was read as follows:
For n breakwater structure at the harbor of Burlington,
on Lake Cliamplam,
For si breakwater structure at the harhnratPlattsburg, on
Lake Champlaiu, £15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at White Hall, on
Lake Champiam, .$10,000.
For repairs and woikin?of dredge on Lake Champlain.
.$•9,000.
Fur improvement of the harboi at Port Ontario, on Lake
Ontario, .^1."S>000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Big
Sodurf Bay, on Lake Ontario, $-10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the
Genesee river, on Lake Ontario, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbot at Cattaraugus, on
Lake Eric, *.'15,000.
For the impio\ ementof thehaibora! «Vmneaut,on Lake
Erie, $15,000.
Foi the improvement of the haibor at Cunningham^ l*av,
on Lake Erie, $10 OW.
For the improvemem of the harbor at the mouth of Ver-
million river, on Lake Erie, #10,000.
For Ihe linpiovement of the harboi at Huron, on Lake
Erie, .<$10,00!).
For the improvement of the harbor at Sandusky, on Lak?
Erie, .<='30,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Momoc. on Lake
Erie. $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Dubuque, on the
Mississippi river, ,1-20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at St. Louis, on the
Mississippi river. ,v.3U,000.
For a breakwater structme at Great Point, Nantucket*
Massachusetts, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at New Bedford, Mas-
sachusetts, $10,000,
For the improvement of the harbor at Bridgeport, Con-
necticut, $10,000
For the improvement of the harbor at Falmouth, Massa-
chusetts. between Buzzard's Bay and Vineyard Sound,
$4,500. '
For the improvement of the harbor at Newcastle, Dela-
ware, §15,000.
