1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 10,
pleasure, and for their own accommodation > Is
not each and every one of them ordered to the sta-
tion to which he goes, whether on sea or onshore?
An officer who is living in New Hampshire or
Massachusetts receives an order from the Navy
Department^ to proceed to Norfolk and lake com-
mand of the navy-yard there. He goes there,
and the Government has provided a house for him
to live in; is it not necessary to have the house3
The Government has built it. The honorable
Senator does not object to that. The Government
builds the &hip. But the Senator ways the furni-
ture of S'house does not bear the same relation to
the house that the furniture of a ship bears to the
ship. Why not? The only furniture of a ship
that the Government wants for its own purposes,
are the guns, and means of making the ohip an
instrument of defense and annoyance. Tne sofas,
the mirrors, the chairs winch aie put there 
Mr. CASS. A chair is a chair, wherever it is.
Mr. BADGER. Yes,as myfneiuifium Mich-
igan says", a chair i,$ a chair, whether o.j board a
ship or in a house—I say all the?*e o'*e put there
to be used by the officer, and the Govern'ment
gets no benefit from them. The case?... therefore,
are analogous; and if the argument of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire be true, in every in-
stance in which a chair, or any other fm niture, lias
been provided for the use and accommodation of
an officer on board a ship, or in which anything
has been put"on board the ship except what was
necessary as means of war, that law of 183.") has
been violated. But no man will be so absurd as
to maintain that; and, therefore,no man will bo—
I will not say absurd, but so mistaken —a« lo main-
tain the other.
I dislike to see these things raked up to the Sen-
ate, for the purpose of cabins reflections} on the
reputations of gentlemen who were at that time at
the head of the Department, but who aieno longer
here. Besides, the Secretary necessarily makes
his estimates every session of Congress, m which
he states what he wants for this purpo.se, and tbe
sense of Congress has deteimined the interpreta-
tion which they give to the statute, because they
have yearly voted to give the supplies for this as
for other purposes.
Mr. BERRIEN. I have been struck with the
peculiarity of the discussion with which we have
been favored from the chairman of Mie Committee
on Finance upon the subject of deficiency bilks. I
was gratified at tiie explanation which was given
of the origin of such bills. It was pet fertly satis-
factory, I have no doubt, to the Senate. Cut I
had little expected, in the discussion of a bill, the
object of which was to supply deficiencies to meet
the present exigencies of the Government, to have
found a genera! arraignment of the Administra-
tion^ Sir, I am not prepared to enter into a dis-
cussion of that soit at this moment; and I note it
merely for the purpose of having it understood by
the country that this Administration is capable of
a defense when the proper moment amies for
making it.
But 1 rose particularly for the purpose of reply-
ing to the suggestion of the Senator from New
Hampshire. So far ok regards the perfect analo-
gy of the cases which have been stated by the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina, [\Tr. ( voo-
ra,j f think there is not an individual who heais
me who doubts if. But one place of i efuge was
left to the Senator from New Hampshire. It was
that, while the appropriation for the fm nishing of
vessels, and for the furnishing of the Piesidents
House, were made by Jaw, and had received the
sanction of Congress, this act was done ^t thesole
will of the Secretory of theNavy, entirely without
law, and opposed to law. When that suggestion
w made, it at once occurred to me that the Sec-
retary of the Navy could not, of his own funds,
nay for these articles of furniture; that he must
have been furnished by Congress with the funds
which were necessary for such a disbursement;
and, consequently, that the articles of furniture
must be found mentioned in the estimates of the
Secretary of the Navy, made to Congress, and
had,therefore,received theirapprobation! [ asked,
therefore, for any one estimate of the Secretary of
the Navy, m order to test that fact; and I now
offer it to the Senate. It is the general estimate
from the Bureau of Yards and Docks for the year
ending June 30, J&>0, in addition to the balances
remaining unexpended on the first of July, 1849,
"for contingent expenses winch accrued during
the year, for freight and transportation of materi-
als, for stores, for yards and docks,"" &c. ' I need
not read them all; but it goes on and says, " for
postage of letters on the public serviceyfor furni-
ture for Government houses." There is the pre-
cise appropriation, acting upon which'the Secre-
tary of tiie Navy has endeavored to limit this ex-
penditure. Congress has, therefore^ authorized
the expenditure of this appropriation anterior to
the time.
Mr. HUNTER. One remark of the Senator
from Georgia renders U necessary that I should
say a few words. He complains that I have made
a general arraignment of the Administration. I
have not meddled with the economy of the Ad-
ministration, except so far as it is'connected with
this bill. 1 was obliged to show—it was my duty
to show, so far as I could—what was the defi-
ciency; and, for that purpose, it was necessary to
ascertain what it was for. I was obliged, also, to
allude, in reference to this matter—because it has
been largely canvassed—to the question whether
the expenditures were economical. I was obliged
to show how far we were responsible, and how
far the Administration was responsible, i sub-
mit that, in all this, I have not departed from the
line of my duty m relation to the deficiency bill. 1
have not touched the conduct of the Administra-
tion in regard to any matter, which was not inti-
mately and immediately connected with this very
bill.
Mr. BERRIEN. It was not my purpose to
call in question the correctness of the conduct of
the honorable Senator. It was my purpose, not
to charge him with any departure from his duty,
but to express my surprise that the argument by
which the Senate would be induced to vote for the
deficiency bill should be one which would show
the wrong conduct of the Administration under
which the deficiency occuired.
?vlr. ADAMS. J wish to inquire if th i e is any
existing law authorizing the furnishing of houses
for ollu ers *
Mr. BADGER. I cannot answer that. All I
know is, that it has been the uniform custom of
the Government.
Mr. DAWSON. Money has been frequently
appropriated for it.
Mr. BADGER. Yes; every year appropria-
tions have been made for furnishing the houses.
I now make the motion to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
j RECESS.
i Mr. BADGER. I desire now to submit the
j motion that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
! be to meet on Monday next. My friend from
j Missouri, [Mr. Atciusov,] this morning, charged
j me with neglect of my duty to do it; but I now
| make the motion.
I Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Illi-
j nois, the chairman of the Committee on theTerrito-
■ ncs, [Mr. Douglas,] has been ca'kd away by an
j indispensable engagement which he could not
, break. I promised him to renew to the Senate
j his wish that they should meet to-morrow to take
1 up territorial business. T heiie\ e, mvself, it should
be done, and therefore shall vote"for it, and in
i obedience to my promise have mentioned it to the
i Senate.
j Mr. ATCHISON. I shall vote for the motion
, to adjourn over. I know of nothing that is so
j pressing in relation to the Territories. There is
. one bill, in relation to them, that has yet to be
; reported, which I consider highly important. But
that has not been reported, and cannot be acted
on to-morrow. Therefore, I feel no interest in it,
except a general interest to adjourn until Monday.
[Laughter.]
Mr* CASS. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois stated—and I believe such to he the fact—that
if we do not meet to-morrow, the time assigned
by the House for the consideration of teiritorial
subjects will have passed away, and the opportu-
nity to take them up will be lost. He mentioned
three or four things, not of any special interest to
me, but of very great interest to the Territories
that require the notion of Congress. I hope this
will be a sufficient reason for meeting to-morrow.
Mr. A rCHISON. I have not heard from the
chairman of the Committee on the Territories, or
from any member of it, a proposition to take up any
measure connected with the Territories heretofore;
but now the matter, all at once, is of very press-
jog interest, because Monday has been set apart
by the House for the purpose of acting on such
business.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois mentioned it half a do?en times,
Mr. ATCHISON. I do not recollect it.
The morion to adjourn over was agreed to.
REPORTS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, If in order* I desire t©
make a report.
The PRESIDENT. It can only be done by
unanimous consent, as the rule is ihed private bills
shall be considered on Fridays-
Mr. JONES. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Pensions, to which was' referred -the peti-
tion of Susan Campbell? to report it back, and ask
for the adoption of the following resolutions
.RcsoJrerf, 'flint the jrnd aeeompanying doeis^
men to be transmitted to tiie ("oimm^ioner of Pensions, and
that the eommnioe he thsehaigetifrom thelanher consider-
ation thereof.
The resolution was agreed to
Mr. PRATT. As it nay not be in my power
to be here on Monday, I will now, as instructed
by the Committee of Claims, report a bill for the
relief of Hodges & L-nnsdale, and the legal repre-
sentatives of RmaMo Johnson, deceased.
The bill was read a first time, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MALXORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Hiram
Paulding; which was read a first time and- passed
to a second reading,and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PRATT. An o&eer in the Navy—Lieu-
tenant Pinckney—who is just ordered to sea, has
sent me a memorial which he is very anxious to
have presented to the Senate. It represents that
m the publication of the account of Commander
Wilkes\s exploring expedition, great injustice,
I detrimental to his character as a professional man
I and officer of the Navy, has been done him. He
! first applied to the Navy Department on the sub-
! ject: and a letter affixed to his petition from the
j Secretary of the Navy, states that inasmuch as*
| this book has been published by order of theSen-
j ate, the Navy Department could not assume juris-
| diction of the matter. There is atao a letter of
Commander Wilkes, written in 1839, when a me-
morial v/as presented by the same^gentleman, in
which he promised that in future editions of the
work the necessary corrections should be made in
order to make it conform to the truth as repre-
sented by this officer. He now says that whilst
he was at sea two editions of the work have been
published without making the promised amend-
ments, I ask that the memorial be referredto the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. UN OMR WOOD presented the petition of
George Morris, a soldier who had been taken pris-
oner and kept with the Indians three or fouryea'rs,
asking a grant of land as compensation for the
detention; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
PAPERS REFERRED.
Air. UNDERWOOD. Early in the session I
made the motion to refer the petition of the heirs
of Isaac Shelby to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims; but by some means the proper
entry has not been made. I now renew the mo-
tion to take the papers from the file and refer them
to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
II. B. DORSRV.
Mr. G~WXN. The memorial of II. B. Dorsey
was referred to the Committee of Claims, and re-
ported upon adversely by that committee. I have
ascertained, by inquiry of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, that it is a claim that properly belongs
to the Committee on Indian Affairs. I wish now
to move to refer it to that committee.
The PRESIDENT. When was it presented?
Mr. GW1N. It was presented this session, by
myself. It was referred to the Committee of
Claims, and reported back adversely, and is now
on the table for consideration. It went to the
wrong committee. It is a claim which has arisen
out of Indian depredations. My motion is to refer
it to the Committee on Indian Affairs, that it may
have the administrative examination of the bureau,
under the law.
