194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 2,
and stable; but in tlie hands of the progressive
gentlemen, it would be a mere jack o'lantern, lead-
ing the nations of the earth to quagmires and
marshes. Iam not prepared to commit this country,
by my vote, to the new-madeand dangerous policy
of espousing the quarrels and wars of other and
foreign Governments. I am for maintaining our
own national honor and rights, at any and all
times, let the consequences be what they may.
But 1 adhere to the sacred saying, which has with
as become an axiom, "Friendship with all, but
entangling alliances with none." 1 am here, sir, to
do homage to no man living. I am no man-wor-
shipper. If I were, the patriots of my own coun-
try are entitled to my first adoration. But, in the
language of one, upon a very solemn occasion, "1
bow the knee to no power, save God Almighty."
I lick the dust from no man's feet, I care not what
the trappings of royalty or circumstance may be.
I am an American. I am a Tennesseean. Aqd
thosehonorablegentlemen whohavebeen so exces-
sive in their eulogies of the great Magyar—and great
1 admit him to be—will have the same regrets, I
fear, that the same people did, who were foremost,
in their adulations of Mr. Dickens. Yes, Mr.
Chairman, he will write a book, and, I fear, these
eulogistic gentlemen will occupy the same page
1 that Dickens's admirers did in his book. But for
the conservative position which we, who are de-
nounced madly as factiomsts, occupy, our nation
would be precipitated from its ancient moorings.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Molony's
Amendment, and it was rejected.
j Mr. MEADE offered an amendment to the
/amendment, (acopy of which was not obtained.)
_ Mr. M. I am one of those who draw a dis-
tinction, and a very material distinction, between
the honor it is proposed to do Louis Kossuth by
the original resolution, and the ultimate design of
some, if there be any such in this House, to in-
volve this country in difficulties with European
Powers. 1 am opposed to the latter, and in favor
of the former. I believe the questions to be en-
tirely distinct. Permit me, Mr. Chairman, to say
to my brethren of the South, that it seems to me
they have manifested upon this occasion an undue
sensitiveness in reference to this proposition. Do
they intend to imply by opposition to this resolu-
tion, that the march of free principles in Europe
is a march upon the South? If they do, I must
beg leave to part from them. I stand here amongst
the foremost, whenever republican liberty is the
question, to give my aid in every legitimate form
for its progress. I do not believe the establish-
ment of freedom anywhere can operate to the pre-
judice of the South or Southern institutions, and
any undue sensitiveness upon that subject is cal-
culated to do us injury—serious injury with the
lovers of freedom throughout the world, because
we teach them by that means to draw a distinction
between the republicanism of the South and re-
publicanism elsewhere. I admit no such thing.
I assert that tiie triumph of democratic constitu-
tional liberty does not, and cannot interfere with
the Southern institutions. I will not admit there
is a paradox presented by ourinstitutions and the
constitutional liberty we enjoy. They are alto-
gether compatible, and [ shall always" be found
among the foremost in advocating whatever may
legitimately tend to the establishment of freedom
in other parts of the world, but not to the extent
of involving my country in intervention with
European politics. I am opposed to a policy of
that sort; but when the simple question is, Shall
we do such honor to the representative of free
principles in Europe as will give aid and comfort
to those noble hearts who are now beating high
with aspirations for freedom, shall I withhold it5
No, sir; I will not withhold it through the vain
fear that it may recoil upon our institutions. Our
institutions are based upon a firmer principle—aj
firmer foundation; and the march of liberty else-
where is not in conflict with our interests. We ■
at the South, know there would be as much wis-
dom ma man emancipating his infant children be-
fore they have arrived at the years of discretion,
as there^ would be m emancipating the black race.
The difference between the two is, that the chif
dren of the white man will arrive to a period
when they become freemen, and can provide for ■
themselves; the negro never can. A distinction '
drawn by the hand of the Almighty between the !
black and the white race, has placed the negro i
in his present position, and there he must remain,
receiving protection from the white man, and ren-
dering him service for it. The white man must
be served by them as the little boy of ten years
must serve his father, who protectshim. A negro
is always a child. Unless we can stand upon a
principle which is immutable in relation to our
institutions, and also compatible with the great
truths of republican government, we shall be con-
demned; and we are pronouncing our own con-
demnation if we refuse our sympathies to the op-
pressed of other countries. Let us avoid, sir,
even the appearance of it.
Mr. BOCOCK. This debate has been long pro-
tracted, and I have not made ai> attempt before
this in the last two days, to participate in it. Nor
should I have done so now, but for the fact that
the speech which has been just made by my col-
league [Mr. Meade] places me, and those who
have acted with me, m a false position before this
House, the country, and our constituents. He
has assumed in the remarks which he has just
made, that we have been guided solely by a sen-
sitiveness upon the subject of slavery in our course
here.
Mr. MEADE. If in the hurry of my re-
marks I made any such statement, I did not intend
it. I only inferred the thing from the resolution
offered by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly,] and from the fact that the vote here
had partaken in a measure of a sectional charac-
ter.
Mr. BOCOCK. If the gentleman has not in-
tended it, I take this occasion to say for my-
self to this House, and this country, that it is not
the consideration which has chiefly operated upon
me, or any of us on this side, so far as I know.
Mr. MEADE. I am glad to hear it.
Mr. BOCOCK. The vote has in fact been very
far from a sectional one. Gentlemen from Indi-
ana, Ohio, and New York have been prominent
on our side.
I ask upon what principle is it expected that
this resolution is to be adopted? Ts it as a per-
sonal compliment to Louis Kossuth? Nobody
claims that. _ Is it because he is the representative
of a great principle, that we are to honor him in
this House? Now, I ask of what principle is he
the representative? He comes to declare before
this country what principle he represents; and
he is the organ of his own opinions, sentiments,
and wishes. He has proclaimed trumpet-tongued,
" I do not ask your empty compliments; I do not
ask your empty sympathy." He says the sym-
pathy he wants is operative sympathy. He wishes
us to take European affairs under our manage-
ment, and if necessary to fight for Hungary.
When a resolution like this was sent him from
the other end of the Capitol, what did he say ?
He was told it was a compliment. He said no;
I know better than you do. There is a meaning,
a political meaning in it. He was deceived. Well, i
it is not, Louis Kossuth that we are only deceiving, j
In deceiving him, are we not, as was said by my
colleague, [Mr. Rayi.y,] deceiving his countrymen
at home, and deluding the poor Hungarians'? In
aid of his sentiments, we see men in the northern i
States leaping forward as if in eager competition,
to be the first to join in this current. When we
see the thing taking through the country, and the
public mind becoming inflamed, and when we see ;
gentlemen upon this floor rising and uttering such ]
sentiments as we have heard in this debate from '
several speakers, and when we see a majority
here breaking down the rules to carry out their
purpose in this respect,—I ask, is it not time for
reflecting, serious, and sober-minded men to pause
in their course, ere they upturn the lonir established '
policy of the country? We have told'him that he
was welcome to the capital of the country. We
have rendered all that the country, all that magna-
nimity and liberality required. This I willingly
consented to. No man feels more sympathy with
the cause of freedom throughout the* world, or !
with the men who dedicate themselves to it, than I
do. But our first duty is to ourselves.
f am willing to pay compliments and extend
courtesies to the worthy and deserving, if harm-
less. But when we see that serious consequences
are likely to follow from our action, is it not time,
I ask, to pause and reflect? And when gentlemen !
come here, and tell me that with the minority I
have resorted to revolutionary measures, and to a .
factious course, I tell them that the charge they i
make against us applies to them. They have
trampled oil the rules; we have not. They have
resulted to unusual and unprecedented modes of
action; we have not. "We have endeavored to de-
prive such efforts of a successful result, aiid thus
to maintain the rules and protect our own rights.
But for doing so, we are not to be misunderstood
as having no sympathy with Kossuth and his
cause, nor as improperly bringing the institution
of slavery into the arena. We have not done any-
thing to give good grounds for either charge.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to know if it
will be in order to move that the committee rise
and report the resolution and amendments to the
House, arfd to recommend their reference to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. The gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] the other day,
carried to the House, from the committee, a bill
similarly situated.
Mr. STEPHENS. With the permission of the
gentleman, that would not be in order, as it would
cut off debate on the amendments. Suppose the
resolution should go to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, they have to report everything to the
House. I make this suggestion to the gentleman:
Let us adjourn over till Monday. It will be then
in order to move to suspend the rules to introduce
this resolution. If two thirds vote for it, our op-
position ceases. If two thirds do not vote for it,
is it right that less than two thirds of the House
shall pay a compliment to any foreigner, in dero-
gation of the rights of one third of our number?
Now, if gentlemen do not want to be factious,
give it a fair test; meet on Monday next, when.it
is in order to move a suspension of the rules, and
if two thirds vote for it, let it be done.
Mr. RICHARDSON. This question of rules
is a matter about which gentlemen upon this floor
may well differ. I have my own opinions, and
they are as firm and fixed as those of the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] I entertain
them as the representative of the American people,
and I abide by them as firmly as he does. We
differ very often about them. I make the motion
that the committee rise, report the resolution with
the amendments to the House, with a recommend-
ation that they be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affaire.
Mr. STANLY, I ask the Chair, if the com-
mittee rise and report this resolution and amend-
ment to the House, and then the previous ques-
tion be moved, and another gag is forced upon us,
where we will be?
Mr. YENABLE. I understand that previous
question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will ask the Chair, if
we are not at liberty to have such a recommenda-
tion offered by gentlemen, if it is not in the shape
of an amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is debate not
in order?
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is terminated
by the latter branch of the 136th rule. This rule
provides, " that the House may, at any time, by
' a vote of a majority of the members present,
'suspend the rales and orders for the purpose of
'going into the Committee of the Whole House
' on the state of the Union; and also for providing
' 'or the discharge of the Committee of the Whole
' House, and the Committee of the Whole House
' on the state of the Union, fiom the further con-
' sideration of any bill referied to it, after acting
' without debate on all amendments pending, and
' that may be offered." This rule provides, that
the House itself may discharge the Committee of
the Whole upon the state of the Union from the
consideration of any proposition committed to it
without debate, after voting upon all amendments
which have been offered or may be offered. The
committee, by this vote and decision, have deter-
mined that the debate upon this resolution should
terminate. Then, in the opinion of the Chair, it
cannot be reported to the House until all the
amendments pending, and which may be offered,
shall be voted upon. The Chair overrules the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richard-
sox\]
Mr. RICHARDSON. From that decision I
appeal, and demand tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House? Upon that question tellers are called for.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask a single
