1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n,&
question of the Chair: If it is in his remembrance,
that a measure was carried out in committee the
other day upon the motion of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] with precisely the same
recommendation?
The CHAIRMAN. There were no amend-
ments if my recollection serves me. The Cljair
has not a very distinct recollection of the circum-
stances attending that resolution, and would thank
gentlemen to inform him, whether or not debate
had been terminated.
Mr. DUNHAM. There was then no objection
to such proceeding. It was hy general consent.
Mr. STEPHENS. Debate had not yet termin-
ated .
The CHAIRMAN. It is in the recollection of
the Chair, that the debate had not been terminated.
A motion was made that the committee rise and
report the resolution, with a recommendation to
the House to discharge the committee from its
further consideration.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I think the Chair is mis-
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the im-
pression further, that the proposition that the com-
mittee rise was agreed to by unanimous consent.
Mr. RICHARDSON. So much the stronger
for my position.
The CHAIRMAN. There was no ob]ection
to it. There was also a suspension of all rules,
and this resolution could be introduced into the
House in the same way by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I beg to cor-
rect the Chair, and state the facts. I recollect them
perfectly. My motion was first made, as a sug-
gestion to the committee. No member persisted
in taking a vote upon the pending amendment,
and the committee permitted the question to be de-
cided by tellers. It was carried by one vote, and
you will see, by referring to the Globe, that no
member made objection. If any objection had
been made, I should have withdrawn my motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If there was no objec-
tion, it but makes the precedent the stronger. If
passion leads to it 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to correct the
Chair as to one thing. There were amendments
pending, and the quastion arose in the House, as
•to whether those amendments came with the ori-
ginal proposition or not. It was decided that noth-
ing came with the original resolution. The whole
question was presented; and concurred in unani-
mously by this House then, and ought to be now,
I think.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Richardson] appeals from the decision
of the Chair, and upon that question tellers are
demanded.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Cartter and
Cabf.ll appointed; and the question being taken,
the tellers reported—ayes 78, noes 44.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question recurring upon Mr. Meade's
amendment to the amendment, it was taken and
decided in the negative.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to. . .
Mr. TUCK offered the following as an amend-
ment to the amendment, to come in at the end
thereof:
And it is hereby declared to be the judgment of this
Hou«e, that the late intervention of Russia m llie aftans ot
Hungaiv was a violation of the law of nations.
Mr. T. said: That amendment expresses my
sentiments, and 1 sni for speaking them out here,
let who may take offence. _ ,
Mr. CARTTER. I would inquire of the Chair,
whether that amendment is in order? _
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair,
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. SA VAGrE. I wish to ofter an amendment.
Mr! TUCK. 1 have not yielded the floor yet.
The CHAIRMAN. Did the gentleman appeal
from the decision of the Chair, declaringhis amend-
ment out of order? .
Mr. TUCK. No, but I wanted to offer another
amendment.   , ,
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman s amend-
ment was decided out of older.
Mr TUCK. But I offered another.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman lost his
right to the floor when the question, upon which
he obtained it, was ruled out of order) and conse-
quently passed from before the committee. The
floor has been assigned to the gentleman from
T6DA6SS6G 11
Mr. SAVAGE then offered thefollowingamend- jl
ment to the amendment: ||
Resolved, That Congress disapproves tlie political doc- ii
trines of Louis Kossuth, in iflntion to the foreign policy of l|
the United States, and that it is contiary to the practice of |.
tills Government and the spirit of the Constitution to pay ;j
mere personal compliments to individuals. ^
Mr. SAVAGE said: Mr. Chairman, I had i
hoped to have passed through this unpleasant dis- j
cussion without detaining the House by any re- 1
marks upon the subject. But I have felt it my !
duty to offer the amendment just read. It covers |
in brief the many reasons which have controlled j
mv action relative to Kossuth. i
'Far be it from me to entertain sentiments of I
hostility to the so-called great Hungarian. I wish j
every man on earth peace, glory, success, and ■
contentment; nor shall I ever travel out of my
path to lessen the honor of any man, no matter
how unmerited he maj^ wear it. But when a ques-
tion comes up in the line of my duty, no tempest-
uous enthusiasm, no consideiations of safety to
myself, shall drive or deter me from expressing
my honest and deliberate convictions.
I cannot approve the political principles of the
great Hungarian apostle, and there is nothing left
for me to bow to. I have been taught to honor
principles, not men; and especially will I fail to
seek an occasion to pay an unusual compliment to
a man advocating principles the practice of which
will destroy the peace and glory of this proud
Republic. I desire my acts and opinions to ac-
cord with each other.
" Whoever dares think one thing and another tell,
My soul dute&ts him as the gates of hell."
It is right to deal honestly with Kossuth, and I
confess fliave not the ingenuity of paying a com-
pliment to his person and a curse to his principles
by the same act. Besides, I am not sent here for
either purpose. I am the Representative of a por-
tion of the people of Tennessee. I have been
sworn to support the Constitution of the United
States, and am willing to perish in a struggle for
that purpose whenever an Almighty Providence
shall so decree. I have not been sworn to sup-
port the Constitution of Hungary, or to go upon
a crusade for the world's liberty; and I am un-
willing to peril the interests I have sworn to guard
by anmterference with the affairs of the European
States. I am an American, and want no new light
to shine upon my pathway in politics. The star
of Washington has lost to toy vision none of its
charms or brilliancy. It rose in glory with our
Government, to shine eternal and unchanging upon
our political horizon. My feet shall follow but
one path, my eyes shall see but one light,although
many others may glitter in the heavens.
We all know that all the light above us is not
useful or substantial. Although many be the stars
that have shone upon man's dark and dreary des-
tiny, yet other lights have oftentimes come upon
the heavens—not stars of eternity, or of the age or
century, but airy, unsubstantial things—brilliant
illusions, meteors of the moment, that have as-
cended in the dark—we know not when or how—
whose only glory is displayed in their fall.
Sir, I am content with the history of my Gov- (
ernmem. It is a lesson of wisdom. 1 want no i
new apostle, new bible, or new faith. I would not
alter a syllable of the past if I could. I only hope
the future mav be like it. . .
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I presume it is
a matter of very small consequence to the com-
mittee what my position is in regard to this matter,
and I do not state it because of its consequence,
but I ask that a little consideration may be given
to the few words which I am about to utter.
I have desired, from the outset of this discussion,
to take no part whatever in it, but so to regulate
my course as to bring the committee to a direct vote
upon this resolution—the importance of which has
been so much magnified—in order that we might
settle it one wav or the other. We began this
contest last Monday week, when the resolution
was rejected,because it did not receive a two-thirds
vote. The same was the case last Monday; and
now we have been occupied with the subject all
day Tuesday, all day Wednesday, and during the
whole of yesterday.
If we are going to grant this privilege as an act
of courtesy—and it is evident from the general ex-
pression of the House, that if granted at all, it will
be as a courtesy and not as an indorsement—let
us do it at once. My position in regard to this
matter has certainly not been an extravagant one
on either side. I have been voting all along so as
to bring us to a direct vote on the. original resolu- -
tion; and whenever we reach that point I shall vote
against the reception as proposed in that resolution.
That is the position which I occupy. Now let ua
look at the position of the matter itself. Thegen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cautter] lias offered -a
resolution that Kossuth shall be received by , a
committee; but, as I understand it, no one knows
what is to be done when he shall be so received;
we do not know but that it might lead to his de-
I livering an address in this body, and thus sanction
I the implication that he was received here for that
1 purpose, and that we indorsed his sentiments on
1 the subject of intervention. There are, therefore,
i sound and rational objections to that resolution,
j as I think, if such a possibility exist. On the
j other hand, the substitute offered by the gentleman
| from North Carolina [MiVVenable] only pio-
! poses that Kossuth shall be admitted to a priv-
, lleged seat on this floor, as' Father iVIatliew and
! other distinguished foreigners, among them the
compatriots of Kossuth, have been. To that, I be-
lieve, no rational man can object. But we cannot ,
get to the vote on either of those propositions.
Why ? Because there are hundreds of amend- •
ments to the original resolution which must be
perfected before the substitute can be voted on.
I hope, therefore, that after this long debate, we
may be permitted to have a cessation of amend-
ments to the original lesolutions, and may come
to the substitute itself, to which gentlemen can of-
fer such amendments as they desire. Butit seems
to me, that it would be much wiser and more ra-
tional to have a vote upon the substitute at once.
I candidly believe that it would be carried, for ap-
preciating M. Kossuth, as we all do, I believe we
should all be disposed to admit him to a privileged
SeGentlemen must bear in mind, that we have de-
bated this question, not only before the American
public, but before the whole world; every kind of
extravagant consideration connected with the sub-
ject, has been brought in. I hope the Buncombe
'is now exhausted, and that after four days talking,
we may be permitted to have a vote.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sav-
age's amendment to the amendment, and it was
I not agreed to. .
; Mr. BRENTON offered the following amend- /
\ ment to the amendment, viz: ^
! Provided, ficrthcr, T list nothing contained m tins resolu-
1 tion. or any action which may be had (hereon, shall be so
consulted n" to identify any memher ot this House,
Ins own will, with any of the principles advocated by
! "Louis Kossuth.
I Mr B. said: My object in offering this amend-
i ment is not to relieve myself but other gentlemen
' from the fears under which they labor, lest their
i votes should be wrongfully construed by the coun-
! trv By the adoption of that amendment every
1 o-entlenian will, at once, be placed m a position
where he can exercise his own private judgment,
either for or against the principles which have
been advocated by Louis Kossuth.
It has fallen upon my ears most strangely when
I have heard the arguments which havejieen ad-
vanced and the declarations which have charac-
terized this House since the beginning of this de-
bate, that an act of courtesy, extended toLouis
Kossuth personally, involves necessarily tne adop-
tion or recognition of the principles which he ad-
vocates If this position be correct, then when-
ever we condescend to extend the common civili-
ties of life to those who may differ in opinion from
us. we adopt the sentiments which those individ-
ual's may entertain upon any great question what-
soever. There is nothing more erroneous. We
practice upon this principle every day m the ordi-
nary business of life. Is it true, because I invite
a neighbor to partake of the hospitalities of my
house that I necessarily adopt all the abominable
notions he may entertain upon any question what-
ever > Suppose, for instance, the honorable gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] sho^' •
1 under the influence of his known h°spiteIity,t(M-
! der to his distinguished friend from Ohio [Mr.
i G, wings] the hospitalities ot ^ house: Wd t
! be taken for granted that he had adopted the sen
