185*2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1971
unfortunate that an amendment asking appropri-
ations tor the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, should
be encumbered with items which are wholly inde-
fensible upon any principle that would place the
slightest limit upon these expenditures.
The Illinois river takes its rise in the State of
Illinois, and empties itself at the edge of (he State
of Illinois. It is a local and a State stream purely,
and becomes national, according to the argument '
of some gentlemen, because at a high point upon i
its waters it is connected with the lakes by a j
canal, and thereby connects the lakes with "the !
Mississippi and the southern Atlantic States.
Now, sir, I put it to the committee, that if this ;
makes a national stream of the Illinois river, you
can make a national stream of every piece of water i
that flows m any portion of the United States. 1
Upoft the same principle, the Kentucky river is '
now in process of being made a national stream,
although to speak seriously about it, it is a little
river which takes its rise in the mountains of Ken- i
tucky, and empties at the holders of rhe State, and j
upon which, for the greater part of the year, you j
cannot get a steamboat to run without the build- ;
ing of locks and d.ims to carry it up; and yet we \
are building a railroad which will connect its i
waters with the Southern, Atlantic, and the Gulf
States. It is as much a national stream as the Il-
linois river is a national river. '
I am opposed, sir, openly and unalterably op- 1
posed, to appropriations to local State streams. j
Well, sir, Big Sodus Bay. I had supposed that ;
Big Sodus Bay was in tlv* bill, and not Little
Sodus Bay, and a great many irentlemen were of,
the same opinion. But it turns out that Big ,
Sodus is excluded, and Little Sodus put in. The ;
committee have worded it artfully—" for the mi- j
provement of Sodus bay, Lake Ontario, Cayuga :
county, New York,"&.c. I understand that Big
Sodus and Little Sodus are but a few miles apart; :
that very little commerce goes into either of them; ,
that there are not two hundred people at either :
place, but that they are intended principally for '
harbors of refuge. "What do we want with two
harbors of refuge within five or six miles of each
other The time does not suffice to enter into tins 1
matter, but I protest against meritorious appio-1
priations being endangered by a connection with ;
others which ought not to pass.
Mr. MASON. I move to add ^50,000 for the ■
Kentucky river, $20,000 for the Big Sandy; [laugh- i
ter;] and $50,000 for the Wabash. i
I voted against this bill at the last session of j
Congress, because the committee could not amend j
it so as to make it national. I believe this bill to |
be strictly national, according to the views of j
some gentlemen as to what makes a bill for inter- |
nal improvements national—that is, that there !
is some appropriation in it for his particular dis-
trict and locality. [Laughter.] I think that is 1
the correct definition of nationality as applied to j
making internal improvement bills in this Con-:
gress. i
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con- :
fine his remarks to the three rivers named in his :
amendment. j
Mr. MASON. I am doing so; and the princi- j
pie and definition laid down bringsrmy river in.
[Laughter.] Big Sandy is in my district. [Laugh-
ter.] That, sir, acting upon the principle which
controls the action of others here, renders it en-
tirely national. [Laughter ] The bill reported
by the committee, not including that river, if?, of
course, not national to me. My colleague from
the Lexington district, [Mr. Breckinridge,]
through whose district the Kentucky river runs,
cannot vote for this bill unless that stream is in-
cluded, for that would be entirely against princi-
ple.
Now, sir, I do not expect to vote for this bill,
because I have no idea in the world that Big Sandy
will be included. [Laughter.] I cannot possibly
vote for a bill unless it is national, by being con-
nected with my district. [Laughter.]
The fact is, Mr. Chairman, the whole matter is
a perfect farce. When gentlemen undertake to
lay down a system for national internal improve-
ments, they turn it into a burlesque by making
appropriations for so many little local improve-
ments near or in their own districts. I shall vote
against this bill, because, though ostensibly a na-
tional one, and laid down upon principles, it is in
reality a scramble for appropriations to particular
localities.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I call the gentleman to
order. He is speaking against his own amend-
ment? [Laughter.]
Mr. MASON. 1 make my remarks under the
idea that my amendment will not be earned.
Mr. ALLISON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. Let us have the vote.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. CARTTER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the impiovement of the navigation of Salt river,
j-53,1 OJjUU >, to Ik? expended before lite 4th of March next,
uuder "tlit; direction of the Secietaiy of the Trca&uiy.
[Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, this amendment has been sug-
gested to me .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
Mr. CARTTER. Does the gentleman deny
the nationaluy of this river? [Laughter ]
Mr. JONES. I had supposed that the friends
of those who were to sat! up that river would pro-
; vide for its improvement. [Renewed laughter.]
I Mr. CARTTER. If my friend from Ten-
! nessee had noticed the particular phraseology of
| the amendment, he would not have risen to a
| question of order. I provide in that amendment
[ that the appropnation shall be exptnded under
i the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
| with a view of leaving it in the hands of its
j friends, [laughter,] presuming that he will notmis-
i appropriate it. [Renewed Inushter.] But there
1 is no doubt about the nationality of that stream.
It has been nationally navigated for a great many
years. I have been up it myself recently. [Laugh-
ter.] I know something of its navigation, and
from what little observation I have made, J know
that it has snags in it; and I do not wish to leave
to those who have got to take the passage quite
as hard a trip as I have had. 1 hope it will be
voted early, with a view of providing an open
navigation there in season, for somebody has got
to occupy it. [Laughter. | The prospect now is,
that the gentlemen who are in favor, par excellence,
of improvements of rivers will have occasion to
occupy it, and I ask them to come forward and
vote for it. There can be no equivocation as to
its nationality. It runs through all of the States,
and through all of the distiicts of the States.
[Laughter.] It embraces a portion of all the
constituencies, and therefore must be of necessity
national; and if you depart from the works which
ought to be legitimate—works upon the high seas
of the nation—and go to expending the national
treasure upon rivers, 1 insist this one shall have
the first place.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is not my intention to
reply to my colleague. I appeal to gentlemen
whether we are not doing injustice to ourselves,
and whether we should not proceed to vote upon
this bill. Can weadd to ourown reputation and to
the character of the country by this trifling?
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. G. I know when I am in order, and I am
arguing in behalf of those very gentlemen who
are calling me to order. What is the scene we
have presented to the country for the last three
days? Amendments have been offered which no
man expected to carry.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. GIDDIN'GS. My colleague does not ex-
pect to carry his amendment, I am sure. I am
opposed to the amendment of my colleague, and
also to that submitted by the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. CARTTER. My opinion is, that if we
continue this character of legislation the majority
of the members of the House will be interested in
the appropriations.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman mustcon-
fine his remarks to the appropriation for Salt
river. [Laughter ]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do verily believe if we go
on three days longer that we will all have to travel
up Salt river, [laughter,] for we are now trifling
with our own reputation and the character of the
country.
The question was put, and the amendment of
Mr. Cartter. was rejected.
Mr. SMART. 1 move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. MEADE demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Williams and Scurry were
appointed.
The question was taken, and the committee
refused to rise, the tellers having reported'—ayes
56, noes 69.
The question then recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky.
Tellers were demanded, and ordered; and
Messrs. Moi^ontt and Hunter were appointed.
The question was put, and the amendment was
disagreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes
41, noes 71.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I move to strike
out from the clause under consideration the word
repair," and in its stead to insert the word " re-
moval;" so that the appropriation will be for the
removal instead of the repair of the Cumberland
dam.
It will, Mr. Chairman, be recollected by the
committee that opposite the mouth of the Cum-
berland river is the Cumberland Island, and that
the main channel of the Ohio river runs between
the Cumberland Island and the Illinois shore. An
appropriation was made by Congress to construct
a dam from the head of the Cumberland Island to
the Illinois shore, for the purpose of diverting the
.main channel of the river from the Illinois and
to throw it upon the Kentucky shore, and thereby
to improve the harbor of Southland—if I may call
it a harbor. The dam was constructed. It has
not benefited the harbor of Smithland, but it has
destroyed the navigation of the main channel of
the river. It may be urged that the navigation of
the mam channel has been destroyed by the
breaking down of the dam, but my information is
—and I have received it, being a member of one
of the committees, from certain persons who ap-
peared before it—that you cannot, by the con-
struction of any dam there, make the navigation
as good as it was by the natuial channel. Then,
sir, if it does not improve the na\igation of the
Ohio, why have it repaired ? Remove itand let the
river be in the condition it was before the con-
struction of the dam. You have placed there an
obstruction, and it is the duty of the Government
to remove it, unless it will improve navigation.
But it is said that it will improve the Cumberland
river. It may improve the entrance into that por-
tion of the channel which is next to the Kentucky
shore; but how can it improve the Cumberland
river? It may facilitate the entrance to that river,
but will it improve the navigation of the river
above the entrance? What good will that effect?
None, but to allow boats to land with more facility
at Smithland. And is the whole country, is the
whole commercial interest connected with the
navigation of that river, to be tied down to the in-
terest of Smithland ? Is every other interest to
give way for the purpose of building up a small
town there? The object of the amendment is to
remove that obstruction.
Mr. GREY. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia, and
am authorized to assure this committee that the
gentleman is very greatly mistaken in his intima-
tion that the " Cumberland dam" was built for
the benefit of the town of Smithland. It was
built for the purpose of improving the navigation
of both the Ohio and the Cumberland rivers, and
I will show to this committee how fully, and in
what way, it effected the purposes of Us erection;
for, sir, I am intimately acquainted, from frequent
personal observations, with the localities at and
about that point.
" Cumberland Island" is opposite the mouth of
Cumberland liver. Those two rivers are running
nearly a west course, when the Ohio, about three
fourths of a mile above Smithland, divides itself
around the island, one division of us wateis com-
ing into the Cumberland immediately opposite
Smithland, (which is on the Kentucky side of the
Cumberland river,) the other parsing to the north,
or Illinois side of the island: the Illinois being
very greatly the widest, but about the same in
depth with the Kentucky chute; but the shoal,
or bar, which was the greatest obstruction in the
Cumberland, was at or near the confluence of the
two rivers, which is about two miles below Smith-
land. The dam from the head of the island to the
Illinois shore, forced the main channel of the Ohio
through the narrow, or Kentucky chute, into the
Cumberland, immediately at Smithland; thence
down the Cumberland, and thus deepened the
water at the junction of the Cumberland with the
