196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2,
meats of that gentleman? and would the country
become alarmed with the fear of his becoming a
Free-Soiler ? If so, they would come to that con-
clusion against every principle of common sense.
The most that could be made out of it would be
this: that the gentleman from North Carolina
had, in the kindness of his heart, thrown open
his doors, and, while detesting the sins of the
party, he loved the sinner. Mr. Chairman, I have
sufficient confidence in the intelligence of the peo-
ple of this country, and especially in that of the
people whom I have the honor "to represent. I
believe they will distinguish between the personal
reception of this distinguished individual and the
adoption of his principles. If Louis Kossuth had
come to this country on his responsibility, by his
own funds, as a private individual, I would be
ready to do him honor, and the country would
be ready to do him honor; for I know we are
ready and willing to extend this honor to individ-
uals of high rank from foreign countries, and we
are especially willing to pay those honors to the
poor and downtrodden who have fled from for-
eign despotism, when they shall land upon our
shores; but we extend this honor to them without
adopting their principles.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I desire to say a
few words to set myself right upon this question.
I was originally in favor of this resolution, and I am
still ill favor of it, because it is paying respect to a
great principle of liberty which I recognize as re-
publican. But although I am in favor of paying
this tribute of respect, I have voted with the minor-
ity in this committee, and I cannot consider that
a factious minority, as we are acting under the
rules and orders of this House, and those rules and
orders are the statutes of this country—as much
so as any other statutes until they are repealed.
As I liave stated, I have voted with the minority
upon several occasions, because this resolution was
introduced here in violation of the rules, of the
House, and in violation of the decisions of the
honorable chairman of this committee, and there-
fore I say that the minority were not acting fac-
tiously. They were acting under the rules and
orders of this House, and "they have the right so
to act. Though I had intended to vote for the
resolution, yet I have voted witli the minority, be-
cause the rules of the House were violated by its
introduction. With this explanation, I shall vote
for the resolution, though I am opposed to inter-
vention; and in voting for it T wish to he under-
stood that 1 do not indorse the doctrines of Louis
Kossuth. . 1 shall support the same policy—the
policy of Washington—in relation to intervention,
which has always been supported by this Con-
gress since the foundation of this Government,
With this explanation I take my seat.
Mr. GORMAN. I understand that gentlemen
are permitted to speak five minutes for and against
an amendment, by a rule which was adopted do-
ling the last Congress. I ask the Chair if I am
right?
The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman is correct.
Mr. GORMAN. Then the rule provides that
one gentleman may be permitted to speak jive min-
utes in favor of the amendment, and another in
opposition to it the same length of time. I rise
to say, that I hope the Chairman will enforce this
rule, and not allow two gentlemen to speak upon
one side of the same amendment. I hope the
friends of the resolution will not speak at ail.
The question was then taken upon ?vfr. Bunx-
tok's amendment to the amendment, and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. POLK oflered the following amendment:
When the Committee on Foreign Atfa>r« =Im!I ivpoit, till
of mtervemtonhaVI! a" 0l>P011linitJ't0 on the'suliject
_ -The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
m order.
, "Vr" POLK. Upon what ground does the
cnoirman.rule my amendment out of order?
evan.-y Up°n the S''ound °fi"'el-
Mr. POLK. Then I move to strike out in the
amendment the word "distinguished;" not fh\t I
am not willing to award to Kossuth all the honor !
to which he is entitled, but I do it for the purpose !
of enabling me to express my views upon this :
question. If I understand it correctly, the Presi- !
dent ot the United States directed our diplomatic 1
agent at Constantinople to invite Kossuth to this !
country. Three days after, if I understand ihe i
record, Congress passed a resolution inviting him
I here. Here is a double duty. The President
j first,and Congress afterwards sanctioning theExe-
: cvstive power. And not only that, but an Ameri-
! can vessel is sent to bear him to our shores. He
[lands here and becomes the nation's guest. He
j comes to Washington; and what does Congress
| do ? It says, "Mr. Kossuth, your sentiments are
j such that we cannot receive you in our delegated
i capacity." No. You pass a resolution three or
j four days after the beginning of the present Con-
i gress in which you invite him to the capital of
! the country. And now, how does the case stand?
j Kossuth is here by the invitation of this House,
■ with but sixteen votes in the negative—for I re-
i I member the yeas and nays were called—but six-
!] teen were found to vote against giving to the great
Magyar a reception worthy of himself and the
cause in which his country has fallen. By your
own invitation he stands at your portals, and
what are you doing? You are consulting whether
you will receive him or not. You invite a guest,
and then call a family circle to discuss the propri-
ety of receiving him. Kossuth is in the city. He is
under the very portals of your Capitol, and here
we are debating the question as to whether we
will receive him! Gentlemen upon the other side
i of the House have indulged in epithets, and have
| even used the word "falsehood" to the majority,
because we dare tfi exercise our rights. Sir, we
dare to proclaim them factionists, and we dare to
stand by the consequences. We-have done noth-
ing to elicit this charge. I belong to that major-
ity, and I will give my vote for any reception
which I may deem proper and just; and that
minority must understand that I will not share in
any opprobrium or epithets of that character.
When they fling stones of that kind tliey must
take care that they do not 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Chairman, I hope that
we shall soon come to a vote upon this question;
and I know if I do not get the floor now, some
|l one else will, to fill out the five minutes that would
ij be appropriated in opposition to the amendment of
jj the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk.] I do
j not know that my opinions are of any consequence
j: here or elsewhere, upon this question. And 1 have
i no solicitude whatever, sir, as to what conclusion
j! may be drawn from my vote, in favor of this
| resolution to receive Governor Kossuth—none
:! whatever. I shall not travel out of my way for
| the purpose of making a declaration to Russia, If
I you interfere again in the affairs of Hungary there
j will he no danger from us. If there were no other
1 reason in the world why I would refuse to make
! such a declaration, it would be that, and thatalone,
\ that while it would palsy the arms of patriots
j struggling for liberty, it would nerve the arm of
ij the tyrant that is now stretched over them. Gen-
ii tlemen say they are as much the friends of Kos-
jj suth and his cause as we are. I shall not question
| their motives; but let me ask them what the effect
■; of their opposition is? Who are they who first
II upon this floor talked about incorporating a prin-
[, cipleupon that simple resolution ? Were they the
jj friends of this resolution ? No, sir; but the enemies
, j of it, who, looking far into the future for something
i to embarrass us, must go out of their way to de-
i j clare that they will or will not do thus and so.
]' Sir, 1 had just as leave, and rather, that Russia
11 should infer from our action here that we intended
:J to interfere. I will not say what I would do, but
it seems to me he is not a wise statesman who,
jj without knowing anything about the extent of the
J danger that surrounds the future—who, without
! knowing anything about what governments we
j may get into difficulty with, or what embarrass-
j ments may result to our commercial relations, or
ii what the extent of our interests involved, yet goes
I out of the way to try his hand upon a principle
j of that kind. Sir, I hope the friends of this reso-
iution will cease offering amendments; for if we
j cease offering them, the five minute speeches will
soon be ended. Let the enemies of ihe resolution
: talk alone and take the consequences. So far as
! I am concerned, I am not so much mystified as
j some others at the result.. The country can know
; just as well, whether this resolution pass or not.
, who were and who were not in favor of it, and
j the motives by which they were governed. Gov-
i ernor Kossuth himself is too intelligent not to
j know, that though this resolution may not pass,
I that there are two to one in favor, and that it is 1
by resort to parliamentary manoeuvres that it is
defeated.
A Voice. Two to one cannot suspend the
rules.
Mr. STEPHENS^pf Georgia, (interrupting.)
If the gentleman will allow me 
Mr. ROBINSON. I cannot be interrupted in
a five-minute speech. The gentleman lias had
two or three speeches. The gentleman from Geor-
gia bases his opposition upon the rules, and that
if we set them aside, we are in a revolution. Does
not every gentleman know, who has been here a
sufficient length of time, that nothing is more
common than that when a majority desires, they
override the rules ?
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Polk,] and it was rejected.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi; oflered the fol-
lowing amendment:
And be it understood, that the House of Representatives
declines at this time to express any opinion as to whether
this Government will or v.!If not interfere in the wars thai
may hereafter oecur between other nations.
Mr. BROWN. I have offered this amendment
in good faith.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not strictly in order. It
does not connect itself with the resolution.
Mr. BROWN. I will change the resolution so
that it will read in this manner:
Be it understood, that the Hoase of Representatives
declines at this time* to express any opinion as to whether
this Government will or will not be indifferent to the doc-
trines of Kossuth.
I offer this amendment in good faith. When,
a little more than twelve months ago, I voted to
send a national ship to bear this distinguished
man to our shores, I did it, sir, that he might
come here in the character of an emigrant. I
never dreamed—as I am sure no member of the
last Congress ever dreamed—that he was coming
here as a propagandist of new doctrines. I ap-
peal to every member of this Congress, who was
a member of the last House of Representatives,
if any member supposed he was coming here upon
any such mission ? The first we hear of his in-
tentions was in one of his English speeches—I
think m his Southampton speech—when foy the
first time he made it known that he was coming
to procure the intervention of this Government in
the struggles that were going on in the Old World.
I do not desire that our action here, either in in-
viting this distinguished man to this country, or
inviting him to come to take a seat within the bar
of this House, shall be construed into any ex-
pression of opinion upon the subject of his doc-
trine of inteivention. And why? 1 can very
readily imagine that in the progress of human
events a case may arise in which it may become
important for this Government to interfere. No
such ease has, in my judgment, arisen vet. But
I would not, by saying that we never would inter-
fere, cut ourselves off from the possibility of do-
ing so if a case should arise. So much has been
said upon this subject, not only by that distin-
guished man himself, but by his friends in Con-
gress and out of it, that the inference may be drawn
that we either intend to indorse his doctrines upon
the one side, or that we do not upon the other,
that, in my judgment, it is imperative upon us to
say whether, m our action here, wc do intend to
express a judgment pro or con. Surely this can-
not wound thesentimentof the distinguished Gov-
ernor oi Hungary. But whether it does or does
not, we are here the representatives of the Amer-
ican people, not responsible to Kossuth, but to the
people of this country—responsible fQr the exer-
cise of an important trust, and the manner in
which we shah exercise it will have an important
bearing upon the present and future peace and
prosperity of the country. I have done nothing
and I shall do nothing captiously. 1 am willing tt>
do all proper honors to this distinguished man,"but
I am not prepared to show him such honors oa
never have been shown to any living man. If it
is the will of his friends to vote him°an invitation
within the bar of this House, when we have suffi-
ciently discussed the question to show to the
American people that we do not intend to indorse
his doctrine, then I am willing to withdraw oppo-
sition and invite him in. But you cannot separate
this distinguished man from the great principles he
