1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
decide that a motion to postpone to a day certain
ts not in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, for the reason that
the demand for the previous question is pending.
Mr. BROOKS. But that decision of the Chair
was reversed the other day.
The SPEAKER, if the gentleman from JNew
York will allow the Chan*, lie will say that the
gentleman has not stated the decision to which he
alludes correctly. That was not a case equiva-
lent to the present one. There wasthen a motion
pending to postpone to a day certain, pending
which the previous question was demanded and
seconded, and the main question was ordered to
be put.' The Chair then decided that the previous
question did not cut off the motion to postpone.
That was the decision to which the gentleman
refers, and the circumstances of the case were to-
tally unlike the present. No such motion was
pending in this case when the previous question
was demanded—none whatever. The decision of
the Chair is, that no new motion can be made to
amend, to commit, or to postpone while the pre-
vious question is pending.
Mr. BROOKS. After the main question has
been ordered to be put, will it not be in order then
to make the motion ?
The SPEAKER. It will not. No such mo-
tion can be made during the operation of the pre-
vious question. In the other case, which has been
alluded to, the question was, whether the ordering
of the main question affected a motion pending
before it was ordered. Since that time, however,
the Chair has become satisfied that liis decision
was incorrect, according to parliamentary law.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 have no doubl the decision
of the Chair is correct. I wish only to know
how to be guided in future.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is willing to have
his decision criticised, corrected, or evposed to the
House.
Mr. DOTY. I will withdraw my demand for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 desire to
inquire of the Chair, whether, if the mam ques-
tion is not ordered to be put, the question will not
come up" again to-morrow and every succeeding
day, until it is disposed of?
The SPEAKER. It will come up to-morrow.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then it cannot alter the
question at all, if it is postponed.
The main question was then ordered to be put—
ayes 104, noes not counted.
Mr. POLK, I believe now, that by the decis-
ion of the Chair, a motion to lay the whole mat-
ter on the table is in order. I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. As there has been no action
by the House affecting the proposition belme the
House, since a similar motion was made and loted
down, the Chair repeats the decision made some
weeks ago, by him, upon that point, that the mo-
tion is not, at this time, in order.
Mr, POLK. If I am not mistaken, there has
been two distinct votes taken since the other mo-
tion, to lay upon the table, was voted down.
The SPEAKER. There has been no amend-
ment voted on, no vote upon sending it to a com-
mittee, nor anything which would be likely to
change the disposition of the House with reference
to it : and upon that ground, the Chair decides
that the motion is not. Ill order That has been
his decision heretofore, and he is disposed to ad-
here to it, unless overruled by the House.
Mr. STANLY, ts it not now in order to move
to postpone to a day certain *
The SPEAKER. Not in the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. As we have
progressed thus, far in this business, and as we
nave been always taking steps backward at every
opportunity, I move to reconsider the vote just
taken, by which the mam question was oidered
to be put, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table—if the motion is in order—so that we
cannot retrograde in our action.
The SPEAKER. That, motion is in order.
The question was put, and the motion to recon-
sider was laid upon the table.
Mr. GORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
address the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled to
one hour to close the debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a point of order.
Tke'Chair will recollect that it has been twice de-
cided, the present session, that, upon a motion to
refer, that right did not arise. I also make the
further point, that the gentleman from Indiana,
yesterday, declared to the House that he had made
no report from the Committee on Printing, and if
such was the fact he has no right to close debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. But the House decided that
he did make a report.
Mr. POLK. I desire to say to the gentleman
from North Carolina, that he appealed to me yes-
terday, and I withdrew the motion t,o lay upon the
table, in order to give Viim an opportunity to make
a speech.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am aware of that. I
know that it is a well-settled question, that the
chairman of the committee has the right to be heard
before the question is finally disposed of; but I
doubt whether he can do so upon the motion to
refer.
The SPEAKER. The 34th rule provides that
•- No member shall occupy moie than one hour m debate
in the 11 uiisc or Committee; but a member reporting the
meaMiie under eonKiileiation from a committee may open
and close debate."
The Chair thinks that, under this rule, he has
no discretion, and overrules the point of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal from that decis-
j ion, and upon it 1 ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to lay the
I appeal upon the table. The Speaker has decided
i this matter as his predecessor did.
The question was put, and the appeal was or-
! dered to lie upon the table.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. GORMAN. I did notintendagain toaddress
' the House upon this subject, after the brief expla-
nation 1 gave when 1 made what has been deter-
mined by the House to be a report. A disposi-
tion upon the part of the House was manifested
to hear what the Committee on Printing had done
in relation to this matter. Whisperings went
round this Hall, that there was something behind
the committee did not desire to have made known.
My own honor, as I then stated, and the honor of
the committee, demanded that I should report the
facts of the case to the House, for its information.
I was not instructed by the joint committee to
i make that report, and I did not intend that it
i should be considered as a regular report from that
| committee. I do not propose now to go into the
\ general merits. I have a few things, however,
I that I desire to say, and 1 shall endeavor to con-
fine myself as much as possible to the points
| which 1 desire the House to hear me upon.
What is the state of things m relation to this
matter now? The Committee on Printing, tinder
, the law which lias been read over and over again
I during this debate, have the power to remedy any
neglect that may occur on account of the inability
of the public printer to execute his contract. That
1 committee, by a unanimous vote, as has been
stated to the House, declared that Mr. Hamilton,
the public printer, had failed to execute his con-
tact in almost every particular, and there was no
remedy left them but to adopt such measures as
their judgment in the premises mightchctate. Un-
der the power gi\ en them, they did execute that
[ judgment in the best manner they could under the
ciicunistanc.es. But it so happened, as the com-
mittee was constituted, that no one could com-
niaiid the votes of a majority of the committee;
and, consequently, the printing which the public
printer had neglected to execute, was not taken
from him. We found that some seventy-six of
your reports, which had been placed in the hands
of the public printer, had never been touched; we
found that of all the work which had been pre-
sented to the committee for their examination, not
! a single copy came up to the requirements of the
contract. In view, then, of the total failure of the
public printer to execute his contract, the commit-
I tee deemed it their duty to adopt measures to get
some one else in Ins place to do what he could not
' or would not do. This, I suppose, will sufficiently
explain the reasons for our action.
Now, Mr. Speaker, of the motives which have
been attributed to that committee, 1 have some-
thing to say; and, if I deal in words which bear
as strongly upon others as the implications of
others have upon this committee, I trust gcntle-
1 men will bear with me. And, if the language I
shall use towards them shall hurt, they know
where it comes from. That is understood.
It has been said that this committee acted with
a view of accomplishing a party purpose to plun-
der the public Treasury; not that the committee
proposed to plunder the public Treasury them-
selves, but that Donelson & Armstrong, and the
editor of the Republic, proposed a coalition to this
end. That is what I understand the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] to say.
Now, sir, I do not know what understanding may
have taken place between the editor of the Repub-
lic and the editors of the Union; but I wish to say
to the gentleman from North Carolina, that the
Committee on Printing never consulted with
Gideon & Co., not one word was ever heard from
them. No one was consulted with, except Don-
elson & Armstrong, from the beginning to the end,
so far as my knowledge extends, unless some
Whig member of that committee may have con-
sulted with others in private. If they "did, it never
came to the knowledge ef the committee, as a com-
mittee, nor to me individually. This subject of
public printing, therefore, has always been a bone
of contention before the country. Now, I say-
again, that that committee have been acting upon
this matter for two months. They have been try-
ing to adopt some measure to remedy this neglect
for more than two months. For myself, I can say
to the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clincjman,] that I have, fiom the beginning, and
until the last final vote was taken, voted against
the Republic. That last and final vote was given
the day before 1 reported what I did to this House.
I have continued rather faithful against them, than
faithful for them, for I had been voting for others
to have this patronage from first to last.
Whatever Boyd Hamilton could not do under
his contract—whatever he would fail to do—that
part, and that part alone, did I ever think we had
a right to give to anybody else. Now, the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clinoman] says
that we undertake to impose upon this House' a
public printer without consulting t he in. Is that
the record ? We undertake to propose to certain
printers in the city of Washinton to do—what?
To do some work which the public printer has
failed or neglected to do. How do you know
says my honorable friend from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clixgman] that he has failed ? Have we
not examined the specimens? Have we not ex-
amined the copies which he furnished to us ?
Have we not examined the character and style of
the printing, the impression, the ink, the paper?
That is our business, and if we had failed in that,
we should have been derelict in our duty, and I
should have failed to recognize in myself a princi-
ple which 1 would apply to others, and" I should have
failed to do that myself winch 1 denounced others
for not doing, if I had not looked to the type, the
press-work, the ink, the paper, and everything, to
see whether or not it complied with the contract-
Then, have we undertaken to elect a public print-
er ? 1 understand that when you propose to elect
a public printer, you propose to give into his hands
the whole printing of Coiigiess. We have made
no such proposition. A decided majority of the
Printing Committee, so far as 1 have understood
them, ore in favor of giving the contract system a
full and fair test; and, from the indications in this
House, I should judge that there is a majority in
this House in favor of giving that contract system
a fair test. The gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Clingman] insists that it will not be giving
itafairtest. He tells the House that the action
of the committee will destroy the contract system,
when that committee conies up and says that this
public printer shall have eveiy job that he can do
in accordance with his contract. When we show
in that report that he has failed to doit—when we
show that we do not propose to give to any one
else a single job, except what he fails or neglects
to do, in the language of the law, we also say that
we intend to hold him to a strict accountability
upon his bond. We say that the next remedyis,
to put that bond in suit, to recover whatever excess
we have to pay. We aie carrying out the letter
of the law, precisely as you have directed us.
The law of the land has prescribed those duties.
It says that your public printer shall be held re-
sponsible for any excess paid for printing, which
he has failed or neglected to perform, over Kis
contract price. We propose to hold him respon-
sible for this excess, if we have to pay any.
But the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman,] in the face of these facts, says to the
House that we are undertaking to destroy the con-
