1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Donelson & Armstrong, right and left, and Tor no
other reason, as I am induced to believe, than that
ihey had opposed the action of the Nashville dis-
union convention, and wovild not submit to the
doctrine of the right of secession without cctuse >
and at the will and pleasure of a State.
.The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingmah] would not have me call him aDiS-
unionist, for I suppose that he would deny it m
its offensive sense. But the gentlemen who ha\e
been known as Secessionists or State-Rights Se-
cessionists, it seems are determined to proscribe
the.friends of the compromise if they can. 1
know that most of the so-called State-Rights men
are sound and thorough Democrats. But, sir, we
ought not and carmot submit to be ruled or ruined
by a small section of the party any more: we have
felt this before, and have been defeated by it, and
yet have tolerated their recreancy; but I bid adieu
to the hopes of success if it has to be purchased
at the expense of our long-established principles.
Defeat is much better than success, if we aieto
be dragooned into a toleration of factions and fa-
natics, North or South. The gentleman from
North Carolina led off the la.st Congress with de-
nunciations, strong-, loud, and burningagamst this
glorious Union. Sir, the first voice that was
heard here last Congress sending denunciations
against this Union, and the action of this Govern-
ment under the Constitution of the country, came
from that gentleman from North Carolina. That
war he has kept up with a perseverance worthy
of a better and more patriotic cause; up to tins
hour he stands here read y to destroy the harmony
of both the great parties of the country, his object
being seen only in the distance. Sir, parties are
essentially necessary in a liberal Government like
ours—they hold in check the usurpation of power;
they check the extravagance of Government; they
act as censors over each other's enor; and are
calculated to stimulate all to a higher national pa-
triotism. lie may say he loves'"this Union, but
he lias a very exalted opinion of a S«)uthern Con-
federacy. Hts acts, his record, his convention,
are all to that point, and have been evu* since I
have known him. I would like to know now where
is the combination ? 1 see a cordiality between
these extremes that is big with, meaning \vhene\er
any question comes up involving, diiectly or indi-
rectly, or even by implication the compromise
measures of the last Congress—my friend from
New York, [Mr. Ki\*g,] with Gidjmntgs & Co.,
and the Southern extremes, cheek-by jowl, m fra-
ternal cooperation, to proscribe and putaside Don-
elson & Armstrong, who are known to be as tine
men and as true JDemociats as any in the land.
Sir, if these elements are to triumph, and every
Democrat is to come under then ban, defeat is pref-
erable by far. It is folly U> hmnken to professions
of acquiescence in these measures, if it is to <;i\e
them power to proscribe whom they please. In
this coalition the venerable gentleman fiom Ohio
[Mr. (Biddings] has been faithful, and promises
fair to keep the faith. Keen the faith, my venera-
ble friend ! [Laughter.] be faithful to your m-
stim ts.
Sir, where is the next coalition? The gentle-
man fiom Mia.nf.sippi, [Mr. ibiows',] who pi idea
himself upon his ultra Southern \lews, after lie
had m idehw speech the olbei day, and had aha. ^e;l
coal'"on upon ihis ^nhie-M, who ca.ae np .md'al-
mo.st emoSoped lum 11 then- eai'er > "VV'hv,
the honorable ircrJeman from New Yo: !•;, [Air.
Photon King,] the leader of the Tree-Soil party,
and the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Raktoul,] and thehonorable ireiitleman o\ er
the way, [Mr. Steves*, of Pennsylvania.] All
were cordial to him indeed, and after he con -hided
his remarks, their cordiahtv seemed most delight-
ful, and the association highly agreeable. Wliat
coalition is th;^, sir? A coalition of gentlemen,
not to break down the Republic—ft - h hen I come
to Democratic gentlemen of these ultras Nmth
and South, and ask if they will sustain Donelson
Armstrong, proprietors of the only Democratic
press of the Metropolis, if we give out a portion
of this printing to them which the printer fai's to
execute, and which we have under the lav/ the
power to give, they answer invaiiably No, \o,xo.
Of cour&e Whig gentlemen, upon that sid?, will
not vote for them alone. Now, they say, they
will not agree to give patronage to fnond or
foe, unless they let them alone in their extreme
doctrines; especially do they propose to vote against
Donelson & Armstrong, who are known to be
sound, consistent, faithful, talented Democrats.
Where did you learn that Democracy that would
not permit a committee of your Houae to give a fair
' contract, at reasonable prices, to a political friend
1 on equal terms with others ? But if it is too high or
j too extravagant a price, you have a right to object
; to it as guardians of the public Treasury of your
i country. But, sir, do you deny that the Aboli-
| tionists upon this floor, and such gentlemen occu-
I pying such extreme grounds as the gentleman
j from North Carolina, [Mr. Cungman,] and my
j friend Mr. Vemablk, and suoh gentlemen on the
other extremeof this House, intend to break down
| Donelson & Armstrong?
j Mr. VENABLE. 1 would simply ask my
i friend 
I Mr. GORMAN. I meant you as well as the
' others; but do not take much of my time.
! Mr. VENABLE. I larely take anybody's
i time. I wdl meiely say, sir, that if the Pree-
, Soileis and Southern-Rights men would combine
; and keep people from plundering the Treasu-
i ry, that they are a more honest party than those
i who combine to let men in the Treasury, either at
! the ^able-end or at the door.
i Mr. FOIJv. Does the gentleman intend to
j make the slightest imputation that that was done
I by the other party ?
] Mr. VENABLE. I made no allusion to the
! gentleman from Tennessee.
[ Mr. POLK. 1 ask the question—having voted
i that way—and I demand to know.
| Mr. VENABLE. As to the demand made to
; me, I have just this reply to make to it: My
, friend from Indiana tells me that he alluded to me
I as one willing to break down the Government.
Mr. GORMAN. The Union olfrce, 1 said; and
1 pretty nearly the Union, too.
i Mr. VENALLE. 1 am responsible to my con-
j stituents, and to no one else, upon that subject,
i Mr. GOLLMAN. lam speaking to them, too,
and I wish them to hear what 1 say.
| Mi. VENABLE. 1 will say to the gentleman
; from Tennessee, that I do not impute any improper
! motives to him. 1 seek no collision, personally,
1 wnli any individual. But I say to my frieud from
1 Indiana, if he has undertaken to make a coalition
between Free-Soiiersand those whom he ispleased
I to call extreme Southern-Rights gentlemen from
! the South, whose purpose is that the public money
I should not be wasted for the public printing, I
■ shall be proud to cooperate with anybody who
■ will save the hard earnings of iny constituents
from any such opeiation. A grave old man in
my country had an account to settle with one of
■ his neighbors, who, meeting him one day, said;
44 Caleb, you are a cursed rascal, and I can whip
you." " Nq/1 replied the old man, "I am no
: rascal; and supposing that I am a rascal,and you
1 can wlnp me, that does not settle the account.
Let us settle the account before we settle the other
j: two questions. Whether 1 am a cursed rascal,or
| nut, you will have to settle the account at last."
j And all 1 ask of you, is to settle the account,
h Who does the printing cheapest? If the Free-
Sutler* and State-Rights men are unwilling to put
, it out to the hi^he.-u bidder, and, instead of that,
' will gi\ a it to the lowest bidder, and are willing
to save the Lard eunnnirs of the working people,
I will ibllow in that company.
?Jr. GORMAN. The gentleman is highly
p:\hiotic on this especial occasion. But I was
, upon the point of saying, what I now will carry
out, that it is the determination of the gentlemen
composed of what is called the Disunion and Se-
cession, or State-Rights party—I care not by
what name they go—to break down the organ of
the Demociatic paity, so called, edited by Donelson
& Armstionjr, because they oppose the doctrines
of the Ni'rfhville Convention; and if they fall, I
say 1 will fall with them. I tell gentlemen, I go
, for the doctrine of State-Rights as for as any party
who understand themselves, that are not inclined
' to he disunionist&per se. How far do I go? I hold
u That a State, or any other great portion of the
, ' people, suffering under long and intolerable op-
! 'pression, and having tried all constitutional rem-
• ' edies without the hope of redress, may have a
| 4 ualural right, when their happiness can be no
, 4 otherwise securcd, and when they can do so with-
| 4 out greater injury to others, to absolve themselves
1 4 from their obligations to the Government, and
i 4 appeal to the last resort. The existence of this
4 right, however, must depend upon the causes
4 which may justify its exercise."
And,itr 1 admit the right of a State to secede for
'just cause, to be determined by herself."
44 Being a party to the compact which the Con-
4 stitution forms, she has the right which all other
4 parties to the compact possess, to determine for
1 herself when, where, and how the provisions of
6 that compact have been violated. The right of a
4 State to secede in case of oppression or 6 a gross
4 and palpable violation of her constitutional rights
i as derived from the reserved sovereignty of the
' States, I am prepared to recognize.'
44 In such case' each State,'in the language of the
i Kentucky and Virginia resolutions of 1798 and
' 1799, ' is to be the judge, not only of the infrac-
tions, but the mode and measure of redress.*
4 In the next placeT would the citizens of the se-
4 ceding State be liable to the penalties of treason ?
41 answer, no. frfn my opinion no man com-
4 mits treason who acts in obedience to the laws
4 and authorities of a regularly organized Govern-
4ment,sueh as we recognize our State govern-
4 ments to be.'99
In reply to my friend, [Mr. AsheJ whether
the General Government can use force to compel
such a State to submission, involves too many
other material questions which my time will nos
allow me now to answer as I would desire. I
will, however, say that the other States would cer-
tainly have a right to levy war upon her as she
would upon any other foreign Power.
Therefore, in this view of the case, the exercise
of this right by any one or two States of this Con-
federacy must necessarily involve them and the
other States in a war. On the other hand, I
utterly deny the right of secession by a State with-
out just cause, or merely at her own will and
pleasure; for example, I utterly deny the light of
a State to set up as an excuse that she can form a
better and more advantageous alliance with u
foreign Government, and for this cause .•secede, or
merely by saying she is tired of the association,
ilut she mu-st exhaust all her legal and consti-
tutional remedies for redress before this right
begins. If it were otherwise, our constitutional
Government would be a mere rope of sand, liable
to fall to pieces at any moment.
Mr. VENABLE. That is good State-Rights
doctrine enough for me.
Mr, HILLYER. That is my-doctrine.
Mr. FREEMAN. That"is my doctrine.
Mr. GORMAN. Here, Air. Speaker, is State-
Rights men and Union men ail around me, saying
that thisisgiod enough State-Rights principles
for them. Then,pray, what do they difierabout ?
This is the doctrine of the Washington Union;
this is the doctrine of General Jackson; this is the
doctrine of Governor Cobb, of Georgia; for the
abo\e quotations are from General Jackson and
Governor Cobb, copied word for v/ord. Where
is the man who goes further? Does any member
upon this floor' I suppose there are a few ex-
treme men of the South who do, but I apprehend
thev are not very numerous.
Now, sir, although these facts are, or ought to
be, known to these Southern men, yet they seem
determined to proscribe the Democratic press at
this national capital—the Union—because the
editors of that paper have notseen proper to go aci
far as some men upon the subject of secession. 1
deny the right of a State to secede at will. She is
to be the judge herself of her wrongs, in accord-
ance with the natural nglit which every people pos-_
sess. And I say, that the very doctrine I have laid
down here, is laiddown m the Washington Union,
verbatim d iilsi «f/m,and my Southern friends come
up here and denounce it. Thev refuse to read, it
would seern, what the editors have said upon that
subject. My honorable fiiend from Virginia [Mr.
was present when 1 expressed my eenti-
ments in this manner once before, in the presence of
the distinguished gentleman from Georgia, [Gover-
nor Cobb,] and in that doctrine he coincided fully.
Another gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,]
entertaining extreme views, says that he acqui-
esces in this position. It is sustained by the
Washington Union." Itis the doctrine of ."lack-
son, Jefferson, and Madison. Yet, sir, they have
undertaken to break down Donelson &. Armstrong,
and they have done it under the supposition or
pretense that this paper is not advocating the sound
State-Rights doctrine. I say that that paper has
advocated State-Rights in its true sense, and to
