198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of Benjamin Arnold, praying compensation for
damages done to iiis property by the enemy during ]
the last war with Great Britain; which was refer-
red to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial of citizens
of Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania, praying
that the transportation of the mails on the Sabbath
may be prohibited by law; which was referred to
the Committee 011 the Post Office and Post Roads
Also, three memorials of merchants of Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, praying for an appropria-
tion for the erection of piers and harbors in the
Delaware river and bay; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a memorial of
citizens of the United-States, praying that the office
of Chaplain in the public service may be abol-
ished; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. FELCH presented six petitions of citizens
of Michigan, praying a grant of public land to
the Zilwaukie Grand Traverse and Mackinaw
Plank Road Company, to aid in the construction
of their road; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the Board of Education of
the State of Michigan, praying a grant of land to
that State for the use of the State Normal School,
equivalent in value to the land originally granted
for that purpose, of which the State has been de-
prived; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. NORRIS presented the petition of John
Clark, praying that a contract may be entered
into with him for rebuilding the light-house on
Minot's Ledge, near Boston harbor; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Middletown, Wisconsin, pray-
ing a change in the laws providing for the sale of
the public lands; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. ATCHISON presented thepetition of John-
son Lykins, praying compensation for services as
physician for the Osage river band of Pottawat-
omie Indians; which was referred to the ,Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
the people of Iowa, assembled in convention at
Iowa City, praying a grant of public land to aid
in the construction of the Dubuque and Keokuck,
and the Davenport and Council Bluffs railroads;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BUTLER presented a memorial of the
Charleston Chamber of Commerce, praying that
a light-boat and fog bell may be placed on the
shoals east of Cape Roman, on the coast of South
Carolina; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, Tlmt the three petitions of inhabitants of Sedg-
wick, Maine, on the files of the Senate, in relation to a port
of entry at that place, be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion by Mr. NORRIS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of A. A. Frazier and Alvin
Baker, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Joseph Ryrd, on the files of
the Senate, he referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WHITCOMB gave notice that lie should
ask leave to introduce a bill granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad, with right of way,
from La Fayette, Indiana, by way of Peoria, Illi-
nois, and Burlington, Iowa, to the Missouri
river.
Mr. GW1N gave notice that he should ask leave
to introduce a bill to suppress Indian hostilities in
the State of California and Territory of Oregon > to
establish an Assistant Commissioner of Indian
Affairs for the Pacific coast, and for other pur-
poses. ^
Mr. MORTON gave notice that he should ask
leave to introduce a bill granting the right of way
and a donation of land to aid in the construction
of a plank road from the city of Pensacola, in
Florida, to the town of Montgomery, in Alabama.
Mr. RUSK gave notice that he should ask leave
to introduce a joint resolution authorizing the
Postmaster General to contract for the placing of ;
an ice-boat on the Potomac river. i
Mr. MALLORY gave notice that lie should ask :
leave to introduce a bill to be entitled "A bill for i
the relief of Kennedy and Darling." '
BILLS INTRODUCED. j
Mr. FELCH, agreeably to previous notice, ,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant- ;
ing to the State of Michigan the right of way and .
a donation of public lands for the purpose of con- ;
structmg a canal or railroad across the peninsula j
of Michigan; which was redd a first and second 1
time by its title, and referred to the Committee 011 ;
Public Lands. " t j
He also asked and obtained leave to introduce j
a bill to establish an additional land office in Mich-
igan; which was read a first and second time by ,
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public ;
Lands. * j
Mr. SEBASTIAN, agreeably to previous no- ;
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the redemption of certain Choctaw annuities; ,
which was read a first and second time by its title, ;
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, j
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. j
Mr. DODGE, of towa, from the Committee on i
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill to
grant to the city of Burlington, in Iowa, the land ;
heretofore reserved between that city and the Mis-
sissippi river, reported back the same without
amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The CommitteeonPub-
lic Lands have, after considerable labor, prepared
an amendment which they have instructed me to
offer to the Senate bill, providing for the as-
signability of land warrants. 1 ask that it may be
received informally, and ordered to be printed. It
was received and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of A.
S. Williamson, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Allen G. Johnson, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The bill for the relief of Sidney A. Allcott, was
read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The object of the bill is to
allow him to enter land in Michigan, for which in
1836 he paid $200, but neglected to enter. The
bill was reported to4he Senate, and was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Judith
Worthen, deceased, was read a second time, and
the Senate proceeded to consider it as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It provides that the Secretary of War be au-
thorized and required to pay out of any money in
the Treasury, not otherwise appropriated, to the
heirs of Judith Worthen, deceased, widow of
Isaac Worthen, late a revolutionary pensioner,
such sum as she, if now living, would be enti-
tled to receive under the act of July 7th, 1838.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would ask if there is
any report on this bill ?
The PRESIDENT. A report was made at a
former session, but not at this session.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 would like to hear it
read.
The report of the Committee on Pensions was
read.
Mr. BRADBURY. I trust that the objections
in the mind of the Senator from Kentucky will
be relieved by the reading of the report, 'it ap-
pears that the pensioner in this case was entitled
to a five years' pension under theact of 1838; that
the proofs were duly filed in the office of the Com-
missioner of Pensions; but owing to the press of
business in that office there was some delay in the
decision of the case. This delay cut off the
claim. The pensioner was equitably entitled to
a pension under the provisions of the act of 1838.
I have had occasion to look into the case, and I
think there is 110 valid objection to the bill. I hope
the Senator from Kentucky will make no objection.
Mr. UNDERWOOD.* I have made no ob-
jection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without I
amendment, and ordered to foe engrossed for a
third reading.
A bill authorizing Victor Morass to relinquish
certain lands, and to enter the same quantity else-
where, was read a second time and considered ^ as
in Committee of the Whole. No amendment being
made thereto, it was reported to the Senate arad
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The Senate proceeded to consider as in Commit-
tee of the Whole the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Charles Melrose; and
A bill granting a pension to Sally F. Floyd,
widow of George R. C. Floyd, late a Lieutenant
Colonel in the Army of the United States; andno
amendment being made thereto, they weie repprt-
ed to the Senate.
Ordered, That they be engrossed and lead a third time.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill to revive a portion of
an act for the relief of the widows of deceased sol-
diers.
It had been reported back from the Committee
on Military Affairs with an amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask that it be passed over
for the present. It requires some investigation.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 hope it will not he passed
over. It has been before the Senate the last few
sessions, and has not been passed because it has
never been properly reached. It is a bill of great
merit, and I hope the Senate will now consider
and act upon it.
Mr. DAWSON. The bill will give rise to dis-
cussion. I move to lay it on the table.
Mr. BORLAND. I must ask the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. DAWSON. My object is not to oppose
the bill, but to have an opportunity to look into
the facts.
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator will withdraw
the motion I will explain the merit of the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I withdraw it.
Mr. BORLAND. It is a proposition to revive
that portion of the act of 1816 which granted five
years'half pay to the widows of soldiers who died
m the service, or of wounds incurred m conse-
quence of service, in the war of 1812. There are
but few of those widows now remaining. There
are no minor children entitled to benefit under the
provisions of the act of 1816, and but very few
widows. Those widows are old and many of
them destitute. There now remain but a small
remnant of the widows of those gallant men who
fell in defence of their country in the war of 1812,
or who died of disease contracted in that war.
This is a bill, which it appears tome, appeals not
only to the sympathies but to the sense of justice
of every one. It is impossible to ascertain the
precise number of those widows now remaining,
because when the five years expired—that is in
1821—all these persons passed off the pension
roll. The attempt, therefore, to obtain informa-
tion from the Pension Office, as to their number,
fails. The Pension Office cannot give the inform-
ation, but any one who will look into the matter
will perceive that there can be but very few of
those widows remaining. So far as my knowl-
edge extends, most of them are very poor. Some
of them are infirm. I know in my own Slate
some one or two only, and I learn from others
that there are very few in any of the States. I
hope, therefore, the Senator will not make a mo-
tion to lay the bill on the table, but will let it be
passed.
Mr. DAWSON. I would ask whether the bill
proposes that the pensions shall be from 1821 to
the present time, or shall commence after the
passage of this act?
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator will let the
bill be read, he will see what are its provisions.
The bill was read accordingly. It provides that
so much of the act of April 16, 1816, entitled
"An act making further provision for military
services during the late war, and for other pur-
poses," as applies to the widows of deceased
soldiers, and which expired by limitation five
years after the passage of that act, should be
thereby revived and extended during the natural
life of any widow therein described.
Mr. DAWSON. I perceive that that hill grants
a thirty years'pension to all these widows that
are living; and according to the practice which
has prevailed, I suppose that the children of all
who have died in the mean time will claim up to
the time of the death of their parent.
