1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1111
the full satisfaction of nearly all, when properly
K'ndere.tocjd, excepting those who a'fSm* the righi
of secession as an absolute, uaoonditiaaai right
at will. That, I apprehend, many of you have
never done. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bocock] says that they have not don? it, 4,Sir, if
secession is to be tolerated as a right, to be exer-
cised at will, and without first resorting to all con-
stitutional remedies, you have got no bond of
Union whatever^ nor have you any security for
the permanency of this Union for a day.
Mr. FREEMAN. The Nashville Convention
adopted a resolution that a State had the right to
secede at its own pleasure; and the Southern-
Rights party adopted it as their platform.
Sir. GORMAN. If they had added "for cause"
after exhausting- all consiitytiona.1 remedies for
redress, it would lave been well enough. Can
Southern-Rights gentlemen expect to force me or
the great body of the Northern Democracy into a
have in their support. I will die hard. I wish
them to know, that struggling for this glorious
Union and for our gkmous Democratic party, that
they will be surrounded by those who will stand
forward as martyrs to the last hour. I hold no
political association with men who are disunionists
per se. I hold no political association with men who
undertake to proscribe this press because its editor
will not say that the fugitive slave law ought not
to be executed,and is all wioug\ The opposition
and assaults come from that quarter, also. That
is true m every word and syllable. I have some
little right to speak to my Southern friends; for no
man went further than I did in the last Congress
upon the doctrine of State-Rights, and of opposi-
tion to the Wilmot proviso and all exclusions of
the Southern people. I have die right, therefore,
to say, that if the friends who have acted with me
in this matter are to be proscribed, we will die hard.
I say, when we go down, we will pull into a com
support of doctriiies so intolerable as the right of j' mon grave some others m our firm embrace. I
   - „ t   ! 1 ? ■ * r-. . T'l, „ * , ^ I , 'I « 111 ll.jfr jVn.L1. A.t.t.i.t*.
secession at will, without just cause ? They ought
not to try it. i am confident that my political
friends do not desire it. I will not act with any
party—I will not be recognized as being connected
with any party—which recognizes the right of
secession at will, without cause. That is the dis-
union doctrineand policy. Gentlemen entertaining
those opinions are the ones to whom I allude, when
I assert that it seems to me that he is a disunionist
per se who promulgates such intolerable heresy.
Now, what is proposed to be done? The com- y
promise has been passed and acquiesced in by the ji
most extreme meu m the South. The ""Wask- ji
ington Union" has acquiesced m It, and the Dem- |
ocrattc party have acquiesced in it from Maine to ,
California—from the Atlantic to the Pacific. Do |
you expect to -obtain harmony in your ranks if j
you attack Donelson & Armstrong for the reason
that they do not agree with some of you upon the
right of secession ? I say that they do, however,
in its true sense, as understood by Jefferson, Mad-
ison, and Jackson; and that the whole Democratic
party of the North will stand substantially by the
declaration that I have made, which is in the lan-
guage of General Jackson. Donelson & Armstrong
have been the steadfast, firm, uncompromising
advocates of the finality of the compromise. Prom
whence do members upon this floor see this attack
emanate? From Free-Soilers and Abolitionists,
who have with a vengeance been howling upon
the track of the editors of the " Union" ever since
am not to be told by the gentleman lronl Missis-
sippi that my action here may lead to worse con-
sequences than the emptying of the Treasury, or j
the dismembering of the Democratic paity. 1 am '
not to be told by the gentleman that it may lead I
to the dissoluUun of these Umted States, withouta
reply, such as I have made. What did he mean
when he spoke of the one hundred thousand men
who followed or patronized the principles of the
Southern Press—the one hundred thousand men for
whose action lie would not be responsible when
the Democratic party organizes at Baltimore. As
I understand him, he means distinctly that hewiil
not be responsible for their action, and that the
consequences of our action may lead them olf from
the Democratic party, by proscribing the Southern
Press. Who proposes, or ever proposed to pro-
scribe that press? If any one ever did, I never
heard of it. if they do go off from the Democratic
party, it will be upon a question of public print-
ing, involving indirectly the compromise, and noth-
ing else. It will be because they could not kick
Donelson & Armstrong out of position for their
compromise opinions. The country will under-
stand of what materials these opponents were
composed, and the country will apply the correct-
ive. Mark that' Do they want, to go oil'1 We
can only sutler defeat if they do. And let it come
rather than that compromise men .shall go down
for such reasons, when eighteen twentieths of the
sound Democracy ore with them; when we know
track ever since this matter was hinted at; and if ,
they do not make war to the knife, if driven to the
wall—if they, Donelson & Armstrong, do not die
like gallant Democratic men, I willdenounce them
as unworthy the name of sound national Demo-
crats. If they are put down, the country will
understand that it has been for that reason. You
know it. You have put the handwriting upon
the wall too plain. It cannot be misunderstood.
Your ire was kindled up_ with renewed vengeance
at the " Republic's" being associated with them
in this printing, which has also advocated the final-
ity of the compromise. The onslaught was first
commenced by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Venable,] by saying that Major Don-
elson was the administrator of Crencral Jackson s
opinions. God grant that I may be following the
le'ad of such old fogies as General Jackson; and if
Major Donelson ovly administers the old hero's
opinions faithfully, he will hold a high seat in the
affections of the good old time-honored Democ-
racy  
Mr. VENABLE. 1 said that he was the ad-
ministrator of General Jackson's opinions in his
own wrone;.
Mr. GORMAN. I thank God that I have fol-
lowed such a lead. I will continue to do so. You
rrht as well undertake to tell me that you can
meie handful of partisans shall again successfully
attempt to force the great body of the Democrat
Republican party to tolerate their factious or fa-
natical views.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I think that it becomes
necessary that I should interrupt the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] at this stage of his
remarks; and, as the first question before this
House is the reference of the bill under consider-
ation, I beg leave to state that, in my humble
judgment, to take this busine&s out of the hands
of the joint committee, which has been constituted
by Congress for the purpose of attending to this
! special subject, would be highly discourteous,
j The business of the Judiciary Committee is de-
I fined in the 87th rule: "It shall be the duty of
' the Committee on the Judiciary to take into con-
i ' sideration such petitions and matteis or things
, 'touching judicial proceedings, as shall be pre-
' 4 sented, or may come in question and be referred
i < to them by the House."
| Mr. SWEETSER. Will the gentleman allow
: me to profound a question?
: Mi. GORMAN. I cannot. This colloquy may
' take uo ray time. .
I Mr. McLANAHAN. Here we have the duties
! of the Judiciary Committee defined by the 87tn
ule. There is no judicial question here. It is a
dVm un"the"Mississippi with your lmnd, as to tell :j question of fact; a question ot tact properly sub-
nie that you can convince the country that you do ;! mitted to the joint couiimttee, constituted ;nvii;«e
not intend to break down Donelson & Armstrong, i
because they advocate and have ^advocated these ,
compromise measures. They did not agree to the
extreme doctrines of some of the SoiUhern-Rignts
men running for office in the States of Mississippi ,
and Georgia. That has given offense to some. ;
Sir, put them down, and you strike a blow at the ^
success of the Democratic party. So help me t
God! I will wield whatever of influence I may .
j of the law of 1846- That_ committee had the
' plenary power either to curtail t he amount of com-
, pensation, that the law authorizes them to giveto
the publ ic printer, or they had still further and fuher
! power to annul and abrogate the contract. If, m
' the exercise of the power thus delegated to tne
' committee, they do an act of injustice to die con-
tractor, the contractor's remedy is an application
to the equity of Congress. If the contractor does
injustice, and fails to fulfill his contract, the remedy
ot the United States is an'action at law against
the contractor and his sureties. The action of the
committee, within the power thus delegated to them
by the law of 1846, is an action full, compl'ete,
and effectual for the purposes for which that law
was intended. If Congress wish to stop that
committee in their actionrit must, by a joint reso-
lution, annul and repeal the law. if this House
think that this committee, in the exercise of ,the
poweis thus delegated to them, are doing injustice
either to the contractor, or are failing to do justice
to tiie interests of the United States, it is compe-
tent for the House to declare, by resolution, that
the committee shall be discharged, and the matter
referred to another committee. It has been sug-
gested, with a good deal of skill, I admit, that the
respective Houses should choose the committee;
but I submit to this House that, although the
Speaker constituted the committee, and the House
acted through the Speaker, yet it is too late for the
House now to repudiate the act of the Speaker.
That committee thus constituted, in the fulfillment
of their duty, have entered into a contract, and
the printing done under that contract is now lying
around upon our tables. It is impossible for the
House to ^o behind the action of the committee.
If that action, as I have said before, does injustice
to the contractor, his remedy is an appeal to the
equity of Congress, and it can be done in no other
way. In my opinion, it seems, then, that the
committee hive not transcended the powers dele-
gated to them by law.
i Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. I wish to know, if it is in order
for the gentleman who has the exclusive privilege
of the floor for an hour, to give way to the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee to make a speech
! upon an independent question, without any person
| having a chance to answer it?
; The SPEAKER. The Chair decided some
days ago, that the gentleman upon the floor had
; a right to yield for explanation to others, it has
"been done by members of the House, from time
; to time, and the Chair cannot, fix his limit.
| Mr. McLANAHAN. The gentleman need
not pre?s it. I neither belong to the Abolitionists
or Secessionists, and i did not suppose he would
raise siK.h a point.
' Mr. MARSHALL. I thought it was out of
place.
! 1 Mr. GOIiAIAN. When I was interrupted, I
; was speaking upon the subject of our political re-
lations to this question. If I have not taken the
I proper view of it, it has not been done for the want
of any personal respect to the gentlemen with
whom I differ, and with whom I am associated—
■ an association which has always been agreeable
. to me. But facts, and actions, and votes, speak
louder than mere woids sometimes, and the record
] upon this occasion has shown to the country, and
I I hope that the vote which lias been taken, and
j the vote which is to be taken, will show thecoun-
j try, the true secret of this attack on the Democratic
! oigan, although I know there are associated with
I the opposition many gentlemen who differ with
i me upon various points connected with this qnes-
! tion, other than those before stated. But those
gentleman, in a body, who have held extteme
opinions, North and South, have been acting tu-
1 gether for the same common object 
j Mr. VENABLE. I rise to a point of order.
In speaking some time ago about printing the cen-
sus, I was called to Older for saying not one tenth
1 part of what was said by the gentleman fiom In-
' diana, [Sir. Gtokmvn,] and 1 was ruled out of or-
! der, and made to sit down.
! The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is not jn-fipci1/ m order.
Mr. YEXAI3LE. I thought it was not right to
make fish of one and flesh of the other. [Laugh-
; ter.]
i The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to-day,
as he did yesSeniay, that when a gentleman upon
1 the llooi Is Culled to order, the Chair is bounU to
enforce the rule.
Mr. CLINUMAN. When n gentleman is re-
plying to remarks, I do not think he is out of
older.
Mr. VENABLE. With regard to the question
of order, I wish simply to be understood, that I
have no disnosition to stop my friend from In-
diana, I Air. Gormam.] I have, permitted mm to
co on for more than half an hour. I wish to sug-
