1976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
"Who does not see that this movement must effect 1
our own complete emancipation from what re-
mains of European influence and prejudice, and
in turn develop the American opinion and mflu- ,
ence, which shall remould constitutional laws and
customs in the land that is first greeted by the ris-
ing sun? _ Sir, although I am no socialist, no -
dreamer ofa suddenly-coming millennium,! never-
theless cannot reject the hope that peace is now to
have her sway, and that as war has hitherto de-
faced and saddened the Atlantic world, the better
passions of mankind will soon have their develop- !
ment in the new theater of human activity.
Commerce is the great agent of this movement.
Whatever nation shall put that commerce into full
employment, and shall conduct it steadily with I
adequate expansion, wdl become necessarily the '
greatest of existing States; greater than any" that J
has ever existed. Sir, you will claim that respon- !
sibility and that high destiny for ourown country.
A re you so sure that by assuming the one she will
gain the other? They imply nothing less than
universal commerce and the supremacy of the seas.
We are second to England, indeed, but, nevri-the- :
less, how far are we not behind her in commerce
and in extent of empire! I pray to know where
you will go that you will not meet the flag of Eng-
land fixed, planted, rooted into the very earth? If !
you go northward, it waves over half of this con- j
finent of Noitli America, which we call our own. !
Jf you go southward, it greets you on the Bermu-
das, the Bahamas, and the Caribbee Islands. On ■
(he Falkland Ulands it guards the Straits of Ma-
gellan; on the South Shetland Island it watches
the passage round the Horn; and at Adelaide |
Island it warns you that you have reached the
Antarctic Circle. When you ascend alow; the
southwestern coast of America, it is seen at Gala- i
pagos, overlooking the Isthmus of Panama; and I
having saluted it there, and at Vancouver, you !
only take leave of it in the far northwest, when
you are entering the Arctic Ocean. If ynu visit I
Africa, you find the same victorious cross guard-
ing the coast of Gambia and Sierra Leone and St.
Helena. It watches you at Cape Town as you |
pass into the Indian Ocean; while on the northern j
passage to that vast sea it demands your recogni- I
tion from Gibraltar, as you enter the Mediterra- |
nean; from Malta, when you pass through the i
Sicilian Straits. On the Ionian Islands it waves 1
in protection of Turkey; and at Aden it guards '
the passage fimn the Red Sea into the Indian i
Ocean. Wherever western commerce has gained I
an entrance to the continent of Asia, there that flag
is seen waving over subjugated millions—at Bom" !
bay, at Ceylon, at, Singapore, at Calcutta, at La-
hore, and at Hong Kong; while Australia and
nearly all the islands of Polynesia acknowledge its
protection. °
Sir, I need not tell you that wherever that flag |
waves it is supported and cheered by the martial I
airs of England. But I care not for that. The >
sword is not the most winning messenger that can |
be sent abroad; and commerce, like power, upheld
by armies and navies, may in time be found to
cost too much. But what is to be regarded with
more concern is, that England employs the steam
engine even more vigorously and more universally
than her military force. Steam engines, jmnetu- :
ally departing and arriving between every one of
her various possessions and her island seat of
power, bring in the raw material for cverv manu-
facture and supplies for every want. The steam i
engine plies incessantly there day and night, con-
verting these materials into fabrics of every \ ariety i
for the use of man. And again, the steam engine :
forever and without rest moves over the face of
the deep, nor only distributing these fabrics to I
every part of the globe, but disseminating ah'o the >
thoughts, the principles, the language, and religion j
of England. Sir, we are bold indeed to dare com- '
petition with such a Power. Nevertheless, the !
resources for it are adequate. We have coafand i
iron no less than she, while corn, timber, cattle,1
hemp, wool, cotton, silk, oil, sugar, and thegiape,
quicksilver, lead, copper, silver, and irold, all
found within our own broad domain in inexhaust- !
ible profusion. What energies we have aheady :j
expended prove that we have in reserve all that :
are needful. What inventions we have made '
prove our equality to any exigency. Our capital
increases, wmle labor scarcely knows the burden
of taxation. Our I3anama route to China has a
decided advantage over that of the Isthmus of
Suez, and, at the same time, vessels leaving that I
country and coming round the Horn will reach j
New York always at least five days sooner than j
vessels of equal speed can double the Cape of
Good Hope and make the port of Liverpool.
Mr. President, we now see how conspicuous a
part in the great movement of the age, California
and Oregon are to sustain, and that, as yet, they
are separated from us and isolated. They will
adhere to us only so long as our government over
them shall be conducted, notfor our benefit, but for
their own. Their loyalty is great, but it cannot ex- 1
ceed that of the thirteen ancient American colonies
to Great Britain; andyettheneglectand oppression
of their commerce undermined that loyalty, and
resulted in their independence. I hear often of
dangers to the Union, and see lines of threatened
separation drawn by passionate men or alarmists,
on parallels of latitude; but, in my judgment, j
there is only one danger of severance, and that is ;
involved in the possibility of criminal neglect of!
the new communities on the Pacific coast, while
the summits of the Rocky Mountains, or of the \
Snowy Mountains, mark the only possible line of r
dismemberment. Against that danger I would
guard as against the worst calamity that could be-
fall, not only my country, at her most auspicious
stage of progress, but mankind also, in the hour
of their brightest hopes. I would guard against
it by practicing impartial justice toward the new
and remote States and Territories, whose political
power is small, while their wants are great, and
by pursuing at the same time, with liberality and
constancy, the lofty course, to which they invite
us, of ail aspiring, yet generous and humane na-
tional ambition.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until to-morrow, for
the purpose of taking up the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the bill will not be post-
poned. It ought to be acted on immediately.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no speech to make
upon the bill, but I am unwilling to see it passed
m its present shape. As it stands it vests unlim-
ited discretion in the President of the United
States. There is no limitation as to the amount
which may be expended. The only limitation is
that vessels of the Navy are to be employed.
Mr. SEWARD. I have an amendment which
I think will remove the objection of the honorable
Senator. Itlias been printed and laid on the tables l!
of Senators. It is in the nature of a substitute, |j
to strike out all aftei the enacting clause, and in- !
sert:
Thnl the of the United States be, anil lie is
heiehy, authorized to cause an exploration and reconnois-
sauce to be made, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy, of the track of navigation pursued bv whaling ves-
sels in tile region of Behrnig Stiaits, and also of such parts
of the China Sea, the Straits of Oaspar, and Java Sea, as he
directly in the route of vessels proceeding from Atlantic or
Pacific American port-* to rihina and Japan; and that for
tins purpose the I'lesulent is authorized and requested to
provide one or more suitable vessels, or assign them from
vessels now in the Nnvv. and such officers of the Navv and
Army of the United States as shall be necebearv ; anil the
sum of if 125,000 is hereby appropriated, out of any monev
in the Treasury not othetwise appropriated, to defray the
c\pen«c of carrying tins act into execution.
Sec. 3. Jindbe it further enacted, That tins act shall
continue in force two years.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
IIYDIAiV APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives "making appropri-
' ations for the current and contingent expenses of
' the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
' stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
• year ending June 30, 1853;" the question pend-
ing being upon the second amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, which was to strike out "ten,"
and insert " two," m the following clause in re-
lation to the Miamies:
" For permanent provision for the purchase of one thou-
i-anu pounds of tobacco, ten thousand pounds of iron, and
one thousand pounds of steel, stipulated m the 4tii article
of the treaty ofOctober 23, ]«26, £-770."
Mr. HUNTER. The change is made to make
the provision correspond to the treaty. Owing to
some mistake the House of Representatives put |j
in " ten thousand," instead of " two thousand." |j
The amendment was agreed to. J
The third amendment of the Committee 011 Pi- !■
nance was stated to be to strike out from the ap- i!
propriations for the Menomonees the following: I!
" For additional compensation for the sale of their lands
in the State of Wisconsin, by the treaty of October 18.1838,
$221,840; the same to be paid in such sums and at such
times, with the approbation of the said nalion, as the Pres-
i ident may think most conducive to their pro&peiity and
happiness."
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, this amend-
ment relates to the last treaty made with the
Menomonee tribe of Indians. According to that
treaty a provision of §350,000 was given to that
tribe for the cession of lands which they made at
that time.
Commissioner Medill, when he went to the
treaty ground, was instructed by the President
that he might give them at the rate of nineteen
cents per acre—which was the price that had been
paid to the Menomonees for a previous cession
of land—for a quantity of land not exceeding
3,230,800 of acres. These instructions were given
in pursuance of an opinion of the then Attorney
General, who, I.believe, is the present Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Toucey,] in which the
belief was expressed that this was the extreme
limit of the rightful demands of the Menomonee
tribe of Indians. They had made a treaty form-
erly, by which, for $793,310 50 they had ceded
lands to the United States. This was to obtain
the residue of their lands. Some difficulties had
existed between the Menomonees and other tribes
as to their rightful boundaries. The question was
submitted to the Attorney General, and he came
to the conclusion that they could not claim more
than that amount of land. The President accord-
ingly instructed the commissioner that he should
not give more than such a sum per acre for so
many acres, but he did not instruct him that he
should go to the extreme limits which were allowed
him under this commission.
It appears from the report of the commissioner,
and indeed from other testimony, that when he
got upon the ground, the Menomonees claimed a
much larger quantity of land than was supposed
to belong to them. They claimed about 8,000,000
of acres. Indeed the commissioner himself found
that in the map upon which the Attorney General
and himself had previously acted, there was prob-
ably a mistake; and he thought, as he reported
when he came back, that their lands were about
4,000,000 of acres. He made a bargain with them
by which he obtained a cession of all their rights,
whatever they were, for the sum of {.350,000.
Much testimony was taken upon both sides, and
the present Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in
the report which he has given us 011 the subject,
decided that it was a contract of hazard; that the
Indians on the one hand insisted that there was
this large amount of land—larger than itlias turned
out to be—whilst the commissioner refused, on
the other hand, to give more than the sum which
they finally accepted.
The exterior lines of the surveys'of the land
have been run, and it appears from them that
something like five millions of acres were ceded
by these Indians under that treaty. They have
set up a claim, not under the treaty, but an equi-
table claim for compensation for this additional
amount of land. They have claimed it because,
as they allege, there was fraud on the part of the
commissioner who negotiated the treaty. In re-
lation to the question of fraud, there has been
much testimony, and I am informed by my friend
from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] the chairman of
the Committee 011 Indian Affairs, that the question
was raised at the time when the treaty was rati-
fied by the Senate, and that the Committee on In-
dian Affairs was then satisfied that there was no
fraud or misrepresentation on the part of the com-
missioner. And the Senate must have been satis-
fied, for they ratified the treaty. Nor is the cir-
cumstance that a less compensation was given
than that which was the extreme limit tixed by
the instructions of President Polk to be consid-
ered as having vitiated the treaty, because that
fact was before the President when lie communi-
cated the treaty to the Senate; and that fact must
have been before the Senate when they confirmed
it. Mr. Medill, in his report, says that he was
authorized to have given this sum, but that be
obtained the cession for less; and he himself sup-
posed that the lands ceded amounted to about
4,000,000 acres.
In relation to the question of fraud, there arc-
persons who have charged it upon the commis-
sioner, and there is a good deal of testimony in
the Department on the subject. On the other
