1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
gest it, as I had been borne down under the rule, j
1 thought it might operate gently upon others, as j
well as myself. |
Mr. GORMAN. I shall not go on out of order, ,
and I will not disobey the suggestion of the j
Speaker. In conclusion, I will say to the House, :
that 1 shall be perfectly satisfied to see them take j
any course,they may think proper in their wisdom j
and judgment in referring this matter back to the j
committee, with any instructions they may desire, j
The committee, however, have their powers de- j
fined by law, and any instructions given by this j
House without first repealing the law, cannot con- j
trol their action in the case of the present con- :
tractor, or the present printing. The House com-
mittee will faithfully and respectfully reflect, the
wishes of this body; and it is their duty to do so,
provided it is consistent with their views of public
interest. If it should be inconsistent with our
views of the interest of the country, they can re-
Eort that fact to the House for-future action. I
ave no kind of objection, as I said before, to re-
ferring it back to the Committee onTrinting; and j
it would be perhaps out of place and indelicate for ;
me to say what my feelings would be, provided j
you were to take it out of the hands of the Com-
mittee on Printing after such a long-protracted and !
tedious debate, and place it in the hands of the j
Committee on the Judiciary. I frankly confess
that I should not feel it compatible with my own
honor and my own self-respect longer to remain
in my, position in that committee; but anything
which tnis House may ask me to do as one mem-
ber of that committee, I shall cheerfully do to the i
best of my judgment and ability. 1 have this to
say in the little time left to me. There is an ele-
ment in this printing question—a patronage which
has always been a bone of contention in this Gov- j
ernment, and always will be in every Govern- :
ment constituted as ours is, and it will always be
entering more or less into and becoming a part of |
the motive in the action of parties. There is an
element in this question of patronage, connected
as it has been with the politics of your country, ;
that is dangerous to the organization and har-
mony of the Democratic party. It will be re-
garded by the country, in spite of whatever you i
may say or do to-day, as a proscription, marked j
out and aimed at one who has stood upon the
watchtower as a faithful guardian of the Demo-
cratic party, and of the measures known as the
compromise measures of the last Congress, I
say to the country, that if thin question is dccided
in such a manner as to proscribe this pres<?, you
cannot keep the country from believing that you
did it from those considerations when they analyze
the vote throughout upon this subject. If you
refer this matter back to the Committee on Print-
ing, the committee will pursue the even tenor of
their way, and they will proceed to make a con-
tract with some person to do the remainder of the
printing at such prices as we may regard reason-
able and just. I can assure the honorable gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] that
the next proposition we shall make will be Tow-
ers *s bid; and we will take that as a standard,
and proceed accordingly. If this matter is re-
ferred back to the committee we must act, or we
must not do our duty, which you have ordered us
to do.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am for referring it back
if the committee will make up their minds to tins,
and take it fairly. I will vote to refer it bark.
Mr. GORMAN. " If we will take it fairly!"
Every kind of insinuation seems to be pointed at !
the committee, as if-they will not do right. I
shall not pledge myself at any time, or in any
place, to do right. I will do right independent of
any such pledge, so far as my judgment goes. I
shall act fairly, independent of pledges, so far as :
I am capable. I leave the matter to the judgment
and wisdom of the House.
Mr. POLK. If it is now in order, I move to !
lay this whole matter upon the table, and call for '
the yeas and nays. I suppose the House is well
satisfied that 
[Cries of " Order!" "Order1" "Order!"] '
Mr. FITCH. I believe that the Speaker has ,
decided that question to be out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is !
now in order to move to lay upon the table. Debate
has taken place, which, in the opinion of the
Chair, might influence the judgment of the House, '[
and it is in order to make the motion. [\
I appeal from the decision
I move to lay the appeal upon
Mr. HOWARD
of the Chair.
Mr. STANLY.
the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I demand
the yeas and nays upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. There having been no action
at all upon the part of the House, and no discus-
sion an hour ago, the Chair decided that it was
not in order to repeat the motion to lay upon the
table. The Chair now decides that, as discussion
has been had, it is in order.
Mr. WOODWARD. I would inquire of the
Chair what would appear upon the Journal imme-
diately before this motion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes the mo-
tion made by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Polk] would appear, and the decision of the Chair
that it was not in order.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I desire to ask the
Chair if the rule is not that two motions to adjourn
cannot be made until business has intervened?
And whether, after a motion to adjourn has been
voted down, and a speech made, it is not-in order
again to move to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. There can be no question
about that; and the Chair has confidence in the
correctness of his decision.
Mr. STANLY. It has been so decided in this
House fifty times.
The SPEAKER. The House, however, may
differ with the Chair.
The question was then put on Mr. Stanly's
motion to lay the appeal upon the table, and it was
decided in the affirmative.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
The question recurring on the motion to lay the
report upon the table,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
m the negative—>eas 82, nays 88, as follows:
YEAS—J. Apploioit, W. Appleton, T. FI. Ha\ly,
Howjo, Bowne, IJrijt',rs Brooks, Burrows, Chandler, ('ha-s-
tam, Clark, Cobb, Utillom, John G. Davis, Dawson, Derm,
Disney, Dockery, Dunham, Faulkner, Freeman, Thomas
J. I). Fuller, Gajloril, Gorman, Hamilton, Hammond, Ha-
ven, Hebard, Hendricks, Hillyei, Inger^oll, Andrew John-
son, ltobeit W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Oorce G.
King, Landry, Letcher, Lockhaif, Mace, Martin, MeCor-
kle, McLanahan, McMulhn. M>aeham, Millei, F/cnry D.
Moore, John Moore, Murray, Nabors, Outlaw, Samuel W.
Parker, Penn, Polk, Porter, Price, Riddle, Ross, Russell,
Sackett, Savaae, Sehcimerhorn, Schoolcraft, Scurry, David
J, Seymour, Drigon S. Sevmour, Skelton, Stanly, Freder-
ick P. Stanton. Richard II. Stanton, Stone, St. Martin,
Sntheiland, Sweetser, Taylor, Uenjamm Thompson,
George W. Thompson, Watd, Watkuw, Wells, Alexander
White, Wilcox, and Yates—8-2
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ashe. Averett. Barrere,
Boeoek, Bragg, Brenton, Albert G. Btown, Joseph Cable,
Lewi* D Campbell, Cartter, On«ku;, Chapman, Clingman,
Connor, Cintis. JDnnunek, Doty, Fasttnan, Edgeiton, Ed-
mund^on, Ficklin, Fitch, Florence, Flovd, Fowlei,Gamble,
Guiding. Goodcnow. Goodrich, Gt«-y, Grow, Flail, Harper,
Fsliam G. Hams, Sampson \V. Hams, Henn, Ilibbard,
Hoislbrd. Houston. Howard, John W. IIowe, Thomas M.
Howe, Hunter. Lvcs Jackson, Jenkins, James Johnson,
John Johnson. Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jono, Preston
Kins, Knlms, Kurtz, Mann, Humphrey Martial!, Ma«-on,
McDonald, MeNair, McQueen. Meade, Millson/Molony,
Morehead, Morrwm, Newton, Old^, Ori, Andrew Paiker,
Pea-dec, Pomuman, Perkins, Phelps. Powell, Rantoul, Rob-
bins, Scudder, Smart, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Thaddeus
Stevens, ThurMon. V enable, Walbridu1', Wallace, Wash-
burn, and Woodwaid—
So the House refused to lay the report upon the
table.
The question recurred on the amendment moved
by Mr. Florence to the instructions proposed by
Mr. Browv. of Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Would it be
competent, at this stage of the proceedings, for
me, as the mover of the resolution, to strike out
the Judiciary Committee and insert the Commit-
tee on Printing?
[Loud cries of " No, no !"]
Mr. POLK. Would fliat be in order?
The SPEAKER. Has the attention of the
gentleman from Mississippi been drawn to the rule
controlling; the case?
Mr. BROWN. No, sir, it has not.
The SPEAKER. The 45th rule in m these
words:
" After a motion is stated by the Speaker, or lead by the
Clerk, it >hail be deemed to be in the possession of the
House, but may be withdrawn at any tune be:ore a decis-
ion or amendment.*'
The Chair thinks the gentleman may modify
his motion.
Mr. BROWN. Well, sir, I am willing that the
Judiciary Committee -should be stricken out 
Mr. STANLY. What was the decision of the
Chair? I did not understand it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi proposes to modify his original proposi-
tion; and as there has been no decision on it, or
amendment, the Chair is of opinion that the gen-
tleman has a right to do so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. What is the
previous question ?
The SPEAKER. Is that a decision upon the
subject-matter?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the Chair that the gentleman from Mississippi
does not propose to-withdraw his resolution,
but he proposes to make it a different resolution
from that upon which the main question has been
ordered. He-can withdraw his resolution before
a decision or before it has been amended: but that
is a very different thing from changing the char-
acter of the proposition and bringing us to vote
on a question different from the one on which we
have ordered the main question.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. To get rid of
this difficulty, I withdraw my application to nmend
or modify my proposition, simply remarking that
I do riot care whether the Judiciary Committee is
striken out or not.
Mr. JONES. If I understand this question as
it now presents itself to the House, we come first to
vote upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] to the resolution
of instruction proposed by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown.]
The SPEAKER.. That is the first question.
Mr. JONES. If that is voted down, we comp
then to vote upon the resolution referring this re-
port to the Committee on the Judiciary, with cer-
tain instructions. If that is voted down also, I
understand that we then come to a vote upon the
motion of the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Orr] to recommit the report without instruc-
tions, for the gentleman offered no instructions.
Those are the three propositions before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
last proposition differently.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina must either be in
that shape or else it does not come in at all.. There
was an amendment to the resolution pending at the
time he made his motion, and it would therefoie
have been in the nature of another amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina distinctly proposed to strike out the Ju-
diciary Committee and insert the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. JONES. Then I submit that he could not
make that motion to amend the original resolution
while the amendmentof the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Florence] was pending. It could
only come in in the nature of an independent mo-
tion to recommit. The gentleman from South
Carolina could have offered an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
but he could not, while that amendment to the
original resolution waspending mo\ e to amend the
original resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House his understanding of the propositions be-
fore the body. Tn his opinion, the vole will first
be upon the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to the instructions origin-
ally offered by the gentleman from Mississippi.
Then will follow the vote on referring, with those
instructions, to the Committee on the Judiciary.
If that fails, the Chair proposes, as the most con-
venient order of disposing of the various proposi-
tions before the body, to put the question on
referring to the Committee on Public Pi in ting
with instructions.
Mr. JONES. Those instructions would have
been voted down if we rejected the proposition to
refer to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask the House
to instruct him on this point, for it is but a matter
of convenience. If the decision of the Chair m
this respect is overruled, the Chair supposes it
will be'in order for the gentleman from South
Carolina to amend by striking out one committee
and inserting another. The Chair is convinced,
however, from his experience here, that the mode
he proposes is the most convenient mode of dis-
posing of this matter.
Many Members. "No doubt about it," and
"Put it in that order."
