1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1977
side, there is testimony to prove—and that, I be-
lieve, of very high character—that nothing of the
sort can be attributed to him. Among the per-
sons who deposed that the allegations are false,
so far as Commissioner Medill is concerned, are
Colonel Lee, of the Army; Mr. Martin, who, I
believe, formerly represented the Territory of Wis-
consin as Delegate in the House of Represent-
atives, with whom the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Dodge] is well acquainted; Mr. Ellis, a former
Indian agent; and Mr. Bruce, the late Indian
agent. AU these gentlemen depose that nothing
of the sort can properly be charged to Commis-
sioner Medii], who negotiated the treaty.
This claim of theMenomonee Indiansis founded
upon the charge of fraud, and the further allega-
tion that there was an inadequacy of considera-
tion—that having sold so much land they ought
to have received more than was given them under
this treaty. There is no pretext of doubt in rela-
tion to the construction of the treaty r;  If ft is
clear and specific. The present Commissi : of
Indian Affairs, in examining the testimony, came
to the conclusion that fraud could not be imputed
to the commissioner who negotiated the treaty,
and he came to the conclusion that the treaty
bound the Indians—that it was a contract of haz-
ard; but he also said that he believed that, so far
as the Indians were concerned, it was a hard bar-
gain, and in order to rectify it, he proposed to go
back to the provisions of a former treaty—the treaty
of 1831, under which the President was allowed,
without n;iy further treaty, without the necessity
of negotiating this last treaty, to remove the In-
dians from those lands, and make them such fur-
ther allowances in the shape of annuity as he
might think to be just and proper. Under that
authority, derived from the Indians by the treaty
of 1831, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs came
to the conclusion that the Executive had the power
to settle this question, and he proposed to give
such additional allowance as would amount to the
sum authorized by President Polk in his instruc-
tions, if Commissioner Medill had gone to the
extreme limit of those instructions; that is to say,
he proposes that we should appropriate such a
sum as, in addition to the $3.">0,000 paid, would
amount to the price of 3,023,800 acres of land, at
about nineteen cents an acre. The House of Rep-
resentatives have put into the bill a provision
making that appropriation.
This appropriation the Committee on Finance,
after a careful consideration, determined ought to
be stricken out. We weie of the opinion that it
ought to be stricken out, because, if we go upon
such testimony as this, if we set aside treaties
thus made by our officers—treaties in relation to
whose construction there can be no sort of doubt—
we may go through the whole catalogue of Indian
treaties, and set them all aside. We lay the foun-
dation for new claims in relation to almost every
Indian treaty which has ever been negotiated, be-
cause you may take any of, them, and on then-
face prove an inadequacy of consideration, if you
argue upon the supposition that the Indians were
the proprietors of the land. As I said yesterday,
I am told jo the Department,that theOsages have
ceded in all niore than one hundred and forty mil-
lions of acres of land for something like $400,000;
and they are a more numerous tribe, I believe,
than the Menomonees. If you pass this, how
could you refuse their demands, when they come
with their maps and the treaties in their hands to
show that the consideration was inadequate, un-
less, indeed, you could go upon the supposition
that the Indians weie deceived, and the commis-
sioner had been guilty of fraud? I think, with
the testimony before us, it would be doing great
injustice to Commissioner Medill to make any
such admission. So far as the facts are con-
cerned—so far as any comparison is proper to be
instituted between the quantity of land ceded and
the amount of money given, the commissioner
made no concealment of the facts. He reported
it to the President in the report which accompanied
the treaty. Pie said he believed there was more
land than was supposed by the Attorney General
at the time the instructions were given. But he
did not, nor do I, acknowledge, that this Govern-
ment, in its past transactions with the Indians,
ever supposed that they were entitled to demand
of us the full value of the lands as owners. Sir,
they could only be regarded as having some pos-
sessory title, and, as 1 said yesterday, all that
could be fairly asked of us, would be to make
such provision for them as would open unto them
chances for future improvement and civilization;
as would protect them in peace and quiet; as
would give them what would place them in such
a position as ought reasonably to satisfy a tribe
of their number and position.
This tribe numbers about two thousand five
hundred persons, all told. They received by the
cession of 1831, something like $700,000. They
received, under this treaty of Commissioner Me-
dill, something like §350,000—making upwards of
$1,000,000 in all. They received, too, in exchange
for their former possession, a tract of country,
which, I am told, comprises about 600,000 acres
of land, to which they will be removed. And it
seems to me, when we come to look at what is
necessary for their comfort, that this is an ample
provision. If we have made an ample provision
for them, what more can be required of us? If
we are to suppose that they are the owners of the
land, we should not be satisfied with giving them
nineteen cents an acre; for it is worth much more.
If we believe that, in equity, we ought to give them
this price—which is a high price for Indian lands
—then this appropriation will not do, for it does
not amount to the difference between the amount
which we have actually given them,and theamount
which would bejlue upon the land which they act-
ually sold, if we were to value them at nineteen
cents an acre. They sold upwards of 5,000,000
of acres, and their claim in the whole would be,
therefore, if we were to vivethem that amount per
acre, upwards of £900,000, and the sum necessary
to be appropriated to make up the difference, in-
stead of being only £220,000, would be something
like $600,000.
But, Mr. President, suppose we make the ap-
propriation, will the Indians get the benefit of it?
Is not that one objection to making these appro-
priations in gross? So strongly does the Com-
missioner of Indian Affaiis seem to feel this, that,
he recommends thaL whatever additional compen-
sation is given them, should be given in the shape
of annuities, from year to year. And that was
the original promise made by the President, in the
year 1831—that if he should remo\e them, under
that treaty, he would pay them an additional com-
pensation m the shape of an annuity. It seems to
me that something of this sort ought to be done.
Why, sir, I found a contract in the IDepartment in
relation to this very tribe, by which one agent'—
and I do not know that they have more than one
—was to get one third of the amount which they
were to receive. It is true, and la just to that
agent, to state that the sub-agent who transmitted
the contract and the correspondence, says lie con-
sulted the Indians, and they declared that they
were willing to make the contract—that it was
fairly made. But the very fact that they should
have made so improvident a contract, is proof that
it will be throwing away the money to appropriate
it in gross,as is proposed lo be done lieie. If we
do give them additional money, it ought to be done
with such safeguards as would secure the enjoy-
ment of it by the Indians themselves.
The whole question with me is this, whether
these two thousand live hundred Indians have not
been sufficiently provided for by this and former
treaties? It strikes me that they have been; but
if it should turn out that they have not. been, I
should be willing to make further provision for
them, not in the shape of compensation for their
lands, but in oulei to disohciige ouiselves of the
obligation of securing their comfort and providing
for their future home by suitable arrangements
and provisions for them. That I should be will-
ing to do. But if we act upon the principle that
the Indians, or their agents, can come here and
set aside treaties by private parol declarations on
the part of the commissioner, or transactions at
the time, or secret and private understandings on
the part of the Indians themselves, or mistakes
and "misunderstandings on the part of the Indians,
then we shall never know what we are confirming
when a treaty is sent for ratification to this body.
If this appropriation be made, and this princi-
ple be earned out, the whole syslem of Indian
treaties ought io be abolished; because it will be
impossible that the Senate can know what bar-
gain they are making when they act upon an
Indian treaty. If it is favorable to the Indians, it
binds us, of course; because they are the weaker
party. If it is unfavorable to them, or if they
produce testimony to show that there were private
declarations, or fraud, or anything of that charac-
ter on the part of the commissioner, they may
come here and disturb the treaty, and set aside its
provisions, introduce new contracts and new
agreements upon which the Government has to
act.
I think, therefore, for the sake of example, that
this item should be stricken out. But there is a
difficulty in relation to these Indians, fdr which I
am willing to provide. They will soon have to
remove, owing to the action of Congress. At the
present session, the inhabitants of Wisconsin have
been pressing to have these Indian lands, which
were reded, put into market. If the lands are' put
into market, it will be necessary to remove the
Indians. They are not willing to go to the coun-
try icserved for them, and which is theirs by
right; but they arc willing to go, and, as I under-
stand at the Department, the people of Wisconsin
are probably willing that they should be tempora-
rily placed in a portion of the northern part of that
State. Under these circumstances, the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs has drawn up an amend-
ment, which I shall offer, if this provision be
stricken oufby the Senate—to appropriate $25,000
to remove them temporarily to this place, until it
can be seen whether an arrangement can be made
with the government of Wisconsin,to makeaper-
inanent exchange with the Indians, and to give
them some more permanent location in some por-
tion of the State. If the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin should be unwilling to make such an arrange-
ment, of course the Indians will have to go further
west, to the lands whuh belong to them; but if
the people are willing, and the Indians themselves
desire it, it would seem to be fair to make this ar-
rangement. In order to make such an arrange-
ment possible, it would be necessary to make
some provision for their removal, and their tem-
porary settlement.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, I concur in
the object which the Senator from Virginia has in
view—to strike this clause from the bill. This
matter was before the Committee on Indian Affairs
in 1848, when the treaty was submitted to the
Senate. The charge of fraud and mistake was
then investigated by the committee and by the
Senate. Charges were made, letters were written,
and memorials were sent on against the ratification
of that treaty. Specifications were sent forth
against the conduct of Comm:ssionerMe<HM, who
negotiated the treaty. "We gave it a close .inves-
tigation, and Commissioner Medill, upon every
charge,and upon every specification, proved them
to be entirely false, and himself to be entirely inno-
cent, by the veiv best men in the State of Wis-
consin, who testified in his favor. But suppose
there was n mistake—and I am willing to admit
that perhaps the Indians, at the time, were not
fully aware of the extent of their claim—this is
pot the time to make an appropriation, and it is
upon that point that I wish to address a few re-
marks to the Senate.
Suppose they are entitled in equity and good
conscience to £.220,000, in addition for their lands,
I say this is not the time to make the appropria-
tion, in my opinion; because they are in an un-
settled state. They were to have removed within
two years after the ratification of the treaty, to
the territory set apart for them by it, upon the
Crow-Wing river west of the Mississippi. They
have examined that country: they have explored
if <luongh a delegation, and arc of the opinion
that it is not a country suitable for them, and they
are unwilling to remove to it for the reason that it
ih a barren country, entirely void of ^.ane; and for
another more potent reason with them: they
say that they will be hemmed in on one side hv
the Chippewas, and on the other by the Wir" ■-
haloes, their hereditary enemies; and they being
a smali band compared with either the Chippewas
or Winneba^ocd. are unwilling to go iheie. What
is then' condition? There is no other land set
c part or appropriated for them. They are still in
the Strto of Wisconsin. The white settlers are
pressing upon them; and place them wherever you
may in the hmits of that Siare, I doubt very much
whether the Legislature of Wisconsin will ever
give their consent that the Menomonees shall per-
manently live within the limits of their State. It,
is against their policy. It is preparing trouble in
the future, if the Legislature should consent. They
may consent to their remaining there for a few
