1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
Also, the petition of William A. Wood, pray-
ing compensation for his unlawful detention in the
rwhlary service of the United States, and malicious
treatment during such detention by officers of the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of mer-
chants and citizensoof Fairhaven> Massachusetts,
praying that further aid may be extended to Col-
lms's hneof mail-steamers; which was ordered to
be laid on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, against the exten-
sion of Woodworth^J patent for a planing ma-
chine; which were reterred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, sundry petitions from practical printers
of Pennsylvania, praying the establishment of a
notional printing office; which were referred to the
Commutee on Piintmg.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of John P.
McEldei ry, praying compensation for two months'
services as a cferk in the Bureau of Docks and
Yards; -which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Also, a memorial of members cf the Cincinnati
and Pittsburg Associations of Steamboat Engi-
neers, of captains and owners of steamboats, of
officers of insurance companies, and other citizens
of the United States, directly interested in the navi-
gation, by steam, of tthe Ohio and Mississippi,
praying the enactment of such laws as will more
effectually secure the safety of life and property on
board vessels propelled, in whole or in part, by
steam, and recommending &ome remedies, which
their practical experience in the business of steam
navigation has suggested to them; winch was or-
dered to lie laid on the table.
^Mr. SHIELDS presented two memorials of cit-
izens of Illinois, praying that the bridges of the
Wheeling and Belmont Bridge Company may be
established as mail routes; which were referred to
the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of the
city and county of New York, remonstrating
against the extension of Woodworth's patent for
a planing machine; which was referred to the i
Committee on Patents^and the Patent Office. :
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition of i
Andrew Fountain, praying the payment of Texas
bonds, of which he is the holder; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a petition of merchants and other citizens
of Louisville, Kentucky,^praymy; fuither aid to
Colhns's line of steamships; which was ordered to
belaid on the table.
Mr. HUNTER presented a report'and resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Virginia, on the sub-
ject of the Virginia military land warrants, issued
for services in the war of the Revolution; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr DAWSON presented a petition of the offi-
cers of the " Washington Yagers," praying that
the arms necessary to equip that company in ac-
cordance with law may be granted them; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a petition of the officers of the Wash- i
ington Boone Riflemen," praying that the arms
necessary to equip that company iu accordance
with law may be grrnted them: which was re- 1
ferred to the Commitiee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of inhabitants
of Stonington, Connecticut, praying that further aid
may be extended to Collins's line of mail-steam-
ers; which was ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti- !
tion of residents at or near Darlington, Wjscon- 1
sin, praying the establishment of a mail route from
Mineral Point, by way of Willow Springs, Darl- ,
in^ton and Gratiot,to Warren: which was referred ■
to the Committee on thePostOfficeand Post Roads. !
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, Tliat tti« petition ot'Xmvw Whiting on the (lies
of the donate, b-i loaned to the Committee on Pensions. 1
On niotioa by Air. DOWNS, it was
Oi C.ct Thfit tlio petition of W'Miam Pumphrcy, on the
file*- of tiio Suaate, be leferred to tlic Committee on fuvate
Land CLrms.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the momonal of the member of the bar of
tliP District o[ Columbia, on tile files o! the u'laUn? |
to an increase of the &a!.iry of tti*1 ot the oipliaufc*
court for that District, be reteired to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Commitiee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
| of Calvin B. Seymour, asking indemnity for mer-
j chandise destroyed by the Creek Indians in the
| year 1&36, submitted a report, accompanied by a
| bill for the relief of Calvin B. Seymour and Wil-
j lard Boynton, surviving partner of the firm of W.
! and H. Boynton; which was read and passed to
I the second reading. The report was ordered to
I be printed.
j He also, from the same committee to which
j was referred the petition of John W. Qumney,
| praying to have the rights of a United States cm-
j £64i and a home, and that all his rights in the
| Stockbridge tribe of Indians may inure to him,
[ reported a bill for his relief; which was read and
• passed to the second reading.
j He aNo, from the same committee, to which was
i referred the bill from the House of Representatives*
for the relief of the legal representatn e of James
j C. Watson, of Georgia, reported it back without
; amendment.
: Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Rev-
1 olutioiuuy Claims, to which was iefeired the me-
morial of Catharine (J-. Finney, in behalf of her-
I self and other heiis of officers of the Revolution, of
1 the Rhode Island brigade, praying remuneration
! for depieciation of pay-certificates for services
i during the Re\olution,asked to be discharged from
j the further consideration thereof, on the ground
j that it was embraced in the general claim of the
; Rhode Island brigade, now under consideration.
1 It was so ordered.
, He also, from the same committee, to which
i was referred a memorial of citizens of New York,
! praying that pensions may be granted to the
! widows and children of officers and soldieis of
| the Revolution; the petition of the children of Brm-
! ton Paine for back pay and pension, with the re-
port of the Committee on Pensions thereon; and
the documents in support of the claim of William
Read for compensation for services in the Indian
w.ar of 1793, asked to be discharged from the fur- j
ther consideration thereof, arid u\at the last-men- ;
tioned be referred to the Committee of Claims-, |
which was agreed to.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the peti'ion of Pnsoilla C.
Simonds, praying remuneration for the effects of
her son, Moses H. Simonds, who died in the ser-
vice, and were taken possession of by his superior
officer and lost, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for her relief; which was read and passed
to the second reading. The report was oidered to
be printed.
Pie also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of the heirs and legal
representatives of Samuel Prioleau, praying in-
demnity for property destroyed by order of Gen-
eral Lincoln during the revolutionary war, re-
ported a bill for their relief; which was read and
passed to the second leading.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for die relief of Mau-
rice K. Simons, reported it back without amend-
ment.
He also, fiom the same committee, to which
were referred the memorials of William Butler, .
and of Joseph PI. Marsh, reported adversely ,
theieon. The report on the first-named memorial '
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives for the relief of Ser- i
<^eant Leonard Skinner, reported it back without
amendment. . 1
He also, from the same committee, to which .
wos referred the memorial of Julius A. Pratt, pray-
ing to be employed to clear out the river Sju An-
tonio, in Texas, asked to be discharged from the
further conmdeiation thereof; A'hich was agreed
to. _ .
He also, from the Committee for the District of
Columbia, to whi^h was referred the several me-
morials relating to the amendment of the charter
of Washington, reported a bill to amend the char-
ter of the city of Washington; which was read
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
| petition of Samuel F. Butterworih, submitted a
j report, accompanied by a bill for his ichef; which
was read and passed to the second readiug. The
report was ordered to be painted.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of the
Legislature of Tennessee, praying "the establish-
ment of a marine hospital at Memphis, have di-
rected me to report adversely thereon. 1 desire to
, say in this connection, that the memorialists do
i not realty ask for the establishment of a marine,
j hospital, but for a State or county poor-house, and
j such most assuredly is not wit Inn the view of the
\ law. There is a letter from the Secretary of the
| Treasury in relation to the matter. I move that it
j be printed for the use of the Senate.
; The motion was agreed to.
j Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Patents
1 and the Patent Office, to which was referred the
j petition of William R. Nevins, submitted a report,
' accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
! read and passed to the second reading. The re-
port was ordered to be punted.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memoual
i of Jonathan Lewis, repotted a joint resolution fe>r
| his relief; which was read and passed to the second
j reading.
Mr. BRADBURY j, from the Committee on the
| Judiciary,to which was referred the petition of C.
E. Grenedux, reported a bill for his relief; which
j was read and passed to the second reading,
j NOTICES OF BILLS.
! Mr. GWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
> leave to introduce a bill to grant the right of way
| through the public lands of the United States for
j the construction of.the following railroads, to wit:
[■From Benicia, by the way of Sacramento City,
i Marysvdle, and Shasta City, to Shnsta Balle City;
[ from San Francisco to San Jose; from Sacramento
: City to Nevada City; from Sacramento City, via
>; Coloma, to PJacerwJIe; from fetockton to Mou-
j( kolurnne Hill; from Stockton to Souora; from
|l Stockton to Agua Fria; from Mmiterey, via San
Juan, to Agua Fria; from San Pedio to Los Au-
I'geles; from San Diego, via San Luis Rey, Los
ij Angeles, San Juan, to San Jose; and from Los
Angeles to Agua Fria.
Also, a bill supplemental to the act of Congress
approved March 3, 1851, to asceitam and settle
j, the private land claims in the State of California.
' Mr. DOWNS ga^ notice of hts intention to
11 ask leave to introduce a bill, providing for the is-
li suing of patents for a certain class of confirmed
j! private land claims in Louisiana.
j Also, a hill for the relief of Leonard Dyson, as
j assignee of Edward McLaughlin,or his legal rep-
j resenatives.
| Mr. BRODHEAD gave notice of his intention
'l to ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
|) Mary E. Davis, widow of E. W. Davis.
ji Mr. GEYER gave notice of his intention to ask
I leave to introduce a bill to provide for the improve-
'i merit of the navigation of the Mississippi river,
!i and the navigable waters leading into the same.
[| BILLS INTRODUCED.
j Air. GWIN, agreeably to previous nptice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill, to
■: provide for a monthly mail from San Francisco,
via the Sandwich"Islands, to Shanghai, in China;
1' which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
:i and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
i EXECUTIONS IN DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Air. BADGER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to prohibit public executions in the District of
, Columbia; which was read the first time, and or-
dered to ci second reading.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the Senate, by unani-
mous consent, to permit that bill to be now read
I the second time: and if, after it is read, there be
no objection, ( hope the Senate will agree to put
the bill immediately upon its passage. There are
■ circumstances that render the bill not only proper,
but, if proper m itself, proper to be passed imme-
. diately.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and the Senate proceeded to consider
| it, as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
■ that persons now under sentence of death, and
! who shall hereafter be adjudged to suffer death
