1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged troiu the further consideration ot the memorial of
F. Hultman ; fiom the further consideration of the petition
of Joseph Byrd; and horn the farther consideration of
documents relating to the claim of Mariano (>. Vallejo.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
James It. Browmug, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
NOTICE OF A BILL,
Mr. BERRIEN gave notice that he should ask
leave to introduce a bill to be entitled " An act to
provide for the removal of obstructions in the river
Savannah, in the State of Georgia."
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHIELDS, agreeably .to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill to in-
crease the efficiency of the Army by a retired hst
for disabled officers; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
FLOGGING W THE JTAVT.
Mr. GWIN. There was a memorial laid upon
the table some time ago, which I promised to cull
up to-day. It relates to flogging m 'the Navy. I
move that it be taken up and disposed of.
Mr. BRIGHT. A week ago this morning,
the joint resolution in relation to the printing of
the returns of the Seventh Census, was made the
special order for to-day, and the morning hour
lias now passed.
The PRESIDENT. That is the first special
order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to proceeding with its consideration now.
Mr. SHIELDS. But committees have not yet
been called upon for reports, and I have one which
1 wish to present.
The PRESIDENT. The hour of one o'clock
has arrived, and if the Senator from Indiana calls
for the special order, that will be the next busi-
ness for the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I withdfaw the call for the
special order, to give the Senator from Illinois an
opportunity of presenting his report.
Mr. GWIN. If the call of the Senator from
Indiana for the special order is withdrawn, I must
insist upon my motion. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Stockton] wishes to make some
remarks, and I also wish to offer some observa-
tions on this subject. I hope, therefore, that the
memorial will now be taken up.
Mr. STOCKTON. So far as I am concerned,
I am quite willing to be satisfied so long as this
memorial is allowed to lie upon the table; but as
soon as it puts its head above the table I shall talk
about it.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will not call
for the special order until reports are made, if the
Senator from Indiana wishes to withdraw his call
foi the special order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I withdraw the call for the
present,
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill to establish
a navy-yard and depot on the Bay of San Fran-
cisco, in California, reported it with amendments.
He also made a report on the subject; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred a bill to in-
demnify the State of South Carolina for money
expended for the use of the United Slates in the
war in Florida with the Seminole Indians, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the biil to pro-
vide for the payment to the State of Georgia for
moneys expended by the State for horses and
equipments lost by volunteers and militia whilst
en°-a°-ed in the suppression of the hostilities of the
Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee Indians, in the
years 1836, 1837, and 1838, reported it without
amendment.
DESTRUCTION OF THE CONGRESSIONAL
LIBRARY.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which„ was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives making appropriation
to meet the expenses incurred in consequence of
the late fire at the Capitol, and the amendment of
the Senate appropriating   dollars for the
increase of the Library, reported them back, and
recommended their passage.
He presumed there would be no objection fo
the immediate consideration of the bill, and he
therefore asked the unanimous consent of th§ Sen-
ate to take it up.
The motion being agreed to, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, and the
blank in the amendment was filled with $10,000.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill as amended was subsequently read a
third time and passed.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings be
instructed to inquire into the expediency oi'appiopuatmg a
sum not exceeding  dollars, to fit up the document
room near the Libiaiy and a part o! the adjoining passage, foi
the temporal y reception of the books of the Congressional
Library.
MARINE CORPS.
Mr. CLEMENS submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of adopting a sepa-
rate code of regulations for the government of the Manne
Coips of the United States.
Be it further resolved, That said committee bo also in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
President of the United States to appoint annually two
cadets to the Military Academy at West I\mit, to be edu-
cated with a view to appointment in the Maune Corps.
"WIDOW OF GENERAL BELKNAP.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be,instructed
to inquire into the justice and propriety of awarding a pen-
sion to the widow ot the late Bievet Brigadier Geneial Bel-
knap, who served during the late Mexican war with distin-
guished fidelity and ability, and recently ditd while actively
engaged in the public service. * J
PRINTING OF THE SEVENTH CENSUS. W
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the following resolution, intro-
duced by Mr. Bright, and reported back by the
Committee on Printing:
Be it resolved, <§t., That the Joint Committee on Pnnting
be directed to contiact with Donelson & Armstrong for
printing the census tetuins, upon such terms as the commit-
tee may deem reasonable.
Mr. BORLAND. When this resolution was
before the Senate on a previous day, I stated that
1 should offer an amendment to it. I now pro-
pose to strike out the words " Joint Committee on
Printing,"" and insert Secretary of the Senate
and Clerk of the House of Representatives." I
shall also move further to amend it, by striking ji performance. The passage of the resolution, then,
out the word "committee," m the latter part of
the resolution, and inserting "Secretary of the
Senate and Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives," so as to make it read consistently with the
first amendment.
The PRESIDENT. If the former amendment
is adopted, the latter follows as a matter of course.
Mr. BORLAiND. I do not offer this amend-
ment with the view, as some might suppose, of
defeating the resolution. I offer it in good faith,
for the purpose of putting the resolution in what
I consider the proper form. I am m favor of the
purpose of the resolution; but 1 deem it due to the
Committee on Printing, to myself particularly as j
chairman of that committee, and still more due |
to the Senate, that this alteration should be made i
in the resolution as reported from the committee.
In its present form the resolution proposes to im-
pose duties upon the Committee on Printing
which I do not think ought to be imposed upon it,
and which I think calculated to do injury rather
than good to the public service. It requires execu-
tive, or rather administrative duties of the com-
mittee—a class of duties which are not required
of the other committees of the Senate. It consti-
tutes them an executive board, and imposes upon
them duties analogous to those whicn are per-
formed in every other Department of the Govern-
ment by a bureau, at the other end of the 'avenue.
I am not opposed to performing any duty which
the Senate may impose upon me, as the member
of any committee. I think I have labored faith-
fully; I know I have labored industriously and
assiduously in the performance of duties which
have been imposed upon the Committee on Print-
ing, and those duties are well known to be ardu-
ous. But, sir, I am opposed to being burdened
by duties which I have neither the time nor com-
petency *to perform in a manner or with resuita
satisfactory to myself or useful to thepublic; and
which, even if I had the time and competency to
perform ever so well, were never intended to be
performed by any Senator, and are not contem-
plated or provided for in the organization of the
committees of this body.
This resolution requires the Committee on
Printing to go out jnto the streets, as it were, and
engage in chaffering and bargaining with those
who wish to do this portion of the public work.
The mere statement of this fact, it seems to me,
shows that the resolution is wrong m this respect,
and imposes duties upon Senators which would
carry them beyond their legitimate and proper
sphere, and utterly incompatible with their other
and appropriate duties.
1 have said that I do not feel competent to per-
form the duties required by this resolution. I re-
peat it with emphasis, and m ail sincerity and
candor. There aie details in the proposed arrange-
ment of this business which 1 do not understand,
and which I have neither time nor inclination to
learn. But the persons whom I propose to sub-
stitute in the place of the committee, have the
qualifications which I do not possess. It is in the
line of their duty—a duty which they have habit-
ually performed for years past.
I am not a practical printer, though I have some
knowledge of the printing and publishing business,
from having heretofore been engaged in it; but I
do not know enough about it to do this work as it
ought to be done, and as it must be done, if the
public interest is to be takeri care of. To require
it of me is to require impossibilities at my hands;
and 1 now notify the Senate and all concerned,
that if, notwithstanding what 1 have said, the
resolution shall pass in its present form, some
vother member of the committee will have to per-
form the duties it imposes, if they shall be per-
formed at ail. But who is the member who will
or who can perform them ? Sir, I turn to my as-
sociate on the committee, the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlin,] who alone may be supposed to'be
competent to perform these duties, and he says that,
like myself, he is not. I am sure then no other
member of the committee is competent.
In justice to the other members of the commit-
tee and to myself, I must say, I do not oppose
the imposition of these duties upon us, because
we are unwilling to perform any amount of labor,
assume tiny responsibility which may legitimately
i fall to our share. But, sir, because I am convinced
| that these cannot properly be required of us; and
even if they could be, they exceed our powers of
m its present form, will, in my opinion, result in
confusion in the public business, and, in all prob-
ability, defeat the object sought to be accomplished
by its introduction. On the other hand, if thegen-
tlemen I propose to substitute for the committee,
be charged with these duties, there is the best rea-
son for believing they will be faithfully and effi-
ciently performed.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say one word upon
this subject. It seems to me, that under any
view which we can take of it, this committee is
quite as competent to perform the duty as the
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House; the members of the committee are as
much practical printers as they are. I believe the
committee has a clerk, who could collect all the
necessary facts. There is a good deal of respon-
sibility about the matter, and it seems to me that
it will be much safer with the committee than
.with the Secretary and the Clerk. I wish, for
myself, that the Committee on Printing may go
on with it; and if they do not, I would much
prefer the appointment of a select committee to
attend to it. I think the responsibility had better
be assumed by a committee of this body than by
the Secretary and Clerk.
Mr. BRIGHT. The practical effect of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Arkan-
sas would be to let out this contract to the lowest
bidder. That, for one, I wish to avoid, for the
reason that experience has proved that under that
system we cannot get our work done in a suitable
and proper manner, and in reasonable time. It is
clearly demonstrated that this work, to be valu-
able, should be performed promptly, and-for its
prompt and proper execution we are willing to
pay a fair price. Hence, the resolution was
