1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
think his reckoning is entirety wrong:. I made a
calculation of the sum which it would be required
to pay according to the conditions of my amend-
ment, and the conclusion to which I came was,
that it would make but a few thousand dollars
more; not more than $4,000 or $5,000 more. I
thought the amount was so small, that it would
be better to take that sum than make an arbitrary
allowance. My proposition is to pay them for the
additional 2,000,000 acres at the rate of eleven and
a half cents an acre. The amount is easily deter-
mined.
Mr. WALKER. That is not what is argued,
nor what I believe will be the effect of the amend-
ment. If you give the same price which was paid
for the land which has been purchased from the
Indians, you will have to pay according to the
rate which is demanded for the whole land, which
is eighteen and nine tenths cents per acre. I have
calculated the amount upon 5,000,000 acres 
Mr. BELL. It amounts to §400,000.
Mr. "WALKER, I made my calculation on
the supposition that we were to pay nineteen cent*?
per acre for 5,1300,000 acres, which amounts to
$950,000; I then make a deduction of the sum paid
under the treaty, which was $350,000, and that
leaves the sum to be paid $600,000. The Senator
from Arkansas proposes to pay only eleven and a
half cents per acre. But besides that, it is sub-
jected to the manifest objection of the assignments
which have been made of this chum, by the In-
dians.
Now, sir, when it is made, let it be ascertained
where the Indians are to go, and let Congress ap-
propriate so much money as is necessary to buy
them a home, if a new home is to be provided, if
we have land, they should be content if we give
them land and charge them for it. Then what will
be necessary to remove them, appropriate for that
purpose, together with what will be necessary to
furnish them with necessary blacksmithing, and
to provide the means to keep them from famine
until they can be established in a new homer How
do you know what to do with them now 3 If you
appropriate the money now, how do you know
what will become of it? One third of it will go
into the hands of agents, and then the rest will he
drawn by—1 will not say whom. That is what
will become of it; and who else is to have a" lin-
ger in the pie" i do not know. But so long as it
can be ascertained that it will be necessary to lo-
cate them in then* new home, just so long as the
money now paid will support them they will pay
it out hi! it is all gone, and none of it will benefit
the poor Indians. The poor Indians ? Why it is
the cormorant agents who surround th;.-; Capitol
who will get it, who give us more trouble than all
the Indians would with arms in their hands '
Sir, if you were to propose to appropriate ten
millions, to be expended in Wisconsin among
the citizens of my own State, I should oppose it,
if given upon this plan, when I know that the
benefit is to redound to those who have done
nothing but cheat the Indians. It is entirely use-
less; it is worse than useless; it is injurious; and I
hope the chairman of the Committee on Finance
will succeed in hn proposition to strikeout the ap-
propriation.
1 do not know to what extent my colleague
concurs with me. I should be glad to have his con-
currence, and to hear his views upon this matter.
But whatever those views may be, i am opposed to
this appropriation. I hope it may be stricken out,
and that the rights of the Indians may be guarded;
and whenever'it is necessary that the patronage
of the Government should be extended to them, it
may be done, i hope that when we extend our
hand to them, and say, "Take the fish,5' they
may not find, when they seize upon it, that it is
a stone.
Mr. BELL. I believe the Senate are ready for
the question. I merely wish to say, that in com-
mon with the members of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, I have looked a little into t'ns claim,
and I concur, in the main, in the views expressed
by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
with regard to the policy of going back and over-
hauling this treaty to discover whether strict and
adequate justice was done to these Indians. Nev-
ertheless, I see in the condition of the Menomo-
nees something which will force itself on the sym-
pathy, if not on the justice, of Congress, to in-
duce Congress at some time to make an additional
appropriation for their final settlement.
I do not believe that if we were to make this ap-
propriation, and if it could be the last appropri-
ation that would be made for any of these consid-
erations, we should lose anything; for 1 think that
Congress will have to make an appropriation
or a donation for the relief of these Indians.
They are now in Wisconsin, but are not entitled
to a foot of land which they can claim as their
own. They have been permitted by the Legisla-
ture of the State and by the President of the
United States, to remain where they are for the
present; but that permission is merely temporary.
In accordance with the terms of the treaty of
1848, six hundred thousand acres of land were
provided for them. They have explored that
country, and pronounced it to be unsuitable to
them. For many reasons they declined going
there, and the Government has not insisted that
they should occupy the lands which were assigned
to them. A considerable difficulty will arise when
ever you com:: to remove them, as to the place
where they are to be located.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker]
has stated that the Legislature will never permit
them to form a permanent residence within the
limits of that State. I have heard it suggested,
on the other hand, that they probably would be
permitted to remain. If the Senator from Wis-
consin is correct in his supposition, then it is a
subject which should be looked to by the execu-
tive branch of the Government. I would be glad
if the Senator from Wisconsin would point out a
district of country which would be suitable for the
location of these Indians.
Mr. WALKER. That is just where I despair,
and where the Government ought to despair, and
where the Senate must despair; and, therefore, I
consider this appropriation useless for the present.
It should not be made until some place shall have
been determined on.
Mr. BELL. My opinion is that there will be
great difficulty, unless the two Houses of Con-
gress, and those who take an interest in thenoith-
western country, will agree that a portion of the
territory which we acquired from the Sioux should
be appropriated to these Menomonees. Unless
we agree that they shall hrivo a location m the
southern portion of the Minnesota Territory, I
know of no country suitable to their condition to
which these Indians can be removed. I have
thought a little on this subject. I have examined
the map, and ruminated on the condition of that
country generally. You cannot force them fur-
ther west, because you will at once place them
amongst powerful and hostile tribes; and unless
you give them a location in the southern part of
the Territory of Minnesota, i cannot see where
they are to go. They will be without a home;
the authorities of the Stale of Wisconsin will not
allow them to remain, and yet I do think that
every consideration of ordinary sympathy, and
the necessity of giving protection and guardian-
ship to these poor creatures, does call upon the
State of Wisconsin, if they have a territory they
can spare, to allow them to rest within their bor-
ders.
Mr. WALKER. I was not arguing a ques-
tion of morals, or of what ought or what ought
not to excite sympathy; butl was speaking of the
fact that Wisconsin has no country to which the
whites will not advance, and hence it will be un-
wise to give these Indians any portion of the
country there for their permanent location.
Mr. BELL. I do not know how it would be
unwise, nor is it for me to say what the Slate of
Wisconsin will do, or what generosity or human-
ity the people of that State will finally exhibit to-
wards these Fndians; but here is the dilemma—
where are the Indians to go? They are two
thousand, or two thousand fivt- hundred, in num-
ber; they are partially civilized; they live neither
by the chase nor by plunder, and if you drive
them away, where will you send them to? You
cannot send them among the wild men of the far
West. It therefore becomes a serious question,
and I hope the State of Wisconsin will assign
them some portion of that country, so that they
may remain in that territory. I know that the
people of the State of Wisconsin are generous in
their sympathies', and so, indeed, are the people
of the tlnited States everywhere—the people of
the Northwest as well as the people of other por-
tions of the Union. That, however, is a ques-
tion which we cannot settle here.
The Senator from Wisconsin has said, andper-
haps properly, that we cannot settle the question
of morality and sympathy here. No doubt the
Senator thinks the people of his State will not do
so, but I trust they will; for in their present con-
dition these Indians must become a source of
great annoyance to the inhabitants of Wiscon-
sin. If that State would assign to them a hun-
dred thousand acres, or fifty thousand acres, it
would do not only an act of common humanity
and generosity, but it would aid that part of the
country generally in getting rid of a great diffi-
culty. But this may be said to be aside from the
question.
But whatever money you propose to give upon
principles of generosity or liberality, or, if you
please, on the ground of an injustice done through
a mistake in the treaty of 1848, it should be re-
served to a time when they and we can know where
they will go and have a permanent home. The
!| paying of a small amount, to enable them to re-
ji move to a portion of Wisconsin, would be only a
'' temporary expedient, as the difficulties that now
li exist with regard to the settlements in the North-
ji west will accumulate every year. It is a question
| which requires the careful consideration of the
Government. I foresee that. I hope they will
■ ! have a portion of the territory assigned them in
!j Wisconsin. If the State of Wisconsin will con-
, sent to that, then it will be time for the Congress
}! of the United States to step forward and show
their generosity, or justice, if you please, by giv-
|' ing further compensation for lands which we have
I acquired by the treaty of 1848.
I From the examination which I have given to
I this question, 1 see no ground for further compen-
I sation upon principles of strict justice. I should
j! like to know from the Senator from Arkansas,
ij [Mr. Sebastian,] where he obtains his evidence
i: of a distinct definitive boundary of the Menomo-
:j nee country. The treaty of 1848 cedes all the
i| lands to which they had any claim. They never
!j had any separate and distinct boundary to their
i lands, so far as I understand the history of that
]; tribe. The treaty of 1831 specifies a boundary
i1 u claimed" by the Menomonee Indians, it is true.
But what is the fact with regard to the claim made
by these Indians? We have had to extinguish
the title of the Sioux, the Chippewas, and the
Winnebagoes, to portions of this very Menomo-
nee country. The claims of many other tribes
have been extinguished to large portions of this
very territory, by three or four distinct treaties.
There never was a time when the Menomonees
could claim a boundary free from the adverse
claims of the Sioux, the Chippewas, or the Win-
nebagoes, to certain parts of it.
I do not mean to go into a detailed statement of
this subject. I admit that whether there is justice
in the claim or not, we shall find ourselves in a
situation in which we shall be compelled to make
some further compensation to the Indians on some
ground orother; but now is not the time. I think
!; this clause ought to be stricken out.
,, Mr. CASS. I have listened to this discussion
it with a good deal of interest, with a view to make
up my own mind in regard to it, and the conclu-
jj sion to which I have come is this: 1 am clearly of
!■ opinion that something should be done for these
|j Indians, but I am very much in doubt as to what
should be done. For myself, I must say that I
I, have not facts enough before me to enable me to
|j come to an ultimate decision in that respect.
! The treaty between the United States and the
; Menomonees, by which the latter ceded their
| lands, provides that they should cede all their lands
j to the United States, and the United States gives
them another country containing six hundred
; thousand acres, in a territory which was ceded to
! the United States by the Chippewas. I do not
! know where it is; but I suppose north and west
of Wisconsin. Does it extend to the wet, marshy
:j country on Lake Superior?
< Mr. WALKER. I believe it is beyond the
i Mississippi, on the Crow-Wing river.
Mr. CASS. It is said that there is not a suf-
ficient quantity of good land within that boundary
, to support the Menomonees. That we do not
know. The Menomonees were to remove to it
1 within two years.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe I can furnish the
Senator from Michigan with the information he
requires. Does he wish to know what we pro-
1 pose to do with the tribe?
