1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
within the District of Columbia, shall be executed
within the walls of some- prison in the District,
or within a yard orinclosureadjoiningsaid prison,
and not elsewhere; that the marshal of the Dis-
trict, or one of his deputies, (with such officers of
the prison, constables, and other peace officers as
the marshal or his deputy shall deem proper,)
shall attend at said execution. It also provides,
that the marshal, or his deputy, shall invite the
district attorney, two or more physicians, and
twelve respectable citizens, to be present at every
such execution, and, at the request of the person
to be executed, shall also allow any ministers of
the Gospel, (not more than three in number,) his
or her counsel, or any of his or her near relatives,
to he present thereat; but 110 person or persons
Other than those mentioned in the act, and no per-
son whatever under the age of twenty-one years,
shall be allowed to witness any such execution.
Mr. HALE. 1 want to make a single sugges-
tion to the honorable Senator from North Caro-
lina. I see that the bill, as it now stands, makes
it imperative on the marshal to request the pres-
ence of the district attorney; and he is to request
• the attendance of-the prisoner's counsel, if the
prisoner shall desire it. I wish to transpose the
words " his or her counsel," so as to make them
come in immediately after the words " shall invite
1 he district attorneyso that it shall be incumbent
on the marshal to invite the district attorney, and
also the'prisoner's counsel, without the request of
the prisoner. I hope there will be no objection to
1 his change. I propose an amendment to trans-
pose the words 1 have indicated.
Mr. BADGER. I have no objection to it. I
put the bill in its present form because 1 hardly
supposed it would be proper to invite the prison-
er's consel unless the prisoner desired it. But I
have no objection to the proposed change.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended; the amendment
was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be j
engrossed fora third reading1 It was subsequently
read a third time and passed.
MARINE HOSPITALS.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred "to the Committee on
Commerce:
Resolved y That the Secretary of the Treasury ho, and he
is hejoby directed to cause such an investigation aa he shall
deem necessary, to ascertain]!' any of the marine hospitals
erected hy the United States Government, are used tor any
purpose ether than for the relief of sick and disabled seamen,
ami other persons by law entitled to relief; and if it shall he
found that said hospitals* are used for any purpose except
Mich a* specified by law, that the Secretary be directed to
adopt pueh rules a« shall prevent aaid abuse.
UMPQUA AND ROQUE RIVERS.
Mr.lrWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resoh <>J, That the Secretary of War communicate to the
Penato a eopv of report and smvey in reference to the
Ciupqua and Koque rivers ot Oregon', made by Lieutenant
Williamson, captain topographical engineers. i
ORPHANS' COURT OF WASHINGTON. j
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu- 1
tion; which was agreed to: |
Rewired, Tnat the Committee on the Judiciary be In- I
otructed to inquire into the expediency of placing the com- !
nen.-'ition of the judge ol the orphans' court for the county of •
washington, in the DMuctof Columbia, upon an equality ,
with that of the judge' ot the district court for said District.
PSJSTSrOjY AGENTS. I
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu- :
tion: which was agreed to:
Rtwlvedy That the Committee on Pensions he instructed
to enquire into the expediency of *o amending the second
section of an act entitled '• An act making appropriations •
for the paj merit of revolntionaiv and other pensions of the ,
t'nited States, for the vear ending 30th .Tune, 1848," ap- 1
proved 20th February. 18-17, as to extend the compensation i
allowed by said section to pension agents for set vices ren- '
«!ered since the passage of said act, to all pens-ion agents
who had rendered similar services previous to the pa&sage
of'•aidant. ;
COAL USED IN THE NAVY. '
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Coopkr, the 2d instant, in 1
relation to the qualities of the several species of j
coal used by the Navy; and it was agreed to. ;
PAYMENTS TO NAVAL OFFICERS. |
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution j
submitted by Mr. Hale, the 16th instant, m re-!
lation to unauthorized payments to naval officers; j.
and it was agreed to.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The engrossed bill to provide for the ascertain-
ment and satisfaction of claims of American citi- i
zens, for spoliations committed by the French :
prior to the 31st day of July, 1801, was read a j
third time. |
On the-question, "Shall this bill pass9—the
yeas and nays were demanded by Mr. Brodhead, 1
and ordered; and it was determined in the affirm- i
ative—yeas 26, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Berrien, Borland, Bradbury, 4
Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Downs, Fish, Gcyer, i
Hale, Hamlin, Jame^. Mangum, Miller, Pearce, Sebastian,
Seward, Shield*, Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood,
Upham, and Wade—26. j
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Brodhead, Cass, i
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Dougla.-, Ftlch, j
Gvvm, Hunter, King, Norris, and Walker—13. ]
Mr. RUSK rose when the roil was about to be
called, and said: I simply wish to say that I !
should vote against that bill, but the Senator from !
Louisiana [Mr. Soule] having gone home, 1 j
agreed to accommodate him by pairing off with ]
him. He would have voted for the bill, if he had j
been here. I mention this fact as my reason for '
not voting on this bill. '
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. A similar request was ;
made of me by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. ;
Pratt,] who is now absent, as we are oil different |
sides of the question in relation to this bill, he ;
having determined to vote for it, and I against it. j
Mr. BROOKE. The Senator from California, j
[Mr. Weller,] who is absent, requested me to ;
pair off with him on this bill, and i have agreed :
to do so. j
Mr. BORLAND, on his name being called, j
said, I vote " aye," under protest. j
Mr. MANGUM, when his name was called,,
said, I vote " aye," under instructions. j
THE DEFICIENCY BILL. 1
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re- j
sumed the consideration of the bill to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of the .
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1852.
Mr. GW1N. Mr. President, it w.is not my
purpose to make any remarks in reference to this
bill, except to explain some of the amendments j
which have been offered by the ommittee on Fi-
nance. But the discussion which took place on j
Friday last has made it a duty on my part to pre- ;
sent some facts to the Senate, which I shall do as !
briefly as possible. Although I dissent from the !
chairman of the Finance Committee in some of1
the positions assumed by him in opening this i
discussion, I should, nevertheless, have remained
silent, but for a remark which lei! from the Sena-
tor from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien.] That Senator
stated that he was struck with the peculiarity of
this discussion, with which we have been favored,
from the chairman of the Finance Committee, on
the subject of deficiency bills. And he went on
to state that he was not now prepared for the dis-
cusion; hut he added:
1 note it meiely for the purpose of having n iuni*r«tood
by the countiy, that this Administration capable of a de-
fense, when the proper moment airive> tor nuking it."'
Now, here is a notice given to us, that the Sen-
ator intends to defend this Administration at the
proper time, and, m order that he may have ad-
ditional materials to those that were furnished by
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] I will
give him some other items which will demand ex-
planation from the champions of the Administra-
tion. I shall commence by calling the attention
of the Senator to this provision of the Constitution
of the United States:
"No Senator or Representative shall, during the time for
which he was elected, be appointed to any civil o trice under
the authority of the United States, which '-hall nave been
created, or the emoluments whereof ?halJ have been in-
creased during "uch time; and no person holding any office
under the United States shall be a member oi oither'House
during his continuance in office "
I will then ask him to refei to a letter *rom the
Secretary of State, which he will find in the docu-
ments accompanying the President's message, on
California and New Mexico, addressed to the
Hon. Thomas Butler King, who was, at the time,
a member of Congress elect from the district,! be-
lieve, in which the Senator resides. The Secretary
of State says:
" The Fiesident, reposing full confidence m your integ-
rity, ability, and prudence, has appointed you an agent for
the purpose of conveying important inductions and dis-
patches to our naval and military commanders in Cali-
fornia."
At the close of this letter he says:
''Your compensation shall be at the rate of eight dollar*
per dipin, from the time of your departure on tile busina**
of your mission, until your return home; and you will be
allowed your traveling and other expenses dunng your ab-
sence."
Mr.DAWSON. "What is the dateof thatletter;
Mr. GWIN. It is dated April 3d, 1849. Mr.
King was at that time a member of Congress from
; Georgia. He had been elected, I believe, the pre-
vious October. His term had commenced; and
i here he receives one of the mostimportantappoint-
: ments, as I shall presently show, ever conferred
I upon any individual, from the beginning of the
: Government to the present time, still retaining his
j seat m Congress, and receiving compensation at
the rate of eight dollars a day, and his traveling
expenses, in addition to what he might iecei\e as
| a member of Congress. Now, what was Mr,
' King's mission ? He had placed under his con-
' trol the whole power of this Government on the
Pacific coast, or that portion of it included within
. the Territory of California. He had pi.iced at his
' disposal the army, navy, and Treasury of the
- United States. I have the documents to prove
I what I state. I read from a letter from General
■ Smith, who was in chief command m California,
: addressed to the Secretary of War. He says:
; "Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt oi
! vour communication, by the hand* ot tne Hon. T. Butler
; King.
; " VVith the view of afiordmg htin every pos-ibie opportu-
j nity of acquiring information relative to 'California, its pres-
I cnt situation, lt-s capabilities and pro>pect&, I have prepaied
[ the means or making a journey over the most part ot the
> Territory that is inhabited—going from the upper part of
J the Faeiamento along the loot of the Sierra Nevada to the
: uppei waters of the San Joaquin, and returning hv a route
nearer the coast, after visiting the country north of this bay.
1 near the sea. Several officois of the staff will accompany
, us ; and an experienced geologist, Dr. Tys-on, ot Maiyland,
ha=s promised to go along. Commodore Jones will also b«
of the party, if he finds he can be spaied fiom the court.
, VVe shall Jeav« as soon as the steamer i® dispatched."
Now, this expedition is one of the items that
, has within a few years swelled the expenditures
; in the quartet master's department to such an ex-
traordinary amount. It was fitted out by the quar-
termaster at great expense, and Mr. Ktn-r was es-
i corted by the general and commodore in command
of the army and navy on the Pacific coa^t into the
i interior of California, accompanied by an armed
' escort. The authority by which Mr. King con-
trolled these movements, emanated from the Presi-
i dent of the United States. There was no discre-
1 tion left to the military commanders in California.
! 1 will show now what Mr. King did as to thf
| navy. He delivered his instructions to Commo-
l dore Jones, in command on that station, who
, writes a letter to the Secretary of the Navy as
; follows:
"rfm: i have the honor lo acknowledge the r«ceipt of
| your letter of the 7th of April, banded to me on the oth in-
stant by Lieutenant Ringgold of the N'avj, in company with
i the lion. T. Butler Kmg. A more aece'ptabje visitor than
; Mr. King could hardly have been sent to California j nor
could Ins arrival hesc have been more opportune, bemt*
himself the beaier oi' the first authentic inrei!ig,jnce of the
; failure of all effois in Congress to extend the "laws of the
United States over tin.- Territory. Mr. King will doubfh;??
: report bv the fir-t st^aniei the state and condition of artatr?
j here a^ he found them. It i*s veiy gratifying to that portion
of the aunv and navy vcrviny oil tins station, to find that
• the mea^uie.3 they have adopted for the security of person"
; and property, and for the collection of dutic- un foreign lm
i ports, are approved by .Mr. King. a* we hope the} will bp
; by the President. "
To show what unlimited power was conferred
; on Mr. King, I will read n letter addressed by him
i to Commodore Jones, dated
SAN Fran( IFCO, siuzvsl 13,184D.
Sir: hi carrying info effect the view-- and policy indi-
cated m the letter of the Seeretarv of tii« Navy, which I
had the honor to deiivei lo you en my jnrival in tins piac<\
, if ha- bccome nece.-^aiy that f reque-t you to dispatch th 
, steamer l^dith, r-oon a-- practicable, to Pr. Piesro, touch-
ing at the intermediate pons, and to return to Monterey by
! the 1m. proximo, riea-e to have her supplied with stoies.
1 &e., to accommodate some twenty pct^ons in her cabin
At she is now. I am informed, undergoing repau^, I mu_-i
. beg that you will not he.-itate to employ such loice as will
insure hei being ready for sea, if p<v.ib!e, by Saturdav
n^xt.
I have the honor to be, with very great tespect, and e«-
! teem, your mo-st obedient servant,
[ ' T. BUTr.EB KING,
j Commodore T. Ap C. Jones, u'e., $'e.. .
1 Commodore Jones, on the first of September,
notifies the Secretary of the Navy of this order:
"Sir: The bteam propellers Edith and Mn^achusjetis
have been transferred from the War to tin- Navy Depart-
! ment—the former to the squadron and the latter to" the jonit
j commission. The Edith was m a very unserviceable con-
• dition—that is, her propelling machinery, which has been
