1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1981
Mr. CASS. I merely wished to know what
the character of the country is. The treaty stip-
ulation in regard to the removal of the Indians
from Wisconsin is clear; it says that they may
remain two years within theState,and even longer
if the President gives no notice.
There is a singular provision in one article of
the treaty; it is, that they may go and examine
the country which was set apart for them, and yet
by that very treaty they were not allowed to refuse
to remoye there. We guarantied to them by treaty
the possession of this territory which they decline
to accept; but we should know something about
the nature of that country, and whether tt is capa-
ble of supporting these Indians before we think of
providing another country for them. I would ask
the Senator from Virginia whether this country is
capable of supporting them?
Mr. HUNTER. I can answer the Senator
from Michigan, if lie will allow me. The coun-
try is not suitable to the taste of these Indians.
In all probability it is capable of supporting them;
but one great difficulty is that it throws them into
contiguity with powerful hostile tribes. The
Commissioner of Indian Affairs told me that he
thought he could make an arrangement with the
last Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, but that
he had failed; and that he hoped to succeed with
the next Legislature in making an arrangement
by which they might be located on the Wolf and
Oconto rivers. I have an amendment which he
recommended, proposing an appropriation of
$25,000 for the purpose of removing them there
temporarily. The necessity of removing them
from their present home is, that the people of
Wisconsin wish to put this land into market.
Mr. CASS. Then, if I understand t.he chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, the difficulty
is not in the nature of the country, but in its con-
tiguity to hostile Indians. I know these Indians
well. There is something curious in relation to
their history. They have never sought to be en-
gaged in any contest with hostile tribes surround-
ing them. It is their boast that they have never
killed a white man. They were never hostile
to us. Although they have been living in con-
tiguity with the Winnebagoes, and the Chippe-
was, and the Sacs and Foxes, and other tribes
ever since the French owned that country, I ven-
ture the assertion, on my firm belief, that they never
took a scalp. I have not the remotest idea that
if you transfer them to a point west of the Mis-
sissippi, to which the Sacs and Foxes are con-
tiguous, one drop of blood will be shed in con-
sequence. Twenty years ago, 1 descended the
Mississippi river with a party of Chippewas who
had been in a state of war with the Sioux. After
going down the river some five hundred miles we
approached the Sioux and Buftalo country, and
they became alarmed. They landed and saw the
foot-prints of the Sioux, and found some hiero-
glyphical marks on the bark of a birch-tree, which
had been put there to show that the Sioux had
been there, describing the number of the parties,
and what they had done, which was to 'them all
as clear as daylight from these hieroglyphical
marks. The Hag of the United States was there,
and I told them there was no danger.
We went down the Mississippi as easily as we
would now go down the Ohio. There was no
danger, and my opinion is, that a small force of
the United States sent into that country with them
would obviate all difficulty. But still I would not
force them to go there if the country is not suitable
for them, for they are the best and most peaceable
Indians that are to be found in any part of the
country. They have subsisted very much upon
the wild rice, and hence have been called the Wild-
rice Indians. They gather immense quantities of
it in their canoes, in the fail, from the lakes, where
it remains during the winter. And beneficent it is
in nature, to give them this means of subsistence,
which sows itself, so that they are not even under
the necessity of preserving grain for seed; for the
Indians generally, will very often eat up their seed
grain when they have it, and they would eat up
this if they could.
There is one thing that I beg Senators to con-
sider. We are parties, judges, and executioners
in this case, and therefore it becomes us, in the
position we occupy before the country and the
world, to deal, not with strict justice as between
white man and white man, but liberally and gen-
erously. Let me tell you there is not a Menom-
onee, there is not an Indian from one end of the
country to the other, that knows the difference be-
tween l,000.000of acres and 5,000,000; they have
not the slightest conception of it. You undertake
to bound any country by miles, and they know
nothing at all about it; but all you can do is, to
name certain places with which they are acquaint-
ed, and tell them that those places are the limits of
which you speak, and they will understand you;
but whether that country contains 1,000,000 or
5,000,000 of acres, they have no conception.
One thing with regard to ColonelMedill. I have
not the slightest idea that he ever intended any
fraud or the least wrong in the treaty that he made.
Probably there is more land than was supposed.
Colonel Mediil specified that the Indians should
have a certain sum. They estimated the land at
so much, and he said he would give so much for it.
The Indians could not know anything more about
the transaction, if limited to a certain number of
millions of acres, than if it had been in Chinese.
We had it our own way, and the signature of these
Indians made to the treaty should no more pre-
clude them from having justice done than if they
were blind on that point. If we assumed that
there were three millions of acres, and we agreed j
to pay so much per acre, and it turns out that there j
were four millions of acres, we are bound, upon j
every principle of justice, to make up the differ- I
ence, and not say we bought three millions, so
and so, and it turns out that there are four or five
millions. J repeat, that, upon every principle of
justice, we should do what is right, whatever may
have been the treaty. ;
I have great doubts about the propriety (if pay- j
ing them §.250,000 as proposed, either individually j
or collectively. I do not believe that it would do j
them any good. I would much prefer that we !
should provide a country for them, in which they j
can live. They do not raise any large quantity j
of agricultural products; nor do they hunt. They ;
are rather disposed to live on a few vegetables,]
and the wild rice. The country they occupy is j
not a hunting country, nor are they capable of !
hanging on to the chase like the S'ioux; and I j
should wish to send them to such a tract as would \
induce them to attend to agriculture; a country j
which they could improve, and such a eouniry we ;
should find for them in the United States, and put j
them fairly and honorably in possession of it, j
When the time comes, we should make up any j
difference to which they may be entitled, and give j
them every cent of it; but it would be much better ;
to throw this money in the river than to pay it j
to them now in gross. Provide for them a small i
sum now; act justly with them; send some person j
to investigate the actual position of their affairs; !
or charge the commanding officer, or the Gov-
ernor of Minnesota to make an examination, and ,
ascertain whether tliev are m the slightest danger
from the interference of the Sioux, and if there !
should be any danger, let the Government stop 1
between them ami the Sioux. I repeat that I .
think it would be better lo take this course, re- j
serving to ourselves such action as circumstances 1
may render necessary. j
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In order that the amend- j
ment may be put m proper parliamentary shape, ;
I have modified it so as to strike out the words S
" $221,840; the same to be paid in such sums, and !
4 at such time, with the approbation of said nation, ,
i as (he President may think most conducive to i
'their prosperity and happiness," and insert, in j
lieu of it, the following: '
i
1'ot the cxce^i oflnnd actually added, nvor the quaii- i
tity owned by them, as ascertained by I lie official opinion
of the Attorney General, at the same late that paid for !
said terntorv, assuming the quantity as that li-udmsaid :
opinion, ma> be allow ed in the di^cietinn of the Pit'sridcnt:
Provided, Thar the same "hall be subject, afiei all livce^arv 1
deductions, for expenses ol proem ing a new home, removal ,
thereto, and subsistence for twelve months thereaf'tei :
provided Jurther, That the baf.inoc shall not he paid until
alter such removal, and then m Mich manner as the Presi-
dent may direct.
So that the same clause may read: |
" For additional compensation for the sale of their lands
in the State of Wisconsin, by the tsr-aty of October 18th, ,
1848, for the excess of land actualIyaddt'd,oveMhr!qu<ujnty 1
owned by them, a* a«oeuained by the official opinion of the 1
Attorney General, at the same rate a* that paid for soul |
territory, assuming the quantity as that lited m ^aid opuv j
ion, may be allowed in the discretion of the President: j
Provided, That the same shall be subject, after alt necessary ;
deductions, foi expensesof procuring a new home, lemoval ;
thereto, and subsistence foi twelvemonths thereafter. Jlad. j
provided further, That the balance shall not be paid until j
after such removal, and then in audi manner as the Pre^i-
' dent may direct."
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment, I think, is
| premature, and will hardly accomplish the object
! that was designed. It certainly would throw these
| allowances of money into the hands of the agent,
j as it seems to me. But 3 propose, if the Senate
j should strike out the provision in the bill, as rec-
j ommended by the Committee on Finance, to move
; to insert the following provision:
For expenses of then removal from their present location
to th<  distiict of country on the Wolf and Oconto rivers,
designated in the report of Superintendent Murray to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, dated September 30 th, 1851,
ouo.
This is an amendment drawn up at the Indian
; department, and suggested by the Commissioner
, of Indian Affairs, and is designed to meet this state
of things. These lands are about to be offered for
sale. The whites will go in among the Indians and
disturb them, and thus lead to collision, which it
is desirable to avoid. The district of country here
designated belongs to the United States. The In-
dians are willing to go to it. The Commissioner
says there is a very great sympathy felt for them
among the people of Wisconsin, and he supposes,
from what he can learn, it will be agreeable to
those people that the Indians should be located in
this way, and we can provide for them temporarily
until it shall be ascertained to what other place it
will be best to remove them. The Indians are
dissatisfied with the country set apart for them by
the treaty of 1848. The Indian department hopes
to be able, when it shall have had time to look
around, to make some more suitable provision for
them; and this is designed for a temporary rest-
ing place, and for a permanent settlement, if the
Legislature of Wisconsin shall agree to that.
it seems to me that it will be enough to do this
now. We cannot know what it may be neces-
sary to appropriate to obtain a permanent home
for them, because we cannot know where it may
be located. Whenever that is ascertained, I shall
be willing to vote—not upon the idea of paying
them for their lands—what may be necessary to
secure to them a suitable and proper home, one
which they can enjoy—where they may live in
peace and happiness; but where that may be we
cannot tell until the case is investigated—until fur-
ther examination is made into the countries open
for Indian settlements and the peculiar wants of
these people. Therefore I think it will be better
to strike out this appropriation and insert the
amendment which is suggested by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, and which I shall offer if
the Senate will agree with the Committee on Fi-
nance in striking out this appropriation.
Air. CASS. I would ask the Senator where is
the country to which he proposes to remove the
Indians ' Is it in Wisconsin r
Mr. HUNTER. It is.
Mr. CASS. 1 think there can be no difficulty
in saying that the Legislature of Wisconsin, and
of all of the northwestern States, will not consent
to a permanent residence of any band of Indians
among them. They would not drive them away
from lands which they now occupy; but I do not
believe they would suffer any band of Indians to
settle permanently upon a new tract.
Mr. HUNTER. This is not proposed as a
permanent arrangement, unless the Legislature
shall say that if is to be permanent. It is intended
merely as a temporary arrangement. The Com-
missioner of Indian aft an s telis me that he be-
lieves it to be the wish of the people of Wiscon-
sin to have them settle there.
Mr. ('ASS. If it is to bea temporary arian^e
ment I have no objection.
Mr. ATCHISON. Does the Senator propose
to locate them on the Fox river1
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir, baton the Wolfand
Oconto rivers, on territory which forms a part, I
believe, of their cession.
Mr. CASS. I would ask the Senator one other
question. I did not hear the terms of his prop-
osition; and what I wish to know is, whether it
would allow provisions to be issued to the Indians
to supply their necessities ?
Mr. HUNTER. The phrase which I use is.
" For expenses of their removal." I suppose that
$25,000 will be enough to provide for those ex-
penses, including the issuing of provisions. It
was my desisjn to include provisions.
Mr. CASS. It would be a very dangerous ex-
periment to remove the Indians, and set them
