206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
no random assertions, i state what is known to
be true by all who were here at the time* 'Work
of an inferior quality, not half up to the contract
standard, was received. And not only was the
proposition made here, but it actually passed tius,
body, to pay the contractor a profit of ten per
cent, upon the whole amount of his expenditures.
That failed in the other House. But at the last
session the House of Representatives passed a
joint resolution, not only receiving all his work,
but providing' for paying lum a profit of nearly
two hundred thousand dollars on that work. It
came to the Senate at the close of the session,and
was not passed. If it had come earlier, I cannot
say what would have been its fate. The resolu-
tion, as it passed the House of Representatives,
allowed a profit, as I can show any one by a sim-
ple calculation, of very nearly two hundred thou-
sand dollars on the work. Was that no censure
- on the Committee on Printing that had performed
their duty in rejecting the work ? Was it no cen-
sure on the committee to receive the work and to
pay the contractor a profit in double the amount
of the contract, for a violation of that contract?
These are the farts to which I alluded; and they
are facts which cannot be controverted. Call
them "precious confessions," or what you please;
let them reflect injuriously upon whom they may,
I appeal to the Senate for their truth, and am not
responsible for them or their consequences. I did
all in my power to prevent their occurrence. Had
I been sustained in that attempt, the Senate would
have been spared these "confessions," and have
avoided any censure they may imply.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the proposition
under consideration is, as I understand it, that the
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House
of Representatives shall be substituted for the
Committee on Printing, and that the same powers
shall be given to the Secretary and the Clerk, which
this resolution proposes 10 give to the committee,
to make this contract. My fiiend from Indiana
says the object of this amendment will be to put
this printing out to the lowest bidder. I cannot
see that that is to be the legitimate result of the
amendment which has been proposed. What is
to be the effect? The Secretary of the Senate and
the Clerk of the House of Representatives wjpuld
be directed, if this amendment should prevail, to
make this contract; they would be directed to make
it in the same words in which the resolution directs
the committee to make it. Why, then, are we to
assume that the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk
of the House would let this work out to the low-
est bidder, if the committee are not bound to do
so? The gentleman tells us, that it is because the
committee would assume responsibilities which
the Secretary and Clerk would not assume. The
argument of the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Cass] is, that the Secretary of this
body and the Clerk of the House will employ
persons who are not prepared to do the work.
f-Iis whole argument is predicated upon that as-
sumption.
Air. CASS. If the Senator will allow me, I
will correct him. I meant to convey no such idea.
I merely meant to say that the Secretary of this
body and the Clerk of the other House might con-
ceive it to be their business to go to every printer,
and ask the lowest price at which he would do the
work, and take that as a standard. That was my
idea.
Mr. PRATT. The idea conveyed to my mind
by the Senator s remarks was, that he supposed
the Secretary and Cleik, if this matter were left to
them, would employ persons who were not pre-
pared to do the work: whilst the Committee on
Printing would employ those persons who had
their printing presses and paper and everything
ready, prepared to go on with the work. It occurs
to me, that from the very fact that the persons
who would have to make the contract, if this
amendment should pass, would not be willing to
assume the responsibility which it is supposed^the
committee would be willing to assume, that they
would take care to employ those who were pre-
pared to do the work—persons who would do the
work well, and who would do it at a fair price 
because they would act as though they owed re-
sponsibility to the respective Houses for which
they acted. On the other hand, a committee might
act without any fear of that responsibility. I think
therefore, that we have every reason to suppose
that, by the adoption of this amendment, the per-
formance of the work will be better secured than
if it were left to the committee.
I can see no reason why the committee should
be preferred to the Secretary and Clerk, except
the ground, not brought into view very directly,
but certainly covered up by what has been said,
that the committee might give this printing to a
political press irrespective of the manner in which
it is to be performed, and irrespective of the price;
whilst the Secretary of this body and the Clerk of
the other House, owing responsibility to their re-
spective bodies, would be afraid to do so.
Mr. BORLAND called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. BADGER. As the yeas and nays have
been ordered on this amendment, I wish to say a
few words to explain the reasons of my vote. 1
agree that the duty which the amendment of my
friend from Arkansas proposes to impose upon the
officers of the two Houses, is at once a difficult
and delicate one. For myself, I should be per-
fectly willing that the resolution should remain in
its original form; but that the honorable Senator
from Arkansas, who is at the head of the Printing
Committee, informs the Senate that he is not will-
ing to take the responsibility which it is thus pro-
posed to devolve upon him. He is not willing to
become an agent for contracting to let out the work
of the Senate And when I recur to the rule of
the Senate under which that committee was consti-
tuted, and find that no duty of the kind was con-
templated to be imposed upon that committee; and
that this resolution, in its original shape, directs
this committee to perform what does not properly
belong to the Senatorial duties of members of this
body, I do not see how I can, with propriety, with
a just regard for the motives which the Senator
from Arkansas has stated, and from the circum-
stances of this case which entitle him to ask an
exemption from having placed upon him a duty
not belonging to his office as a Senator, and not
belonging to the position which he occupies on
the committee, refuse a vote which is to concede
to him what he desires, and what I think he has a
right to ask. I do not see how I can refuse to ex-
empt him from a duty which I think the resolu-
tion cannot rightfully impose upon him and his
associates of the Printing Committee. For that
reason, and that reason only, I shall vote for the
amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I wish'to make a statement, which
I think will induce the Senator from North Caro-
limi [Mr. Badger] to change his opinion. I wish
to ask this question of the Printing Committee:
Suppose the present contractor fails to perform his
duty, would it not then be the duty of the Printing
Committee to make a contract for the printing* T
so understand the law. The very duty which it
is said we are now throwing upon the committee
is already imposed upon them by law. They are
now required, if 1 understand the law, in the event
of the contractor failing to perform his duty, to
make another contract for the Congressional print-
ing. Then this is nota new duty which we would
impose upon them. It is merely acting up to the
letter and spirit of the law.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 wish merely to get the
statement of a fact. I understand that this matter
was submitted to the Joint Committee on Printing,
and that a majority of that committee overruled the
Senator who has offered this amendment, and re-
fused to accede to it.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Alabama
is correct. I did not offer this amendment as
coming from the committee. I offered it from my
own sense of propriety. Since the Senator has
referred to the action of the joint committee, it
will not be improper, I apprehend, to state the
vote of the committee. I will state it. The joint
: committee, as is known to the Senate, is composed
r of three members of the House and three Sen-
I ators. The vote was, three in favor of the reso-
j! lution, two against it, and one member of the
committee did not vote at all. I voted with the
i majority. I so voted with the express declaration,
i! that it was for the purpose of getting the matter
: before the Senate, but that 1 would offer this
I' amendment. If the whole of the committee had
!j voted, I think there would have been a majority
in favor of the resolution as I proposed to amend
i' it, and that it will be so found when the vote
(; comes to be tf*ken here. A t any rate, this amerid-
|; ment of mine represents the sentiments of a ma-
r jority of the Senate committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I only desire
to state, in addition to what has been said by the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, in rela-
tion to the vote which decided this matter, that I
am, myself, the individual upon that committee
who withheld his vote. I withheld it for this rea-
son: I was in favor of giving the contract to the
persons named m the resolution; and so I am now;
but I was not in favor of making any committee
a "pack-horse" for the Senate, nor was I in favor
Of making any committee of Senators go out into
the streets and chaffer for the Senate, while they
had ministerial officers to whom those dutiesprop-
erly belonged. The Senator from Arkansas will
recollect the fact, that I withheld my vote, not be-
cause I was opposed to the resolution, but solely
because I wished this business to be done by our
ministerial officers and not by the committee.
Mr. BORLANEfr That is the fact.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President. I certainly felt
some delicacy in pressing this resolution after the
Senator from Arkansas announced that he was
opposed to the performance of the duties imposed
by the resolution upon the committee; but since
his first speech I have turned my attention to ihe
general law under which the printing of Congress
is now done, and I find that this joint resolution
proposes nothing more than is now in force under
a law that was passed on the 3d of August, 1846.
I understand from that law that if a contractor
should fail to perform the public printing, or any
part of it, it is the business of the committee of
the two Houses to selectanother agent, and make
full and ample provision for the public printing.
But the law does not stop there. It goes on to
say, that these committees shall audit the accounts
of the public printers. There is great force and
propriety in that law, because the Committee on
Printing in each House has been furnished with a
clerk; and during the recess of the last Congress,
or the Congress before the last, I am not certain
which, a committee of Senators sat, and for ser-
vices which they then rendered as members of the
Committee on Public Printing, they received their
per diem of eight dollars.
Mr. BORLAND. The statement of the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] has reference to
a state of things which existed before I became
a member of the committee or of the Senate.
Prior to that time it was customary, not for the
committee to remain, but for one member to re-
main to audit the accounts of the public printers,
presented after the adjournment of the Senate.
Since I have been on the committee, a different
practice has prevailed. Now, instead of any mem-
ber of the committee remaining to audit the print-
ers' accounts, and drawing his per diem during
that period, the Secretary of the Senate, the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, and the clerk of
the Committee on Printing, are constituted a
board to audit and settle the accounts of the pub-
lic printers during the recess. The Secretary of
the Senate and the Clerk of the House receive
no extra compensation for that service; but the
clerk of the Committee on Printing merely re-
ceives his #er diem. That is the present state of
the case.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not understand the law,
however, to have been changed since the period
mentioned. The same law under which Senators
and Representatives acted as a joint committee,
and drew pay during vacation then, is now in
force. The Senator complains of the duty which
will be thrown upon the Committee on Printing.
I think that the reading of the law will clearly
demonstrate that we do not propose to impose any
additional duty on that committee. This joint
resolution will throw no additional labors on them
whatever. The law of 3d of August, 1846, under
which the public printing is now done, provides 
" That a committee, consisting of three tnemhei s of the
Senate and three members of the IIouf*e of Eepresent-
attves, feliali be cho&en In their i effective Houses which
shall constitute a Committee on Printing, which <-hail have
power to adopt such measures as may be deemed necessa-
ry to leniedy any negligence or delay on the part oi the
contractor lo execute work ordered bv Conner.-,, and to
make a pro rata reduction of the compciitauun allowvd
or to reiufte the work altogether, should it be uilcrior to the
j-tandard."
This committee, as it is now organized under
this law, has large and plenary powers, it has a
right to declare a contract under that law abro-
gated by any non-fulfillment; and I think our com-
mittee ought to have declared the present contract
