1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
down in the wilderness, without any provision
for their support. Therefore, I wish some pro-
vision made for them. I have my doubts as to
whether the sum proposed to be appropriated by
the Senator fiom Virginia, will be sufficient.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, Mr. President, I rise for
the purpose of asking the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance—as there appears to be some
difference as to what the Commissioner on Indian
Affairs has recommended—whether the amend-
ment which he proposes now to submit, as he
says upon the recommendation of the Commis-
sioner on Indian Affairs, is in lieu of the appro-
priation which came from the House, and which
was also recommended by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs? The very appropriation which
we have been discussing was recommended by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, who made a
very elaborate report after a careful investigation
of the subject. Now, here is another amendment
not embraced in the original bill, proposed to be
offered by the Senator from Virginia; and I wish
to know, whether it is supposed bv the Commis-
sioner that this temporary provision is to be in
heu, and to obviate the necessity of the provision
which came from the House?
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment was drawn
up to meet the case of this appropriation being
stricken out. I did not understand the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs as withdrawing his ori-
ginal recommendation. But, if the Senate should
strike out the provision appropriating fvM),OUO,
then he recommends that this other provision
should be made. And I certainly understood
that, if it was made, it would enable them to get
along until next session very peaceably and com-
fortably.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Sebasi ian, it was not agreed to.
The amendment of the committee to strike out
the clause was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER.. I now offer the following
amendment:
For expenses or their removal, arid provisions, from
llu-i, pie ent loeauou to the distuctof country on the Wolf
ami Oconto river?, designated in the report of Siipenntend-
enl Murray, to the Commissioner of Indian Affair*, dated
September 3), 1851, ^-23,00^
Mr. WELLER. I think that amendment had
better specify on its face that it is for the tempo-
rary removal of the Indians; and I think also that
it is proper that it should contain a provision
making it dependent upon the Legislature of
Wisconsin assenting to it. I do riot think it is
proper that we should go into any ofthe sovereign
States of this Union, and undertake to remove the
Indians from one portion of the State to another
without the consent ofthe local authorities. But
as this amendment is now drawn up it might ad-
mit the construction that we intended that the In-
dians should reside there permanently. It would
be better to insert the amendment I have suggested
for the purpose of rebutting that presumption.
Mr. HUNTER. I am perfectly willing to in-
sert the word 44 temporary;" but it cannot be ne-
cessary to have the consent of the Legislature of
Wisconsin to the temporary removal of the In-
dians. It is proposed to remove them to Govern-
ment lands which have never been offered for sale.
Mr. WELLER. if the lands belong to the
Government, I suppose (here can be no doubt as
to the authority of the Federal Government to
place the Indians there.
Mr. HUNTER. I modify the amendment by
inserting the word " temporary" before the word
" removal." The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. It is the opinion of many Sen-
ators, with whom 1 concur, that we should have
an Executive session to-day. I therefore move to
postpone the further consideration of this subject
unt.il to-morrow. The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and after some tune spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 29, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The J oumal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER] The business first in ordei*
is the motion to lay upon the table House bill
No. 290, " granting the right of way and making
a grant of land to the State of Michigan, to aid
in the construction of the Oakland and Ottawa
Railroad, commencing at the village of Pontiac,
in the county of Oakland, and terminating on the
navigable waters of Lake Michigan, in the county
of Ottawa."
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
TOWN OF BELLEVIEW.
Mr. CLARK. I should be gratified if the
House would allow me to take up a bill, the ob-
ject of which I can state in one minute by the
clock. The Government laid off several towns
in the State of Iowa, amongst others Belleview,
and reserved in each section a small strip of land
from sale and occupation except as a common.
The citizens of that town desire that that strip of
land should be relinquished to them in order that
they may control it for publicpurposes, for putting
up watehou^es for the stouige of wheat and other
products. There is but one section in the bill,
and it can he read in one minute.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it comes out of the morn- j
ing hour I do not care. I
Mr. CLARK. I will not take more than a |
minute's time. J
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I wish to know if!
it will come out of the morning hour. If so, I
object.
Mr. CLARK. I desire that it shall not come
out of the morning hour. 1
Mr. CABELL. I have no objection, then. i
Mr. HOUSTON. I objcct to it. j
Mr. CLARK. It will not take one minute to
read the bill. The people there arp waiting, and
anxious for its passage, and I hope that the gen-
tleman wiil withdraw his objection. It can be
passed while we are talking about it.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will include
it in the morning hour 1 will not object.
OAKLAND AND OTTAWA RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The objection is not with-
drawn, and the question now is upon laying bill
No. 290 upon the table, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. STUART. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was then called, and 129 members
answered to their names.
On motion by Mr. STUART, all farther pro-
ceedings under the call were then dispensed with.
The SPEAK ER. The question now recurs on
the motion to lay the bill upon the table, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas (33, nays 82 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, William Appleton,
Bartlott, Bcalc, John II. Boyd, Burrows, Caldwell, Caskie,
Chat-tain,Cleveland, Daniel, Dawson, Dimmick, Dockery,
Duncan, Dunham, Edmundson, Fowler, Thomas J. D.
Fullei, (juhiing*, Goodenow, Hamilton, 1*11 am G. Ilauis,
Ilascall, Menard, Hibbard, Holladay, Hnrsfoid, John W.
Howe, Ifuntei, Ineersoll, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, George G. King, Preston Knur, Kuitz, Letcher,
Mann, Martin, Mason. McMuIhn, McNait, McQueen,
Mulson, Moiehead, Murphy, Newton, Perkins, Robbing
Ilobie, Rons. Savage, Schermerhorn, Origen S. Seymoui,
Skelton, Sliatton, Tuck, Tenable, Walbndge, Wallace,
and Wildtick— 63.
NAYS — Mes^s. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Barrele,
Bell, Bra?g, Bienlon, Brooks, Geoige II. Brown, Bu&by, j
E. Canuigton Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson
Campbell, Chandler. Clark, Clmeman, Cohb, Conger, Dis-
ney, Doty, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Evans-, Ficklin,
Fitch, Florence, Freeman, Goochich, Green, Grey, Har-
per, Sampson W. Ilaim, Haven, Hendricks, llenn,
Houston, Howard, James Johnson, John Johnson, Robeit
W. Johnson, Kuhns, Landiy, Lockhait, Mace, Miller,
Molony, John Moore, Nafoers, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Par-
ker, Penn, Pennunan, Phelps, Polk, Poiter, Puce, Ran-
toul, Richardson. Robinson, Saekett, Schoolcraft, Scurry,
D. L. Seymour. Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Richard
II. Stanton, Ahinham P. Stephen®, St. Martin; Strother,
Stuart, Tnurston, Tovvnshend, WaNh, Ward, Watkins,
Welch. Addison White, Alexander White, Wilcox, and
Williams—8-2.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. STUART. The question, as I under-
stand, is now upon the engrossment of the bili.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the Chair
that the previous question was demanded.
Mr. STUART. It was demanded, but not sec-
onded. I made the motion for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CLINGMA.N. I appeal to the gentleman
before he moves the previous question, to allow
me to offer an amendment. I desire that it should
be read. I will then vote for the previous ques-
tion, and for the bill, if my amendment be adopt-
ed. The amendment is very short, and I hope
that the gentleman may consent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] to yield mo
the floor to offer an amendment.
Mr. CLTNGMAN. I hope that both amend-
ments will be allowed to be offered. Let the
amendment of the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Johnson] come in first, and mine follow.
Mr. STUART. I propose to withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, and I yield the
floor to the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. John-
son] .
Mr. JOHNSON. I submit the amendment
which I asked leave to offer.
Mr. OLINGfMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] to allow my amend-
ment to be added at the end of his amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask for the reading of
my amendment, and I will say also to the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] that
1 have no objection to the reading of his amend-
ment, if he desires it, but I cannot consent to its
beinj? offered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope that my amend-
ment may be admitted.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have the floor and I shall
be compelled to occupy it, as 1 have some remarks
to make. I regret to refuse anything to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, but when I shall
have expressed some views upon the propriety of
the amendment which I have submitted, I shall
be compelled to call the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman hear
my amendment? It is a very short one—but a
single sentence.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will permit the gentleman
to make a motion in reference to the reading of
his amendment, if I am at liberty to do so.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] will be first
read.
The amendment was then read by the Clerk, aa
follows:
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That to aid in the
construction of the railroads heieinalter mentioned, there
shall be, and hereby is, granted to the respective States here-
inafter named, tor the aforenamed purposes, and no other
whatsoever, every alternate section of land designated by
odd numbers for six sections in width on each side of said
road>; but in ca-e it shall appear that the United Stated
have, when the lines! or loutes of the «aid mads aie defi-
nitely fixed by the authoiities aforesaid, sold any part of
any section heieby gianted, or that the right of pieemption
has attached to the same, then it shall be lawful for any
agent or agents-, to be appointed by the Governors of said
States, respectively, to select from the lands of the United
States mo<t contiguous to the tier of sections above speci-
fied, so much land in alternate sections, or paits of sec-
tions, a-j «hall be equal to such lands as the United Stales
have sold, or to which the right of preemption has attached
as afoie^aid, which lands, being equal in quantity lo one
half of six sections in width on each side of said loads, the
States aforesaid, ie*peetiv 'ly, shall have and hold lo and
keep for the us-e and purposes aforesaid, and for no other
puiposes. And the sections and parts of sections of land
winch, by such giant, shall remain to the United States
within six miles on cach side of said loads, shall not be sold
for less than double the minimum price of the public lands
when sold. And that all the rights, privikges,and liabilities
herein confeired on the State of Michigan in the ptovMons
of this act, in relation to the use by the'Umted Statesof the
said railioads for the ttansporfing Hie property, troops,
and mails of the United Stales, the tune for completing the
said roads, and the modes of applying the avails of the
public lands for the construction ofthe road*, shall be and
hereby are adopted in relation to all the States and iail-
roads, respectively, hereinafter named, in as lull andample
manner as though specially enacted in relation to cach of
the same, to wit:
To the Statesof Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,fora railroad
from Toledo, in Ohio, by Fort Wayne, Loganspou, and
Lafayette in Indiana, and by Peoria in Illinois., to Bui-
hngton; from 13elpi£, by Chilhcothe, Hillsborough, Cincin-
nati, and Vincennes, to St. Louis; and to the Sidles of In-
diana and Illinois, for the lailroad fiom New Albany by
Mount Carmel, to Alton in Illinois.
To the States of Indiana and flhnois, for a railroad from
Lafayette, in Indiana, by Middleport, in [Ihnoi*, to La
Salle county ; also, for a lailroad from St. Charles, on the
Missouri river, by Alton, to Terre Haute, on the Wabash
nver, with a branch from Springfield, by Bloomington, to
Chicago; and to the State of Indiana, to aid in the con-
struction of the ratlroad leading from Cincinnati, Ohio, by
Richmond, New Castle, and Logansport, in Indiana, to
Chicago, m Illinois.
To the States of Missouri and Arkansas, for a railroad
from a point on the Mississippi river opposite Cairo, by
Little Rock, to a point on the Texan boundatv, in Arkansas,
with branches from Little Rock to Fort Smith, and to a
point on the Mississippi river, to ba designated by the
