1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
with his family; By an order that emanated from ; j ity to exercise civil control in times of peace in a
the Secretary of War, a detachment of the army \[ territory of the United States. The necessity of
was ordered out the following spring to bring in  ' 11 "l
the private property belonging to the Indian agent,
transported for him at Government expense by
the Salt Lake to California. I was told by the
assistant quartermaster, who fitted out the expedi-
tion, the principal object of which was to perform
this service, that the cost was little less than
§100,000. This is another of the items that cre-
ates'tbe necessity of deficiency bills, and charged
as an expenditure in California. After General
Wilson got to California, he resigned his agency,
but- no censure was cast on him for having passed
through the country where lie was assigned to
dutyand. emigrating, a? such an enormous ex-
pense to the Government, to another part of the
country; but he was actually appointed to another
office in California. lie was made navy agent at
San Franc.iseo, an ofiice of great importance, the
emoluments of which lie received for a long time
without-giving the bond required by law; and he
never did give bond that was accepted, and the
olfitee was abolished to get clear of him. This
«3A?Yie gentleman is one of the high priests of the
Whig party in California. He lately presided
over one of the largest Whig conventions ever as-
sembled m that State.
I allude to General Wilson in no spirit of un-
kindness, but to show where a large amount of
the public money charged to California has gone.
I put it to the aecounfof a maladministration of
this Government, which commenced in the spring
of J849.
I wtH now go back and show the origin of the
abuses of which I complain, which is inflicting
su".h deep injury upon my State; for T believe that
there vas never such recklessness known since
this Government was formed in the expenditure of
the public money, as has been exhibited there.
It was an important era m the history of this
country, when, on the 4th of March, 1^49, a suc-
cessful General was installed into the office of
President of the United States—one who had been j
all his life, from early manhood, m the Army of [
thre United States?—who had never voted, and pos- I
eesscd no knowledge of civil affairs. (
This important event has hud the foundation of i
the subsequent recklessness and disregard of law !
Ui expending the public money, especially in the j
military department of the Government. T speak i
for my "own section of the Union. Let others ;
speak for theirs. j
In order that 1 may be fairly understood by the i
Senate, when I am speaking of events that occurred |
An California, which may not be so familiar to \
other members as to myself, [ will read an extract :
from a letter addressed by Colonel Mason, Mill- :
tary Governor of California, to the Secietaiy of
War, after he received the news of the peace with
Mexico. After stating that he had anticipated j
the instructions in le^ard to the peace, he says: i
{t The fiiapart of the Heerefaty'.-. instructions wete there;- j
fore anticipated, and I have wnv only to fu'iiil the hitler '
p irt, vi'/.: 'to take proper meaMuc< with a view to its
(tipper CahkurutO permaiteni occupation '
u The above are (lie only injunctions T have leccived i
from the Depaitmenr to guide me in the eouisc to bo pur-
the case may have justified this assumption of
power, but never that of levying duty by his
simple edict under the tariff of 1846.
Thus at the close of the war with Mexico, this
officer, who was in command of the Army in Cal-
ifornia, notified the Government, that to prevent
anarchy, a de facto government must be maintained
until Congress established a legal one. He also,
under the tyrant's plea of necessity, extended the
revenue laws of the United States to California.
Before Congress acted at all, he decreed that the
tariff of 1846 should be enforced there, and under
this decree duties were exacted. When this letter
reached the Secretary of War, the assumption of
civii authority was overlooked, as the emergency
arising from the neglectof Congre.ss to create a
government justified it. The Secretary of State,
Mr. Buchanan, in a letter to Mr. Voorhies, post
oiTice agent, justified the formation of this de facto
government. The question as to the power to
collect duties, which had been assumed by Gov-
ernor Mason, was referred to the Secretary of the
Treasury. On the 7th October, 1848, he issued a
ciicular, in which he stated explicitly that there
was no power to collect duties in California. I
will read it:
" On the 30th of May last, upon the exchange of ratifica-
tions of our tieaiy Willi Mexico, California became apart
of the American Union; ni consequence <>*' which, vat ions
questions have been presented by meichants and collectors
lor the decision of this Department.
'• By the Constitution of the United States it is declared
that '• AU trcniies made, or which shall be made, under the
authoiity of the United States, skull he the supreme law of
the hmti.'' ftv the tientv with Mexico, California is annexed
to tins Republic, and (lie Constitution ot the United States
is extended ovci that Temtory, and isin full foice through-
out in limits. Congte^i?, al,-.o, i \ scveial enactments, sub-
I sequent to the ratification of the treaty, lnuo distinctly
recognized California a4? a pan of tne Union, and have e.v-
j tended ovet it, in several impoitaut patUeular?, the laws of
the United State-.
i •* IJndei the-e ciicumManees, ths following instructions
i aic i-Mied by thi« Department:
j " i<-t. Ail Ltitides <>f the growth, produce, or manu'ae-
j litre of California, shipped therehom at any tune «since the
! 3<)th of May M-t, are entitled to admission, fiec of duty, into
| all the poi ts of the United .states.
| "2d. All articles of the giowth, produce, or manufactuie
I of the United States, aie entitled to admission, liee of duty,
j into Cahlornia, as are ;i1j>o all foreign goods winch aic ex-
! cmptfiom dutybv the laws of Congress, oron whieh goods
1 the duties presented by tho-je laws have been paid t-> any
• collector of the United States previous to their intioduetion
I into California.
j "3d. Although the Constitution of the United Statesex-
■ tend-, to Cahlornia, and Congiess have recognized it by
! law as a pair o! the Union, and legislated for it as such, yet
' it is not Inoir^u byhuvwithm the limits of any coller tion
district, noi lia^ Ombres."; authoiize<i the appointment of
any otficorb to collect the levenue acciuing on the nnpoit
I of foreign dutiable good-* into that Tcintoiy. Under these
, cHcumsUuice-.. although this Iicpaitinent may he unable to
1 collect the duties accruing on inipoitauons fiom foieiiin
, countiies into (cahlornia, yet, if foingn dutiable good-
should be mtiodueed theie, and shipped th.'nce to any poit
ot place oi the t .ut'-d Seated, they will be sulqect to duty,
ps aKo to all the penalties prescribed h\ law when such iin-
1 poitation h attempted without the payment of dutie-."
! Jle reiterated this statement in his annual report
! at the opening nf the next session of Congress;
and President Polk, in his last annual message,
j said most emphatically that no such power could
Hued, now that war has ceased, and that the country tot ma •! be exercised. Heie is what they say:
mi integiai pait ot the United States. For the past two j; "Th< revenue laws not having been extended to Cahfor-
yeats no civil ^owumient has existed here, save that eon
trolled by the senior imhtctty or naval othee. ; and no
officers exist in the country, save the alcaldes appointed
confirmed by myself. To throw otMipon them ot the peo-
ple atlaige the civil management and eonttol of the coitntrv,
would most probably lead foctidle^ conf u-um>. .! not io
ab-olute anatehy ; and \ et what light ot authonti have j jo
c;xereise civil e-nitnd tu lime of peace in a rJ1eriitoiv' of the
fJmtcd States? oi, if seduion and rebellion should ari-n,
where js m\ foiee to meet it? Two compamehof rental-',
every day dimuiishmg by de.-ertions, that cannot he p;e-
ventcdj will soon be the only military foice in California;
and they wd! be of necessity compelled toiemainat San
Francisco and Monterey, to «uaid the l.irs^e depots of pow-
der and munition^of war, winch cannot be removed. Vet,
utmi->taincd by imhtaiv foice, or by any positive insiiiic-
tioris, I fee) compelled to evctcise control over the alcalde":
appointed, md to maintain onier. if possible, in the coun-
ma, no dnoes could be1 collected theie, but the Department
jvtl ! i everciscd all its authouty by issuing the eirculai h *reto an-
nexed, [wlueii I have pf-t iead,j (maiked S,) opemnsr fiee
fade, iiit.ler the Constitution, between its pints «iied tliose
of the le-t of tne Union, at the same time glial ding the rev-
enue fiom lo-s. a< lai as practicable."
" \o revenue hn-^ been, or could he, collected at the po;
in Cah.'ojnia, bec<ni>e <'un«iess l.iiled to atulion/e me es-
tablishment ol cu-tom lioiise-j, or ilie appointment ot oln-
cets tor the purpo-e.
'• The SeeietU)y ot the Tiea^ury, by a circuiai letter ad-
dressod to the colleetois of eiMoms on the 7th da\ i-fOcio-
hei la-t. a copy of which is herewith franklinl^d, exeicised
ali the power with which he was invcst^u by law."
When the news of this disavowal of the power
that had befn exercised hy Colonel Mason, as dc
try, until a civil governor arnvc, armed with instructions ,\far^n governor or Cahlornia, reached that counti v,
!j application was made to Commodore .Tones, (who
ltd kuv-j to sruidc liia footsteps.
tk hi like manner, if all customs were withdrawn, and the
poits thfOwn open free to the wo!ld,San Fiancisco would
be mad'- the rlep' r of all the foreign poods in the north Pa-
cific, to the injury or out revenue and the mtei est* of our own
merchants. To prevent this, great mrln\: of foreign <?oods
into the countrv duty rce. I feel it my duty to attempt the
colfo-ion of duties, according to the United States tattlf ol
1816- 'i'lti^ will render it necessary for me to appoint tem-
porary collector, &c., in the seveial poits of entrv. for the
military force h too much reduced to attend to tho^e du-
ties.'5
Here is an honest avowal that he has no author-
! was in the hay of San Francisco with a naval
i force, to execute the taiifTof Governor Ivlason,) to
'j know whetlier the circular of the Secretary of the
;| Treasury, and the message of the President, did
;| not make it his duty to permit vessels carrying
supplies to the citizens of California to enter the
! ports of that country and land their cargoes with-
out paying duties? What was his reply5 It was
- very brief. lie said he intended to execute the
t; tariff established by Colonel Mason, with all the
power under his command; that is to say, if u was
not obeyed by the citizens of California, and by
tho.se carrying supplies to them,he would use the
Navy of the United States to sink their ships, and
starve the people into obedience.
When intelligence of this expected collision be-
tween the people of California and those in com-
mand of the Government forces reached here, was
the conduct of these officers censured' Not at
all. It was silently acquiesced in, and therefore
tacitly approved.
I have thus stated, at some length, the history
of events in California, which resulted in the col-
lection of what is known there as the " civil fund
and will be pretty well known here by the same
title before you are done with it. The temptation
to use it for objects not provided for by any law,
could not be resisted; and thus was laid the foun-
dation of the enormous expenditures upon objccts
of doubtful necessity, of which we have heard so
much. But I will suite here, in reference to the
responsibility of expending this money, charged
upon the assistant quartermasters in California,
that I do not, indorse this charge unless it is proved
that they acted without authority. If they acted
under oiders from a superior officer, which were
sanctioned, or not disavowed, by the Secretary of
War, the head of the Department, and not the
subordinate, is responsible. The Quartermaster
Geneial is a subordinate—is the head of a bureau;
and if he, or any of his subordinates, violated the
law in expending the public money, it was the
duty of the head of the War "Department to report
him or them to the President of the Uniied States
for dismissal, or to be tried by a court-martial. 1
am prepared to say, that the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, and ins subordinates in California, so far as
I know, have always acted under orders from su-
perior authority; and that every abuse (and there
are many in the expenditure of the public money
m that country) has been sanctioned, either tacitly
or openly, by the head of the War Department.
I do not attach the least blame to the present Sec-
retary, because the abuses and assumptions of
power to which I have referred originated before
he came into office, and I believe he is diligently
engaged trying to put a stop to the extravagant
expenditures of his Department. But I am look-
ing to the system which was established in 1849.
The Quartermaster s Department is not responsi-
ble, and should not be made the scape-goat, and
bear the blame that properly attaches to* the head
of the Administration.
Mr. DAWSON. Will my fiiend from Cali-
fornia yield the floor for a moment, for the pur-
pose of examining into this matter? He says that,
m the Quartermaster's Deportment particularly,
enoimous abuses have been practiced. As he has
drawn our attention to them, will he state where
they are ascertained to exist, that we may know
where to guard against them for the future'
Mr. GWiN. I am coming to that, and shall
read from the documents presently. But the gen-
tleman misunderstands me, when he savs I refrr to
the Quartermaster's Department particidnrlv, and
charge it with enormous abuses. I f=c,y thai there
has been a wasteful expenditure of public money
in California, not only in the Quartermaster's De-
partment, which I will show has onlv obeyed
orders, but I think I may add in nearly every
department of the Government under Kveeutive
control. I will now read from a report of Major
Vinton, one of the most intelligent officers of the
Quartermaster's Department,and the sen,or officer
of the department in California, doted March 29,
1850:
"(Jrvrnu,: I hivp *|lC honnrto import that, in com-
pliance with youroi ,i 'ss of the ."irh of April, i to pioceed
to California, and mere take in charge [he dnection of tho
afFau^ ofth^ qu.irteisn'Mer^departmenf of the Paeifjcdn ts-
ioi! of the Aitnv, I i-rnbarked at New Ymk ou the 17th of
Apul, 1*39. (nuh .^loO.UOO tn specie under my caie.) anri
arnved at Panama on the S!d of Mav. At that place 1 was
detained twenty -fmt days li> untoward crousn-iunces. at rt
rcenihaiked on the Pacific the c2od of May, for rian Fran-
cisco. *'
After going on to state the situation of nflairs
which he found on his arrival in California, he
describes the pointwhich had been selected as the
great depot for the army and navy of the United
States on the Pacific. I will read what he says on
that subject:
" By the united judgment of Major General Smith and
Commod'ne .fonc<. a pUee , itp;Ued on the north hank of
the straits of Karqusnez, called Jlenicia. In- b"en selected
as the most fdvoiable locality foi out twluary and naval
depute. It is with great reluctance^ thergtoru, that I ven-
