1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1110
turf to desejihe This position, b lie\in£r, as I do, (hat most
ours mipoitaiit featuies are objectionable, or lather, tiiat it
is Javkinir in niHiiv attributes which are requisite in a site
dP£l^ncd for the purposes that tins has been. Geograph-
icall) it has but lew defect^, being m a direct line of com- |
mnmeation with the ocean, having good anchotage, deep .
v> ater, and free approaches to its shore for the unlading of !
the largest class of ships. Heie its advantages cease, and j
they relate more to the interests of commerce than to the I
peculiar fitness of the place for a military station and a de- j
pjt of supplies. Topographically, it is uninviting in the ,
extreme, possessing an aspect neither of beauty nor of use- ;
fulness. Hills, barren of trees or any other vegetation but ]
the wild .oats, tise abruptly fiom the water, and, ^welling '
onward to the interior for si\- miles, are utterly destitute of j
wood; but bejondthal legion the scrubby oak makes its
appearance in single trees, or in small cluster, affording
but a scanty supply for present consumption. Fresh water
is only found in one small spring, about a mile westwaid
ftom the deplt. Tins has to bo shared with the citizens of
the town of Renicia.
"Having in view, then, that the«e two great elements,
which invariably lotm the first principles in maKtnyachoice
for the residence of aeommumtv, are wantmsatthm place,
I think the detects of the po-mon aie made manifest.
It lia-s been supposed that the watei.- of the straits, at
certain miosis of the yea<, may be relied on for the me of
the troop--.; hut f think tins ei roneou*. It is only at a cer-
tain stage of the tides, combined with very high water in
the Sacramento and San Joachm rivers, that the water of
Hie straits is palatable, and then it is deemed by some to be
unwholesome. A well fiftv feet in depth was dugbj Lieu-
tenant Colonel Cases *s company, but the water proved
brackish and unsuitable foi use.
"The rocks forming the base of the hills seem to have
been, by some convulsion of nature, thrown upward* lrom
a horizontal position, giving a dip towaids the stiait<, by
which the vvatci cannot be retained below the surface.
Artesian wells may, by persevering probing, remedy tins
gieat evil, and it is the only reliance we now have. No
expense should be spared to procure scientific as well as
practical men to push, viyoiousiy, the seaich for wat<*r by
such inearth ; and f mu-t earnestly urge the subject to your
notice as an enteiprise upon winch the welfare ot the depot
and its inhabitants aie to depend.
,c Previous to mv depaiture for Otecon, I cau<erl to be
purchased an instrument for bonne, and placed it under the
management of Mr. Bomford, whose repoit will be found
in the appendix. Although he has not nu t with full mic-
cess, I feel confident that, with more peifect appacatus,
water of a good quality may yet be obtained convenient
to the depot. But to guard against a failuie through such
means, the commanding general is de-nou« of pioviding
in another manner for a supply of water for the use of the
post. . ,
<• He pioposes that, at a point adjacent to some of the
larger buildings, a cistern to contain from two hundred
thousand to three hundred thousand gallons of water be
constructed; the bricks and cement of winch it is to be
formed to bo brought from the, United States. But as ex-
pensive as aitesian wells are, they would eo^tfai le« than
such an undertaking. "Water remains be provided, and
the choice of means is left foi your decision. Somali wooden
ci&tcms have been con^ti ueted neai the stoic-honse already ,
elected; but the supply fiom them is only adequate in the j
lainv season.
'•Wood can he obtained on Suisun hay and on the bac- i
jamento river; but if procured by conttact, under the pies-
ent iale of wacrei lor laboi, it would form an item ot expend- 1
iture suipassing the belief of the most ciedulous ; and if i
attempted by the laboi of our troops, descition would mcv- |
itably follow, to the annihilation of the military foice so j
employed." j
This selection laid the foundation of large ex- j
per.ditures m California. The officers who made ,
the selection were subordinate to the Secretaries of j
War and the Navy. Their action was not final |
or effective until sanctioned by the heads of these j
Departments. The Secretary of the Na\ y did not .
approve of the selection, or if he did, there has j
been no expenditure of public money towards the ;
establishment of a navy-yard there. He waited ,
for Congitss to act, and we now have the subject i
under consideration. Not so with the Secretary ;
of War. Notwithstanding the report of Major;
Vmton, made near two years as;o and laid before :
him, in which he shows the most palpable defects :
m the location, he has never disapproved ot the '
act of the c nnmander of the Pacific division; and
therefore I hold him responsible for the entire ex-
penditure of the public money there. I will call
the attention of the Senate to a few more extracts
from tins document, and will thus show why I in-
troduced the civil fund into this discussion:
"In some of my icpoits, made while stationed in Cali-
fornia 1 had occasion to call your attention to the fiscal
concerns of the quartet master's depaitment under my
chapee. Tne large -.urns earned to that eountiy j>> Majoi
Fitzgerald and my sell, were speedih expended. Indeed.!
found that on my amval there the debt,
nicdece^ois were k> iatge as to leave no mliei lesoit.lor
means to carrv 0.1 tb- c.ment dutiesof the dj.pMrtnr.nit than
the 'civil fund' "f California, so called, w.iich had been
ai^cd, m part, by nnlitaiy contributions durms t ic Mi-xi-
mi vai.an.i oUicrmsc I'}'til': collection ot duties at tile
the
rar
can
CU^tOIU-llOUr.C.
.. nns'fnnd^ being under the control of the Governor of the
Territory, was placed fo. tfafekeepinsin tile eiKtmly o, some
one ot the dl..lm„.m: officer* ot tt.c quarturm^tei > de-
uaitnicnt. it had aecuioiilatcd to a curabiiiU; amount,
and, lioiit the ch.nactei of the buildings at t>an 1'
no good pUeu of eeeuMty could bo found  u winch to de-
po^it it, it was deemed expedient and safe to lend Mich sums
as were needful for the urgent wants of the army, to be re-
placed at a subsequent and convenient period by remittances
trom the United States. But 101 thi^ rec'outce theopeia-
tions of the quaitennaster;« department would have been
much impaired if not entirely stopped for want of fund*.
And such had been the extiavagant wants of the depart-
ment, by the unforeseen mciease of the demand* upon it—
extending beyond any, even the wildest conjeetmal esti-
mates that could have been formed—that the dratts upon
this fund had at one time become alarming, and 1 was ap-
prehensive that the sums so expended might exceed the ap-
propriations for that division ol the army. Being assured,
however, bv the general commanding, that anv excess of
expendituies would be provided lor iw future appropriations,
by Congress, the 1 civil fund' continued to be our lehance.
In relation to this subject I have vvi itten extensively enough
before to render further remarks unneces&arj ; yet, as it
may not be uell undeit>tood how the civil fund has been
created, I will remaik that in its accumulation it may be
classed under three distinct httads, viz:
'• 1st. The money leceivcd liom military contributions
during the war \\ ith Mexico.
"2d. The amount derived from the collection of duties
on imports under the administration of Colonel Mason,
without the authouty of law, and sub>equent to the treaty
ot peace with Mexico, and pnoi to the aruval ot "\iajor
Geneial Smith ; and
"3d. The amount which accrued from the collection of
custom* aftei tiie t->t of Maun, 1^49, under the cuoulai
lettei of (ieneial Smith, which made the duties collected
subject to the luture action of Congress—the sums being
voluntarily deposited by the importers m the hands of the
agents oi the Government.
"All diaitc upon the*e deposits by the disbm-ins ofli
eeis of the army have been considered as loans, to beie-
placed alter the action of Congress shall have been had in
relation to the fund."
These extracts show an extraordinary state of
affairs. The #350,000 taken out by jVLijor Vin-
ton, and I know not how much by Major Fitz-
gerald, is speedily exhausted. But this was but
a drop m the bucket m fitting up this new depot,
and carrying on the services in other parts of the
State. The depot was likely to be brought to a
stand-still. What is to be done? Why, borrow
from the civil fund. Presently the sums thus
borrowed become so enormous, fears are enter-
tained that they will exceed the appropriations
made by Congress, but the commanding general
tells the quartermaster to go on, and pledges Con-
gress to provide for this excess of expenditure.
This pledge in this quartermaster's report is
brought to the notice of the Secretary, who ex-
presses no dissatisfaction at this assumption of
power. He tacitly assents to thus use of the civil
fund, and thus with his sanction hundreds of
thousands of dollars are expended in establishing
a depot, iii the face of a most unfavorable report
of Major Vinton as to the sile.
The quartermasters were frightened at this sys-
tem of borrowing money lo curry on a woik not
authorized to be built by Congress—were fright-
ened at exceeding the appropriations made by
Congress to meet the expenses of their depart-
ment; but the commandmggeneral said go on; the
Secretary of War acquiesced, and another large
item is thus made up for a deficiency bill.
One word more, and I will pass on. Major
Vinton acknowledges that Colonel Mason col-
lected the civil fund without authority of law.
He also refers to the voluntary deposit made un-
der General Smith's regulations, these voluntary
deposits being made under the threat, that if any
importer .should refuse, his vessel would be driven
from the coast by Commodore Jones's guns.
Now, f ask this question, Cul bono? What was
the necessity for these expenditures? It may lie
said to protect the people of California in the
event of war. There could have been no other
justifiable reason given for expending such vast
sums of money without authority of law, unless
there was a pressing necessity for it. 1 will read
from the report of another quartermaster, Majoi
Allen, toshow what benefuthcpeople of California
were to derive from expending such^ sums m es-
tablishing a new and expensive depot oil a large
scale to quarter the army:
" I entered upon duty in California ort the 1st of July,
1849, and took po-t otthe place -elected for a g  neial depj't,
on the strait> of Karquiues neai the town of Uemcia. uudei
the direction of mv pieducessoi. The quartet ma«U"
-toic* had been trau-fen.-d to tin* location Horn l<ian-
cisco, and were piled upon the ground neat wheie it was
proposed to crect storehou^ ; having no cover on, tne o .l
sail-, of veMbela, and no protection but th^ watehfu.ne^ of
a single accnt. The time for which the -torchou^ at ^an
Francisco had been lented, expired on the l>t oi luh, ana
the enormous rent demanded pei month for then continued
occupation determined the commanding geneial to remove
filestores in advance oi any mipioveinent-, pi osmium? that
the lo"*s of propeity would be less in.value while Uius cx
nosed, than the expenditure requned foi iH storage.
" I fouad two companies of the 2d infantry stationed at
this point j the officers with families were quartered apon
an old hulk mooted near the -hore, and the single othcerc,
together with the soldiers, weie living m tents upon the
shote. One half ol the men belonging to the e companies
had already deserted, and the remainder had ceased to be
soldiers excepting m name. They refused to woik unless
paid the mining value of labor, and they could not lie trusted
ad a guard over the public property. So lax had become
the discipline, and so little confidence had their immediate
commanding officer in then fidelity, tha? he deefmed issuing
arms to them, and did not attempt to exact from them any
extra duty whatever "
To avoid the enormous rents of San Francisco,
hundreds of thousands must be expended in bpild-
inganewdepot. Andforwlmt? To quarter troops
for the defense of California, that could not be
trusted by their officers with arms in their hands;
the olficers starving, (for it is well known they
could not live on their pay,) and the soldiers, to
whom the people were to look for defense, deserting.
Vast sums paid to laborers to build barrack* for sof-
diers, in such a state of insubordination, that they
would not work, and could not be intrusted with
arms, or with the charge of the pnbhc property I
With a full knowledge of these facts, the Secretary
of War sanctions these enormous expenditures on
a depot established without authority of law, with
the full knowledge that no corresponding benefit
could result from its establishment, either to Cali-
fornia or the United States. I intend n to be dis-
tinctly understood, that these extraordinary ex-
penditures were known to the Secretary of War,
and not disapproved of by him.
Hear what Major Allen says, in the report I
have just read from. The italics are mine:
" Tliat the cost of the imptovements made, and services
rendered, have no parallel m the history of the quarter-
mastei's department. I am full) aware; but pJvatc, a*> well
as public intcie^ts, have been subordinate to a state of
tiling—have acknowledged a standard of value—which
has no paiallel in the hMoiy of the woild. My correspond-
ence with you, dmm« tin* year, will bhow with what re-
luctance 1 have submitted to circumstances which £ could
not control. The s ilcnce of the ffar Depcutmcnt, unlit
recently, mdicced the commanthnz general to hcUect that
the iin'jrrovemcuts he u-as dirrciing kud at least the tucii
consent of the higher authorities, a mi, as the expenditures
had periodically been reported, it was }n esumed that they
had utquiesced'in the necessity of submitting to the current
rates ofth counim
<>1 do not remind you of this state of tilings for the
pmpoM-, at this late d.tv, of mvmsj >ou infoimation.
Foi a poition of the period to wineh I now refei, the De-
partment. here, wa  represented by an officer o! superior
rank to ni\>olf. It wai the special dtE'y of un- officer to
upon to> on evei v ciicunvUauee attendant upon the -ev-
tiaordmar) expenditure of monev in thi^ div jmo . He had
full knowledge, hung piesent, of everj tian^aetion. I have
not '-ecu Ins repot i, but [ have no doubt, from )he vigilance,
zeal, and mielhaence n>am('e-ted by this officer, that but
little was omittnd which the Mibject susce^ted, and nothing
that was requisite to a cleat and explicit umlen-tandinrrofthe
condition ol the country. Fiom thi-* souu-e alone, 1 may
ventme the pie&tmiption that it wa^ made know n to the
.Department at an early day, the impossibility of making any
impiovements here without enormous cost, oi of ftitsng out
or providing tian*poi tation for any military movement,
without an expenditure of money exceeding in amount ten-
fold, at least, the outlay incident to hke service on the At-
lantic side. A retrospective inquiry miphes an absence of
tin- knowledge and invites explanation, which f havegiven,
! not, however, with the expectation of stating any new
! facts."
j " Bvcrv transaction of mine has, however, been subjected
I to the watehruhtes>, and eoiniol ol a -nponor amhonty, and
| a superior discicfion. My immediate commanding general
1 is aecotdmq!) in> iim.-t competent vwhsess; arid you v\il3
! find in the aeeompaiu m« papers ample evidence that my
I whole conduct has In* lull and enhre approval.
Mr. DAWSON. What is the date ol' that re-
port ? , , . , _
1 Mr. GAVIN. .Tune 30, 1851. ft is 111 the Quar-
termaster General 's rej>ort, sent in at tiieeommence-
ment ol' tilts session. I repeat the fact, these ex-
penditui es were K'no\vn to t!ie heod ol the AVar
J>eiiaument; and that the commander ol" the mili-
tary division oil the Pacific had no reason to be-
lieve that he was actio? contrary to the wishes of
i the head of that Department, when be received no
intimation of it. Major Alien entertained no doubt
but that all ofliis acts weie approved, until a very
late period. He was not censured, nor attempt-
i ed to be censured. No one can assert th.it he
acted without authority. He refers to his coin-
I manding general, who approved all of his acts,
i Has this 'commanding general been censured for
! giving this approval ? Not at all. The whole of
i this movement, and of this extraordinary expend-
iture of the public money was known to the head
' of the War Department, and he never disapproved
' of it As to its necessity, I have shown that the
armv was in a state of utter disorganization; that
1 the officers were starving—that is to say, no officer
could live on his pay—and the men deserting, that
i the soldiers at Beiuoia—and I suppose it was the
