1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1983
Legislature of the State of Aikansas. Also, for a railroad
from Fort Leaven wouh to the Merrimack river, wunirithc
countv of Fi.iukhn ; and fiom the mouth of the Ohio liver
to the Iron Mountain, m Mi^ouu ; and from Washington
in Arkansas, to Gaines's Landing.
To the States of Louisiana, Alabama, and Mississippi, for a
railroad ('mm New Orleans, by the way of Jackson and Can-
ton, in Mississippi, thence to connect, by the neaie&tand
best route that may be selected, with the proposed Nashville
and New Oilcans raihoad; also, from New Orleans, by
Opelousas, to the Texas line; and also from a point oppo-
site to Vickiburj*, on Lake Providence, to Shreveport, and
thence to the boundary of Texas.
To the States of Mississippi and Alabama, for a raihoad
from Biarulon, 111 Mississippi,u> Montgomeiy,in Alabama;
also, for iheMempius and Chaileston idilroad.
To the estate of Florida, tbi a railroad and branches from
a point near the Atlantic ocean, in Flonda, across the said
State, to a certain other point or points on the Gulf of Mex-
ico, 111 s-nirt State—the said point- und tin: loutes of the said
load and branches to be designated l y the authonty ot the
said Stale. And also, to the States oi Flotida and Ala-
buna, (or a raihoad tiom a point on Pcn-aoola. Day, in
Fionda, by iYIontyomeiy, to T.U.uh^a, in Alabama, with
hiaiiehts tiom Mini load, to the waieis of Mobile Day or
Tensaw nver, and to a pmnton the Chattahoochee nver—
the louteot -aid road and bi.UK:in-*> to be designated by the
authentic- of Ktui Stat<«-<, lespeetively.
To the tfiate of Alabama, tor the Alabama and Tennes-
see nvci lailioad, leading 1'iom Sehiia to the Tennessee
livei, <u or near Guutei'i* handing; aicJo, loi the Wmclie^fr
and Yennowie river raihoad, leading fiom Winenester to
the Tennessee liver, at or neat Depo^ite, i«i the State oi Ala-
bama; and also, lor the Guard lailroad, leading liom Gi-
laid m Alabama, to the waters of Mobile Hay.
To the State of Wisconsin, tor a laihoad from Chicago,
Illinois, by Woodstock, Janesville, and Fond du Lac, to
Lake Ssupenor; and aUo, foi the La Cio.sse and Milwankie
raihoad, leading from Mthvaukie, by LaCiosse, on the
sismppi nvci, to the Falls of St. Anthony ; and aKo, for the
Mauitonwoe and Misn^ippi iiver laihoad, leading (rom
Manitouwo<", on Lake Michigan, by Stevens':- Point, to tin-
Falls ot the s*t Cron:, and thence io the .Mississippi river,
in the Terntory os Minnesota, with a branch to Fond dn
Lac of Lake Hiipeuoi ; and i Ko, from Manuouwoc, by the
cutes of Milvankn*, Pa<Mn<\ and Kenozha, to Chicago.
To the Mate ot Jowa, for raihoad* fiom Dubuque to
Iveokuck. and from Davenpoit, Dubuque, and ttuihu^ton,
on the Mi^i^-ippi river, upon the bos-l and mos-t direct
routes to the Mi souu liver—the points of teumnation to
be -elected hv the Legislature ot the State of Iowa.
To the State of Michigan,foi a laihoad from ZiUvaukie,
on Saginaw riv ir, by the head of Ginnd Traveise Hav, to
a point opposite Mackinaw, on the Stiaits; and fiom Port
Huron, on the nver St. Clair, across the Peninsula of Mich-
igan, to Lake Michigan.
To the State of California, for a railroad from San Fran-
cisco to Kan Jose.
To the State ot Missouri, for a railroad fiom Pahnjia to
a point on the Mu-M^ippi liver, opposite Qniney, Illinois.
And the lomos of the said roads and bianches shall be
011 the most dueet and lea-ible lines between me places
named foi then commencement and termination ; and in
all cases where the said unites, or eithei oi them, aie not
now located and determined, the proper authority of each
State, lespectively, thioujjh which said ruado, or parts
theicof, iun, or to which the preceding giants ate made,
shall deteinune the same. And all niinei&l hnds, except-
ing those subject hv law to private entry, are hereby ex-
pressly ie eived to the United States fiom the lands hereby
granted.
Mr. CLTNGMAN. 1 now offer my amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot consent to allow
the amendment of my friend from North Carolina
[Mr. to be offered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman to
allow it to be read.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask permission to read
the amendment myself. It is very short.
Mr. JOHNSON. I must decline it.
Mr. CLING MAN. I hope, then, that the pre-
vious question will not be seconded.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to know whether
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] is m order? If I under-
stand it, these very propositions which are em-
braced in this omnibus, have been passed upon
by the House at a former period of the session.
Many of them, if not most of them, have been in
separate bills. The point of order I raise is this:
that the House has decided upon these separate
bills and refused to pass them, and it is not in or-
der to embrace them in this omnibus, and present
them as an amendment to the bill now before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Letcher.] The amendment is not
in and of itself any of the bills that have been or
are before this body, and therefore is not out of
order upon that ground.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 rise to aquestion of order,
and it is this: that it is not in order to ingraft a
genera] bill upon a special case; and the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Arkansas being a bill
general in its character, is not germane to the ori-
ginal bill, which provides for a special object.
They have no connection whatever.
The SPEAKER, The original bill proposes
to grant certain benefits to the State of Michigan;
the amendment proposes to grant precisely similar
benefits to other States. Whilst the Chair is not
very clear that the policy is good, or that the ob-
jection might not originally be at least plausible,
still in conformity with the decisions which the
present occupant of the chair has made, and with
decisions made by others before him, the Chair
overrules the point of order raised by the gentle-
man from New Jersey.
Mr. SKELTON. From that decision of the
Chair I appeal; and I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the appeal.
Mr. RICtl-ARDSON. I move to lay the ap-
peal upon the table.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Upon that motion
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TUCK. I call for the reading of the 55th
rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"55. No motion or piopnsmon on a subject different
from that under consideiatnm <?hah fie admitted undercoioi
of amendment. No bill or i evolution shall at anv time be
amended by annexing: thereto, or ineorpoiatmg therewith,
any other bill oi le&otution pending bciore the House."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the de-
cision of this House, made upon the 1st day of
April, 1850, moy be read.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object.
Mr, ORR. is this matter debatable ? Has not
a motion been made to lay the appeal upon the
table?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. ORR. Then 1 object to any discussion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Gentlemen do not
want light.
The SPEAKER. All debate is out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I take it to he in order at
this stage, to move to lay the whole subject on the
table; and I make that motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That motion is not in
order pending the question on the appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is a
question of order before the House which must
first he decided.
The SPEAKER-. The motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina would control the whole
matter. The decision of the Chair will be in-
effectual certainly, if the House decides that the
whole subject shall he upon the table. Both are i
privileged questions; but the motion of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina covers the whole ;
ground, and, in the opinion of the Chair, is in
order.
Mr. STUART. If this decision be right, it
would be out of the power of the House—[Loud
cries of "Order!"] Jf a motion is now in order
to lay the whole subject upon the tabic, I ask the
Chair if aquestion of order on an appeal could
ever be determined by the Hou^e?
The SPEAKER. Nor would there be any ne-
cessity that it should be determined.
Mr. FOWLER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Cli.ygma.v.J
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cling-
man's motion, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 104, nays 62; as follows:
YCAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allium, John Appteton, William
Appleton. Af-he, ttabcock, B.utletf, tfeale, Bell, Bibi«haus,
Bocock, Bowie, John IC. Boyd, Brooks Bui rows, Busby,
Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Ca^kie, Chapman, Cha?iuin,
Cleveland, Chnaman, Curtis, Darnel, Geor«e T. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Dockerv, Duncan, Dun-
ham, Edmundson, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J. D. Fullei,
Gay lord, Gentry, Giddings, Gillmoro, Goodenow, Goodrich,
Grey, Hamilton, Isham G. Ilariis, Hawaii, Uebaid, Hen-
dricks, Hibbard. Hiflyer, HoUaday, Horsfoid, John W.
Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, In-
ger^oll, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, George G.
King, Pie«ton King,Knhns, Kuitz,Letchei, Mann,Martin,
Mason, McMulhn, McNnir, McQueen, Meade, Million,
Moiehead, Murphy, Munay, Newton, Outlaw, Peikmc,
Polk, Robbins, Robie, Robinson. Ross, Savage, Sehoon-
maker, Scudder, Ougen ft. Seymour, Skelton, Smart,
Stone, Stiatton, Stuart, Sutheiland. Thurston, Townshend,
Tuck, Tenable, Walbudge, Wallace, Ward, Watkins, Ad-
dison White, and Wihluck—10-1.
NAYS—Me^rs. Abeicrombie, Willis Allen, Barrere,
BihsHI, Br.iinj, Brenton. Brig^s,Geoige II. Biown, E Car-
rington Cabell, l,ewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell,
Chandler, Claik, Cobb, Conger, Doty, Durkee, Eastman,
Ertgerton, Ficklin, Fitch, Floicnce. Freeman, Sampson
W. Harris, Haws, Henri, Houston, Howard, James John-
son, John Johnson, Eobeit W. Johnson, Landry, Loek-
hart, Mace, Milter, Molony, John Moore, Nabers, Olds,
Orr, Samnfl W. Parker, Penn, Penmman, Phelps, Porter,
Rantoul, Richardson, Sackett, Scuny, Smith, Stanly, Ben-
jamin Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
St. Martin, Strother, Walsh, Welch, Alexander White,
Wilcox, Williams, and Yates—62.
So it was ordered that the whole subject lie upon
the table.
Great noise and confusion prevailed in the Hall.
Mr. STUART. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, and I also move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
[Loud cries of " Order!")
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table, and upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 rise to a question
of order.
Mr. STUART. I have a question of order
which I desire to submit to the Chair.
Mr. JONES. My question of order is, that
this bill having once been laid upon the table, and
that vole reconsidered, it is not in order to move
a 2'econsideration of it again.
Mr. CL1NGM AN. It is a different bill; it has
been amended.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman is mistaken.
There has been no amendment or alteration of the
bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. An amendment has been
moved, which changes the position of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question of order raised
by the gentleman from Tennessee will be decided
when the bill comes up again. The motion of the
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] is now
pending, that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STUART. I have a question of order
which is in advance of all these, if I can get the
ear of the Chair to state it. I made a motion to
reconsider the vote, and I also moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that that is
the question which must first be put.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir; but 1 had a right
to submit those two motions, and i submitted
them before the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Cleveland] moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
that is the history of the matter. It had escaped
the attention of the Chair.
Mr. STUART. I say that I have a right to
have my motion submitted.
The SPEAKER. Certainly, but the right of
the gentleman from Connecticut to move to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table is very
clear.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman from Con-
necticut never was recognized.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Yes, sir, I was.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman was not rec-
ognized by the Chair.
[Loud cries of " Order!" " Order!" and great
confusion.]
The SPEAKER.. The Chair will again state
the question. A motion was made by the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union before the gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Cleveland] moved to lay the motion to re-:
consider upon the table. The Chair states, how-
ever, that when this subject is reached again, the
gentleman from Connecticut will have a right to
make the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to submit
a question of order to the Chair. I know it. is the
custom here for gentlemen to move the reconsid-
eration of a vote, and to make another motion to
lay that upon the table, those motions both rela-
ting to the same subject; but the question I wish
the Chair to decide, if this is the proper time, is,
whether a gentleman can make amotion to recon-
sider, and then make a motion on an entirely dif-
ferent subject before the first motion is submitted
to the House or decided?
