1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20?'
Fa
void, if the character of the printing be as it is
represented to be by the chairman; and I think he
represents the case correctly. That, however, is
perhaps outside of the question now before us.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Badger] was inclined to vote against the
amendment until lie was convinced by the remarks
of the Senator from Arkansas tjlat this would im-
pose additional duties upon the Committee on
Printing. I have read this section of the law of
1846 for the purpose of relieving his mind, and the
minds of other Senators, upon that pomt; for it
really does impose no additional duties.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Bright,] it seems to me, must perceive a very :
material difference in the cases to which he has
reterred. In the joint resolution of 1846, from
which he has read, provision, is made against a
contingency that is supposed not likely to hap-
pen: that in case the public printer should vio-
ate his contract, then the Committee on Printing
should have power to employ somebody else to do
the work and pay for it. It provides further that
the public printer and his sureties shall be respon-
sible for the difference between the contract price
and the increased amount which shall be paid for
the work. Such a case has not arisen since the
Committee on Printing has been constituted.
There has been no case in which this duty has
been performed; and although the committee
might have to perform it, it is a provision against
a contingency which was supposed not likely to
happen, and not a prescribed duty. At the time
the joint resolution passed, I suppose no one
expected that the contractors would not fulfill
their contracts. But here it is proposed to send
the committee out beyond the walls of the Capitol
to chaffer and make bargains. Nothing of the
sort is done by any committee of either House.
We have a Committee on Public Buildings,
which takes charge of all matters relating to the
public buildings; but that committee is not re- \
quired to make contracts for building. There j
is a Commissioner of Public Buildings for that i
purpose. We have a Committee on the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate. That commit- J
teeT I suppose, audits the accounts for the fuel :
consumed, and the stationery used by the Senate; |
but do we send that committee out to contract
with the wood haulers and paper makers of the
country to supply the Senate? We have a Coin- i
mittee on Naval Affairs, but that committee does !
not make contracts for the building of ships of j
war. The Senator from California has referred to I
carrying the mails. The Committee on Naval j
Affairs pass on the policy or propriety of a par-
ticular measure, but it is not required to make
contracts with persons for carrying the mails.
Why, then, should we require the Committee on
Printing, winch was raised for the purpose of ex-
amining questions submitted to the Senate as to
the propriety of printing documents, to go into
market and perforin a duty so different, from any
duty performed by other committees of the Sen-
ate? Why should you require that committee to
contract with printers fordoing this work?\l can
see no reason for it. It is without preceded. I
adhere to my objections. V
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, there is notlM*
in the joint resolution of 1846, as I think was \wll
stated by the Senator from Arkansas, which is at
all conclusive upon the objection which lie has
stated, and which I was inclined to support by
my vote. That joint resolution requires contracts
for the printing to be made by the executive offi-
ceis of the two Houses. They advertise for pro-
posals. They receive proposals. They come to
a decision. They award the contract. And then
the resolution proceeds to make provision for
cases not, as some gentlemen have supposed, un-
likely' to happen, but I presume from the very
nature of the joint resolution of 1846, to provide
for a case which it was supposed would be very
likely to happen; that is, a case wherein the con-
tractor would not discharge his duty; and in such ;
an event, it directs the Joint Committee on Print- '
iijo- to take such measures as should be necessary
on account of the failure on the part of the con-
tractor. They were to do what the emergency
reauiicd. The law provides, that during the ses-
sion of Congress, when there would be no oppor-
tunity of resorting to any other instrumentality,
this mint committee should at once, and promptly,
supply the means of doing the printing which the
two Houses had ordered. That is, in substance,
what the joint resolution of 1846 directs.
Now, it is proposed to put the Committee on
Printing in a new attitude—to originate contracts
and make bargains. Well, it shows, if anything
were necessary to show it, how exceedingly un-
fortunate the joint resolution-of 1846 was. 11 was
unfortunate in many respects; unfortunate, as I
think, in the whole contract system, which has j
produced nothing but difficulty, delay, bad paper, i
bad printing, and bad binding, for the Senate as j
well as for the House of Representatives; and un- j
fortunate in this—a consequence flowing out of !
the first unfortunate step of the resolution—in in- j
troducing a joint committee of the two Houses to .
a function, which I believe was never before dis- j
charged by any committee. We are now to take
a still further step, and put a committee of the two ;
Houses m the attitude of making contracts and j
bargains. It seems to me that this is taking a i
step which the two Houses will find reason to j
repent. There is great force in the suggestion of |
the honorable Senator from Arkansas, that, whilst
we have committees charged with a great many
subjects relating to contracts, in no instance has
any of these committees been charged with the
making of contracts.
Mr. GWIN. Has not the Committee on the
Library been required by the Senate to make a
contract for the printing of the papers of J efferson
and Madison? This is a case m point. I appeal
to the chairman of the Libiary Committee if that
is not a fact.
Mr. PEARCE. The statement of the Senator
is correct. The Committee on the Library were
charged*with the duty of attending to that mat-
ter.
Mr. BADGER. If the honorable Senator had
only adverted to the facts of that case, he would
have seen that it had no reference to such a one
as is now under the consideration of the Senate.
When the Congress of the United States purchased
the papeis of the distinguished dead, to whom he
has alluded, it was a subject of literary taste—it
was a subject of Congressional and delicate dis-
cretion that must have been exercised by the com-
mittee of our body to determine which of those
papers should be printed. It was not intended by
Congress that the whole of the papers indiscrimi-
natefy purchased should be printed at the expense
of the Government, and it necessarily and prop-
erly devolved on its committee the difficult and
delicate duty of making a selection. A just regard
to the interests of the public made it necessary
that that matter should be under the disposal of
the committee.
But I was about to say that my friend from
Arkansas, in his zeal of illustration, (if he will
permit me to say so,) fell into one grave error-
he undertook to refer to the functions discharged
by the Committee on the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate. I beg him to be more cautious here-
after—he was touching a subject which should
never be alluded to in open Senate. lie knows
very well that in one of the Departments of the
Government which has charge of our external
affairs, there is secret service money, and who-
ever heard any inquiries made with regard to that
fund? The remark of the Senator was irregular.
I know it was not intentional. I was once a
member of the Committee to Audit and Control the
ContingentExpensesof the Senate. Unfortunately
for the Senate and for the country, I am no longer
so. [Laughtei.J But still I cheush a very high
respect for the confidential operations of that com-
mittee. and I hope on no occasion hereafter to see
. such indiscretion committed by my triend, or by
! any other member of the body, as to allude to the
[ particular functions which they discharge,
j Mi. DODGE, of Iowa. I shall vote against
: the amendment oTered by the Sena'or from Arkan-
sas; but lest I should seem discourteous towards
him, as the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ins, I desire to make an explanation of the les-
sons which influence my vote. 1 think that some
reform is necessary m regard to our printing t
think something should be done by which effi-
ciency would be secured, and when we oidei
documents, that they will be piinted in some
reasonable time. I have received various letters
and communications from all parts of the countiy
asking me for copies of the census returns. I
received some of them so long since that I have
lost or mislaid them; and I do not know that I
could find them all. Now, I know, by repeated'
coaveisations with the worthy Secretary of this
body, that he does not desire that this duty should
be imposed upon him. I know that he has be*
sought me, as a member of the body, to keep this
duty off him.
In reply to the political argument of the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] I am ready: to say,
that so far as the bestowment of this job, or any
other job which is proposed here, is concerned, I
shall expect the Committee on Printing to give a
preference to those of their own political faith;
but I expect them to do it upon most reasonable
and just terms. I believe that tiie Committee on
Printing of this body is competent to discharge
all and singular its duties; and if a comparison
must be instituted between that Committee and
the Secretary of the Senate or the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, I believe, whether as
Senators or as practical printers, I should give the
committee the preference if the printing were my
own or if it were to be donefor the Senate. Tliey
have had experience in their station. As a mem-
ber of the body, I have had something to do in
retaining them in their present position for this
session. I have been g'lad to help to replace them
in the position which they have heretofore occu-
pied. I approved of their course during the last
session, and I am disposed to sustain them in this
position, believing, as ] do, that they are more
competent as practical printers, and better judges
of what is economical and proper to be done
under this contract than either the Secretary of
the (Semite or the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I hava not
at all changed my views upon this subject. Before
doing what I now rise to do, I wish to say a very
few words. I reassert, and I do it with all candor
and sincerity, that I am not competent to perform
the duty which this resolution proposes to impose
on me. I candidly confess that I do not know
how to perform it, and I have not now time to
learn. If the other members of the committee have
this competency, they will have to perform the
duty. If not, it will not be performed by the
committee at all. Of this I now give fair notice
to the Senate. I have deemed it my duty to make
this statement. Whatever opinion other Senators
may entertain of my competency for this business,
I think I know what I am able to do; and I know
that 1 am not competent to do this. I am not one
of those who believe that a man cannot know him-
self. I have always thought that a man's capacity
is better known to himself than to anybody else.
; I have looked somewhat into this matter, and I
! know I am not capable of performing this duty.
For that reason, 1 do not wish to he obliged to
• perform it. But as 1 fear that my amendment may "
i embarrass some of my friends, and as I am un-
i willing to impose duties on the executive officers
I of the" two Houses of Congress which would in-
volve them in any painful or injurious responsi-
bility, or which their friends are unwilling that
they should assume, I will withdraw the amend-
ment which I have proposed; closing my remarks
with a repetition of the assurance to the Senate
that I am unable to perform the duty required by
the resolution, and if it is imposed on the commit-
tee I shall not undertake it. I withdraw my
amendment if it is in my power to do so.
! The PRESIDENT. By unanimous consent
\ the amendment can be withdrawn.
! There being no objection, the amendment was
! withdrawn. _ ,
! Mr. SMITH. I have some views which I de-
i sire to present to the Senate in regard to this sub-
! ject, which will be very likely to occupy more
' time than remains at present according to the ordi-
i nary practice of the Senate. I would, therefore,
I be very glad to have this resolution postponed
I until to-morrow. I therefore move, if it meets
| the approbation of honorable members of the
i body, that the resolution be postponed until one
j o'clock to-morrow, and be made the special order
i for that time.
I The motion was agreed to—ayes 22, noes 18.
j assignment of private business.
i! Mr. DOWNS. The bill l'or the relief of Wil-
i1 ham Darby was under consideration yesterday,
but it. was then interrupted by the introduction of
1 the distinguisheAstranger who then visited us. 1
i | hope it wit! now be disposed of. It was laid on
l/
