208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 0.
the table yesterday on my motion. I move that
it be now taken up. g
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will take this
occasion to call the attention of the Senate to a
resolution which was adopted some time since in
these words:
"Resolved, That after the 1st day of 3 anuary next Fridays
of each week s>hail b"& set aside for the consideration of pri-
vate claims, and that on those days private bills shall have
priority over all other business."
The Chair brings the subject to the considera-
tion of the Senate in consequence of a different
construction being put on this resolution as he
understands by different Senators. There seems
to be doubt as to whether it is intended that that
day shall be exclusively set apart for private bills,
and that they shall not be taken up on any other
day, or whether they shall be taken up in regular-
order on the calendar as they are reached and yet
have entire preference on Friday. The Chair is
unwilling to give any construction of the resolu-
tion, inasmuch as it is for the Senate to decide
what they intended when they adopted the resolu-
tion.
Mr. DOWNS. I think the Senate itself has
put a construction on that rule. I recollect that a
similar rule was in force two or three sessions ago,
and the construction then was, that such a rule
did not prevent private bills being1 considered when
they were reached on the calendar in regular or-
der, even though it was not on the day fixed.
I consider that the Senate has at 'his session
put that construction on this rule, because yester-
day they took up several private bills and dis-
posed of them.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair, without con-
sulting the Senate yesterday, finding them upon
the general orders, took up several bills, which
were ordered to a third reading. They have not
been read a third time to-day, because the Chair
kept them back until the Senate should decide
whether private bills were to be acted upon on
every day of the week or only on Friday.
Mr. DOWNS. It certainly wa's my construc-
tion, and the construction of the honorable Sena-
tor who offered the resolution, that fixing a par-
ticular day for the consideration of private bills
should not deprive them of the privilege of being
considered on other days when reached in their
order, because it might very well happen that
such a rule as that would do great injury to those
whom it was intended to benefit, it very often
happens that in the early part of the session we
do not sit on Friday, and very often on those
days private bills are necessarily interrupted by a
press of other business. And if by fixing a par-
ticular day for the consideration of private bills,
we cannot take them up at any other time, such a
rule, instead of promoting the interests of parties,
might subject them to great inconvenience.
I hope the Senate will agree with me in the con-
struction which I have given to the rule, that when
these bills are reached in their regular order in the
calendar, they will be taken up as well as consid-
ered on Friday- I think that was the general un-
derstanding of the rule when itexisted at previous
sessions.
Mr. HUNTER. I recollect distinctly that 1
opposed tlLe resolution at the time it was introduced
and one of the grounds that I took was, that it
would work an injury to private claimants, for it
would devote Friday to them, and they would be
denied a place on the calendar, which they had
hitherto enjoyed. It certainly could not have been
the intention of the Senate to have given private
bills a precedence over public bills, not only on
Fridays but on all other days. They could not
have intended by setting apart a day for their con-
sideration, that on other days they should also
have precedence over bills of general interest.
Under the rules of the House of Representatives,
Fridays and Saturdays are set apart for the con-
sideration of private bills, and under these rules,
they are not considered on any other days. I
think such is the fair consequence of the establish-
ment of such a rule; and therefore it was that 1
thought at the time of the adoption of this rule
that we would be better off if we adhered to the
old practice of the Senate, and stood by the calen-
dar. We would be better off if the Senate would ■
return to the ancient rule. I suppose the rule must
be construed as it was construed in the House of
Representatives. If certain days are to be assigned
to private bills, they oughtto be confined to those
days, that we may have the rest of the week for
the transaction of public business, or else let us
return to the old rule, one or the other.
Mr. BADGER. There is nothing in the rule
or resolution adopted by the Senate on the subject
of private bills which either expresses or implies
that these bills should not be in order on any other
day of the week than Friday. The resolution sim-
| ply declares that on Friday they shall have priority.
| On the other days they have no priority. There
j is nothing in the resolution which says they shall
! not be considered on any other day. There is
j nothing in the resolution to prevent them being
1 considered when they are reached on the calendar—
! no matter on what day. This is not the first in-
I stance in which the Senate has passed the resolu-
| tion setting apart Friday for the consideration of
: private bills. It has been done at former sessions
j at which I have been here, and I have never heard
it suggested before that in consequence of setting
apart Friday for the consideration of private bills
it was not in order to take them up on any other
day, when they were reached on the calendar.
There is nothing in the resolution—nothing m the
practice of the Senate under former resolutions of
the kind which sanctions the idea that by having
Friday given to private bills they lose their chance
on e\ery other day of the week.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I voted for
the rule setting apart Friday for the consideration
of private bills. I believed, that by assigning a
' particular day for their general consideration, our
j attention would be drawn to those bills which
i were matters of private concern, and that we
I should be more likely to give them a careful con-
| sideration, and discriminate between-tho^e which
have merit and those which have not. One diffi-
culty which 1 hoped to avoid, was the constant
habit of springing upon the Senate the considera-
tion of matters about which we necessarily could
know nothing. If we are repeatedly called upon,
and without any indication as to the time when to
consider those matters which are not of such gen-
eral concern, we necessarily pass our opinion upon
them without the requisite information. If, how-
ever, we set apart a day, as the Senate has already
done, for their consideration, every Senator has
notice that such bills are to come up. I do not
say that we should be confined to that day when
they are reached on the calendar in their order* I
would consider them on other days; but if, after
having given them priority on one day, we will
now say that we are to call them up irregularly,
we shall have ourselves exposed to the difficulty to
which we had hoped we had put an end, by setting
apart a particular day. I hope, then, that private
bills will not be brought up irregularly, but that
we shall consider them only when reached in their
order upon the calendar, or on Friday, except
some good and satisfactory reason can be given for
taking up a particular bill out of order. After
having given them priority on one day, they
should stand on the calendar until reached in regu-
lar order on other days. I hope, therefore, the
motion of the Senator from Louisiana, a gentleman
whom we would all very gladly accommodate,
may not prevail, unless some particular reason can
be given why the bill which he proposes should
be taken up.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, all this opposition
|j to private bills, it seems to me, proceeds, or seems
j I to proceed, from the principle of guarding the
[j Treasury of the United States. We have got into
difficulty by almost repudiating all the debts of
this Government. This is the way that fraudulent
claims pass. Individuals who have claims against
the Government, come forward and present them,
|i and are delayed in one way or another until they
\ become twelve, fifteen,or twenty years old, and
II all the facts are forgotten. Then it is that claims,
sometimes not well-founded, are enabled to pass
, the Senate and the House of Representatives, and
become a charge on the Treasury.
The rule, setting apart Friday for the consider-
: aiion of private bills, has been adopted several
times befoie by the Senate. It has never before
; been construed to exclude bills on any other day
I when reached on the calendar. There seems to be
! a general disposition to give private bills the go-
by. If we are to repudiate the debts of the Gov-
; ernment, let us do it at once. What will be the
i consequence of the continuance of these claims?
| It will be to break up the individuals who have
• them, and to fill the Capitol with agents to get
them through, who will annoy every Senator. It
is time that we should take up these bills and dis-
pose of them one way or the other. Let us reject
or adopt them, and do it immediately, that indi-
viduals may have their claims decided while they
are alive, and not leave their heirs to prosecute
them when they die.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is aware that
it is simply for the Senate to decide what con-
struction they will put on the resolution.
* Mr. RUSK. That is the point to which I am
trying to direct my attention.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to inquire whether it
is the decision of the Chair that a formal motion
should be submitted ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair was under the
impression, though it has been stated otherwise
by honorable Senators, that when a rule of this
kind has prevailed' heretofore, private bills were
passed over on other days, and were taken up
only on the day set apart for their consideration.
Such was theimpression of the Chair, but it is fox*
the Senate, who adopted the resolution, to say
whether it was intended that the general orders
should be taken up as they stand on the calendar,
whether of a public or private character; and that
on Friday all questions of a public character should
be excluded.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move, as the sense of the
Senate, that the rule adopted by the Senate shall
not affect the standing of the private bills on the
calendar on other days.
Mr. BADGER. A motion is already pending.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair does not con-
sider that a motion is necessary. He has simply
endeavored to ascertain the sense of the Senate as
to th$ construction of the resolution. He wishes
to conform to the view of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I voted for that resolution.
If the Chair had not called attention to the subr
ject, I should never have dreamed that there could
be any question about the matter. As has been
well said by the Senator from North Carolina,
what is not m the resolution does not belong to it.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair then under-
stands that the construction put upon the resolu-
tion is, that the calendar shall be taken up in reg-
ular order, whether the bills are of a private,or
public nature; and that on Friday public bills are
to be excluded, and private bills solely acted upon.
Is that the understanding of the Senate?
[Several Senators. " Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
The PRESIDENT. The Chair was under the
impression that it was necessary to bring the ques-
tion to the notice of the Senate, because some Sen-
ators had entertained a different opinion from that
expressed by the honorable Senator from Maine,
and the honorable Senator from North Carolina,
and others.
Mr. DOWNS. One of the honorable Senators
from Maine [Mr. Bradbury] thought that we
should not take up private bills out of their order.
I have moved to take up this bill because yester-
day being a day of ceremony it was not disposed
of. Itywould have been passed in five minutes,
but for the arrival of our distinguished guest.
Thay is the reason why I want it taken up and
disused of now. It will take but a short time.
WILLIAM DARBY'S RELIEF BILL.
Jhe motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill for the relief of William Darby.
Mr. DOWNS. I concluded yesterday what I
had to say in relation to this 'bill. It is one of
very great merit. It was passed before by the
Senate, and I hope we will pass it again. The
gentleman for whose benefit it is intended is very
old and very poor. I hope it will pass without
opposition. I will not take up time bv discussing
it.
Mr. FELCH. I believe there was a report
made in this case some two or three years a o. I
recollect that last year we voted on'this question
by yeas and nays, and I think the Senate was very
nearly equally divided. I should like to hear the
report read.
The report not being on the Secretary's desk,
Mr. FELCH continued: If I understand the
matter, there was a report from a select commit-
tee, of which Mr. Corwin, then a member of the
Senate from Ohio, was chairman. That report
was acted on that session. The bill has since
been twice introduced on leave, but no new facts
