1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19.
case at every other point—could not be trusted.
The regiment commanded by Major SeawilJ, as
he informed me, was reduced to two hundred men;
the soldiers would not labor without the pay of
a workman in .the mines—would desert if tKey
werer required to do -the dutv of a soldier: which
made it necessary to hire laborers and mechanics
at from four to fifteen dollars a day, to do what
soldiers in other parts of the country were re-
quired to do, and did do; to build barracks for
the army, when, from desertions, there was no
army, and but few soldiers who could be relied
upon.
I invite "the attention of the Senate to the fact
that there was a much larger number of officers
and soldiers in California before the arrival of
those for whose accommodation this expensive
dep6t \yas established, who were comfortably
quartered in convenient and appropriate sections
of the Territory; that there were quarters for sol-
diers, as well as for the officers and their families,
'(withoutthe necessity of the latter being cooped up
in old hulks of ships)—at Monterey, Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles, San Diego, and Sonoma.
There were the NewYork regiment, the Mormon
battalion, with the officers and soldiers of the reg-
ular army, which formed a larger force in Califor-
nia before the close of the war than we have ever
had since. It is thus evident that these extraor-
dinary expenses to provide new quarters were en-
tirely unnecessary, a*d that the soldiers were thus
brought nearer to the mines, and tempted to de-
sert. Major Vinton says, in regard to the postat
Benicia, when he arrived there, there was no
wood, that they would have to get it. from Suisun
and the Sacramento river at extraordinary prices,
probably §100 ,a cord. I do not pretend to be
familiar with military affairs, but officers of the
army in California, of high character, have al-
ways asserted that there was no necessity of
establishing the depot at Benicia. This 1 know
to be the opinion of General Riley. 1 do not
censure the chief in command of the Pacific di-
vision; it was a matter of judgment with him;
but the head of the War Department, if lie dif-
fered from General Smith, should have disap-
proved of his acts, as did the Secretary of the
Navy, by nQt carrying out the recommendation
of Commodore Jones, until it was approved and
sanctioned by Congress.
1 have brought to the notice of the Senate the
enormous expenditure of the War Department in
California not authorized by huv, and sanctioned
by the head of the Department, in order to show
the contrast in the other Departments of the Gov-
ernment. I will refer first to the Navy Depart-
ment, which was cautious in adopting the recom-
mendations of the commodore in command on the
Pacific, involving the expenditure of large stuns
of money until Congress was consulted. The
Navy could not participate in the In illiant achieve
ments of the Mexican war, for Mexico had no
navy to contend with on the ocean. The glory
and renown of that war was monopolized by the
Army. One of its most successful generals was,
from the enthusiasm of the moment, elected Presi-
dent of the United States. The success and
biilliant achievements of the Army, during the
war, seemed to impress upon the mind of some
of the officers of that branch of the public service
that they were privileged to vary from the rigid
restrictions that had been imposed upon them be-
fore the war, and that they could expend the
public money on objects which they conceived to
he for tiit; public good, without the previous sanc-
tion of law, and they relied on the military chief
who ruled, the country to shield them from cen-
sure.
Mr. DAWSON". 1 would inquire of the Sena-
tor from California, at what particular time that
depdt was ordered in the neighborhood of Benicia?
Mr. GWIN. In the spring of 1849.
Mr. DAWSON. What time in the spring of
1849?
Air. GWIN. It is mentioned in the reports of
General Smith, to which I have not yet referred.
The report of the location was forwarded to this
city after the 4th of March, 1849. It was not
known to the former Administration,
Mr. DAWSON. What I desire to know is,
whether the location was made under the present
or the last Administration
Mr. GWIN. It was made  inee the 4th of
Mareh  1849.
Mr. DAWSON. Under what orders ?
Mr. GWIN. There were no orders issued to
General Smith by the last Administration to make
any such location.
Mr. DAWSON. By whom was the depot
established ?
Mr. GWIN. By the general in command of
the Pacific division, and sanctioned by the Secre-
tary of War.
Mr. DAWSON. I want to know who the
military commander was at the time the depot was
ordered ?
Mr. GWIN. General Smith.
Mr. DAWSON. General Persifer F. Smith.
Mr. GWIN. I give General Smith full credit
foi acting as he thought for the good of the country.
But I contend that it was the duty of the Secretary
of War, who should have been familiar with the
revenues of the department, and the extraordinary
expenditure that would result from the establish-
ment of this depot, to have required that the old
quarters of the army during the war, should be
used until Congress should determine to establish
new localities in the sections of the State where
they were needed.
Now, Mr. President, I come to another matter.
In the Indian appropriation bill, passed on the
third of September, 1850, we have this clause:
"To enable the President to hold treaties vvitii the vari-
ous Indian tribes in the State of California, $95,000."
This is a modest sum of money, nothing like as
much as it should have been, but all that Congress
thought proper to appropriate. Acting under the
authority thus conferred upon him, the President
of the United States proceeded to organize a Board
of Commissioners. He appointed three, two of
whom were resident on this side of the Rocky
Mountains. He sent them to California, no doubt
at the public expense, to negotiate treaties. These
commissioners took with them authority to call to
their aid the army of the United Stales stationed
in California. rFhat is to say, they took with
them authority to call upon the commander of that-
military division for escorts. I wish it to be borne
in mind that all this was to be done under an ap-
propriation of $25,000.
One of the Board, and its disbursing officer, on
the 11th of December, addresses the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, as follows. After casting a slur
on the State authorities, that they were belligerent;
that war witli the Indians was profitable, because
soldiers got from five to ten dollars per day, and
" Uncle Sam" would foot the bill, (very doubt-
ful,) he proceeds to say:
'* Wp are now en route for the Mauposa country, with
an escort of one* hundred and one picked men, ten officers,
ihrec six mule covered wagons, and sonic one hundred and
fifty pack mules, tocarjy oui provisions, ammunition, and
Indian goods; all under the command of Captain £. D.
Kcyos an experienced and excellent ollicei, from whom we
tcei assured not only ot protection, hut of cordial cot pera-
tion, m oiii endeavoit. lo pacify the Indian*, with the olive
bianch lather than the sword. Wo arrived here bysteamei
from IU'mcia, on the 8th instant; ycsteiday evening, the
ho^es and mules for transportation arrived ;*to-da>, we are
anauging lor the journey, and expect to be on the road,
in the direction of the Tulare Lake, eaiiy to-morrow
inoi mng."
lt We are gathering all the information we can, and by
no means despair of effecting, In the name of their Groat
Fathei, the PieMdent, a very general pacification ; but it
will be a woik lequnmg address, tune, and, piobably, a
huge outlay of money for goods and provisions."
1 will now show how this escort was fitted out,
by leading from a letter of T. Butler King, col-
lector at San Francisco, to theCommisioner of In-
dian Affairs. The quartermaster's department
was out of funds, and had made application to the
collector for assistance. He says:
41J may he permitted to add, that having heretofore made
advances to the amount of #150,000, for the purpose of
enabling the tioops to move in support of the commission-
ers ; and without f had taken the responsibility . not a ntep
could have been taken for the pacification of the Indians,
and the prevention ot probably a long and disastrous Indian
war; and though four months subsequently I icce^ed an
approval of that advance by the Quartermaster General,
yet I have been reminded by the Comrnifsjoner ot Cus-
toms, in a letter received by the last mail, that my conduct
in this matter is contrary lo law."
Here is information that will enlighten the chair-
man of the Finance Committee as to the origin of
these deficiencies. The collector is surprised to
find he has acted " contrary to law,"in advancing
public money to an officer m advance of an appro-
priation made by Congress. I have been anxious
to ascertain what amount was expended on these
escorts, but cannot get the information from the
Quartermaster'« Department, owing to the mixing
; up of accounts. I therefore adopt Mr King's let-
ter as the most definite information I can com-
mand.
I wish it to be borne in mind that this com-
| mission was organized on an appropriation of
§25,000; and, before they commence their labors,
they involve the Quartermaster's Department in
an expense of $150,000, which is borrowed from
the collector.at San Francisco.
The collector is charged with acting contrary to
law in loaning the money; but he is in no danger.
He will be indemnified by transfer warrants, or
in a deficiency bill. I allude to this transaction
to show that the War Department has become the
predominant power of the Government, whose
subordinates act without authority of law, with
an impunity not tolerated in any other Depart-
ment in the Government. Thus I find this es-
cort provided with money from the collector's
office, contrary to law, paid to agents subor-
dinate to this Board of Indian Commissioners,
and obeying their orders. That, while from this
$150,000 all supplies for this escort are paid for,
the supplies for the commissioners and Indians,
with whom they are treating, are bought on a
credit, and have not been paid for to this day.
And here m this deficiency bill there is, no doubt,
an estimate for the deficiency thus created, which
we are called on to make an appropriation to meet,
while not a dollar is appropriated to defray the ex-
penses of the commissioners, and to pay for their
supplies and those furnished the Indians while the
commissioners were treating with them.
The commissioners, having the entire control of
! the expedition, are limited in their expenditures to
j the sum of §25,000 appropriated; and, although
! they have drawn drafts for the overplus of their
1 expenditure, these drafts are protested, and the
. parties furnishing the supplies are unpaid; nor has
i the Department of the Interior asked for their pay-
1 ment, although the Secretary is aware that the ex-
penditures have largely exceeded the appropiia-
tion.
In proof of this, I will read extracts from letters
; of the commissioners, found in the annual report
i of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs:
! " We arrived accordingly at this camp on the 15th ultimo,
! found some Indians on the ground, and others continued to
I arrive daily until the 26th ; when, having meanwhile treated
i the ied men and their families to as many provisions; as they
: could eat, and finding them in excellent good humor, we
j met them m council, explained to them the object and pur-
i poses of our mission, and submitted to them ourproposi-
- tions for a general treaty of pcace, and a settlement ot all
i existing difficulties.'' * * * * * *
! " We have, theiefore, been under the necessity of making
] pretty liberal prousion under the head of ' subsistence,'
' and now advertise you thai this eouiye will have to be pur
I Micd throughout the whole State." * * * "For
| pressing demands!, we have to do the best we can, fullj'
, satisfied that our policy is correct, and that it iy, in the end,
; ckeapcrto feed the whole flock forai//>rcr,than to fight them
, foi a week." * * ■> * * * - * *
i "The countiy set apart foi them so far is very poor soil;
but a small portion of it ic' adapted to agricultural purpose*,
i but lemarkably well adapted to the raising of stock; ami
I we think it would be good policy to supply them liberally
; with hroo'I Uock, in addition to the beef cattle, which is in •
dispensable foi jsrcscvt consumption, a* the faithful fulfill-
ment of the neaties- on their part will measurably depend on
it. They must have food." ,* y * * *
uT1ih will requtie *ioncy, and it is a subject of surprise
; andiegretth.u the appropriation for our use has been cut
J down so small. The amount requiied will he seemingly
1 large, but, by puisiung the foregoing policy.it will be found
: to be small, in compauson, to all tieanea'wheio aniuiitws
i are given." * *•**•*•** *
. 1 have sent men among them who speak their language,
\ and arc influential, and placed beef cattle under the care
; of the tradeis, m order to supply their pressing necessities
for food, and to induce them to come down froiuoutof their
j, mountain fastnesses, all of winch it is to be hoped will have
j the desired effect of causing them to come in and conclude
i, a treaty. 1 speak of this as the only true policy; furthei
j expeiience only confirms pluvious statements, that the In-
i; di<uis aru muueiou* and formidable; and Jt is difficult, if
i' not impossible, to subdue them by waging war; it is possible
i to make tenns with them by exercising a proper and hu-
mane policy, making them not only useful-to themselves,
l; but to the white community at laige." * * *
j[ f deteimined to discharge the escort that accompanied
II me through to that place, and return to San Fiancisco, or
!> proceed down the coaet with an escort of citizens, who
• j kindly proposed to accompany me to the Indian villages" in
the vicinity." * * * * uOn the 17th day of June, I
!i addressed a note to Captain K. D. Keyes, who had corn-
! mand of the escort, dispensing with the further service* of
|! hia command, a copy of which, togeiher with his reply, I
' herewith inclose."
j; These extracts show that the commissioners
controlled the escort, that they were incurring ex-
penses largely exceeding the appropriation, yet
• we do not find that they were checked by the De-
| partment.
