112-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
strengthened,, "and the Indians lescued from destruction;
why is it, that the pohey has not been pur-uied here, that
themisehievousand antiquated system condemned by every
Administration lor nearly fifty years, and at war with all
experience, should be attempted to be revived >n thio State
from winch especially it should have been excluded ?
" Your committee therefore respectfully recommend the
adoption of the following resolutions, with the concuireace
of the House of Assembly:
" Resolved, (as the &en>e of the Senate and Assembly of
the State of California,) That the policy piusued by the
Federal Government towards the Indian nines in this State,
is wholly and radically wrong, ami should he rejected.
Resolved, That our Senators in Congress be instructed
to oppose the confirmation of any and ail treaties with In-
dians of the State of California, <iraritin<£ to Irtdiansan ex-
clusive rightto occupy any of the public lanclsm the State. '
" Resolved, That the policy j-o long and steadily pursued
by the General Government, of removing the wild [ndians
beyond the jurisdiction of States is conceived in wisdom
and dictated by humanity, and is productive of tranquillity
and happiness to the whole countiy, and that no other can
with safety be adopted within tin* State. I
Resolved, That our Senatois be m-tiueted. and our ;
Representatives requested, to u>e their best endeavors to
procure the adoption, by the Federal Government", of the
same course, towards the Indiana of tin- State, mat ha-. ,
been pursued in other States lor the la t<>uai(ei ot aeon- j
tury. . |
" Resolved, That the Governoi be requested to piesont |
'to our Senators and Hepie-entuUvec, each, a copy of the I
foregoing report and iesolutson* .
j>1 . M. WAWRAUGU, Chairman.
.1. 11. RALSTON,
!J. FRANK KUKNErj
JAAIKri MILLER."
There was but one dissenting voice in the com-
mittee in making this report, and the member dis-
senting was, as I am informed, personally inter-
ested m having the treaties confirmed.
There is danger in the delay of the Executive
in acting upon this .subject. The Indians expect
to be fed, to be maintained without labor, Stop
their rations and they will become vicious. TJiey
have been withdrawn from their usual habits of
labor and former means of support, and they will
not return to them. Tliey will steal, rob, and
murder, and thus bring on collisions with the
whites that will jesult nf the extermination of the
Indians. They are located by these treaties in the
midst of the white settlements; collisions must
and will occur, if this policy is adhered to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will my friend be kind
enough to answer the question, whether this bill
contains appropriations for money thus expended
in the execution of treaties not yet ratified ?
Mr. GWIN. Not m the execution of the trea-
ties ; but no dou bt part of the deficiency in the Quar-
termaster's Department, which is provided for in,
this bill, resulted from the acts of these Indian
agents, who, in making the treaties, were furnished
with escorts at the expenseof the Cluaitermaster's
Department.
Sir, J have said, and again lepeat, that the tians-
lation of a victorious genera! from the head of his
army to the presidential chair, with no experience
in or qualification for civil affairs, has had ft bane-
ful effect upon the administrative departments of
the Government. With a military President lo
shield delinquencies, the executive officers of that
department have exhibited a looseness in the per-
formance of then- official duties that was before
unknown. When called on by Congress to reduce
their estimates, they decline. When their esti-
mates are cut down by Congress, they go on and
spend largely over the amount appropriated, and
demand of us the passage of a deficiency hill. Sir,
we are losing nil control over this department of
the Government. If this military spirit continues
to prevail—if we continue the policy of taking our
Presidents from the chiefs of the Army—we will
very soon' be required to stop our deliberations, i
and, merely register edicts. The subordinates of'
the War Department in their expenditures exceed ,
the appropriations; the Government steps boldly
up and demands additional appropiiations, and
they are granted. The subordinates of another ;
Department exceed the appropriations in their '
expenditures. Are we called on to meet these •
deficiencies? Oh, no, the Department repudiates.
.The military is the overshadowing" power of
the Government. In that department the subor- 1
dinates may exceed the lawful appropriations with •
impunity, "iet when a couple of young- officers, ■
who had gallantly faced the enemy in Mexico, ;
take a small contract to supply a portion of the '
army with forage, which is not prohibited bylaw, !
a great noise is made about it; and they are sub- j
jected to a court-martial. If I am not mistaken in I
this, there was personal pique, as well as a stern !
discharge of public duty. I mean in the proceed- I
ings in California, not with the head of the De-
partment. Yet we observed the other day that
the Senator fiom Georgia [Mr. Dawson] was tena-
cious in giving the War Department the credit of
investigating this abuse, instead of dividing the
honor with the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] whose resolutions brought the proceedings
in this case before the Senate There are much
greater abuses (and I do not justify this one) in that
Department, for which the Secretary wiii get yet
greater credit if he eradicates them.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Huntter] has
stated that the expense of the quarter-master's
department in California the last fiscal year was
$827,000, and this statement has gone all over the
Union; and when we ask for appropriations that
are indispensably necessary, we are met with the
argument that the expenditure there has already
been enormous. This, as I have shown, has
arisen from the unauthorized expenditures in that
country, and the abuses that grew out of collect-
ing the civil fund. Can the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee inform me whether we will be
called to pass a deficiency bill to pay back the
money borrowed from that fund?
Mr. HUNTER. I stated in the remarks I
made on Friday, that the quartermaster's accounts
were in arrears; they have not been settled, par-
ticularly those of California. But, I have been
informed by General Jesup, since this bill was
reported, that large accounts had come m from
California, and that they would no doubt swell
the amounts. 1 do not know the amount; Gen-
; eral Jesup could not inform me what it was; and
1 do not believe that any man can tell the amount.
Mr. G WIN. I differ with the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, when he says that the law
<>f 1820 authorizes or sanctions, in the slightest
degree, some of the items in these deficiency bills.
Sir, I want to know what is to become of this pro-
vision of the Constitution of the United States,
that—
" \To monev shall be drawn fiom the Treasury evcept m
consequence ui appiopi utlions made law."
The chairman of the Committee on Finance has
shown that the appropriations made for the quar-
tei master's depaitment for the year ending 1st of
June, 1851, was &3,915,912, and the expenditures
of the year, $5,286,124. 1 should like to know
if there is any sanction under the law of 1820 for
such a use of the public money, right in the face
of this provision ot the Constitution? Here is the
appropriation, as shown by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, amounting to upwards
of ^3,900,000, and yet we are toiu that the actual
expenditure exceeds *>5,000,000. Now, I cannot
see that any law can sanction any such use of the
public money in the face of tins provision of the
Constitution.
1 do not bl'lieve any law of Congress can au-
thorize an expenditure of live millions, under an
appropriation of three millions. 1 think the .Sen-
ator is mistaken m his construction of that provi-
sion of the law. 1 think there is a necessity for
rigid accountability, and that all subordinate offi-
cers, whose expenditures exceed the appropria-
tions, or who fail to make retains, should be dis-
missed from the public service and disgraced.
1 am in the peilbimance (if a painful duty, in
commenting on the.se transactions. But that duty
must be performed. The extravagant expendi-
tures and lawless acts of Government officers in
California, are producing fatal effects upon the best
interests of that country. I am mortified to see
a disposition m both Houses of Congress to with-
hold appropriations, and abstain from passing
laws of vital necessity to my constituents, under
the belief that there is no restraint upon public offi-
cers the^e, and what money is appropriated will be
wasted with no benefit to the State or Government.
I must expose transactions that give cause for
these .suspicions, and I will, regardless of the con-
sequences. No portion of the country is suffering
as much for the want of legislation as California.
All we want is the proper and legitimate aid of
the Government, and we will continue to advance
with the giant strides of past years to the import-
ant position we are destined to occupy in the
Union.
Mr. HUNTER. Itis not my purpose to make
a speech on this matter. I merely wish to correct
a misapprehension into which the Senator from
California has fallen. I did not say that the act
of 1820 would justify the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment, or any other Department, in departing from
the law or violating the law. The section of the
law of 1820, to which reference has been made,
reads thus :
"That nocontiact shall hen-after be made by the Secre-
tanes of State, ot the Trea uiy, oi of the Depaitment of
War, or of the Navy, except under a law authonziug the
same, or under an appropriation adequate to its fulfilment;
and excepting, ako, contracts for sub=-T?.ting and clothing
the Army or Navy, and contracts for the Quartermaster's
Department, which may be made by the Seei etaries ot those
Departments.""
I said that this law authorized such contracts on
the part of the Quartermaster's Department for sub-
sistence and clothing, and when a contract was made
it was for us to say whether or not we should appro-
priate for it. That was wot saying that the money
could be drawn out of the Treasury without an ap-
propriation by law. I know that cannot be done.
But contiacts can bemade, and these contracts, ac-
cording to law, may be made,and good faith will re-
quire us to pay them. I said, therefore, in relation
to these deficiencies, as far as they have been pre-
sented to us by the Quartermaster's Department,
we ought to provide for them, inasmuch as they
weie debts incurred under legal authority, unless
it could be shown that any portion of them were
contracts in violation of law; unless it could be
shown that any poi tion of these accounts were im-
properand ought nottobe allowed. Wheneverthat
is done, I acknowledge a case is shown in which
the appropriations ought not to he made; but until
that is done, as the Department has the right to
make the contracts, when it presents us these es-
timates, I see no other course, unless we mean to
deny the Army the means of transportation and
subsistence, but to make the appropriations, un-
less we can be shown specific cases of abuse.
That is what I said. Not that you could draw
money out of the Treasury without appropriations
by law, but that there was a right to make con-
tracts for these objects, and that, when contracts
were made, it seemed to me good faith required us
to fulfill them. I said, the probability was, that
they would be found necessary, because 1 found
that the money provided for these, objects in the
deficiency bill, added to the appropriations already
made for the present fiscal year, was less than the
actual expenditures for the last fiscal year by some-
thing like $94)0,000. It therefore seemed to me
that it would be unsafe to appropriate less than
was estimated for in this deficiency bill. This i«
the explanation which 1 have to make.
Mr.GWIN. I think the Senator gave a broader
construction to this law a few days ago than he
does now. I said, and 1 say now, that the act of
1820 was passed for the purpose of making con-
tracts for clothing and subsistence, and the build-
ing of navy-yards and fortifications that could not
be completed within one year. Time was neces-
sary to have competition in the market for sub-
sistence and clothing. But was it ever supposed
that this gave power to any Department of this
Government to go beyond the appropriations
made by law to make contracts to an enormous
amount? The law is specific in its character to
invite competition, and also that contracts might
be made for a large amount of materials, to build
afoit or a navy-yard. But all these contracts were
based upon the fact that they were to be binding
only in the event of an appropriation being made.
But this is an entirely different case. The case
that I have brought to the notice of the Senate is
where an unconditional draft has been drawn
upon the Treasury. These are not contracts.
This furnishing of money by the Quartermaster's
Department, to carry out this Indian expedition,
has reference to nothing of this sort. They have
spent the money. They have not made a contract
to spend the money when the appropriation should
be made. They have spent the money and are
coming to us to foot the bill. This spending of
money and calling on Congress to meet the defi-
ciency is an enormous abuse that is yearly in-
creasing. I do not think the law of 1820 justifies
these expenditures; nor do I think it should have
any other than a literal construction, such as was
put upon it at the time it was passed, which was
to get the best market for certain materials for the
public service.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say that this clause
would shelter any abuse, or cover any departure
from the established laws of the land. Tsaid that
this clausegaveto theQuartermaster'sDepartment
the right to contract for these objects. But when
