1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
Mr. WARD offered the following amendment;
Strike out the entire clause above inserted, and insert in
lieu thereof:
For the improvement of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi, the Ohio, the Missouri, the Cumberland, the Ten-
nessee, the Illinois, the Arkansas, and the Red rivers,
$750,000.
Mr. W. said: Mr. Chairman, it is very evident
to my mind, when looking over the vast country
embraced in this appropriation, that enough has
not been done for it. The section of country in-
cluded in my amendment contains one half of the
population of the United States. It furnishes al-
most two thirds of the interna] trade of the United
States. It embraces a navigation of upwards of
sixteen thousand miles.
The bill recommended by the committee, pro-
poses to appropriate a million and a half of dol-
lars; and of that sum, it proposes to give to the
section of country embraced in my amendment,
only about $>300,000. This is not doing justice
to that section of the country. The trade upon
these rivers, according to an estimate made in
1846, then amounted to four hundred and thirty-
odd millions of dollars, and according to the same
report, that trade had been increasing annually at
the rate of ten per cent, for ten years preceding
that time. It has been increasing at the same, if
not a greater rate, up to the present moment. The
trade upon those rivers for which this appropri-
ation of $750,000 isasked,amounts to $766,000,000
annually. And for the purpose of cleaning out
these highways to market, upon which is borne
that large amount of property annually, this com-
mittee propose the appropriation of only some
$300,000. Is it just, when this money is to be
dispensed, that the western community should
only receive one fourth of the entire amount of the
appropriations in the bill? It seems to me not.
The objects proposed to be accomplished are na-
tional in their character. Upon that subject there
can be no rational dispute. They have been rec-
ognized as national by the appropriations that
have been made heretofore by Congress, when
this subject was up, and fully and fairly discussed.
They are all national streams, and the vastness of
the interests involved, demands far more than is
given by this bill. And those who are in favor
of a system of internal improvements, should,
when framing one, place it upon a just and impar-
tial basis, or it can never be sustained before the
American people.
Mr. WARD demanded tellers; which were or-
dered, and Messrs. King of New York, and
Beale were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected; the tellers having reported—
ayes 39, noes not counted.
Mr. PARKER, of Indiana. I submit the fol-
lowing amendment:
Provided, That so much of the said sum ns mnv be re-
quisite for that purpose, be applied to the construction of
four substantial snag-boats for use upon said rivers.
Mr. Chairman, I presume there can be no objec-
tion to this amendment It appropriates no addi-
tional sum of money. It simply allows those of
us of the Mississippi valley who take a deep in-
terest in river and harbor improvements to divert,
of the $260,000 appropriated for the western rivers,
such an amount as may be requisite for the con-
struction of four substantial snag-boats, to be used
on those rivers. There certainly should not be
any objection to this amendment/with any friend
to these improvements. It meets with the entire
approbation, so far as I have been apprised, of
the western members thus friendly.
Mr. Chairman, and gentlemen of the commit-
tee, unless these snag-boats be constructed, the
appropriation will be of comparatively little value.
You might about as well set a mechanic to work to
build a house without tools, as our operatives of
the West to work in the improvement of these
rivers without snag-boats. No ,snag-boats have
been provided for. Dredging machines and mud-
scows have been provided for upon the northern
lakes. They are indispensable to make the ap-
propriations there available. In like manner are
these snag-boats requisite for our western rivers.
At the time these river improvements were broken
down, the snag-boats were destroyed or disposed
of. They were indispensable at all times when
improvements were making, and they will be in-
dispensable at all times hereafter, if valuable im-
provements are in good faith to be made. And
this amendment asks only for the diversion of a
portion of the appropriation for the construction
of these boats. It strikes me that this committee
cannot object to it—the western members I am
sure will not. Will our northern brethren upon
the lakes? Will our Atlantic brethren? It does
not affect the integrity of this bill. Let me say,
however, with reference to this matter, that there
is no gentleman from the West who feels more
keenly the rank injustice done to the West by this
bill than I do. But, sir, we have spent time
enough upon it. I have voted for all propositions
to increase the appropriations for the West; for
my head and heart are in them; but it is folly to
consume the time of the committee further at this
late day of the session upon them. I hope my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Ward] will desist.
He has struggled enough—he has had his time. I
We have made the effort time and again, for the
adoption of his and numerous other important
measures, and it now seems to me, with all re-
spect, a reckless consumption of our time, to at-
tempt them further. Let us then rest satisfied
with what we have got, as it is manifest we can-
not get any more. I am for that, simply because
I cannot do better; and I hope that there is no
friend of river and harbor improvements upon this
floor that will vote against this bill because he can-
not get as much as, or just what he wants. The
passage of even this bill, by thU Congress, is a
great point gained for the future. It will establish
an important principle.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
call the attention of the gentleman from Indiana
to the estimates contained in the report of Colonel
Long, who has been charged with the improve-
ments upon the western waters, and upon which
the head of the Topographical Bureau has based
the communications which have been laid before us
this session, and upon which the committee have '
acted. The appropriation in the bill has been
based upon his estimates. He has stated what it
is proposed to do with the money. It is proposed
to build two large snag-boats for use where he
should deem them wanted, and three more of a
lighter draft—in all five boats 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Parker was lost.
Mr. HOWARD. I submit the followingamend-
ment:
For dredge and snag-boats for the improvement of the
navigation upon the coast of Texas, $50,000.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to state that this appro-
priation was in the bill which passed at the last ses-
sion of the preceding Congress. It was put in the
bill by the Committee on Commerce with the full
concurrence and consent of the head of theTopo- i
graphical Engineers, upon a conference with him.
1 do not know why it was not embraced in the
present bill, for certainly, if it had been recom-
mended to the Committee on Commerce bv the
Department, it would not have permitted th'e in-
justice to exist which does in this bill in relation
to the coast of Texas. Why a coast of near one
thousand miles that is susceptible of so much im-
provement as this, has been entirely pretermitted
in this bill f am at a loss to understand. The en-
trances to most of the harbors on that coast are
obstructed by bars which are shallow. They can
easily be dredged out. To Texas, that has fur-
nished and is now furnishing so large an export
of cotton and sugar, and is supplying a large con-
tribution to commerce, it strikes me this commit-
tee are not disposed to do anything like justice.
It seems to me this committee should not stand
here merely to register the estimates of the Topo-
graphical Department—to do nothing else than to
obey the behests of that Department. I trust this
amendment, as it received the sanction of the De-
partment at the last Congress, and of this House
during the session of the last Congress, will re-
ceive the favorableconsideration of the Committee
of the Whole. The dredge-boats which this
comparatively small appropriation would provide,
would be sufficient to deepen the bars at the en-
trances of the bays on the coast of Texas, and
also remove the bars at the mouths of the rivers
which empty into the bays. There have been sur-
veys of the coast of Texas already sufficient to
authorize this estimate, or the head of the Topo-
graphical Engineers would not have agreed to it
at the last session of Congress. Why is it omit-
ted now, except for the reason that the bill can
get more votes by spending this amount of money
in the'East and North, already so lavishly pro-
vided for?
The coast of Texas v/as surveyed, at least in
part, duringthe war with Mexico. The mouth of
the Rio Grande was surveyed by an officer of the
Topographical Engineers, who recommended that
the bar should be dredged out. Matagorda and
Aransas Bays were also surveyed, and Galveston
Bay was sufficiently examined to show the neces-
sity of a dredge-boat in that bay, especially on
the channel between Galveston and Houston.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, i wish to
state in brief the reason why we have not included
this appropriation m the bill. No doubt the time
will come when there will be snag boats needed
upon the coast of Texas; but it has been *he uni-
form practice of this Government, before it appro-
priated to the building of boats, or to any other
matter, for the purpose of making improvements,
to make an estimate and to survey the work, espe-
cially if it were a large one.
Mr. HOWARD. I will state to the gentleman
that there was during the war with Mexico a sur-
vey made by the engineers of the Army? of Mata-
gorda and Aransas Bays, and, if I am not incor-
rectly informed, also of Galveston Bay. They
found it necessary to survey these bays for mili-
tary operations. Those surveys are now in the
Department, I presume.
Mr. SEYMOUR. The answer to that is found
in the fact, that no estimates have been sent to us
upon which the House might act by way of im-
provements for the purposes of commerce. We
have provided in this bill for a survey of the bur
at the mouth of the Trinity.river, and we would
have recommended to the House the survey of the
mouth of the Rio Grande, which is a large river,
and important to the commerce of the country;
but at the time the bill was framed the boundary
line was not settled, so that no survey could be
properly made. When a survey shall be had at
the proper points where improvements are neces-
saryin Texas, and the House shall have its atten-
tion called to the estimates and data, it will be then
time to provide for snag-boats and improvements.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman whether the same condition of things did
not exist at the last session, when the committee
recommended this appropriation?
Mr. SEYMOUR. That I cannot tell. I have
the manuscript statement of the Department, ad-
vising that it would be improper to direct even a
survey of the Rio Grande at this particular time,
or until the boundary line shall have been set-
tled. We have had our attention called to no
specific improvements needed upon the coast of
Texas. I suppose there are some; and if so, they
are connected with the mouths of their rivers.
Mr. HOWARD demanded tellers; which were
not ordered.
The question was then taken, and Mr. How-
ard's amendment was rejected.
Mr. McMULLIN. I oiler the following amend-
ment:
For the improvement of the North Fork of Holston river,
from SaltviHe, in the county of Washington, Virginia, to
the Tennessee line, $30,000.
I have not offered this amendment, Mr. Chair-
man, from a factious opposition to the bill, but in
good faith, and in the full belief that it should be
adopted. I appeal earnestly to the gentlemen of
the Committee on Commerce, and to its chairman
particularly, to yield this amendment their ap-
proval and adoption. The first question which
presents itself to the consideration of the commit-
tee is as to the character of this stream. It is a
national stream. I refer to the members from
Tennessee for a proof of its nationality.
This river heads in Virginia, and passes through
Tennessee and a portion of Mississippi. Upon
it there have been thousands and millions of dol-
lars of property involved. I appeal to the com-
mittee, notwithstanding I feel that I am appealing
in vain, because it does seem to me that it has been
the purpose of the Committee on Commerce not
to have permitted an i to be dotted or a t to be
crossed. It is true that they have been overpow-
ered with the justice of the proposition of my col-
league from the Richmond district, [Mr. Caskie,]
and adopted it, although James river was strangely
excluded from the hill by the Committee on Com-
merce. I appeal to the gentlemen from Tennessee,
whose State has been neglected as was Virginia—
I appeal to the liberal chairman of this committee,
