210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 0,
our tables some few weeks since. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means do not conceive it to be
their duty to investigate matters of printing. In
the first place it seems to have been usual, as far
as the committee can ascertain the facts, for the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay for the printing
of these annual estimates out of his own contin-
gent fund for printing. He writes, however, that
he has no fund out of which to pay it. The
printer, it seems, has charged for the printing of
the estimates as a job; he does not consider that it
falls within the range and influence of his contract;
and we were asked to make an appropriation to
meet his account. We did not feel authorized to
do so, for if the work went to the public printer
as a part of the public printing of the House, then,
in the opinion of the committee, it would fall
within the range of his contract, and the rates of
(iharge must bg influenced and controlled by that :
contract. The matter was not, however, appro- I
priately before the Committee of Ways and j
Means, nor could it be; and the committee there- •
fore deemed it prudent to report the papers to the j
House, and let the House make such order as it j
might see fit upon the subject. I ask for the read- j
ing of the letters. I suppose that the Joint Com- 1
mutee on Printing would be the proper committee '
to which to refer them. :
The letters in regard to the matter were then j
read. i
Mr. HIBBARD moved that the papers be re- !
ferred to the Committee on Printing. |
Mr. GORMAN. It seems to me that this I
communication ooght not to be so referred. Jt j
has been before that committee already, or at !
least it has been before one member of that com- i
vnittee. I have examined it myself, and I do not I
see what the Committee on rrinting has to do
with the auditing and settling of an account of
the public printer. It seems that the Secretary of
the Treasury had some printing done; the public
printer presented his account to thai oifieer fur
payment; the Secretary declined making the pay-
ment, alleging that he had no funds; the public
printer then brought his account to me, and osked
my opinion about it; ynd I told him—and, F be-
lieve, indorsed it on the back of the account—that,
m my opinion, the Secretary of the Treasury
was bound, under the law, to pay that account,
or cause it to be paid. That the Committee on
Printing should be compelled to make an audit-
or s office of itself m regard to the accounts of
the public printer, is not, I apprehend, within
the purview of the duties assigned to it. The
Committee of Ways and Mc.ms have to devise
ways and means for the payment of the debts of
this nation. This matter has been referred once
by the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury to
that committee. It should go there now. They
must find means to pay this account, if the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has not the means of doing
it. The Committee on Printing have no mode of
ascertaining anything except whether the printing
was done. That. [ apprehend, is not in contro-
versy. The only question in contioversy is, how
is the work to be paid for? and the duty of ascer-
taining that, belongs certainly to the Committee of
Ways and Means. The Committee on Printing
do not want to have anything to do with the mat-
ter. It i<? not, within the purview of the duties
assigned to them. I am willing, however, to
undertake any tn.sk which the House may impose
upon me, and J h«ve no doubt that I may say the
same for the whole of the Committee on "Printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Gormax] i think misapprehends the force of
my remarks. I have no doubt the House will see
at once, after reading the letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, that there was a principle to set-
tle, in connection with that account, before it could
be paid by nny committee. The'Committee of
Ways and Means did not refer it back to the House
because they had not the ways and means of liqui-
dating the debt, but because a principle was in-
volved which they believed ought to be settled bv
some appropriate committee of this House before
the Committee of Ways and Means should be
called upon to make an appropriation.
Mr. HALL, (interrupting.) I rise to a point of
order. I believe the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] h.m already addressed the House
once upon this subject, and according to our rules,
he has no riffht to speak again so long as any other
member wishes to speak upon thesatne subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House do not want
! to hear me, of course I 'Ho not wish to press myself
' upon their attention.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama having once addressed the House upon this
subject, is not in order, if any other gentleman
wishes to speak upon the same subject.
No other gentleman having claimed the floor,
Mr. HOUSTON (resuming) said: I did not
know that I was trespassing upon the patience of
ii the House, or I should not have attempted to make
| any remarks upon this subject.
j I was going on to say, that, in my opinion, the
; principle to be settled in connection with that ac-
i count is one which ought to be sealed by the
l Committee on Printing. It is their province to
I examine the contract with the public printer, and
i see whether, from the general scope and tenor of
! that contract, this account should not be embraced
! in it. If so, then the Committee on Accounts, if
that is the appropriate committee, can pay it, or it
; may take such a direction as the House may
choose to give it, that it may receive its liquidation.
: But unless the Committee of Ways and Means
were satisfied what the proper charges were, and
; unless they were satisfied whether or not it should j
j be included m the contract with the public printer, j
it is impossible for them intelligibly and satisfac- '
' torily to make an appropriation for its liquidation, j
i I am asked by some gentlemen around me how "
1 this printing has heretofore been paid for. A law !
; was passed m 1846, providing that the Secretary |
■ of the Treasury should have prepared, printed, and
i laid upon the desks of the members, the first day
of the session of Congress, annually, estimates of
; the appropriations required in that Department.
I The printing of those estimates has been paid for,
' as 1 understand it, out of the contingent fund of
, the Treasury Department, by the Secretary of the
!'i Treasury. I am not aware that it has ever before
I been referred to any committee of this House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. • At what rate
\\ has it been paid?
I! Mr. HOUSTON". I do not know what rate
II the Secretary of the Treasury has allowed for the
|i work.
i< Mr. STEPHENS. What I wished to inquire
"was, whether'this printing has heretofore been
done at the contract, or job rates?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know what rates
the Secretary of the Treasury has heretofore al-
lowed. I piesume, however, that it has been paid
for at the job rates.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The printing of
these estimates has heretofore been done under the
law of Congress requiring the Departments to
have the printing done by contract. I inquired of
my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] how the
work has been heretofore done, but he says he
has no means of ascertaining, and I do not know.
Mr. ORil. I am under the impression that,
heretofore, the estimates of the Sectefary of the
Treasury have been printed by a printer other
than the public printer of either House of Con-
giess. It has been included m a dnss known in
the last Congress as "Department Printing." It
was never done by the public printer.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the point which I
was -endeavoring to present, that heretofore, in
carrying out the law of 1846, the Secretary of the
Treasury has let out this, as a part of the print-
ing of the Department, and has paid for it out of
the contingent fund of that Department; and paid
for it at the rates which he pays for his other print-
ing. I suppose he has paid for it heretofore as a
job, under the contract or arrangement, such as he
has made with his printer. I believe,furthermore,
with the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Orr,] that in every instance heretofore the
printing of these estimates has been done by
some other printer than the public printer for
j' either House of Congress.
I have nothing to do with the contingent fund
i of the Secretary of the Treasury. If he has ex-
: hausted that fund improperly, it is a matter which
| has to come before this House, when he gives us
l' an account of his expenditures. If then the
j; Committees on Expenditures of the various de-
j. partments of the Government see fit to take up
>; this subject, they can give us all the information
j, which maybe desired, but until then, we have no
!' course left but to bring thematter before theHouse,
j; that it may take such direction as the House may
h choose to give it. For the present, I do not see
how it can be disposed of otherwise than by re-
ferring it to some committee, for the purpose of
settling the principle upon which the rate of com-
pensation must be determined.
Mr. HALL. I rise for the purpose of moving
the previous question. And I will say that my
only object is to cut off debate. If any gentle-
man desires that I should make a motion to dis-
pose of the matter, 1 will do it with the greatest
pleasure,,
Mr. FICKLIN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] that he move
to refer this matter to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with instruction thatthey settle the principle
whether or not this account should come under the
contract with the public printer.
Mr. HALL. I move that this matter be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Expenditures of
the Treasury Department, And upon that mo-
tion I call for the previous question.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order.
There was already a motion pending to refer this
matter to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. That motion will not be cut
off by the previous question.
Mr. HIBBARD. Will not that motion take
precedence?
The SPEAKER. It will take precedence.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
ing the call for the previous question,
Mr. ORR. Then I move to lay the whole sub-
ject upon the table.
The question was put, and on division, there
were—ayes 30, noes 14—no quorum voting.
Mr. CL1NGMAN called for tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Hamilton-, and Stephens
of Georgia, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 10, noes H5.
So the motion was not agreed to, and the sub-
ject was not laid upon the table.
#The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put; which ques-
tion was first on the reference of the subject to the
Committee on Printing.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. The Com-
mittee on Commerce have instructed me to report
to the House thai in consequence of the large and
increasing amount of business before them, they
are m need of a clerk. They have, therefore, di-
rected me to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be author-
ized to employ a clerk at the usual rate of compensation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that it is
unnecessary for that committee to have a clerk. I
move, therefore, to lay the resolution upon the
table.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
laid upon the table—ayes 82, noes 46.
Mr. WALSH, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which-was referred the petition of cer-
tain owners of the Swedish barque Ulrica, reported
" a bill to admit a certain vessel to registry,"
which, having been read a first and second time
by its title—
Mr. WALSH expressed the hope that the bill
would be read through and put upon its passage.
The vessel was now lying in the harbor of Charles-
ton, ready for sea.
The bill was read through, and then ordered to
be engrossed and read a thlW time; and having
been engrossed, it was read a third time and
passed.
On motion by Mr. HALL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged fiom the tuither consideration of the petition of
William B. Giayson and other settlers on tbo Matson
Rouyf'G.ant; thepeution of Samuel Gladnov; the petition
of William B. Row, and other citizens of Columbia county
Florida; and that they be reterred to the Committee on Pri-
vate .Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. HALL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lauds be dis-
charged from the further consideration of resolutions of the
public meeting of the citizens of Shelbjulle, Indiana, on
the subject of "plants ot the public Jandspand against the
assignment of land warrants i.s&ucd under the act of Sep-
tember 2*, 3850, and that they be refencd to the Committee
on Agiieulture.
Mr. HALL also, from the same committee, re-
ported " A bill in relation to a certain lot of land
