1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
the contract was once made, it seemed to me that
it was our duty, in s;ood faith, to provide for it.
That was rs far as I went. As to the particular
i'Lem to which the Senator has referred, in regard
to the recent transactions with thejndiumj, l am
aware that these matters depend upon an entirely
different ihi«2T- The matters whic,h he has hrou^hr
to our notice may be right or wrong, and when the
case is presented for action the Senate will jud^e.
According to the showing of the Senator from
California, they seem to be wrong. Reconsiders
that a great abuse has grown up there. Notwith-
standing1 this abuse, the power to which I referred
is a very different thing, and might exist, as it un-
doubtedly does ex'st. I have read the law giving
this power to the Quartermaster's Department.
.Now, in relation to expenditures under this
appropriation- The Senator has quoted the ap-
propriations of one year. Does he mean to say
that they had no right to expend the balance of
outstanding appropriations for the year before5
Does he mean to say that they had no right to
expend money paid into the Treasury by repay-
ment? But, in addition to that, they expended
money by transfer, to which I objected. That was
one of the very abuses to which I objected, and
which I pointed out. But there is an expenditure
over and above that of moneys which were derived
out of the civil fund of'California. That is an-
other and a larger question—a question which I
do not touch—namely, the right of the Govern-
ment to spend the money raised by military con-
tributions and this civil fund, without an appropri-
ation by law. That belongs to another bill, and to
another question entirely. The Senator from Cali-
fornia either confounds questions, or he misunder-
stands me totally. All that I meant to say was,
that this power to contract given to the Quarter-
master's Departmeat existed, and where a debt was
thus made under the law, and in pursuance of the
law, I saw nothing left for us but to provide for
its payment.
Mr. ATCHISON". I now move to postpone
the further consideration of this bill until to-mor-
row, for the purpose of going into Executive
session.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business, and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mo.vgay, Jlpril 19, i853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butj.lr.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in oider
is the motion made by the gentleman fiom North
Carolina [Mr. Venable] to lay on the table the
motion made by the gentleman from Virginia
(Mr. Bayly] to reconsider the vole by which the
report from the Committee on Printing was recom-
mitted to saic], committee.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. CLING MAN. I beg leave to make an
inquiry of the Chair upon a point of order. The
Chair will, perhaps, remember, that this week,
commencing with to-day, was set apart, especially,
for the consideration of territorial business. I
have been instiucted by the Committee on the
Territories, m the absence of the chairman, to
suggest to the House, if it He more airreeable to
the members, in view of other pressing business,
to move the postponement of the consideration ;
of the territorial business to the third week in
May. _ ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques- ,
tion of order. The question pending, 1 think, is !
not debatable under any circumstances. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North i
Carolina is not proposing to debate anything; but j
merely requests the unanimous consent ot the J
House to allow him to submit a motion that the j
territorial business—the consideration of which |
was fixed for this week—shall be postponed until
the third week in May.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I do that, because I pre-
sume it will be more agreeable to the House, we
: having before us a special order—the homestead
bill—and other pressing business. The territo-
rial business can as well be considered at the time
to which I propose to postpone it; and I hope
, there wdl be no objection. If there be objection,
; Ijskall move to su-spend the rules for the purpose
' of enabling me to submit the motion indicated, I
I make this motion with a view that it shall be a
! special order for that week.
Mr. STANLY. Is that motion now in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order if objected
' to,
! Mr. STANLY.- X object to anything other
j than the regular order of business,
! Mr. CLINGrMAN". I stated that if my motion
was objected to, I would move the suspension of
the rules, and, if possible, eliect my object in that
i way.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks a motion
' to suspend the rules is not in oider, while the
House is in the execution of an order under the
; previous question.
I Mr. CLINGrMAN. I will remind the Chair,
! that the previous question is not now pending;
j and the subject I piopose to postpone being, also,
I a special order for to-day.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, that the
I previous question is pending upon the motion to
1 print, and will operate until the House decides the
i motion upon the printing of the report.
I Mr. CLINUMAN. I will remind the Chair,
| that this is a motion to reconsider. The previous
i question has exhausted itself upon the motion to
recommit, and on the motion to reconsider it does
not, therefore, operate.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
upon that point is, that the previous question con-
tinues to operate upon all questions connecting
themselves with that report until the last proposi-
tion is disposed of; and no motion to reconsider
an intermediate vote can be debated.
Mr. VENABLE. 1 understand the Chair to
decide, that the motion having passed under the
previous question, it prevents debate upon the mo-
tion to reconsidei ?
The SPEAKER. There can be no debate so
long as the previous question is opeiating upon
any one of the questions connceted with the sub-
ject.
Mr. VENABLE. I had supposed otherwise.
Mr. STANLY demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay upon the table the motion
to reconsider; which were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] mo\ed, on Friday last, to reconsider
the vote by which the House lecommitted to the
Committee on Priming, with instructions, the re-
poit made by that committee. The gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Venabi.e] moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table, and
the question is now upon the latter motion.
The question was then put upon the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table, and
it was decided in the negative—yeas 71, nays 84;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abciciombie, Aiken. Alli<on, A-he, ;
David J. Dailey, Biagir, Drenton, Albeit <*. Biown, j
Joseph Cable, L'\vi« f) Campbell, Thompson Campbell, J
Ca>kie. Chapman, Clink, Chn^man, Coltman, Cuius. !
Dimmick, Doty. Ea^tuuni, Fieklin, Floyd, Fowlei, Gay-
loid, Giddin^-, Coodenow, Gie\, Glow, Sampson W. Har-
as, Ilowaid, John W". Iloue, Thomas M Howe, Hunter,
Jacl—oit, Jenkin-, Andiew Johnson, Jolm Johnson. Daniel
T. Jones'. Geo. W. .lone5, J. Claney Jones Pie^ton Kmjr,
Kuiui-, Mann, Ma-.mi, Mr Jjan.th.ui, Mt Nair, McQueen,
Meaelinm, Meade, MilKor,, Molonv, Mornson, Newton,
Orr, Andrew Parkei, Penniman, Peikins, Phelps, Powell,
llobbin-, Seiiddei. Smait, Benjamin Stanton, Alexander
fl. Stephens, Tliui'-ton, Town-heud, Tuek, Veri.iblo, Wal-
bnd^e, Wallace, Washburn, and Wo.ulwaid—71.
NAYS—Williv Alien, Andiew.*, John Appleton,
William Appleton, Thomas l(. Ba>h, IJ.uieie, Bowie,
i Uowne. Briy<r*, Biooks. Knell, E. Carnnirton Cabell,
Chandler. Chaplain, Cobb, John (J. Davis, Dawson. Dran,
' in-no}, Uofkei v. l'd<r«'iton,Kdnminbon. Ewinjr, Fieetnan,
j Thoma-i J. D. Fullci. G< nti\, Cmman, Green. Hall, Ham-
ilton, Hammond, liarpei. l-ham ii. liairis, Ilait, Haven,
I Hebaid, llendnek^, Henn, Jlibbard, Iloisford, Ilou-ton,
i liii^et-olJ, James Johnson, Kobeit W. Johnson. George G
, King. Ivm U Landrj , L-'tchet, Lockhart, Mace, llumplney
i Mai-hall, Martin, McCoikle, MeMuilin, Miller, John
' Moon:. Moiehcad, Munay, Nalvis, Old?, Outlaw, Samuel
j W. Pinker, Pca.-dee, Polk, Saekett. Schonnerhoni. Semi),
I Oilmen S. Sojniour, Skelton. Snow. Stanly, Fredeuck P.
Stanton, Riehaid II. Stanton, Stone, Stuart, Sutherland,
Sweet-er. Tajlor, George W. Thompson, Waid, Watluns,
Adcli-oti Win to, and Williams*—SI.
, So the motion was disagreed to.
i Mr. PITCH, previous to the announcement of
! the result of the above vote, stated that he had
paired off with his colleague (Mr. Durham] tipoa
the questions then pending connected with the
public printing.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
reconsider.
Mr..ORCI demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 7*2; as follows:
V EAS—Mes«rs Abereronilue, Willis Allen, John Ap-
pleton, William Appleton, Thomas If. Dayly, Barrere,
Bowie, Bowne, Bngjjh, brooks, Chandler, Chaplain, Cobb,
Cottman, Collom, Jolm (}. Davis. Dawson, Dean, Disney-,
Doekery, Edmund^on, Evvnig, Freeman, Thomas S. D.
Fuller, Gorman, Gieen, Hall, Hamilton, Fiammontl, Har-
per, Isham G. Harris, Hart, Haven, Uehar<l, Hendricks,
Ilenn, Hibbaul, llnlver, Horstbrd, Houston, InpersoU,
Jame-> Johnson, Rol>eit W. Johnson; Goor e W, Joiief,
(ieor^eC. Kmc, Knims, Letchei, l.ocklrait, Mace, Mai tin,
McCoikle. McDonald, Meavham, Mdler, Moiehead, Mur-
lay, Nabers, Olds, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker. Pea-dee,
Pcim, 1'olk, Porler, Sackett, Savage, Sehennerhorn,
Scurry, t)n>reit S. Seymour, Skelton, Snow, Stanlv, Fred-
eeick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton. Stone, Strother,
Siuart, Sutheilaml, Swee^ei, Tavloi, George W. Thomp-
son, Ward. Wells, Addison White, Alexander White, WjI-
ham> , and Yates—87.
NAYS—Me-^rs. Aiken, Alison, A«lie, Averett, David
J. Ihnlev, lJnnrir, Brenton, Albert G. Biown, Joseph Cable,
L<*wis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie,
C^hapiu.'in, (*lni<iman, Cone<i, Dimmick, Doty,
Ka-ln:an, Fiekhn, Floyd, Fowler. Gajloid, Giey, Grow,
Samp-on W. Hams, Howard, Jtdm \V. ilowe, 'i'liomas
M. Howe, Flnuiei, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew John-
•jot), Dame? T. Jone^, J. Glanev Jouc>., Predion Kinjy,
Kurtz, Larnhy, Mann, Hutnphiev Mitifhall, Ma^on, Mc-
Lanahan, i^k^air, MeCiuecn, Meade, Million, Molony,
John Mooie, Moin.-un, Newton, Oir, Andrew Paiker,
Pennjinan, Peikm^, Phrlps, Powell, Kantoul, Ilobbms,
ScuikJer, Suiait, Benjomin Stanton, Alexander II. Ste-
phen>, Thinston, Town&hend, 'Puck, Venable, Walbridge,
Wallace, Washburn, and Woodward—"3.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN moved to loy the whole subject
upon the table, and upon that motion demanded
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it wasdecided
in the negative—yeas 74, nays 90; as follows:
VISAS—Messrs Wdhs Allen, Thomas /I. Bayly, Rar-
rere, Howie, Bowne, Brings, Brooks, E. Cairington Cabell,
Chandler, CI.nk, Cobb, Culloin, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Doekeiv, Ewnii.', Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gaylord, (ieniiv, (ionnati, Hamilton, Hammond, Harper,
H.i\en, Mebatd, Hendricks, ffill\ei, Andiew Johnson,
Robeit \V. Johnson, <ieor};o W. Jones, Gcoijre (x. King,
Knlmsljetehei, Loekhart, Mace, Maitm. MeCorkle, Mc«
Lanahan, McMnllm, Meaehain, Millei, Aluriav, Nabers,
Outlaw, Samuel W. Paiker, Penn, Polk, Potter, Ross,
Sackett, Savage, Schetmerhoiu. Scbooleiaf't, Scurry, Ori-
cen S. Seunoui, SkeRon, Slanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard II. Stanton, Stone. Stuart, Sutliejland, Sweetser,
Tayloi, Georyc W. 'ihoirip^on, Ward, Watkins, Wells,
Atevander White, Wdcov, Wiiham^, and Yates.—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Allison, William
Appleton, Aveiett, David J. Bailey, Ihagg, Brenton, Albert
C. Biown, Jo-epJi Cable, Lewis. D. Campbell, Thomp.-on
Campbell, Cartler, Ca^kie, Chapman, Chn<jman, Conger,
Cuius, Dnnnnck, Dory, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmund>on,
Ficklm, Flo_\ d, Fowlei,Giddins«, (Joodenow, Giey,-t?row,
Hall, Kham G Darns, Sampson W. Hams. Hair, Henn,
Hibbaul. Ilorslord, Houston, How aid, John W. Howe,
Thomas'At. Howe, Ilimtei, Jvos, Jackson, Jenkins, James
Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T Jones, J Gluncv Jone«s,
Pieston Knur, Kuitz., Landiy, Mann, Humphrey Marshall,
Mason, MeDonald, MeNan, McQueen, Meade, MilNon,
Moioin , John M*>oie, Morehend, Moiriaon, Newton, Olds,
Orr, Andiew Paiker. 1'eaMee. Penniuian. Peikms. Phelps,
Powell. Rantoul, Robbins, Scuddei, Smart, Smith, Snow,
Benjamin Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, Thm<ton,
To\vn&h( nd, Tuek, Venable, Walbtidge, Wallace, Wash-
burn, Addison White, and Woodwaid—90.
So the motion was disagreed to.
[A messnge was here received from the Senate,
by AsuriiY Dickin«, Esq., their SecieUry, notify-
ing the House of the passage by that body of the
French spoliation bill.]
Th<* question then recurred upon the motion to
recommit the report of the Committee on Printing,
with instructions.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Is the previous
question now exhausted?
The SPEAKER. It is not, in the opinion of
the Chair.
Mr. POLK. I would inquire of the Chair,
whether it is in order to move to lay the instruc-
tions upon the table?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the -instructions cannot be separated from the
proposition to refer.
Mr. HOUSTON. In this connection I propose
to present a point of order. It is a point which
w.is incidentally brought up on Friday, and is
this; I understood the Chair on Friday to decide
that the resolution of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Brown] was not divisible; that it was
not only not in order to divide the instructions.
