1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
but to divide the resolution so as to separate the
mention to commit from the instructions.
The SPEAKER. That was the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. I raise this point: The mo-
tion to commit made by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] is entirely distinct from the
instructions which were presented by the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown;] and I ask
the Chair whether it is not first in order to take a
vote upon the instructions, and afterwards upon
the motion to commit ?
The SPEAKER. The'Chair stated to the
House on Friday, that the precise motion made
by the gentleman from South Carolina was to
strike out the'motion to commit to the Judiciary
Committee, and to insert the Committee on Print-
ing. The Chair also distinctly stated, that the
most convenient mode of reaching those proposi-
tions would be to take the vote fkst upon referring
with instructions to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and secondly-to refer to the Committee on
Printing) with instructions. The House acqui-
esced, and in that form the questions were sever-
ally put to the House; but the Chair here sug-
gests, that if that decision of the Chair were over-
ruled, and the suggestion of the gentleman from
Alabama followed,the gentleman from South Car-
olina would, as a matter of course, have been mis-
led and overreached in his object.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair misunderstands
me. I do not present the point now for the pur-
pose of excluding the motion of the gentleman
from South Carolina. I am willing to take it that
his motion is in order—the motion to reconsider,
■with instructions; but I now ask that the House
be allowed first to vote upon the instructions, and
then upon the motion to commit. That, it occurs
to me, is the usual mode upon a motion to com-
mit, with instructions. If the mere motion to
commit, with instructions 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call the gen-
tleman to order. Debate is out of order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is too much to have to sit
here listening to nothing but debate upon points of
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am,not. debating.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
proposition which the gentleman makes, and is
prepared now to give his decision to the House.
He is frank to confess that it would be a very con-
venient rule if the proposition to refer to a commit-
tee with instructions could be so divided that the
vote of the House be had separately upon the prop-
osition to refer and to instruct. But the Chair has
looked at the precedents to some extent upon that
subject, and he has also looked at the parliament-
ary law, neither of which justify, in his opin-
ion, such a decision, however convenient it might
be to this body undertheoperation of the previous
question. For instance: if the House tefuse to
refer at all, every member will see at once that
there is nothing left m the shape of instructions
upon which the House could act. The Chair,
therefore, overrules the point of order raised by
the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. GORMAN. I wish to submit a point of
order, upon which I desire the Chair's decision.
It is, that the House of Representatives cannot
instruct a joint committee created and acting under
the law.
The SPEAKER. However fully the Chair
might agree as an individual with the conclusion to
•which the gentleman has come as to the effect of
the action of the House, still he is of opinion that
it is a matter to be considered by the House, and
not to be decided by the Chair as a mere question
of order. It is not competent, in other words, foi
the Chair, in such acase, to determine what the ac-
tion of the House will be. That is a matter for
the House to decide, and not the Chair. The
Chair, therefore, overrules the point of order sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. GORMAN. With great respect to the
Chair, I am so confident that my point of order is
well taken, that I take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the appeal upon the
tabic.
Air. CLINGMAN. I inquire of the Chair
whether this point was not made on last Friday,
decided by the Chair, and acquiesced in by the
House?
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt about it.
Mr. GORMAN demanded tellers upon the mo-
tion to lay the appeal upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
raises the question of order, that it is not compe-
tent for this branch of Congress to instruct a joint
committee of the two Houses. The Chair decides
that that is a point to be determined by the House
and not by the Chair—the proposition itself being
germane, intimately connecting itself with the
subject of printing, which is pending before the
House for consideration. The Chair thinks that
it is not his province to determine what the effect
of the action of the House will be, but that it is
the Elouse itself. From this decision the gentle-
man from Indiana takes an appeal. A motion is
made that the appeal do He upon the table, and
upon that motion tellers have been demanded.
Mr. FREEMAN demanded the yeas and nays,
which were not ordered. •
Tellers were then ordered, and Messrs. Lock-
hart and Ewing were appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 98, noes not counted.
So the decision of the chair was sustained.
The question then recurred upon recommitting
the report to the Committee on Printing, with in-
structions.
Mr. ORR "demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. May I be permitted to in-
quire what the character of the instructions are?
The SPEAKER. They are those voted upon
on Friday last. If it is the pleasure of the House,
they will be read.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it competent to make a
motion to amend ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous ques-
tion operating.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make a point of
order, and it is this: that the motion to recommit
the report to the committee with instructions, is
divisible m this way, so as first to take the vote
upon the motion to recommit; if that carries, then
the vote upon the instructions?
The SPEAKER. If the House refuses to re-
commit, will the gentleman inform the Chair what
becomes of the instructions ? Can the House vote
upon the instructions'.
Mr. STUART. Of course, they fail 
The SPEAKER. The Chair again overrules
the point of order made by the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] for reasons which have
already been stated.
Mr. STUART. In that case, I wish to appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the appeal upon the
table.
The question was then taken, and the appeal
was laid upon the table.
Mr. EWING. May I inquire whether the mo-
tion cannot be divided, and the question taken
upon the commitment first?
The SPEAKER. That is precisely the ques-
tion which the Chair has decided, from which an
appeal was taken, and the decision of the Chair
sustained.
Mr. IvUHNS. Is it in order to have the in-
sti actions read ?
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Can it not be
done by a vote of the House?
The SPEAKER. How often that motion can
be repeated is questionable.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Once a day.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw my objection.
The instructions were then read by the Clerk,
as follows:
u Resolved, That the report on the Committee of Printing
be recommitted to the Committee on Printing, with instruc-
tions to icpoit upon the whole subject, and to locommend,
j for the adoption of Confess, such a system toi the execu-
tion of the public pmiting as they may deem most expe-
dient ; and that they especially take into consideration the
plan for a printing bureau, for the execution of the work
under the supervision of a Government office."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call for a
division of the question of instructions.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] ask a division of the in-
structions themselves ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. That is precisely the point
which the Chair has already decided, and from
which an appeal was taken, and the decision of
the Chair sustained.
Mr. STEPHENS. No, sir. that was as to a
division upon committing and upon the instruc-
tions. I ask only for the division of the instruc-
tions themselves.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Sttjart] asked in substance precisely
the same thing.
Mr. STEPHENS. I did not bear the point of
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] but
certainly it is in order to ask for a division of any
question, if it is susceptible of division. These
instructions comprise two very distinct proposi-
tions. I call for a division of the instructions.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman indicate
at what point the question is divisible?
Mr. STEPHENS. I will, if the Clerk will
read the instructions again. I think a division
can be made after the word " expedient."
Mr. FITCH. The object of the gentleman is
the same I had in view on Friday last, and
which the Chair decided out of order. I think
the decision was incorrect, and I hope the Chair
will reverse its own decision. I will not take an
appeal, nor would 1 be willing to vote for it if
taken.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Read the last
branch of the instructions.
The Clerk then read the latter branch.
Mr. STEPHENS. That is a very distinct
proposition. Here is what the 53d rule says:
"Any member may call for the division of a question,
which shall be divided if it comprehends propositions in
substance 80 distinct, that onp being taken away, a substan-
tive proposition shall lemain foi the decision ottlie House."
If the first part of these instructions are stricken
out, there will be a substantive proposition left;
and if the second is stricken out, there will be also
a substantive proposition left.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. It is plain to
me, that the first decision of the Chair was right,
and that the present one is right. If the second
proposition may stand, the first may; and should
it be now decided that the instructions can be sep-
arated, the proposition of reference itself may also
be separated from the instructions.
The SPEAKER. There is no question ofthat;
but the resolution itself is not fairly divisible.
But if it were, and contained two propositions en-
tirely distinct, the difficulty would occur again,
and the House would be voting first upon the ref-
erence, and then upon the instructions. If they
I cannot separate the two votes, first upon referring
to the committee, and then upon the instructions,
surely it is not competent for the House to vote
first to lefer, and then to instruct in part. The
Chair must, therefore, ovenule the point of order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to state a fact to
the Chair, before he overrules the point of order.
The Chair will, doubtless, recollect the celebrated
resolutions of Mr. Gordon, of Virginia, upon
which a motion was made to commit with instruc-
tions 
The SPEAKER. As old a member as the
Chair is, they were presented before his time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. A distinct vote was taken
to recommit, which failed, and of course the in-
structions failed. It has been almost the uniform
practice of the House, first to take the question,
whether the House will commit the subject or not.
^ The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
j nessee [Mr. Williams] is aware that the Chair
< decided the proposition, and an appeal was taken
| ten minutes since, and the decision of the Chair
j was sustained. The Chair would be very willing
1 indeed to reverse his own decision; but to reverse
1 his own decision and that of the House so soon,
i is rather more than can be reasonably expected of
; him. [Laughter.]
j Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well, sir.
| Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire, in
i order to regulate my vote, to ask a question of the
i' Chair. If the reference with instructions is voted
: down, and we come back to the motion to print,
and it is carried, will the report then be before the
House freed of the previous question, so as to take
any direction that the House chooses to give it?
The SPEAKER. The report was regularly
before the House; a motion was made to commit
to two different committees, with instructions; a
motion was also made to print the report; and upon
these several propositions the previous question
