214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
might compose the committees. I had hoped that
gentlemen who were placed upon important com-
mittees ofthisJHouse would act, as I have no doubt
they will, feeling that they represent every portion
of this nation, so far as their action upon the com-
mittees of the House is concerned. I am not to
see whether a man comes from the North or South,
from the East or West, to judge of him in advance
and determine whether he shall'be favorable or
unfavorable to any particular policy I may wish
to advance by the action of a committee. I hope
and believe that such will not be the judgment of
this House, either as respects the Committee on
Commerce or any other committee.
Let us go a little into particulars upon this sub-
ject, as the gentleman has, and denote the residences
or cities from which the members of that com-
mittee have been selected. He has appealed to
gentlemen from the Northwest in reference to their
interests; and he said that no gentleman connected
with or having any interest in the trade or com-
merce of that part of the country was to be found
on the Committee on Commerce. If he will look
at that committee, he will find a gentleman, [Mr.
St. Martin,] as far as his State is concerned, whose
locality is at the mouth of the Mississippi river—a
river upon which floats the great commerce of the
West—a river upon which, and its tributaries,
large appropriations are needed for the purpose of
protecting that commerce. I have no doubt the
interests of that quarter of the country, if they
are to be represented by that gentleman, will be
safe in his hands. If he will look at another State
upon the western side of the mountains, he will find
upou that committee the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Johnson,] an old and experienced
member; and surely a gentleman coming from
that quarter is safely to be intrusted, not only with
the interests of his own State, but with all the in-
terests that might pertain to the commerce of the
great valley. He will find also another gentleman
[Mr. Robbixs] representing the State of Pennsyl-
vania, whose trade and commerce extend to one of
the great western lakes, and finds its outlet upon
the river nearest us. Finally, (and the committee
will pardon me—the Speaker has been pleased
to place me upon that committee. The State of
New York, which I have the honor in part to rep-
resent, has an interest as deep and abiding ill the
source of the prosperity and trade of the great
Northwest, as any State in this Union. The
river upon which I reside—the Hudson river—is
the great outlet of all that commerce scattered over
the extreme Northwest, brought down through
the Erie Canal and other avenues, and all concen-
trating in our great commercial emporium. It is
needless—it would be improper for me to say, to
what extent I would be willing to go to foster that
trade. Suffice it to say, that I feel that my con-
stituents have a deep and abiding interest in it, and
as far as constitutional power will permit the
House to go, in my judgment, on this subject, I
shall be disposed to go for all necessary protection
of that interest.
I have been constrained to go thus minutely into
this matter from the course which the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Robikson] has taken. I do
noi wish to detain the committee by a discussion
of the vexed question of internal improvement.
The whole matter will come up before the com-
mittee when a lull shall be presented. I would
rather that that bill should be judged of by its own
merits, than to have it forestalled here by the sus-
picions of any gentleman. I will merely say now,
that it must be obvious to the gentlemen of the
committee that this whole interest of internal im-
provement which relates to the commerce of the
country, whether that commerce be upon the sea-
board or upon the northern lakes, or upon our
larger rivers, is almost identical. They are con-
nected together, and the power that acts upon one
should act upon them all. As I said when I had
the honor of presenting my amendment, these im-
provements, in many cases, are themselves con-
nected together. By the resolutions presented by
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] you
grant power to the Committee on Commerce to re-
port appropriations for harbors, and you grant to
another committee—the Committee oil Roads and
Canals—power to report appropriations for rivers
that enter into those harbors, when the very con-
structions, in many instances, which you propose
to erect for the protection of your commerce, are
connected together.
The experience of our legislation for twenty years
past has sanctioned the reference of this whole
subject to the Committee on Commerce, as the
appropriate power that should act upon it; and I
hope that the practice, thus uniformly followed,
will be adhered to by this House. The chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, of the last
House, reported a resolution similar to this, sep-
arating the improvement of rivers from the im-
provement of harbors, and referring the former to
the Committee on Roads and Canals, and the latter
to the Committee on Commerce. After discus-
sion, that resolution was negatived, and the whole
subject sent to the Committee on Commerce. That
is the most recent action upon the subject, and I
hope that the example of our predecessors will be
followed by this House.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I have heard no good
reason assigned, in the course of this discussion,
why this subject of the improvement of rivers
should be taken from the Committee on Roads and
Canals and sent to the Committee on Commerce.
Two reasons have been given: one relates to the
policy and the constitutional right of Congress to
make these appropriations, and the other to the
necessary connection existing between the two
subjects—the improvement of rivers and the im-
provement of harbors. The policy of these ap-
propriations for the improvement of rivers and
harbors, and the constitutional right to make
them, are questions to be discussed when the bill is
reported to the House. But to say that those are
appropriate considerations in deciding to which
committee the. subject shall go, is assuming a
knowledge on the part, of the House, of the feel-
ings and opinions of the committees, which I
think ought not to be assumed.
My colleague [Mr. Seymour] says that rivers
and harbors have a necessary connection, and re-
late to the commerce of the country. I would ask
what thing is not connected with commerce? Is
a river or harbor necessarily more connected with
the subject of commerce, than agriculture is?
Without exports, you cannot have commerce,
and without grain and other produce, you cannot
have exports. Is it any more connected with
commerce than naval architecture is? Without
ships, you cannot have commerce. Is it any
more connected with it than astronomy? You
cannot navigate a ship without the north star. Is
it any more connected with it than electricity and
magnetism ? You must have a compass.
Why, according to that argument, the Committee
on Commerce might claim that all matters and
subjects lelatingto the arts and sciences, should
be referred to them. I am myself a member of
the Committee on Roads and Canals, but I am not
so extravagantly fond of cold water, as to desire to
have jurisdiction not only over rivers and canals,
but aiso over the ocean. For myself, I would
quite as lief get rid of the labor of taking up this i
subject, which will probably be a very laborious !
one, but I have had the pleasure of meeting our |
committee once or twice, and have a very high re- ;
spect for our chairman. I know his intelligence j
and ability to take charge of this subject, and as !
the rules expressly assign this duty to us, I hold ;
that it should be so referred. [i
i Now I have had no experience in legislation, ^ T ' u J 1
but permit me to ask whether—even if the prece- 1! w 1 ' a [ow 1T1 e' would suggest, that as there are
| dents to which the gentleman has referred do exist : s!OVA'•',, ,mws ™nnectert w,th the th,t
i —the practice of three or four sessions is to over- j
! ride the ruleaof the House, oneof which expressly I
, says that it shall be the duty of the Committee 011 I
Roads and Canals to take this subject into eon- j
! sideration. ;
i There is another reason why this amendment j
ought not to prevail, and I mention it with all pos- l
sible respect to the chairman of the Committee on , -1 • .   . j  
.Commerce. But I say that when the chairman of!' we may come to this subject at once.
a committee appeals to this House, to refer to that ■ | A Member. We cannot get through with it
' committee a subject which is not before them, it is ^ to-day.
presumptive evidence that the subject ought not to :l Mr. HOUSTON. ^ Then I find myself in a very
1 be committed to them. Why? Because the very unpleasant situation in regard to this matter. We
anxiety to get hold of the subject authorizes the [; are called upon very urgently to take up the
presumption, that there is an opinion already Mexican indemnity bill and pass it. 1 am satis-
formed; and certainly it is for the good of the i! fied that it ought to be taken up. i am satisfied
country, that subjects should be referred to com- i' that this bill appeals to this House for its early ac-
mittees who, when they take liold of them, are' tion. 1 therefore move that this subject be'laid
entirely impartial and unbiased. ! aside, with a view of reaching1 it.
But 1 have yet another reason for opposing this'! Mr. GIDDIjN'GtS. Will the honorable chair-
amendment. i have a great respect for tne Speaker , 1 man of the Committee of Ways and Means inform
of this House; and when he appointed these com- ' me at what time that Mexican indemnity will fail
mittees he had the.rules before him, and knew the due?
duties assigned to the different committees by these
rules. And why did.he put me on the Committee
on Roads and Canals, and my colleague on the
Committee on Commerce?" Not certainly be-
cause, being taller than my colleague, I could per-
haps touch bottom in the ocean as well as m the
shallow rivers better than he could; for, as the
poet says:
" The mind's the stature of the man."
When the Speaker appointed these committees,
he inquired not only with regard to the general
standing of gentlemen, but also as to their intel-
lectual stature. I have no doubt, that in compli-
ment to the high intellect of my colleague, [Mr.
Seymour,] he gave him the broad ocean, the great
ships, the great steamers, and the whole commerce
of the country, whilst he gave to me and my col-
leagues on the committee—being men of less in-
tellectual stature—the shallow rivers and the little
muddy canals. And we want to show that it is
not too much for us. I express 110 opinion what-
ever, one way or the other, about the doctrine of
internal improvements. My opinions on that sub-
ject are known, I believe,to no human being here.
I have no persona! feeling upon this subject, and
should be glad to accommodate my colleague; but
I have made these remarks because it is the desire
of the respected chairman of the Committee on
Roads and Canals, that this subject should be re-
ferred to that committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not intend to occupy the
committee long, and I am not going into a dis-
cussion of the amendment of the gentleman from
New York. The rule has been read, and that is
sufficient justification for me and for the resolutions
which I had the honor to submit, proposing to
distribute the President's message. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Seymour] says that a like
thing was done at the last spssion of Congress, and
that the House'overruled the then chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means by amending his
resolution in reference to this subject, which was
similar to that which I have offered. Well^ sir,
the House can give any direction they see fit to
this subject, but I conceive that in submitting these
resolutions for the action of this committee, I had
no discretion at all in the matter. I am boundjjy
the rules of the House which have been adopt-
ed for our government, and one of those rules
expressly says that this subject shall go to the
Committee on Roads and Canals. I have pro-
posed, therefore, to give it that direction. If this
committee shall see fit to overrule that rule of the
House—if it shall see fit to adhere to its practice
instead of to its rules, I shall be perfectly content
that the subject should be referred to either com-
mittee. My main purpose in addressing the com-
mittee now is to call their attention to another
subject which is pressing upon Congressfor early
action. I hope that the committee will vote upon
the resolutions which I have submitted,and let us
then pass on to a bill upon which the President
has urged us in his message to take early action.
I allude to the bill which I bad the honor to report
this morning, making an appropriation for the pur-
pose of carrying out the twelfth article of the treaty
between the United States and Mexico.
Mr. STUART, (interposing.) If the gentleman
several topics connected with the message that will
probably give rise to considerable discussion, it
would perhaps be better to lay aside these resolu-
tions for the present, and proceed to the consider-
ation of the bill to which he has referred.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no hesitation in do-
ing that, if it be true, as indicated, that an extend-
ed debate will be likely to grow out of it. I do
hope that the message may be referred, and that
