1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
Survey; and in which New York and Massachu-
setts, and every State which sends ships along the
coast of Maine, is interested almost as much as
Maine itself; and to neglect it now would be to
neglect one of the most important works which
the bill contains.
The other work—the breakwater on Staniford's
Ledge—is an old work, which requires comple-
tion. In its present condition it may be produc-
tive of mischief, because, at the end of the com-
pleted portion of it, a number of rocks have been
submerged, which have been found inconvenient,
being concealed from view to vessels entering the
harbor. The estimate for this work, embodied in
the river and harbor bill of the last Congress, was
$20,000; and I suppose the committee must have
intended to make some appropriation for it this
year. Yet 1 do not see how they intended to di-
vide the sum appropriated between the two works
embraced in the clause; and I do not see how the
Secretary of War is to divide it. I have not time
to examine this subject fully; but it is surely good
policy, in the case of a small work like either of
these, to assign money enough to finish them at
once, and not allow them to drag along for years,
and thus increase the cost by delaying them. I
hope the committee themselves will vote for this
amendment, and that it may be adopted. The
State of Maine has only a small amount in this
bill, at best; but I do not offer to amend the bill
on that account, but because the amendment is
right in itself, and is demanded by the very prin-
ciples upon which the committee have proceeded
in granting this bill.
The question was taken upon Mr. Appleton's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BISSELL. I desire to know whether the
appropriations in this bill for the breakwater at
Richmond Island harbor, and for the repair of the
breakwateratPortland harbor, were recommended
by the Department5
Mr. FULLER. Yes, sir; they have been esti-
mated for.
Mr. BISSELL. I now desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on-Commerce the same
question
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman intends
to submit any remarks, he must first submit his
amendment?
Mr. BISSELL. Very well; I submit the fol-
lowing amendment:
Forthe improvement of the harbor at Waukegan, in the
State of Illinois, $11,000.
I would now, as a preliminary to the few words
I have to say upon this amendment, like to ask
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Puller] again if
the $10,000 appropriated in this bill for a break-
water at Richmond Island harbor, and the repair-
ing the breakwater in the Portland harbor was
recommended by the Department the present ses-
sion of Congress ?
Mr. FULLER. I am not able to answer the
gentleman as to whether this appropriation was
recommended the present session or not. I do
not know.
Mr. BISSELL. I should now like to address
the same question to the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, whether this appro-
priation was recommended by the head of the
proper Department the present session ?
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I will say,
in reply to the gentleman, that there were no
printed estimates sent us for appropriations for
these two works. There was a general item in
those estimates for repairs and improvements
upon the Atlantic coast. We have cut that item
down considerably—it is the last item in the bill
but one—and appropriated §10,000, a portion of
which is to be applied to the breakwater at Port-
land harbor, or so much as may be necessary to
repair that work. So far as the other work is
concerned, we learned, upon consultation at the
Department, that it was a valuable work, and
should be made. There were also numerous me-
morials and petitions upon the subject of con-
structing this worK.
Mr. BISSELL.^ Then, as I understand it,
there were no specific recommendations from the
Department for this particular case.
Mr. FULLER. Then you do not understand
it right. [Laughter.]
Mr. BISSELL. I thought that was what the
gentleman said.
Mr. FULLER. There have been recommend-
ations from the Department for this appropriation,
but I said I did not know whether there were re-
commendations to the present session.
Mr, BISSELL. Then I am to understand that
this appropriation has been recommended by the
Department, but not at this session. Now, here-
tofore it has been a sufficient reason for the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr. Sey-
mour,] and his colleague upon that committee,
[Mr. Fuller,] to reject all amendments when
they could rise and say the appropriation was not
recommended by the Department.
Mr. FULLER. I have made no such state-
ment.
Mr. BISSELL. Then I beg the gentleman's
pardon, and will except him from the charge.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
that the gentleman is not confining his remarks to
the amendment offered by himself. The gentle-
man must restrict his remarks to the explanation
of that amendment.
Mr. BISSELL. I am giving a reason why the
amendment should be adopted. Now, my amend-
ment proposes an appropriation of $11,000 forthe
improvement of the harbor upon Lake Michigan
in Illinois. The Department has at the present
session, m the strongest manner, urged upon the
committee to appropriate $10,000 for that very
harbor in the State of Illinois.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Were they by
printed estimates ?
Mr. BISSELL. No, sir; but by a written letter
did the Department strongly urge upon the com-
mittee to make an appropriation of $10,000 for the
harbor of Waukegan in Illinois. Not only that,
but the last bill, of a similar kind to this, which
passed this House, contained an appropriation of
$10,000 for that harbor. When we attempt to
put upon the bill an amendment of a few hundred
or thousand dollars for any improvement in the
West, the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce is very much in the habit of rising and say-
ing—and I admit the argument is good as far as it
goes—they cannot admit that amendment, because
the Department has not recommended it. Now,
it is admitted right here, upon the spot, that they
have made an appropriation for works which the
Department has made no recommendation for this
session.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Not by me. The
gentleman entirely misunderstands me. I say it
was recommended by the Department.
Mr. BISSELL. There is no misunderstanding
between us. I admit that heretofore such a recom-
mendation may have been made; but this session
no recommendation was made to the committee,
and the committee take the responsibility; and I
do not know but it is right to put in §10,000 for
those two little harbors; but I know, at the same
time, that the Department did strongly urge the
necessity of a harbor at Waukegan, and the com-
mittee rejected it. Now, I hope the House will
hear no more of that argument. I hope this
amendment will be adopted, It is but for $1,000
more than the Department recommended.
Mr. SEYMOUR. The amendment which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] has so
strenuously urged, considering the reference he
has made to the Committee on Commerce, needs
a single word in the way of reply.
The harbor of Waukegan was brought to the
attention of the committee. The friends of the
appropriation brought to us from the Topograph-
ical Bureau a survey of that harbor, estimates,
and a statement that if improvements were made
there, it would make a good harbor; but the com-
mittee declined putting it into the bill, and for this
reason: Chicago is the great center of commerce
for that part of the lakes. We found that Chi-
cago needed an appropriation of a considerable
amount for the repairs of her harbor, although she
had received over $200,000 before for that pur-
pose, and we recommended an appropriation for
Chicago.
j The next large point or center of commerce, as
we proceed northward upon that lake, is Milwau-
1 kie, the great port of Wisconsin, which lies eighty
i or ninety miles, I believe, further north. We
1 recommended a considerable appropriation for
1 that harbor, and it was also recommended by the
Department. Now, between those two large
| points or centers of commerce, it was established
i to the satisfaction of the committee that steamers,
I as well as sail vessels, in passing would need har-
bors of refuge, or at least one harbor of refuge;
and upon the principle we have acted 9 as I stated
in opening this discussion, we recommended ar?
appropriation for a harbor of refuge. Racine and
Southport lay between those two places. Both
have heretofore received appropriations,and works
were in progress, but needed something more to
finish them. Racine, from its position, has a har-
bor which, under certain circumstances connected
with the storms upon the lakes, would answer a
better purpose as a harbor of refuge than any other;
and the committee deemed it for thegenera! inter-
est of commerce that those two harbors between
Chicago and Milwaukie should be completed,
rather that we should make an appropriation for
the commencement of a new work at Waukegan.
There were circumstances arising out of the posi-
tion of Waukegan itself that would render it, in
our opinion, inferior as a harbor of refuge to either
of the others I have referred to. The reason is
this: Waukegan lies upon the dead face of the
lake shore. It has, we understand, no indenta-
tion for a harbor, no river of any size empties in
there; whereas at Racine there rs a river which
helps to form a harbor, and a point of land juts
out into the lake that affords protection from
storms. At Southport, too, there is a small lake
or bayou near the shore, and the improvement
already begun contemplates the use of that bayou
as a harbor of refuge. This work when com-
pleted will form one of the best harbors of that
kind on the lake.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bissell's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SMART offered the following amendment:
For the construction of a breakwater at the mouth of
Rockland harbor, in the State of Maine, $25,000*
Mr. S. said: There has been no estimate sub-
mitted for this appropriation, but I have yet to
learn that we sit here as a House of Representa-
tives, merely to rccord the edicts of a Department.
I think, sir, if I can satisfy gentlemen that this
appropriation ought to be made, that this House
will take the liberty to act, whether the Depart-
ment has acted or not. I wish to say that I have
received a petition, and presented it to this House,
of some eight hundred names, asking for this ap-
propriation. That petition was referred to the
Committee on Commerce. 1 believe no action has
been had upon it by that committee.
I offer this amendment in good faith, and hope
it will pass. I will say to the House, that the
State of Maine has less in this appropriation bill
than almost any other State in the Union. She
has only $16,000 out of an appropriation of
#1,500,000. A fair appropriation would give her
$50,000 out of that sum. I will frankly say, I
cannot vote for a bill so unjust to my State.
To the harbor of Rockland, I desire to call the
attention of gentlemen. Rockland is a commer-
cial and lime-burning town of nearly six thousand
inhabitants, and is one of the most flourishing
towns in Maine. The harbor of Rockland is sit-
uated ori the southwest part of Penobscot Bay,
and is the last town at which vessels touch in pro-
ceeding from the cities and towns on the Penob-
scot Bay and river, on their way to Boston, New
York, and southern ports.
The harbor is now exposed to easterly and
southeasterly storms, by which vessels are often
driven ashore, and great losses sustained. Ships
of the largest size are built at Rockland, and more
lime ia manufactured and exported from this town,
than from any other town in the United States. 1
establish, then, I think, a strong case, and I ask
gentlemen of this committee to decide upon its mer-
its, without regard to thedespoticedicts of the De-
partment. If I can satisfy this House that the
appropriation should be made, I ask the House to
make it, and not go to a Bureau, and ask them for
their opinion. The opinion of this House is worth
something upon a question of this kind, and if I
make out a case demanding the appropriation, I
ask the House to give me this appropriation. I
claim it, in the name of a State that has been dealt
unjustly by in this bill, in my judgment. I claim
it because it is as meritorious a case as can be
found from the $rst line of the bill to the last.
There is another harbor in the district I repre-
sent—the harbor of Searsport—which has better
claims than many that are provided for in this
bill; and if river and harbor bills are to pass, I
hope the citizens of Searsport will forward their
petitions to Congress. The citizens of Rockland
