1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. HOUSTON. It will become due the 30th
of May, 1852.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I understand it will become
due the 1st of May, 1853. So it seems we .are
called on thus urgently to legislate for May, 1853!
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
The indemnity becomes due in 1852. I am sure
I am right in this matter. If the gentleman from
Ohio chooses to do so, he can examine the docu-
ments.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will say that I do not"assert it as certain;
but I am very certain that we legislated for the
payment of the installment due r.ext May near
the close of the last session of Congress. If this
is so, the payment for which we are now urged
to legislate will not fail due till the 30th of May,
1853. I am sure of that.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the message of the Presi-
dent is on the Clerk's table, I must ask that he
will read that part of it which refers to this sub-
ject. But I know the fact, which I have stated, to
be true. I know that there was no law passed the
last session of Congress. There was a bill before
the House during the last session of Congress,
but it failed to become a law. By reference to the
treaty, you will find that the last installment be-
comes clue 30th May, 1852, and no payment is to
be made in 1853.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman move
to lay the resolutions before the committee aside?
Mr. HOUSTON. ] do make that motion.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If the gentleman will per-
mit me. 1 understand that the bill, to which I
have alluded, passed the*House during the last
session, but failed to become a law.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is very necessary that we
should legislate upon this subject as soon as possi-
ble. By our treaty stipulations, we are to make
negotiations for $3,180,000, to be paid m the city
of Mexico by the first of Maj', 1852. I think
the time is already too short. 1 regret that the
proper legislation was not had the last session. I
therefore move that this resolution be laid aside.
The question was then put, and upon division
there were—ayes 95, noes 17; no quorum.
Tellers were demanded and ordered ; and Messrs.
Penn and Breckenridge were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 113, noes not counted.
So the resolution was laid aside.
WORKMEN ON THE CAPITOL.
The CHAIRMAN stated the next business in
order to be a joint resolution providing for con-
tinuing in employment the workmen engaged
. upon the extension of the Capitol.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to lay it aside.
Mr. WALSH. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a single word ? I think there was, at least,
an implied understanding that this business 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
ordered to be laid aside—ayes 72, noes 47.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it competent for me to
move to lay aside all business which takes prece-
dence of that relating to the Mexican indemnity ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not except by unanimous
consent.
No objection was made, and the committee pro-
ceeded to take up and consider the hill to provide
for carrying into execution, in further part, the
12th articlc of the treaty concluded with Mexico
at Gaudahipe Hidalgo. A
Cries of if Read the hill!"
The bill wa$ then read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know that any ex-
planation of this bill is necessary. I will say,
however, that, as the reading of the bill has indi-
cated, its object is to carry into effect the stipula-
tions of the treaty between Mexico and the Uni-
ted States, by which the United States agreed to
pay Mexico $15,000,000. Three millions was
paid upon the ratification of the treaty, and the
remaining §12,000,000 was to be paid in install-
ments of $3,000,0000, annually. According to
the provisions of the treaty each installment car-
ried with it the interest on the whole amount then
due. The first installment which was paid at the
expiration of twelve months after the ratification
of the treaty was $3,720,000 according to the pro-
visions of the treaty, it being $3,000,000, and six
per cent, upon the whole $32,0000,600 then due.
The second payment was $3)000,000, and the in-
terest upon $9,000,000 for twelve months at six
per cent. In that'way payments have been made
until the last installment, which falls due the 30th
of May, 1852, with the interest upon that amount
for twelve months. That is the reason why the
appropriation is for $3,180,000. The $180,000 is
the twelve months interest at six per cent, upon
that $3,000,000. The committee, I have no doubt,
are just as familiar with the whole legislation that
has occurred upon that subject, and of the provi-
sions of the treaty, as I am, or as I can make them.
This is one obligation growing out of the twelfth
article of the treaty, in which we have stipulated
and pledged our faith as a nation, that we will at
certain periods pay certain sums of money to
Mexico, upon the ratification of that treaty.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
how this indemnity is to be paid, and to whom it
is to be paid? I remember that during the last
Congress a payment was made to Mexico through
a certain house, while there was a proposition
submitted—informally, I admit—by which the
Government would have saved from sixty to
eighty thousand dollars. My object now is to
ascertain from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, by whom this money is to be
paid—by what house, or by what concern?
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I am unable
to answer the question of my friend from Vir-
ginia, for the "very good reason that I consider
that it is a subject with which this House and
committee have nothing to do. We are re-
quired 
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, (interposing.) If
the gentleman from Alabama will allow me, I will
take the liberty of answering the question my-
self. I will not consume the time of the House
now, but I wish to say that my colleague is en-
tirely mistaken in the remark lie made, that a
proposition was rejected here which would have
saved the Government a cent.
Mr. McMULLIN. I did not say the propo-
sition was rejected here.
Mr. BAYLY. It was the proposition of Duff
Green to pay three millions and a quarter of dol-
lars, and in that proposition he offered to do it for
one half of one per centum less than anybody
else. The Committee of Ways and Means did
not believe that Duff Green was the man to pay
three and a quarter millions of dollars in the State
of Mexico.
Mr. McMULLIN. I did not state that the
proposition had been rejected. I stated that I
understood there was a house, or an agent, who
would have negotiated this payment, and by that
negotiation the Government would have saved
sixty or eighty thousand dollars; and I under-
stood a house in this city proposed that the Gov-
ernment should not advance anything until they
had absolutely paid over the last dollar required
by the stipulation, and should show to the Gov-
ernment sufficient vouchers from Mexico that the
payment had been made. My object now in
calling the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to this subject is,
that if we can save sixty or eighty thousand dol-
lars by requiring the payment to be made through
some other house than that of Corcoran 4* Riggs,
1 desire the attention of the House to be called to
the fact, with a view of saving that vast amount
of money, and I hope the chairman of that com- |
mittee will give this important view of the sub- j
ject his especial attention.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have nothing to do with !
what was done by the Committee of Ways and j
Means or by the House, at the last session of I
Congress. My opinion is, however, that theCom- |
mittee of Ways and Means of the last Congress, j
if I understand their action, acted as the Commit- !
tee of Ways and Means at this session have done [
and propose to do—and as a matter of course I ;
believe it to be right. - ^ !
It is not our province, Mr. Chairman, to receive |
propositions from Corcoran & Riggs, or Duff j
Green, or anybody else, as to the mode of paying j
this installment. We are called upon to appropri- i
ate the money, but the responsibility rests with the ;
Government of the United States—the present Ad- j
ministration—for its faithful and efficient and prop- .
er payment. We are not called upon to take from
the President his responsibility. We ha\e ours,
which is to make the appropriation, and when we
shall have completed our labors, the matter rests
with him. If he sees., fit to make any negotiation
by which the Government-loses, that is a matter
between him and Congress and the country. His
is the responsibility and not ours. It is.not our
province, as I conceive, to introduce a provision
into this bill by which we should direct the manner
or the agency through which that money should
be paid to Mexico, because by so doing we should,
at once, involve ourselves in all the difficulties and
troubles which may grow out of it. By so doing"
we should make ourselves responsible for any loss
or miscarriage that might occur, and relieve the
President entirely of his responsibility in the dis-
charge of his duties upon this important question.
I believe that it is a matter entirely foreign to our
examination and inquiry here. The question vpre-
sented for the consideration of this committee is,
in the first place, the amount of money due; and if
it be determined that it is due, then what is the
usual mode of action on the part of Congress to
secure its payment. Why, Congress does not
carry on the negotiation, we do not appoint an
agent, we do not say how it shall be paid, but
simply put the money at Che disposal of the Ad-
ministration, and then the power, the duty, the
responsibility all rests with tnem,and not with lis.
There seems to be no difficulty, Mr. Chairman,
unless it may be one which I have endeavored to
show is foreign to our inquiry, and which I hope
will be kept out of this discussion entirely.
Cries, "Question !" "Question !"
Mr. BAYLY of Virginia. I have no disposition
to say anything upon this subject, if there is a
disposition to pass this bill.
Cries, " Let us pass the bill!" "Let us pass the
bill !*'
Mr, KING, of New York. There is a point in
controversy, as to the expense of making the pay-
ment of the last installment to Mexico. It is
charged that the expense was increased by making
the payment through the Secretary of State, in-
stead of the Secretary of the Treasury, and it is
upon that point that the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] proposes to make an explanation,
as chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means of the last Congress.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope my colleague will
postpone his remarks until morning. It is getting
late, and I should like to have time to look into
this measure.
Air. BAYLY. I have but oneobjection to this,
and it is, that I dislike to have a speech upon my
mmd worse than anything else m the world.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman must per-
ceive the great difficulty in reaching this bill in the
morning. We shall then have to go through half
a dozen other matters to get at it again.
Mr. BAYLY. I think the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is right. I think this
bill should pass to-day. I will, in a few words,
explain precisely the action of the Committee of
Ways and Means of the last Congress upon this
subject. In the first place that committee, at the
last Congress, came to the same conclusion unan-
imously which it has come to at this; and that is
that the payment of this indemnity was an execu-
tive and not a legislative duty. We were then of
opinion that when Congress had appropriated the
money to make this payment, our functions were
at an end, and that the payment of this money
was an executive duty.
We believed, as the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means has informed us that the
present committee believe, that we ought not to
take the responsibility of managing the mode of
this pavment, when we could not have any con-
trol over it. We did not think it was expedient
for this House to assume a responsibility when it
would have no control of the subject. Well, sir,
for these reasons we reported a bill, which was
precisely the bill now before us, with the excep-
tion of the sum appropriated. There were a par-
cel of speculators here, who put out pamphlets in
reference to this matter, filled with misstatements.
They succeeded in making an impression upon
members of this House, and when we got before
it we had a very long debate, which is reported in
the Congressional Globe.
Amongst other points which were made was the
point to which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Kixg] has referred—that the payment of this in-
demnity, which under Mr. Polk's administration
had been made by the Secielary of the Treasury,
had been taken by General Taylor's admmistra
