216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury and con-
ferred upon the Secretary of State. 1 informed
the House at the last Congress of the reasons of
this-transfer. So far from either of these officers
desiring to have the charge of this payment, Mr.
Meredith, at that time Secretary of the Treasury,
insisted that it belonged to Mr. Clayton, and Mr.
Clayton insisted that it belonged to the Secretary
of the Treasury, each one wishing to escape the
trouble and calumny they knew they would in-
volve themselves in in making this payment. The
officer to make the arrangement was made, as I
was authorized to state upon this floor, a matter
of Cabinet consultation; when the Cabinet of Gen-
eral Taylor decided, that inasmuch as it referred to
our foreign relations; as it was a matter connected
with a foreign nation, it properly belonged to the
State Department, and not to the Treasury; that
although it was a payment of a sum of money,
yet if the Secretary of the Treasury had the man-
agement of the matter, he must have communi-
cated through the Secretary of State, because he
was the one that conducts all business with foreign
nations. These were the reasons that induced the
Cabinet of General Taylor to decide that the State
Department was the one to make this negotiation.
Well, sir, General Taylor died. The present
Administration came m when the affair stood in
that plight, and Mr. Fillmore's administration de-
termined to carry out, or rather to adhere, to the
decision which General Taylor's administration
had made, and Mr. Webster made a contract with
Messrs. Corcoran & Riggs, Howland & Aspin-
wall, and Baring Brothers, to make this payment.
They agreed to give three and a half per cent, to
the Government for the privilege of making it.
The proposition which was made by Green and
his associates was to give four per cent. The de-
bate upon that matter—I have not recurred to it,
as I did not anticipate that this bill would be
brought up to-day—but the debate will show that
1 demonstrated upon that occasion that the propo-
sition of Corcoran & Riggs was the better prop-
osition for this Government of the two in a pe-
cuniary point of view, even supposing that DufF
Green and his associates had'been the proper per-
sons to intrust with this business.
But I was authorized by Mr. Webster to say,
that no matter what had been offered by Green
and his associates—if it had been twenty per
cent.—he should not have contracted with ihem
in reference to the subject. I showed, too, that
the arrangement the Administration made was, at
least, as good a one as that of Mr. Walker's; and
I believe, after a thorough investigation of the
whole subject, that the conduct of the Adminis-
tion m this matter had been fair—that there had
been nothing exceptionable in it. That was the
unanimous opinion of the Committee of Ways
and Means. The matter was discussed in this
House for several days, and the Committee of
Ways and Means were sustained by a vote, I
think, of two or three to one. The bill was
carried to the Senate, where this whole discussion
was renewed, and after full debate there, the bill
which we sent there from this House was passed
by an overwhelming majority. For (he part I
acted upon that occasion, in sustaining an arrange-
ment which I thought was a judicious one, for
reasons I have assigned at length in the debates
at the last Congress, I have paid the usual pen-
alty. A little sheet published in this city—The
Telegraph—edited by one of the disappointed con-
tractors, (Duff Green,) has been maligning and
traducing me from that time to the present mo-
ment. I will tell my friend from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] that he has not a conception of the
number of insidious enemies he will have at the
end of this Congress; for every man who hps a
scheme to plunder the Treasury—which it will be
his duty to defeat—will recollect it as long as he
lives, and they will use every opportunity of
making him feel, as far as they can do, that it is
remembered. But they will conceal the ground
of their enmity. This is not the only case. I
have referred to it especially, because I notice that
some of the papers, from whom better things
might be expected, copy these attacks, without
knowing the source whence they emanate. This
is not the only case I have traced to the manner
in which I discharged my duty as chairman of
that committee at the last Congress, of the most
inveterate enmity any man ever had to encounter.
I do not wish to go into this matter. If there is
any gentleman who wishes to be informed on any-
thing connected with the conduct of the commit-
tee at the last session, 1 am prepared to inform
him. It was precisely that of the Committee of
Ways and Means this session.
Mr. HIBBARD. One word upon this subject,
and but a word. I concur fully .with what has
been said by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Houston] and the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] with regard
to the expediency of this House taking into con-
sideration offers that any individual or firm may
make for the payment of this money. It is with
the Executive power solely and particularly. It
belongs to them by law; and the responsibility is
with them. If they do wrong, with them is^the
blame. There is no good reason, in my mind,
for our entering into the consideration of the offers
individuals may make, or may have made. Now,
as to the history of the transactions in this House
at the last session with regard to the same bill. 1
uuderstand the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] to say there was an offer from Duff Green
to negotiate the payment of this indemnity at one
half per cent, less than those ma'de by others. It
was disregarded, as I understand the then chair-
man, by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and by the House. Their action was based upon
two grounds: one was, which has been referred to
here, that it was not a matter properly coming
within their jurisdiction; and another very good
ground was, the general apprehension that it was
not a responsible offer—a statement which, prob-
ably, might with safety be made. There*, was,
however, another proposition made before the
House and before the Committee of the Whole,
by the firm of Rothschild, through their agent,
Mr. Belmont, of New York, to negotiate the pay-
ment of this same installment at a rate materially
less than that offered by the house of Barings—for
it was virtually by the Barings, though 1 do not
know in what name it was made—one half per
cent. less. I think the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] will concur with me in this; and allow
me to say, Mr. Chairman, that some proposition
from the Rothschilds, through an agent author-
ized by them, to the Department of State, ap-
peared before the Committee of Ways and Means,
and I think before the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BAYLY. With the gentleman's permis-
sion. The offer of the Rothschilds, as I have
shown on the occasion of the debate at the last
session, was one that was inadmissible, inasmuch
as it conflicted with the treaty. The debate will
show it. I know the fact, that I satisfied the
House they could not accept that offer without the
negotiation of a new treaty.
Mr. HIBBARD. I do not make these state-
ments with any view of expressing a different
opinion touching the propriety of the action of the
House. Thus much, I think, was apparent, that
if the committee, or the House, had accepted the
offer of the Rothschilds, the responsibility would
have been upon the House, haa there been any
miscarriage. I do think such was the responsi-
bility of the firm of Rothschilds, that no danger
could have been incurred by the Department, had
they accepted the offer of that house. I agreed in
the conclusion the House came to, that it was in-
expedient for the House to listen to the proposi-
tions. I was not so clearly satisfied as was the
distinguished gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bay-
ly,] as to the propriety of the action of the De-
partment upon that question. I was not satisfied
that the Department of State could not with safety
and with propriety have accepted the offer of the
Rothschilds, because it was the first banking-
house in the world—as responsible surely as that
of the house of the Barings. I thought then, and
I think now, that the offer might have been ac-
II cepted without any additional increase of liability.
'I I will not take up time with going into my reasons
ll for that belief. I was a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means, at the last session, and I
was not satisfied that the action of the Department
was clear upon this subject. It may have been as
the gentleman from Virginia states. If it was so,
well; but if there was fault—if there was blame—
if there was an offer equally responsible that
might have been accepted, saving to the Union
from sixty to one hundred thousand dollars in the
negotiation for the payment of the installment, let
the responsibility lie at the door where it belongs:
at that of the Department of State and the Admin-
istration. I repeat, that I am not in favor of the
House taking into consideration these negotiations
for payment which do hot belong to them. The
rules prescribe our duties, and if we enter into the
consideration of the subject, we should transcend
our duties. I hope the bill will pass as it now is,
and with these remarks I take my seat.
Mr. McMULLlN. I did not expect when I
propounded the interrogatory to the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] that it would
lead to this debate I am now satisfied that the
House ought to take a little more time for deliber-
ation before they pass this bill. This bill was
reported to-day, and I believe it has not been usual
to pass bills through the House upon the same
day they are introduced. There is ample time for
the House to give it that consideration which its
importance demands. I am inclined to the posi-
tion assumed by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston,] my col-
league, [Mr. Bayly,] and the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard,] that the provision for
the payment of this money belongs to the Execu-
tive Department. It is true there has been a loss
to the Government in the payment of the last in-
stallment of the indemnity of some sixty or eighty
thousand of dollars. I ask of this House whether
it is not worth while to stop and pause a moment
to look into this matter. I tell the House and the
country I am informed—not by a published pam-
phlet—directly by a gentleman, that he would
engage the payment of the installment at one half
per cent, less than it was negotiated by the Execu-
tive and the Secretary*^ State.
Mr. BOCOCK. I think it is perfectly evident
this subject cannot be completed to-day, and with
the consent of my colleague I will move that the
committee rise.
The question was put and agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Jones] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and partic-
ularly House bill No. 46, providing for carrying
into execution in further part the 12th article of
the treaty concluded with Mexico at Guadalupe
Hidalgo, but had come to no conclusion thereon.
On motion by Mr. BRIGGS, the House then
adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
By Mr. DOTY: A bill to grant a certain quantity ofland
to aid in the construction of a railroad from Manitowoc to
the Mississippi river.
Also, a bill making a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of a plank or otbei road from the United States-
military road, between FortHoward and Fort Crawford, to
Fort Wilkins.
Also, a bill to provide for the completion of certain mil-
itary roads in Wisconsin.
Also, a bill to giant the right of preemption for the term
of two years from the notice of sale, to settlers on that por-
tion of the public lands m Wisconsin Known as> the "Ma*
nomonee Tract."
PETITIONS, kc.
The following petitions, memorials, fee., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appiopnate committees:
By Mr. CABELL : The memorials of Tlufii« Ballard and
Samuel Bray, keepers of light-houses near Apalaehieola.
By Mr. HASCALL : The petmon of Jacob Coe, of
Michigan, for compensation for property lost m the late
war with Great Britain.
By Mr. FLORENCE : The petition of a numbei of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying that a hundred and sixty
acres of bounty land may be granted to soldiers of the war
of 1812, &c.
Also, the petitiWof Sophia Anderson, of Philadelphia,
praying for a pension.
By Mr. CABELL: The memorial of M. Carrington
Watkins, a lieutenantin the Navy, asking an appropriation
for the exploration of the interior of Africa.
By Mi. DIMMICK : The petition of N. B. Eldred, and
24 other citizens of Wayne county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for an appropiiation sufficient to meet the expenses
necessanly incurred by the contributors of article* from
this country to the Croat Indus-trial Exhibition at London.
By Mr. SCUPDER: The petition of Uuah Havves and
145 others, citizens of Massachusetts, for the erection of a
breakwater at Dennis, m Barnstable bay.
By Mr. SWEETSER: The memorial of C. W. Jay and
21 others, citizens ot Tienton, New Jersey, asking"Con-
gress to pass a law requiring the "Mim>teis of the
despotic Governments of Europe to reside, during their
official term, at a distance of at least one hundred miles
from the seat of Government during the .session of Con-
gress."
By Mr. HENN: The petition of Joseph Rroket and
66 others, citizens of Marion county. Iowa, asking for
tile establishment of a mail route from O*kaloo*a, via
Knoxville, the county seat of Marion county, and Indian-
ola, the county seat of Warren county, to Wmterset, tho
