1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1998
creased, there shall be no appropriation, and no
erection of this sea-wall. Now, I submit that this
amendment stands better than any of those which
have been voted down, and thai it stands equal to
any of the few amendments which have been sus-
tained by this committee. I hope that gentlemen
will not vote it down, because they have got into
the habit of voting down all amendments, but that
they will grant us this little sum, which is less
than our State ought to receive in the way of im-
provements. I state that in one day, no less than
three vessels went ashore in consequence of the
want of this improvement, which may be given
us for the sum of $20,000.
The question was then taken on Mr. Tuck's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. DISNEY. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SCUDDER. I offer the following as an
amendment to the bill:
For the impioveinisnt of the harbor of New Bedford,
Massachusetts ,^10,000.
Mr. S. said: Mr. Chairman, we have sat and
beard patiently the numerous propositions and ar-
guments upon this bill from the western gentlemen,
and I hope that New England will be heard in the
same manner upon the points of imperfection
which they may wish to point outand amend.
Sir, 1 hope this amendment will prevail. It is
for the purpose of improving a very important
harbor inffew England—the harbor of New Bed-
ford—one, perhaps, of the most importance in
Massachusetts. In view of the whaling interest,
there is no place in the United States, if in the
world, that excels it.
The men and capital engaged in this department
of industry, and which make this harbor then-
post, constitute more than one half of the whole
so engaged in the United States. One half of all
the oil and whalebone of the country is obtained
by these ships. The number of ships, including
a few smaller vessels, is about three hundred and
thirty-one. Arrivals and departures of these ships
are occuring daily at almost all seasons of the
year. The object of this appropriation is to im-
prove their harbor, so that their loaded ships may
' enter and depart without detention. I am in-
formed that the harbor is so shallow that it is
very difficult for loaded ships to approach the city
or landings at ordinary tides, without being light-
ened; and that it is so narrow by reason of bars
and flats that ships cannot move in and out con-
veniently without getting aground on one side or |j harbor?
Massachusetts, situated at the head waters of the
eastern arm of the Narragansett Bay, is an im-
portant harbor. A large amount of merchandise
is constantly passing in and out of that harbor.
If a moderate amount of money were expended in
the removal of rocks and shoals, that merchandise
might be transported safely in vessels of a much
larger size than can be employed at present. The
necessary improvements can be made in a manner
to secure permanent benefits to an enterprising
community, whose business is connected not only
with all parts of New England, butwith the whole
country—1 may say, with every country on the
globe. The eastern branch of the navigable wa-
tersof the Narragansett Bay, at thehead of which
stands the beautiful and thriving village of Taun-
ton, m the rapid piogress of commercial enter-
prise, has become a thoroughfare for a large
amount of domestic and foreign merchandise.
The amount of mercantile and manufacturing
business done on that branch of the bay within
the State of Massachusetts is exceeded but by
few northern ports. I will mention a few items
of merchandise transported upon these waters
yearly: 500,000 bushels of grain; 50,000 tons of
coal; 25,000 tons of it on; 20,(100,000 feet of lum-
ber; 100,000 casks of nails; 50,000 barrels of
flour; 10,000 casks of lime; 6,000,000 bricks-,
10,000 dozen of shovels, spades, and forks; 10,000
bales of cotton; 200,000 pieces of cotton and cal-
ico goods; 50 toils of anchors; 700 packages of
Brittama ware; 40.tons block tin; 1,000 tons of
provisions; besides numerous other articles. The
aggregate amount ot tonnage of the United States
is=3,772,000 tons. The tonnage of Massachusetts
is about 700,000 tons—greater than that ot any
State except New York. Massachusetts owns
nearly one fifth of our whole tonnage, and she
should by no means be overlooked. 1 hope this
amendment will be sustained.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, demanded tellers
on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fowler and
Cartter were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—-ayes 44, noes 74.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The following section of the bill was then read:
"For the further improvement of the Jimbor of New
York, by the iciuuval ot the locks at Hellgatc, $20,000."
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I wish to inquire of
I the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
i whether these rocks at Hellgate are in New York
the other. Private industry and contribution have
clone much towards removing these obstacles, but
they would be too onerous to the citizens if borne
to the extent which would be necessary to render
the facilities which are required. It is of general
importance to the commerce of the country that
this harbor should be deepened, and I now press
it upon the attention of this committee.
I do not intend to censure the Committee on
Commerce, as others have done, for leaving this
and other appropriations out of their bill. I doubt
not they have acted according to their best judg-
ment; but I differ from them, and hope the amend-
ment which I have now offered to thein will be
adopted.
The question was then taken on Mr. Scudder s
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WARD moved that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. FOWLER offered the following amend-
ment to the bill:
Forsuiveymg the entrance to Taunton harbor, Massa-
chusetts with leference to its improvement, St'L.oOO.
Mr. F. said: 1 am in favor of improving the
harbors and navigable rivers of the country. I
would make these improvements in the West, in
the East, in the South, in the North. On this
subject I am ready to shake hands with the friends
of internal improvements across the Allegany,
across the Rocky Mountains. The bill now be-
fore us proposes to save men's lives, to save their
property, to promote the wealth, prosperity, and
happiness of the whole people. Imperfect as this
bill is, I will go for it; but I am anxious to im-
prove it by the addition of items that ought not
to have been omitted. Among the omissions is
Taunton harbor. This item was in the bill passed
by this House last year, and ought, most assur-
edly, to be in this bill. The harbor of Taunton,
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
make the inquiry, unless he makes an amendment
to which it will be peitinent.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 do not wish to
make any remarks. I only wish to make the in-
quiry for information.
The CHAIR-MAN. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then I move to
strike out the appropriation, for the puipose of
giving the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce an opportunity to reply.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I shall be happy to respond
to the gentleman's inquiry, but I do not under-
stand it perfectly.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I want to know
whether these rocks at Hellgate are in the New
I Yoik harbor?
j Mr. SEYMOUR. They are.
| Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. How far are they
i from the Battery'
I Mr. SEYMOUR.. It is in the East river, near
' where it empties into the harbor of New York,
' and unites with the Harlem, a small river, coming
| from the North river.
i Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask the chairman
j of the Committee on Commerce whether these
1 rocks are not seven miles from the Battery ?
Mr. SEYMOUR. No, sir; I do not think it
is three miles. It is known to all navigators in
i that part of the country. It has been excavated,
; in part, by a French engineer. This is designed
; to remove the remaining portion, which I have no
r doubt it will.
The question was taken on Mr. Breckinridge s
■ amendment; and it was not agreed to.
! Mr. FOWLER, offered the following amend-
ment: , ,
Foi surveying the entrance to Taunton harbor, Massa-
chusetts, vvitli inference to its improvement, $l,20o.
Mr. P. said: Mr. Chairman, I perhaps made a
mistake when I was up before. I asked for §1,500,
but the House could not go so large a sum.
Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. FOWLER. I perceive the item just read
in the bill, of §1,200 for the survey of the harbor
of Port Jefferson, New York, with reference to
its improvement passed unanimously. Now, I
insert &1,200 for the improvement, of this port,
and I hope the committee will also pass this. It
is not necessary to say another word in reference
to it.
The question being upon Mr. Fowler s amend-
ment,
Mr. FOWLER demanded tellers; butthey were
not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. GREEN offered the following amendment:
For the impiovement of the haibor at Port Clinton, on
Lake Eric, $10,000.
Mr. Chairman, I offered an amendment a few
days since for the removal of the bar at the mouth
of the Sandusky river, which the committee re-
jected, although it will not be denied that it is
a work of as much if not move merit than many
of the appropriations contained in the bill now
under consideration. It is of vast importance to
the commercial interests of a large section of the
northwestern part of the State which I in part
have the honor of representing on this floor—a
portion of the State whose interests have been
heretofore entirely neglected. The amendment
then offered, as well as the present one, is free
from the objections made by the chairman and
other members of the Committee on Commerce
j to almost every amendment that has been offered
to this bill, that no survey and estimates had been
made by the proper officers of the Government.
1 have now before me, Mr. Chairman, the sur-
vey and estimates for making these two improve-
ments, made by authority of Congress by the
United States Topographical Engineers, showing
the necessity arid the practicability of thewoik at
a moderate expense compared to their importance
when completed. This report and estimates have
been before the Committee on Commerce since the
commencement of the present session of Congress,
and I am afraid that they have been entirely over-
looked by that committee, or that they have not
received that attention which their importance de-
manded at their hands, or they would undoubtedly
have placed them both, or one, at least, in the
present bill.
The amendment I have just offered, Mr. Chair-
man, proposes the sum of §10,000 for the improve-
ment of the harbor at Port Clinton, on Lake Erie,
not so much on account of the local commerce of
that place at present, for the country back of it is
comparatively new, but filling up rapidly with a
hardy and industrious population, who will com-
pare in intelligence and energy With any portion
of the Union, and who are rapidly developing the
vast agricultural resources of that rich and fertile
country which but a few years since was a wilder-
ness. I say, sir, that it is not on account alone
of the local commerce, but as a harbor of refuge
for the protection of the general commerce of all
the northern lakes, the extent and importance of
which no gentleman in this House can be igno-
'"it"will not be overlooked, Mr. Chairman, by
the people interested in the improvement of the
I western lakes and rivers, that m the formation of
j tlus Committee on commerce not one single mem-
ber of this House in the least interested in the
[ commerce of the northern lakes or the great valley
! of the Mississippi has been placed upon that
j committee. The majority of them have no per-
I sonal knowledge of the wants and interests of the
i West. It cannot, therefore, be expected that its
! interests should find that favor m the opinion of
i the committee necessary to protect the lives and
! property of its citizens. The West has nothing
] to hope for from Congress until western men shall
i exercise the power they have in this House, and
I demand from this Government at least an equal
share in the distribution of the general fund for
the general welfare.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I now desire to offer, as an
amendment, a section which was in the bill of the
last session. 1 offer the following:
