1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
county seat of Madison county, and for semi-weekly ser-
vice in two-horse coaches thereon.
Also, the petition of Aaron S. Johns, of Polk county,
Iowa, asking for a law authorizing the correction of
an error in the location of a military bounty land warrant.
By Mr. HA3CALL: The petition of Jacob Coe, of Mi-
chfgan, for compensation for property lost in the late war
with Gieat Britain.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of John Madeira, and
65 other citizens of Pope county, Ohio, praying Congress
to extend the time for locating Virginia military land war-
rants iri the Virginia Military District, m the State of Ohio.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of Betsey Whipple and
Calvin Whipple, praying for leave to surrender patents for
lands in Aikansas, and take other land.
By Mr. PERKINS: The petition of Selden Brown, of
Marlow, New Hampshire, asking for relief. ^
By Mr. MILLSON: The petition of Ro. Owens, assing
the difference of pay between that of a chief boatswain's
mate and a boatswain.
Also, the petition of Solomon Cherry, asking a pension,
ou account of Inability from wounds received in the mili-
tary seivice of tho United States during the last war with
Great Britain.
By Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts: The petition of Man-
eon, Brothers, and others, of New York, that an appropri-
ation be made reimburse advances made by Goorge
Peabody, Esq., and others, lor the piotectionof American
interests at the World's Exhibition.
By Mr. FOWLER. The petition of Wm. A. Crocker,
and 30 other citizens of Jaunton, Massachusetts, praying
that a sura be appropriated sufficient to defray their un-
avoidable expenses in preparing their goods for exhibition
at the Crystal Palace, in London.
By Mr. WE1GHTMAN: The memorial of a citizen of
New Mexico, piaying the enactment of a law authorizing
the Governor of the Teintoiy of New Mexico to call one
extra session of the Legislative Assembly of said Terri-
tory.
By Mr. HAVEN: The petition of O. B. Evans, of Buf-
falo, New York, asking that Congress appropriate money
to pay the charges on goods sent to the World's Fair.
Also, the petition of W. D. Allen, and 90 other citizens
of Buffalo, New Yoik, asking Congiess to make suitable
provisions for extending a telegraph from Fort Independ-
ence to the Pacific, by the passage of a law that will pro-
tect and encourage.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth E. N. Field, of Milton,
Massachusetts, widow of the late Captain George P. Field,
for a continuance of her pension.
By Mr. FITCH: The memorial ofThompson Barnet, of
Indiana, asking compensation for services in transportation
of mail.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: Thememorial of Hon. Charles J.
Ingersoll, of Philadelphia, in relation to a claim for contest-
ing his seat in Congress.
By Mi. KUHNS: The petition of Samuel Slick, (not the
veritable Sam Slick, of Slicksburg, down East, but) of
Bedford county, Pennsylvania, the son of a revolutionary
sire, praying for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 7, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WADE presented the memorial of Daniel
Slack, representing that there is a variance between
the awards made on his claim by the two Boards
of Commissioners for the settlement of claims of
American citizens against Mexico, and asking the-
payment of the difference of awards.
Also, one of a similar character from Johnson
H. Alford, by his administrator Henry P. Bates;
both of which were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. GEYER piesented the memorial of Mary
S. Wetmore, widow of the late Major Alphonso
Wetmore, of the United States Army, praying a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. G. I present the petition of Richard B.
Lee, an officer in the Army, praying to be allowed
the amount of public funds stolen from him, and
which he repaia to the United States.
The memorialist states that he was ordered by
the commander to proceed to the S&ndwjch Islands
and purchase supplies for that portion of the army
which was in California and Oregon; that on his
return he employed a vessel which was chartered
by an individual who was in control of it. Pie
further states that he deposited eleven hundred dol-
lars with the charterer, and took a bill of lading.
On his arrival at San Francisco, this money had
been taken on shore and deposited with some
merchants there. !t appears, however, that this
money was appropriated to the payment of the
debts of this individual. He absconded, was pur-
sued, overtaken, and searched, but no money was
found. The major being without remedy against
the general orders, sought relief by attaching the
vessel, in which, however, he failed, this being
before the admission of California as a State, and
there being no tribunal there by which a specific
remedy against the vessel could beenforced. Under
these circumstances he felt obliged to make good
the money; and he now prays the action of Con-
gress for his relief. I move the reference of the
memorial and the accompanying documents to the
Committee of Claims.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of citi-
zens of Boston, Massachusetts, praying that the
expenses incurred, by American contributors at
the "World's Fair in London may be defrayed by
Congress; which was referred to the Conmittee of
Claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
Benjamin Holbrook, and the memorial of Char-
lotte B. Holtz, administratrix of Peter Holtz,
praying the appointment of a Board to review the
decision of the late Board of Commissioners for
settling claims against Mexico; which were or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Charles
Uhde & Co., praying the return of duties paid on
certain cotton goods shipped by them at New Or-
leans for Point Isabel, in Texas, and lost at sea;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of the heirs
of Charles Oakley, praying compensation for the
services of said Oakley in the revolutionary war;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Also, a memorial of theheirs of Jacob Latting,
praying indemnity for spoliations by the French
prior to 1801; which was referred to the select
committee appointed on the subject.
Also, a letter from the Mayorof the city of New
York, communicating a resolution of the Board of
Aldermen and Assistants, tendering to the United
States a plat of land within that city for the erec-
tion of a Mint; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition of citizens of
Caldwell Parish, Louisiana, residing on the " Mai-
son Rouge Grant," praying an amendment of the
late act of Congress for the relief of purchasers of
land in that grant: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Also, the petition of Evariste Blanc, praying the
confirmation of his title to a certain tract of land;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of L. M.
Goldsborough, S. J. Yan Brunt, and S. F. Blunt,
naval officers, praying additional compensation for
services on special duty to California and Oregon;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a memorial of the
First Christian and Orchard Parties of Oneida In-
dians, asking interest on certain moneys improp-
erly withheld from them after the same became
due; which was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
CUBAN EXPATRIATED INVADERS.
Mr CLEMEN'S. Mr. President, I desire to
present a petition, which I will ask the Secretary
to read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the President and members of the Senate, and the
Speaker and members of the House of Representatives
of the Congress of the United States:
Gentlemcn: Your petitioner, a resident citizen of the
citv ot New Orleans, m the vState of Louisiana, most re-
spectfully beg* leave to represent, that, on the 3d day of
August last, lie, in company with 434 associates, embarked
on board the steamship Pampero, for the Inland of Cuba,
with the only and openly avowed intention of joining the
Creole population tor the purpose, and that alone, of aiding
and assisting them in the contest which we were fully con-
vinced had then commenced for the overthrow of the Span-
ish authorities there, and the establishing m their stead
republican institutions similar in all respacis to those gov-
erning om own highly-favored and prospeious country: and
in furtbeiance of their wishes, a debarkation of our force
was effected on the Wand on the night ot the 11th andl3r.li
of the same month, between the hours of 11 and 3 o'clock ;
but, after undergoing privations and hardships well calcu-
lated to appal as well as to demoializo the stoutest and
puiest heatt, without the commission of a single outrage
either public or private which can cause the blush of shame
to mantle the cheek, or the breath of detraction to justly
sully the soldier's escutcheon with the taint of dishonor,
and the having been engaged in several Very hotly contested
battles with her tspanis-h Majesty's troops, your petitioner,
with the entire force under his command, was entirely cut
to pieces, or dispersed, rendered fugitive and finally cap-
tured and conveyed to Havana as prisoners, where 160 to
173 of the number were, by order of his Excellency the
Captain General, Concha, condemned a^ public malefactors
to ten years' servitude in the fortress of Cento, and were
bv htm*sent to Spain to undergo the infliction of the pun-
ishment decreed; but, through the exercise of the high pre-
rogative of the pardoning power vested in her hand, her
Catholic Majesty, the Q,ueen of Spain, has deemed it both
merciful, politic, and wise, to commute the sentence of -
punishment, to knock the shackles from the bound, and to
set the prisoners free.
Therefore, with a full knowledge of the destitute situ-
ation of these brave and gallant, but unfortunate men, (the
most of whom are known to be gentlemen in their own in-
dividual personal right, and of highly reputable relationship
in the United States,) and in view of that devotion-to lib-
eral republican principles by them herein exhibited, and of
the action of your honorable bodies in behalf of refugees
driven from their homes on the continent of Europe incon-
sequence of similar espousals of the cause of liberty, your
petitioner does most earnestly and urgently pray tne ta-.
king such immediate steps by your honorable bodies as will
authorize and command the Executive head of the nation
to lurnish a vessel with all necessary supplies for the trans-
portation,in comfort and health, of these pardoned and re-
leased soldiers of liberty's army back to the shores of their
own free and happy laud; for which your petitioner in all
good faith, muft ever pray. WM. SCOTT HAYNES.
Washington, D. C., January o, 1852.
On motion of Mr. CLEMENS, the memorial
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
RECONSIDERATION OF VOTE.
Mr. BRIGHT. Yesterday the Senate passed
a bill entitled " An act granting; a pension to Sally
T. Floyd, widow of Lieutenant George R. C.
Floyd." I see that the bill was introduced by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Under-
wood.] Asa general rule, I should defer greatly
to his judgment in such matters, but on looking
over the papers of this morning-, particularly .with
reference to this bill, I find that it contains what I
consider a dangerous principle—the granting of a
pension to the widow of an officer who diea out-
side of the service. I desire to move the reconsid-
eration of the vote by which this bill was passed;
and as I observe that the Senator is not in his seat,
I will make the motion, and consent that it lie on
the table till I may have an opportunity to examine
the papers relating to the subject.
The motion was accordingly laid on the table.
-PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. GEYER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of Herman
Blannerhasset, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition ofEhzaM Evans, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That the petition ot Wilham<Mil)cr, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Pensions be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition ef Mira M.
Alexander, and that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. PRATT. My attention has been called to a
memorial of citizens of the District of Columbia,
which is on the files of the Senate, praying that
the United States may purchase a portion of the
Columbia Turnpike Road, which is in the District
of Columbia, so that it may be made free.
The Senate are aware that the Government have
built a bridge across the Potomac river, now con-
necting the District with the State of Virginia.
Senators are also aware that we have purchased
the bridges across the Eastern Branch, thus con-
necting the District with the State of Maryland.
I believe that this turnpike road is the only thor-
oughfare through the District which may not
now be traveled free of expense. I move that
the memorial be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and I hope they will give it their early
attention.
The memorial was accordingly so referred.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. CLEMENS gave notice that he should ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Thomas
Snodgrass.
Mr. FISH gave notice that he should ask leave
to introduce a biil to increase the salary of the
judge of the United States district court for the
southern district of Florida.
Mr. PEARCE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Sarah
E. McKay, widow of Lieutenant-Colonel Mc-
Kay.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BERRIEN, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill to pro-
vide for the removal of obstructions in the river
J
