1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
It is at the mouth of two large rivers, where agents j
and messengers can be sent north and south, at >
any time. It is remote from all the towns, and is '
cut oif by the bay from S.ui Francisco, Benicia, ■
and all those places where the Indians can get ;
liquor, and become dissipated. I
Mr. CASS. The question, to my mind, is about '
expending so large a sum of money for so tempo- j
rary a purpose. It seems to me impossible that 1
that can long be a station for the Indians. In a |
very short time, perhaps, they will pass away i
from there; and, therefore, I duubt theexpedieney j
of appropriating so large a sum for so temporary ■
a purpose. ;
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator is right, when j
he says they will soon pass away. i
Mr. CASS. By their passing away, I mean j
going from the white settlements. i
Mr. GWIN. There is a vast number of In- !
dians m that country. Their number is variously
estimated at from fifty thousand to seventy-five
thousand. The point of which I have spoken is
the most convenient to have communications with
all the Indians. It is the very best place winch can
be selected. These rivers are well known to those
acquainted with the geography of the country.
One runs north, and the other south, and they
come together at this particular point, and enter
the Suisun bay. The Indians are on the sources
of these rivers, and up and down the Pacific coast,
which makes this location a very favorable one.
It is said that this must be a temporary estab-
lishment. Why, the superintendency in Missouri
has been m existence for thirty years, although
the Indians are passing away from that locality m
a great degree. I am perfectly confident that their
buildings ouurht to be made permanent, and that
this appropriation ought to pass now, in order that
the superintendent may be enabled to bring the
Indian chiefs around him, to get them accustomed
to the habits of our people.
Mr. CASS. I doubt the expediency of bring-
ing the Indians there, at all. _ My experience has
led me to doubt the expediency of holding out
inducements for them to come within the white
settlements. I doubt whether it does any good.
If these Indians have any business to do, they
always have some of their principal men to do it.
I doubt very much the expediency of bringing
large bodies of them in contact with the whites. I
do "not see any advantage to be gained by it; and 1
I can see manifest injury which might be accom- j
phshed. . ,
Mr. GWIN. It is not intended to bring large ;
bodies of Indians to the superintendency, but ,
merely to bring the principal men, who are to ,
have intercourse with the superintendent. There j
are superintendences established on a similar prin- ]
oipie in other parts of the country. I am just ,
informed that theSuperintendentof Indian Affairs ,
in Missouri has intercourse with Indians to the
lloeky Mountains; but yet he has an office in St.
Louis. I have said before, that the position which ■
I have indicated3 is the most convenient position
in the State. I think, when located there, the
buildings ought to be permanent. Unless you |
make this appropriation, the superintendent will
be forced to go into the towns and hire houses. !
Mr. ATCHISON. I do not know whether the
you pass this year an appropriation of $17,000 to i1
ouiid a house, next year you wili have to make :
an appropriation of ^17,0UU more for lurmslnng 1
it; and we shall have to make an additional ap-
propnaUon every year for lurmture. I have had
occasion to Iook; at the estimates, on winch are
supposed to be founded the autnouty ior buying
furniture, and i find that they are very indefinite
indeed. The furnishing ot houses comes m under
the head of " contingent expenses,"as "furniture
for Government houses," without telling what
they are. I am perfectly willing to give to Call- j
forma everything she wants; but I do not want to :
build houses when I know what the result will be,
for the next thing will be to furnish it; and furni-
ture will not last a-great while, and replenishing it
will be very expensive. It would be belter for us
to pay a libeial rent. It would not cost near so
mucu as building a house. These remaiks ap-
ply to the dwelling-house. I know nothing about
the necessity for a warehouse.
Mr. IIUmC. I dislike to oppose this amend-
ment. 1 know the difficulties under which Cali-
fornia labors, m relation to the Indians, and I
would be willing to vote a large and lineral sum
to relieve herfiom those difficulties. But 1 think
this is beginning entirely at the wrong end, aud,
so far from relieving, my dehbetute opinion is,
that it will but increase thuse difficulties. 1 be-
lieve the supeimtendent of Indian Allans m Cali-
fornia gets about s>4,0U0 or ^4,500 a year. And 1
see in tins bill an appiopriauon of 17 for the
salary of a cieik to the superintendent. And 1
see an appropriation of $1,000 for rent ot oiliee
for superintendent; and for stationery, fuel, lights,
ecc., for office of superintendent, ^13; for mes-
senger, expenses, $400; for laboi and miscel-
laneous items, and contingent expenses of the
superintendency, $273; for provisions for Indians
visiting superintendent on official business, $1 ,UUU;
for traveling expenses of the superintendent and
the necessary attendants, $2,500; for furniture for
superintendent's office, $1,000; for iron safe for
superintendent's office, ^1,000; for tiie erection of
?hi.K! ?f.^8 ■!?;ntS i °f -  <i 
SU}  
buildings for the use of superintendent, $j7,0Q0; -
and for the erection of a warehouse for the storage (
of Indian goods and public property, ^y,00U. j
Now, this looks to a permanent establishment. ;
If we build houses, ai the public expense, for the
Indian superintendent m California, it ought to be
done everywhere eUe. Our Indian aihiii's have 1
Town up to an enormous expenditure. Unfor- J
tunarely, the number of agents that we have ap- >
pointed, have not improved the condition ot tiie I
Indians—rather the reverse. The puncipal thing,
in my opinion, that a superintendent in California
will have to do for some years, if he discharges
his duty, will be to travel about and visit those
Indians. They are not going to come to lum. _ A
few of them who will learn tiie tricks of cheating,
and getting blankets and pieseiits of various kinds,
may go to him, while those who commit the dep-
redations, will not come near him. Yet here we
are to make a permanent establishment, at an
enormous outlay of money. If we do it m tins
instance, we must do it elsewhere. The extent of
our territory is very Luge. There are a great
number of Indians in New Mexico; and it we
make this appropriation, we must, as a matter of
course, make like appiopriations for permanent
house for the superintendent, or merely to erect
an office for his use.
Mr. GAVIN. The superintendent must have a
house to live in. t
Mr. ATCHISON. In the city of St. Louis, I
UUIlUlllgo, il'"l Q
sciiption, for the superintendency ot Indian aff.nrs
m New Mexico. It will be the same case ill Ore-
gon, and it will be the same case in Texas.
The great objection which I ha\e to all these
gross appropriations, is this: I do not know of
liplieve that even up to this hour the Government 1    -   , their
pyr,ent for office! The superintendent has his ■ any officers who bave.mp^*^
own house. He pays for his own house.
As for the use of a warehouse, that must only
be'a temporary building for storing such goods ns
may lie intended for the use of the Indians in pay-
ment of annuities and presents. It will only be
temporary. Those things might, perhaps, as well
be landed at San Francisco, and from that point
distributed north, south, east, and west, to the
Indians all over the State. I do not see the neces-
sity of the erection of buildings for a warehouse.
Cut, at the same time, I submit to tiie better
knowledge and greater experience 111 California
affairs of the Senator who represents that btate
vote the 
powers upon this subject; but here is a temptation
to peculation and fraud upon the Government.
Here is an appropriation of ^17,000, to build a
house. Well, you tempt a man to make false re-
turns. You tempt bun to build a house for five
or ten thousand dollais, aud falsify his accounts,
by charging the Government the amount appro-
priated. These things are complained of. I know
nothing in regard to them. But it is, ill my opin-
ion, an ill-digested plan for the expenditure of a
lar(re amount of money, without the necessary
checks; and so far from accomplishing the ooject
of keeping the Indians quiet, and pres enting dep-
edations on the white setilements, is inclined the
X am willing to vote the appro , - -
priation. I am willing to take his word and his | ot^.^^J^'^i^no^wish to detain the Sen-
JUm"'thare one option to this. If I ate about Una matter, but the Senator from Texas
is altogether mistaken when he says this is an ill-
digested plan. It has been most thoroughly ex-
amined in the Department of the Interior, and
there is no doubt that it will cost as much in a few
years for the payment of rent as it is proposed to
pay for constiucting these buildings. This item
13 based on an estimate for these buildings. They
are absolutely necessary. If the superintendent
is compelled to rent an office in San.Francisco, I
presume he cannot get it for less than $500 a
month. In addition to that, you must have store
houses for the purpose of keeping the goods'in-
tended for the Indians. The rents alone, if the
Government is to pay rent, will amount to this
sum in two or three years. If the Senator is in-
formed uf the cost of labor and materials in that
country, he knows that it will take this amount
of money to put up such a building as will be re-
quired for the public business; and 1 wish to soy
to the Senate that the location of the superintend-
ency ought to be permanent. Every Indian su-
perintendent and agent 111 the country has a resi-
dence furnished by the Government. Persons
who are appointed to these offices cannot sleep on
the ground, and live in tents, as the Indians do.
The superintendent of Indian affairs in California
has an administrative examination of all the ac-
counts of the agents and sub-agents in that State.
He has the power of removing them instantly,
and the controlling power over the whole man-
! agement of Indian affairs there. If the Senator
! from Texas will look into this very bill, he will
find an appropriation for completing buildings for
the superintendency in Oregon. There is not one
superintendent m the United States, with the ex-
ception of Missouri, where rents aie cheap, but
has some such building. The superintendent of
the Indians, west of Arkansas, has a commo-
dious residence prepared for him. These build-
ings are required, if you intend to give any effi-
ciency at all to the office. It is not proposed that
any tribe of Indians shall come to the superin-
tendent here, but the chiefs will visit him at his
home; and when he wishes to see the tribes, he
will go to them. I wish him to travel extensively.
Provision is made in this bill for his traveling ex-
penses; but at the same time he ought to have a
permanent office; and if lie is to pay annuities to
the Indians to get them to remove, he ought to
have a safe in which to keep the money to pay
them. This estimate was made by the Depart-
ment after a full examination into the case. I
know that it is economizing the public money to
put up buildings at once.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Tne PRESIDENT. The next amendment is
to insert in the bill the following:
For the eie< lion of a warehouse lor the ^torace of Indian
ormM-i fiifd public property, $'8,000 : Prowled, That the cn-
trn  eo-t of the buildings for the use of the siipemm-ndent,
and ol the warehouse aforrsaid, shall not exceed the sums
hereby appropnatud, including the expense of procuring
sites.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The next amendment is
to insert the following:
For United States flag* tor distubution among the tubes,
A500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The next amendment is
to strike the folJowing clause from tiie bill:
For payment M the Seneca Indian.-, of New York, for
moneys wrongfully withhold™ hoiu tlicin by an agent ap-
pointed by the Government f'oi the inannst ment of their
affairs,as pcrreportof Tlionw 11 Slnrtilaril, commissioner,
selected by the Secretary ot Wat, to make the ri qui-ite in-
vestigation, pursuant to the illiection contained >11 tile fomtll
section of the art of 27th June, 1816. matin;; appmpnatioiis
for the Indian department, s-J,s..-,05 oil: I'roi ulctl, That the
Becretaiy of the Intel tor is lu-icliy required, upon payment
of the money herein specified, to take such tmtlier steps, it
any may la; ncecssary, as sii::i! enable the United States to
recover the amount due fiom sunt agent.
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 trust the Senate will not
agree to that amendment. This appropriation has
been frequently reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, m the shape of a separate bill, it
is now recommended as one of the estimates as
a portion of the deficiency—by the Secretary of
the Interior. I will state the facts of the case
briefly. In 1336, lb37, and 1838, there were cer-
tain funds belonging to the Seneca Indians, a poi-
tion of which were to lie paid by an agent, as the
ao-ent of this Government, to them. He reserved
them in his hands. He never did pay them
over—he never accounted for them- Tieieweie
; other funds—not, perhaps, funds of the Govern-
