1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
barous age ? It is because the light of a better day
has dawned. It is because the precepts of the
Gospel of Christianity have ameliorated our laws.
It is because society has made the discovery, that
if a man is fit to live at all, he ought not to be di-
vested of all the qualities which make a man, by
the infamous mutilation of his body. What is the
answer which is given to all this by those who
seek to restore this relic of barbarism to the Navy ?
Why, they tell us we intend only to apply this
system of punishment to seamen—we intend only
to flog sailors. That is quite true. It is only
sailors who are to be treated like brutes—aye,
sir, worse than brutes. There is no man Vho
hears me, who would permit his dog to be thus
treated. There is no spot on the habitable globe
known to me, where a man would be permitted to
seize upon a dog, and lash him until he cut the flesh
from off his ribs, and the blood should be made to
run down from his backbone to his heels. But,
sir, it is only the sailor, for whom this punishment
is to be reserved.
Who, O Senators! is the American sailor, that
he is to be treated worse than a dog? He has
been my companion for more than a quarter of a
century—through calm and storm, privations,
sufferings, and danger. In peacc and in war I
have lived with him, and fought with him side by
side, by sea and land. I have seen him in the
northern ocean, where there was no night to veil
his deeds. I have seen him on the coast of Africa,
surrounded by pestilential disease. I have seen
him among the West India Islands in chase of
pirates, with his parched tongue hanging almost
out of his mouth. I have encamped with him on
the California mountains, and on the plains of the
Mesa. I have seen the rays of the morning sun
play on his carbine and his boarding-pike. I have
seen him march one hundred and fifty miles
through an enemy's country, over mountains and
through rivers. I have seen his feet scarified by
the projecting rocks, as he hauled his cannon over
the hills. I have seen him with no shoes on but
those of canvas, made by his own hands, and
with no provision but what he took from the
enemy. I have seen him plunge into the Rio
San Gabriel, and drag his guns after him in the
"face of a galling fire from a desperate foe. And
finally, I have laid beside him on the cold ground,
when the ice has formed on his beard. Sir, his
heart has beat close to my own. I ought to know
him. I do know him. And this day—now, be-
fore the assembled Senate of the Republic, I stand
up to speak in his behalf. I hope he will find an
abler advocate. Nay, I am sure he will find abler ad-
vocates on the floor. But, nevertheless, hear me.
Mr. President, the American sailors, as a
class, have loved their country as well, and have
done more for her in peace and war, than any
other equal number of citizens. Passing by for a
moment their antecedent glorious achievements,
let me remind you that he has recently gained for
his country an empire. Through perils by land
and perils by water he has gained a golden em-
pire, which has added to his country's renown and
greatness, and perhaps saved his fellow-citizens
from almost universal bankruptcy and ruin.
And what has his country done for him ? When
the fighting was over, the battles won, the con-
quest achieved, you sent a band of Mormons to
California to drive him to his ship, and rob him
of his glory. And historians too have done moreto |
prove that history is a lie. You refused to give !
him "bounty lands," which you gave to the sol-
der—his comrade fightingby his side—and you
have neglected to give him even your thanks.
And now, to cap the climax of his country's in-
gratitude, these memoralists would have him
scourged. They would scourge him for drunk-
enness, when they put the bottle to his mouth.
They 'would scourge him for inattention to his
duty, when injustice and wrong have made him for
an instant discontented and sullen. Shame! Shame!
You would scourge him while living, and when
dead consignhimtoa felon's grave. That I may
not be supposed to have drawn upon my fancy,
or to have exaggerated his country's inhumanity,
I ask the Secretary of the Senate to read these
documents.
The Secretary read them as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tives in Congress assembled:
The undersigned, President and Trustee* of the Boston
Marine Society, of the city of Boston, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts, beg^leave to represent to your honorable bodies,
that, having had their attention directed, for many years,
to the condition of seamen, abroad and at home, they have
been much impressed with the fact of the sufferings of this
valuable class of our citizens by sickness and accident?,
and from poverty arising from these circumstances, con-
nected with their proverbial improvidence for the future,
with their pecuniary means.
The benefits of medical aid and comfort in foreign ports
enjoyed by others, are hardly ever obtained by them, and,
in consequence, after receiving such comforts and atten-
tions as the ships they are attached to, and their officers
can give, they are frequently brought home and placed m
our marine hospitals, where no seaman can remain beyond
the time limited by the laws regulating those institutions.
It very often the ca&c that they are dismissed from these
hospitals, when not sufficiently restored to lender them fit
for their active service, and, in consequence, they become
paupers 01 tenants of public almb-hou^ub, though most of
them would rather die than suffer this degradation.
It is well known to all, observant of seamen, that they
are always ready to answer the call for their services,
whether it be in the service of the naval, or of the mercan-
tile marine—as ready to fight with valor for their country
as to aid in its commerce—and so true is this, that very few
seamen, advanced in years, can be found who have not
served m boih our public and private ships.
Your attention is respectfully called to the fact, that there
is, at this moment, in the public Treasury, as your memo
nalists. have been informed, money to the credit of seamen
who have been attached to the Government marine, and to
the meicantile marine, amounting to more than a million of
dollars.
This large amount has accrued from unclaimed sums
due to deceased seamen, from unclaimed piize money be-
longing to seamen of private as well as public armed ves-
sels, and to the contributions made by all seamen of twenty
cents per month in the name of hospital money.
In view of these facts, your memoialists beg leave to so-
licit from your honorable bodies, that measures may be
taken to ascertain the amount accumulated fiom the^e
sources in the United States Treasury, and that, thereliom,
suitable provision may be made m the principal seaports m
the United States for the fuithei maintenance ot seamen, citi-
zens of the United State-*, who aie infirm and unfit for ser-
vice, from sickness, ad\ anced age, or any other cause.
All ol which is respectfully submitted.
President and Trustees, B. M. S.
Z. Ring, Esq.—Bear Sir : I herewith furnish you with
the mfoimation de-lied. During the year 1850 there were
Ju6 deaths of seamen ; of which number 45 were buried by
fnends, the balance (,61) were taken by the Aims-House to
Potter's field ; for the latter elaf,s the Government allow us
.$5 each—(^3 for coffin, and $2 for ground.)
Not one in ten have money to provide for themselves.
Very respectfully,
John L. Roo.me,
Superintendent of City Hospital, N.Y.
Potter's Field.—The grand-jury for the September
teim examined 276 complaints, and found 133 bills of indict-
ment. They visited the various public institutions, but
made no piesentment. Previous to being discharged by the
court, the foreman, Henry Erben, Esq., at the request of
the grand inquest, stated to the court that the jury had visit-
ed Pottei's Field, and found it in a homhle condition. One
pit was about half filled. The coffins were exposed to the
sun. The stench from them was very gicat. They direct-
ed Mr Webb, the keeper, to come before the giand-jury on
the following day. On the 19th he made the following affi-
davit :
Grand-Jury Room, September 19,1851.
William O. Webb, hfing duly sworn, saith, that he is the
keeper of Pottei's Field; that the ground on Randall's
island, used foi a burying-place, is not at all suited for it;
that it is full of rocks; pits are dug for the dead, wheie
they are put m layeis of six deep. The bottom of the pits
being solid rock, when decomposition takes place, the
liquid, not being able to go in the ground, passes thioughthc
top, causing a horrible stench, which can be smelt for more
than a mile.
I'll ere is no earth between the layers of coffins, and there
arc only about eighteen inches of earth over the top layer
of coffins—that it frequently happens that at high tides and
heavy rains, the water gets into the pits, so that the coffins
are floating. He further faith that in le^s than three weeks
there will be no room left in the yard to bury another per-
son. He aho states that the south end of Waid's Island is
a suitable-place for a Pottei's Field, the soil being good and
free from rock.
Sworn this 19th day of September, 1S5J.
H&nry Erben, Foreman.
" Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, to whom
in time of peace are intrusted the lives of the thou-
sands who traverse the ocean? Whose energy and
skill, and hardy self-denying toil, carry the prod-
ucts of your soil through the world, and bring-
back the rich return ? It is the American sailor.
By his superior qualities as a man he has enabled
you to rival in commerce the boasted mistress of
the ocean. Where is the coast or harbor in the
wide world accessible to human enterprise to which
he has not carried your flag? His berth is no sine-
■ cure. His service is no easy service. He is ne-
: cessarily an isolated being; he knows no comforts
uf home, and wife, and children. He reaps no
■ golden rewards for the increase of treasure which
I he brings to you. When on shore he is among
' strangers and friendless. When worn out he is
' scarcely provided for. Making many rich, he
, lives and dies poor; carrying the arts of civiliza-
. tion and the blessings of the Gospel through the
. world, he is treated as an outcast from the mer-
cies of both. But look to yout history—that part
of it which the world knows by heart—and you
will find on its brightest page theglorious achieve-
ments of the American sailor. Whatever his coun-
try has done to disgrace him and break his spirit, he
has never disgraced her; he has always been ready
to serve her; he always hasserved herfaithfullyand
effectually. He has often been weighed in the bal-
ance, and never found wanting. The only fault ever
found with him is, that he sometimes fights ahead
of his orders. The world has no match for him,
man for man; and he asks no odds, and he cares
for no odds, when the cause of humanity or the
glory of his country callshim to fight. Who, in
the darkest days of our Revolution, carried your
flag into the very chops of the British Channel,
bearded the lion in his den, and woke the echoes
of old Albion's hills by the thunders of his cannon
and the shouts of triumph ? It was the American
sailor. And the names of John Paul Jones and
the Bon Homme Richard will go down the annals
of time forever. Who struck the first blow that
humbled the Barbary Hag, which for a hundred
*years had been the teiror of Christendom, drove
it from the Mediterranean, and put an end to
the infamous tribute it had been accustomed to
extort? It was the American sailor. And the
name of Decatur and his gallant companions will
be as lasting as monumental brass. In your war
of 1812, when your arms on shore were covered
by disaster—when Winchester had been defeated
—when the Army of the Northwest had sur-
rendered, and when the gloom of despondency
hung like a cloud over the land, who first relit
the fires of national glory and made the welkin
ring with the shouts of victory ? It was the Amer-
ican sailor. And the names of Hull and the Con-
stitution will be remembered as long as we have
left anything worth remembering. That was no
small event. The wand of Mexican prowess
was broken on the Rio Grande. The wand of
British invincibility was broken when the flag of
the Guerriere came down. That one event was
worth more to the Republic than all the money
which has ever been expended for the Navy.
Since that day the Navy has had no stain upon its
escutcheon, but has been cherished as your pride
and glory. And the American sailor has estab-
lished a reputation throughout the world—in peace
and in war, in storm and in battle—for unsur-
passed heroism and prowess.
Mr. President, I am no painter. I cannot draw
with artistical skill the scene I would have you
look upon. But it requires no artist. Picture it to
youiself, sir. See the gallant bold sailor who has
served his apprenticeship with Hull in the Consti-
tution, or one who helped to drag the guns across
the San Gabriel, stripped and lashed worse than a
dog. Can you stand it, sir? Yet your laws have
authorized 'it to be done—it probably has been
done. And now it is proposed to give authority
to do it again. Will the American people stand it?
Will this more than Roman Senate long debate
whether an American citizen, as he is—the sailor
shall be entitled to all his rights as an American
citizen'or not; whether, freeman as he is, he shall
be scourged like a slave* Cicero's climacteric, in
his speech against Verres, is, that though a Ro-
man citizen, his client had been scourged. And
shall an American citizen be scourged? Forbid
it, God of humanity, forbid it. For my own part,
I would rather seethe Navy abolished, and the
stars and stripes buried with their glory in the
depths of the ocean, than that those who won its
^Ioiies should be subjected to a punishment so
ignominious and brutalizing. Sir, if 1 had the
power vouchsafed to others, to impress my own
feelings upon the hearts of those who hear me, 1
would rouse in the minds of Senators such a sense
of national pride and human sympathy that they
would with one voice demand that the memorial
which seeks to rob the American sailor of his
rights as an American freeman, should be thrown
under your table and trampled beneath your feet.
Mr. President, the object of all our legislation
for our seamen should be to elevate them as a
class, and not to degrade them. In proportion as
you do this, and teach the sailor to respect him-
self, you will bring him to the performance of his
duty with cheerfulness and alacrity. You best
appeal to his patriotism by showing him that he
is honored and respected by his country. You
best appeal to his sentiment of native pride by
presenting motives to his emulation. t You can do
