1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1995
of Coffee, in the State of Tennessee, and the tnwn of Dan-
ville, in the State of Kentucky; and that the sums afore-
paid be subject to the disposal of the Legislatures of said
States, for the purpose aforesaid, and for ho other whatso-
ever.
Jind be it farther enacted, That the sums aforesatd are
granted upon condition that the Legislatures of said States
shall, m disposal thereof, secure to the United States stock
in the railroad aforesaid equaliuamount to the sums above
appropriated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
amendment not to be in order, as it is not ger-
mane to the bill.
Mr. SAVAGE. I then propose the following
amendment:
That there h hereby granted to the States of Tennessee
and Kentucky the sum of $200,000, to aid ihem in building
a ship-channel, oi whatever other means of transportation
the Legislatures of the said States may agree upon, be-
tween the village of Tullahome. in the county of Coffee, m
the State of Tennessee, and the town of Danville, in the
State of Kentucky.
Mr. GOODENOW. 1 ri«e to a question of
order. The amendment offered by the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Savage] is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment proposes
an appropriation for building a ship-channel, and
lie thinks it is in order.
Mr. DUNCAN. I rise to a question of order.
This amendment is similar to those which have
been ruled out of order upon the ground that they
were for the construction of canals. This is for
the construction of ship-canals, and is not for the
improvement of rivers and harbors.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks an
amendment in order for the construction of a
canal around the falls of Louisville. It is ger-
mane to the bill.
Mr. GOODENOW. I call the attention of the
Chair to the fact that this is a proposition to grant
money directly to a State.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be in order. Does the gentleman
appeal ?
Mr. GOODENOW. I do not.
Mr. SAVAGE. This appropriation is intended
for that portion of the country which I represent,
and which is represented by the gentleman over
the way, [Mr. Ward.] It is a portion of the
country which has never received any benefit
from the system of internal improvements, and
this appropriation, if granted, will be the first
ever obtained for that section of country, and I
think would be the last they will ever ask for. It
is the opinion of those best acquainted with the
subject, that this sum would be amply sufficient
to establish such a means of communication as
will satisfy the wishes of that quarter of the
country, and do more towards facilitating com-
merce between the northwestern and southern
States than any appropriation that could possibly
be made. It is in the direct line which connects
Charleston with Cincinnati, and is a nearer route,
by a hundred and ten or fifteen miles, than any other.
I cannot assert that aship canal is certainly practi-
cable, but some mode of transportation ought to be
established, and I leave that to the wisdom and
discretion of the Legislatures of the two States,
which have always been able to make a proper
distribution of any funds which have been given
into their charge. If they determine not to build
a ship canal across the Cumberland—and I have
no idea that it will be undertaken unless it can be
accomplished—it will be left to their wisdom to
consider other modes of transportation over this
route, which, in my opinion, is of more importance
to the States of Georgia, Tennessee, Alabama,
Florida, Ohio, and Kentucky, than anything em-
braced in the bill. It is a practicable route, and
much nearer than any other that can be found.
It has now engaged the attention of intelligent
men of that section of the country. I have been
induced to present this amendment by instructions
from my own constituents and those of gentlemen
from Kentucky who have given the subject their
fullest consideration. A line of communication
between the town of Danville in the State of
Kentucky, and Tullahome, in the State of Ten-
nessee, is desired, because it will connect that
region of country with the northern States. It
will be a connection betwen the northern and
southern railroad, and the most rapid means of
communication between Charleston and Cincin-
nati.
Mr. STUART. I am opposed to that amend-
ment for several reasons, but I will only state one
of them now for the information of the Chair
hereafter. It proposes a grant of money to the
States to carry out works, whereas this bill pro-
vides for granting money to improve works over
which the General Government has power, and
the States have none.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Savage was disagreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line one hundred and
thirty-seven:
For the survey and improvement of the navigation of the
Brazos and Guadalupe rivers, Texas, ^30,000.
Mr. H. said: I wish simply to state, Mr.
Chairman, that the Quartermaster General, in his
annual report to the last Congress, asked for the
improvement of the navigation of these rivers, for
the purpose of military transportation. This
appropriation is, therefore, applied for by the
Government itself. Upon the application of the
military commander of that division, a survey of
these rivers was ordered; but subsequently, when
the Department wished to cut down the improve-
ments for the West, the head of the Topographical
Engineer corps countermanded that order. The
improvement of the navigation of those rivers
according to the reports of the Quartermaster
General, is highly necessary for Government
purposes, and it must be apparent to all that it is
necessary; for it has in that country, a large num-
ber of infantry with whom they can do nothing in
the way of fighting or defense against mounted
Indians. Some means of cheap transportation to
them* of pork and beans is absolutely necessary. :
[Laughter.] I do not olFer this amendment with
the vain expectation that it will be voted into the
bill, but I submit it to show the people who reside
in that country that they stand no more chance of
getting anything for the improvement of their
rivers, than they do of getting protection of their
men, women, and children, now subject to Indian
inroads. But, sir, these rivers run through a large
planting district which is as rich in soil as any
other portion of the United States. There is a
large production upon the banks of those rivers of \
cotton and sugar; and the emigration to Texas at !
this time is about as large as that to California. !
It is, therefore, manifest that these rivers are to :
contribute largely to commerce. They will fur- j
nish for exportation the great staples which will !
give rise to a foreign commerce. There is now
exported from this section of country a large
amount of cotton, and the region on these two
rivers is filling up rapidly with a planting popula-
tion. It is, together with the Trinity and Colo- |
rado, one of the most fertile planting regions in !
the Union. 1
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Howard was disagreed to.
Mr. STUART. I propose the following amend-
ment, to come in after the one hundred and forty-
third line:
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the
Kalamazoo river m the State of Michigan, $10,000 ; and
$8,000 for the improvement of the harbor at South Black
river in said State.
I shall not detain the committee a moment with
reference to that amendment. I simply desire to
say that it proposes appropriations for the im-
provement of two very important points upon the
eastern shore of Lake Michigan—important, not
only so far as regards local commerce, hut highly
important as harbors of refuge. Lake Michigan
is known to be the most difficult of navigation in
a storm, of the whole chain of lakes. More ves-
sels in proportion to the number upon it, are ,
wrecked, than upon any other. The winds usu- ;
ally prevailing are from the west, the northwest '
or the southwest, which invariably drive the ves- !
sels upon the eastern shore, upon which there is
not a single harbor approachable in case of a storm.
I move the adoption of the amendment.
The question was put and the amendment of
Mr. Stuart was disagreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to strikeout the fol-
lowing:
"For continuing the improvement of the harbor of
Cleveland, Ohio, $30,000.
4< For the fm ther improvement of the harbor of Fairport,
at the mouth of Grand river, Ohio, $10,000.
k£ For the improvement of Black Lake harbor, Lake
Michigan, $8,000."
And in lieu thereof to insert the following: i
For continuing the improvement ol the harbor at CJeve- j
land, Ohio, $25,000. I
For the further improvement of the harbor at the mouth
of Grand river, $8,500.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor at Ashta-
bula, Ohio, #8,500.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor at Con-
neaut, Ohio, $8,500.
Mr. Chairman, if I can obtain the ear of the
committee, I will state the cause of my makings
this motion. In the first place, I say we ask no-
thing more from the Government than the com-
mittee have reported, although the appropriations
for the district which I represent have been cut
down from the recommendations of the Depart-
ment, $35,000—more, perhaps, than any other
district in the United States. The committee in
their report have omitted the harbor ofConneaut.
And here let me say, that my own personal inter-
ests are at Ashtabula and opposed to Conneaut;
but I know the importance of that harbor; forty-
six years ago last month I landed in that harbor,
and for forty-six years I know that it has been a
harbor of refuge for vessels in distress. The
shores have been lined with vessels which have
been wrecked, and the bones of many ofourwest-
ern people have been scattered upon it between
that place and Erie upon the one hand, and that
place and Ashtabula upon the other. The whole
commerce of the lake—every sailor upon that lake
is interested in the harbor ofConneaut; and I only
ask the transfer of $8,000 from Cleveland, Fair-
port, and Ashtabula, to Conneaut. I do it upon
my own responsibility, because I do not believe
that there is an elector or citizen in the whole dis-
trict but what will say that it is right and ought to
be done. I do not believe there is a sailor upon
the lakes but what will say it ought to be done. I
say, upon my own responsibility, it ought to be
done, and I hope the committee will do it, inas-
much as we ask for nothing more than what the
Committee on Commerce have given us.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to; there being upon a di-
vision—ayes 23, noes not counted.
Mr. SACKETT. I move to insert the follow-
ing at the end of line one hundred and eighty:
And $15,000 to repair the piers the Government has
constructed at Big Sodus Bay, Wavne comity, Lake On-
tario, and to improve the harbor at that place.
I trust I may have the attention of the commit-
tee to this subject for two or three minutes. I am
quite sure, if the amendment be understood, there
will be no opposition to it. I hold in my hand
the report of the Department with regard to this
appropriation. I will read one or two extracts,
showing the reasons upon which this application
is made. I have only time to read extracts; the
report is long. There is no place upon the Amer-
ican shore which possesses so great advantages
for a harbor, or for a naval depot. Upon its im-
portance as a naval depot, the report says:
" There is no place on thfi American shore which pos-
sesses greater advantages. The ease with which the har-
bor may be enieied ; its spacious and commodious bav, m
which a large fleet may be maneuvered ; its protection from
ill winds, as well as from sudden incursions from an enemy;
its portion about equi distant from either end of the lake,
by winch it could afford piompt assistance to any point, all
combine to chaiaeterize it as a highly favorable <ite for a
naval depot. It can also be well defended by works upon
the heights to the e:ist and west of the entrance, to which
the pier head^, properly modified, might be made powerful
auxiliaries."
The report upon the present condition of the
piers the Government has constructed at this har-
bor, holds the following language:
" After the great length of time which has elapsed since
the piers were constructed, itN hardly necessary to&ay, that
they are much decayed from the water hue and above ; be-
ing made of timber cribs, loaded with stone, they now need
extensive repairs. The officer in charge of the woik, re-
port* that the working season being far advanced when he
arrived there, he had to confine his operations to the west-
ern and most exposed pier. A portion of it contiguous to
the beach, had settled very much on the lake side. The
planks being decayed and broken, or torn off and much of
the loading of the cribs washed out. And on further exam-
ination it was found that many of the lower timbers were
much decayed.
"The eastern pier being much sheltered by the one on
the west, was not considered as requiring such immediate
attention. Tts condition, however, is veiy precarious, and
the pier head has been seriously injured. The planks have
been swept off, as well as one of the courses of timbeis,and
the <iU>nc in many places swept out.
"Big Sodus, about twenty five miles from Oswego. This
is an extremely fine bay, of great capacity and depth."
The Department recommends $15,000 as neces-
sary to keep these works in repair. This harbor
is by far the most important harbor, touching
any naval operations that may ever transpire upon
that lake, that there is upon it. It is from five to
