1996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
six miles long, and from one to two and a half ||
miles wide.
The Government, at an early day, seeing the
importance of securing and protecting this harbor (
so that it might be available to it, laid out $143,000
in constructing piers about a mile, long for its pro-
tection. Those piersare now in a condition which
renders it absolutely necessary that there should be
a small sum appropriated to preserve them from
destruction. The sum contained in my amend-
ment, is the sum reported by the Department as
now necessary. This fine harbor has been aban-
doned by the Committee on Commerce without
reason and against right, and it is the duty of this
House to provide for its preservation. The com- j
mitiee has gone fifteen miles east to begin a new
work, of which they know nothing, and which, 1
though the very place has been surveyed, the Gov- !
ernment has never recommended as a harbor at all.
The course of the committee is not worthy of sup-
Cort. There are light-houses at Big Sodus; and the
eacon light at the head of the pier is in imminent
danger of being lost, in consequence of the state
of the pier where it stands. The abandonment of
this harbor is little else than to abandon the com-
merce of all the central part of the lakp. As I have
but five minutes, I cannot go into all the detail of ;
its importance, but 1 can say every interest of com-
merce demands its improvement; and if it is de-
feated, 1 intend the responsibility of its defeat shall
rest, where it belongs, with the Committee on
Commerce and those who are sustaining it—the
^Democratic majority in this House. I ask a vote.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am opposed to the
amendment proposed by thegentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sackett.] Looking over this bill
of more than a million, we find that the improve-
ments along New York are as thick as mile-posts
along a public road. 1 think they have had
enough. When I look into this bill and see that
they get over $200,000, and see that the great valley
of the Mississippi gets but the same amount—a
few thousand more—I think that gentlemen from
New York ought to be satisfied. That is my
opinion about it.
Mr. DEAN. I am satisfied.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no doubt of it.
The gentleman who has proposed that amend-
ment by which he is to get $15,000 to Little Sodus
or Big Sodus, does not seem to be in the same fix
as my friend near me. It is to his amendment I
am speaking, and not to my friend near me, who
has got all he wants, 1 have no doubt, and would
have had more if he wanted it. The Hudson gets
$50,000, which is the best navigable stream in the
world, with but a single obstruction in it; and I
have no doubt they could get $50,000 every year
to the end of time if they demanded it. Why,
the West have nothing—really nothing, and yet j
gentlemen are urging their amendments here to
increase the amount which their State gets.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. We have been
here five and a half hours, and I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Sackett's
amendment, and being: put, was not agreed to.
Mr. WALBR1DGK moved the following
amendment:
At the end of line one hundred and eighty, on the eighth
page,insort:
For the pie«ervation and improvement of the pier at Gieat
SotliH Bay, Wayne county, Now York, .$10,000.
Mr. W. said: This appropriation is not asked
for the purpose of commencing any improvement,
but to preserve a work which the Government
have already been to a large expense in erecting,
it is conceded, sir, and the reports show it, if you
will look through them, that this harbor at Great
Sodus Bay, is one of the most important harbors
upon Lake Ontario. And as a harbor of refuge,
(to say nothing of the business and commerce of
the village situated there,) it is of almost incalcu-
lable importance to those engaged in navigating
those waters. The Government have expended
there about $140,000. The works, I believe, are
built principally of wood, and it is a number of
years since they were erected. They are no doubt
some hat decayed and dilapidated, and I under-
stand that a week ago hist Sabbath night, a small
portion of the pier, in a gale that took place at that
time, was carried away. I am informed by a gen-
tleman of that place, and I have his letter to that
effect, that the work for the distance of about half
a mile will be liable to be carried off, unless the
work is protected. I desire, sir, to read an ex-
tract from a letter which I have received, which
shows the condition of this work:
"Great Sodus Bay, as you well know, is, by universal
consent, admitted to be the best harbor on the northern
fronliei.
These improvements long siuce suffered much fiom
natural decay, thiough lapse of time, and need an appro-
priation for necessary repair, and the moie uigently as the
lake is higher this season than it has been in fourteen years
belore, giving to the storms a gieater destructive power on
the rotten and dilapidated piers than in low water of ordi-
nary seasons.
"Thereingreat danger that unless repairs be made before
winter, nearly the entire east pier, of about half a mile in
length, will he swept away, leaving the harbor entirely un-
sheltered from easterly storms, and rendering necessary a
great outlay for rebuilding.
" It certainly cannot be the intention of the Government
to adopt the 'penny wise and pound foolish' policy of
going into heavy outlay for new uwta, and leave those al-
ready constructed to perish for want of slight repairs.
" Mr. Samuel Cole, disbursing agent foi the Pension Of-
fice, has been recently at the point, and having viMted the
piers, and inspected their condition, I tefer you to him as a
competent witness; but since he&aw them, on Sunday night
last the sea made a breach through tile east pier, although
the blow was by no means a heavy one, and nothing to
compaie with the storms of fall and winter, reinforced with
floating ice."
Now, sir, my view in relation to this matter is,
that for the purpose of saving to the Government
what they will necessarily have to expend if they
suffer this to remain as it is, it is better to make a
small appropriation—say of $10,000—for the pur-
pose of preserving this work, than to suffer it to
be carried away, and the harbor to become entirely-
useless. That harbor is very essential and im-
portant to persons wiio navigate that lake. It is
one that concerns the commerce of the country;
and if it should be destroyed, those who carry on
commerce upon that lake may sutler to a great
extent. Prudence and economy require that the
appropriation should be made.
The question was then put upon Mr. Wal-
bimdge's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EVANS moved the following amendment:
For the improvement of the navigation of the Illinois, the
Cumberland, and the Tennessee avers, each, $153000.
Mr. E. said: 1 do not intend to make a speech.
I want, as an eastern man, to offer something for
the western country. I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Evans's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT obtained the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I wish to
inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, whether there is not a law now in
force, and whether it is not in his recollection,
that the gentleman who served in the last Con-
gress from the Oswego district, (Mr. Duer,) ob-
tained the passage of a law authorizing the levy-
ing of a tonnage duty at that port?
The CHAIRMAN. These remarks are out of
order; the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sack-
ett] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SACKETT moved the following amend-
ment:
For the nnpiovement of the harbor at PuKneyville, on
Lake Ontario, ,^10,000.
Mr. S. said: The Committee on Commerce
have adopted the idea of abandoning old and im-
portant works and taking up new ones.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is commenting upon the course
pursued by the committee.
Mr. SACKETT. I think the committee de-
serve it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to the amendment.
Mr. SACKETT. That is precisely what I in-
tend to do. This harbor is situated about twelve
miles from the mouth of the Genesee river, and
is most convenient and important as a harbor
upon Lake Ontario. To illustrate its importance
I will state that the committee in their report have
abandoned the only good harbor upon that lake,
where theGovernmenthas expended $143,000, and
picked up a new work fifteen miles the other way
from the one that I am now proposing, and which
has never been recommended by the Government
in any way whatever, on account of its import-
ance as a harbor of refuge. The harbor I am now
proposing to improve may be made a good harbor,
and ought to be improved. It is of more, vastly
more importance than Little Sodus, where the
committee has recommended $10,000.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sack-
ett's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. EWING moved that the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BABCOCK proposed the following amend-
ment:
For repairing the pier and continuing the improvement
of the harboi of Port Ontario, Lake (Jntano, New York,
$10,000.
Mr. B. said: 1 offer this amendment, Mr. Chair-
man, not with any view of embarrassing the pas-
sage of this bill—a bill which I regard as one of the
most important and useful measures which has
received the consideration of this House during the
present session. Knowing the impatience of the
committee, I only ask for a minute or two. I be-
lieve there is merit in my amendment, which should
secure for it the favorable action of this commit-
tee.
This Government has already expended $50,000,
or thereabouts, upon this improvement, and, al-
though it was left in an unfinished state, the har-
bor was made accessible and useful to the com-
merce of the lake.
It was a leading object of the Government in
making this improvement in the outset, to make a
good and safe harbor of refuge in bad weather at
a point where such a harbor was greatly needed.
That object was accomplished, and, in addition,
the improvement had the effect to increase con-
siderably the commerce and navigation of this
lake, as well as to make it more secure.
Though the construction of a railroad in the
vicinity within the last year has impaired the
business of this place, it is still the depotof a con-
siderable amount of property for shipment on the
lake; sufficient to make it worthy of note in con-
sidering the propriety of protecting the Govern-
ment works at this point.
This harbor is situated at the mouth of Salmon
river, a river which empties into Lake Ontario,
not far from midway between Oswego and Sack-
ett's Harbor, and it is the only port which a ves-
sel of ordinary draught of water can make or en-
ter, between those two places, which, by the shore
line, are between fifty and sixty miles apart. This
coast, between Oswego and Sackett's Harbor, is
very much exposed in bad weather, and has
proved fatal to many vessels and their crews be-
fore this improvement was commenced. A sad
wreck of a fine ship, and the loss of the passen-
gers and crew, on this coast, m 1835, had much in-
fluence in inducing the Government to commence
this work in 1SSG.
The estimate submitted by the War Department
to this Congress for this improvement is $20,000;
but, appreciating the importance of making this
bill a moderate one, I ask for only $10,000, one
half of the estimate—a sum little, if any, above
the amount required to repair and secure from
entire destruction the present Government works.
I know, sir, from personal examination, the
condition of the pier built at this point by the Gov-
ernment, and know it to be in a dilapidated* and
ruinous condition, and liable in every storm upon
the lake to further serious injury, if not entire
destruction,
Mr. Chairman,it is as a harbor of refuge mainly,
that I urge this small appropriation for this work
—a work of great importance to the already large
and rapidly-increasing commerce of Lake Ontario.
I sincerely hope my amendment will be adopted.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Bab-
cock's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. EWING moved that the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHOONMAKER. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
For the removal of the bar at the mouth of the river Ron-
dout, in the State of New York, $20,000.
Mr. S. said: Mr. Chairman, I propose this
amendment in compliance with the request of some
of my constituents. It proposes to remove the
bar from a stream out of which in 1851 plied reg-
ularly twelve steamboats, fifty sail vessels, and
fifty barges. During the season of navigation in
that year over seven thousand five hundred sail
vessels and barges cleared from and were loaded
in that stream, and the commerce of the stream is
constantly increasing.
Mr. HART. I would inquire of the gentleman
