1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
except in the Army and Navy. Justification it
has none; and if palliation is to be looked for,
it could only be found in its infliction by the judg-
ment of the sailor's peers. But the trial by jury
is unknown to the naval service. Those great
conservative safeguards, so dear to the freemen—
the arraignment and trial before a jury of his peers
indifferently selected, counsel and defence, are
unknown to the everyday discipline of a man-of-
war. Much less has the sailor.any appeal. The
process by which he is tried is a short process,
and the punishment follows immediately on judg-
ment. Where the power to punish is so absolute,
the law should at least protect its victim from an
infamous punishment for a petty offence, which
may disgrace and ruin him for life. If when a
citizen enters into the service of his country, he
is to forego the protection of those laws, tor the
preservation-of which he is willing to risk his life,
he is entitled in all justice, humanity, and grati-
M tude, to all the protection that can be extended to
him in his peculiar circumstances. _ He ought cer-
tainly to be protected from the infliction of a pun-
ishment which stands condemned by the almost
universal sentiment of his fellow-citizens; a pun-
ishment which is proscribed in the best prison-gov-
ernment; proscribed in the school-house; and pro-
scribed in the best government on earth—that of
parental domestic affection. Yes, sir, expelled
from the social circle, from the school-house, the
prison-house, and the Army, it finds defenders
and champions nowhere but in the Navy. To ^
say that no laws can be devised for the govern- j
ment of the Navy which do not tolerate the lash,
is an acknowledgment of imbecility which this
Senate will never make. !
The difficulty in regard to this matter has been, j
that in framing articles for the government of the j
Navy, three things have been overlooked, which i
ought never to be lost sight of. IHirst, that an !
American sailor is an American citizen and a free- j
man, though m the service of his country, bee- |
ond, that*he has yielded no legal right, not mcon- j
sistent with his obligations ot duty. Third, that
naval officers are not infallible, and requite as
stringent regulations for their government as other
citizens invested with authority.
And now, Mr. President. I come to the discus- ,
sion of a part of this subject far from being agiee- i
able. Why is it that naval officers, and even some i
seamen, as I am told, desire to have the lash le-
stored to the Navy ? It is a symptom of unfa\ or-
able augury. It is ail indication, that the moral j
standard by which the Navy is estimated, is low
and degraded. It argues a preference for the ex-
ercise of arbitrary power, rather than appeal to
those feelings of respect and sentiments of honor,
which should influence the conduct of honorable
men towards each other in the service of their coun-
try. The great Montesquieu has said, that while
virtue was the principle of a republic, honor was
that of a monarchy. Now, the actual government,
in peace or war, in your military and naval ser-
vice, is necessarily, in some degree, monarchical.
Within the limits of his command, and in reference
to those immediately subject to him, the captain,
the colonel, the general, or the commander of a
ship of war, is a sovereign—a monarch; and I hold
that honor is the principle on which the g°v,ern-
ment of his subordinates should be founded, lell
me not that a sailor's heart is insensible to the
dictates of honor. I know better. It is there. It
may indeed slumber and remain passive, and be
almost extinguished by sullen revenge or bitter
hatred; yet there it is, as real, and in as perfect
existence, as in your breast or mine. By proper
appeals to it, by generous treatment, by manly
and discriminating excitement, it kindles into ac-
tivity, and becomes the supreme arbiter of the
sailor's life and conduct. Sir, if the officers would
only believe in the existence of this sentiment of
honor, and appeal to it as an mstrumen for the
preservation of discipline, we should not be asked
to restore the lash. A requisition for the lash
proceeds on the supposition that there is no honor
in a common sailor. Now, so for from that
dogma having any foundation m fact, it must
be known to all who appreciate the character of a
true-hearted sailor, that honor is almost the only
principle by which nine tenths of them aie gov-
erned. men an unsuccessful appeal le made to
the honor of a sailor, it is not because he is desti-
tute of the principle, but because the appeal has
not been properly made.
In the view I take of the subject, then, the ar-
gument derived from a low and degraded estimate
of the Navy, is unfounded in any of the charac-
teristics belonging to the common sailor. Has it
any foundation m the incapacity of the officers to
excite and cultivate those feelings of honor in a
sailor which make him obedient and tractable? I
hope not. If there be any such, they should not
be intrusted with any command. They are desti-
tute of the faculty of commanding. They have
not the necessary qualifications. They are not
safe depositaries for such absolute power, or for
the Security of our public ships. How can they
rouse the sailor's sense of honor in time ot battle,
who have proved themselves incapable of believ-
ing m its existence at all other times. I appre-
hend, if the restoration of the lash be made to
hinge upon the question, whether the sailor is
destitute of honor, or the officers of capacity to
successfully appeal to that honor, that we should
not be troubled with many importunate demands
for its restoration. If the desire to restore the lash
to the Navy is evidence that the standard by
which the Navy is judged is low and degraded, it
is also evidence, to my mind, that the Navy has
not fftept pace with the moral improvement of the
age. If it be the general opinion in the Navy
that the lash is necessary and indispensable for
the preservation of discipline, then, 1 say, we are
now just where public sentiment stood m 1660,
during the infamous reign of Charles II. Then
the thumb-screw and the rack were in vogue,
too. And if we are to go back to the lash, I do
not see why we should not retrograde likewise to
the boot, the rack, and the torture. What would
be thought of the man who should propose to m- j
troduce into our penal code those horrible and bar- I
barous punishments of which I have spoken?
What would be thought of the civilized commu-
nity who would approve such a proposition,
and l-eenact punishments in vogue three hundred
years ago? Yet the proposition to restoie the
i lash is °of a similar character. It takes for
| granted that the sailor has remained stationary,
ever since the rack, the thumb-screw, and the
' boot were abolished as part of the criminal law of
I civilized nations; it takes for granted that of all
! the light which lias irradiated the human mind
! during the progress of the world, none of it has
! been poured on the understanding of the sailor.
1 That he alone has remained stationary. That he
alone has remained ignorant and incapable of im-
| provement. That lie alone is doomed to lemain
j the victim of injustice and cruelty. Look, sir,
" through the various pursuits of human lite, and
'' wherever your eyes rest, you find that improve-
ment has advanced with giant strides. You find
that it has elevated and enlightened the plough-
man in his field—the mechanic in his workshop—
the merchant—the professional man—the daily
laborer—all have felt the benign influences of iiti-
proved civilization. If the sailor has not felt it ill
an equal degree with other classes, It is because
you have degraded and abused him, by treatment
from which other classes have compellsd you to
relieve tliem. IIis voice has not been heaisd like
that of other classes in the halls of -legislation.
He has no representative in such places, lie
wields no political influence. He has no resi-
dence. His domicil is on the ship. If the inter-
ests of the sailor had received a tithe of the atten-
tion bestowed by legislators on the inteiests of
other classes, we should not now be discussing
the question whether or not he should be re-
manded to the tender mercies of these penal atroci-
ties, from which the progress of modern improve-
ment has relieved all other denominations ot men
—we would not now be discussing the question
whether he should be treated lijte a man or a
brute.
Mr. President, a word or two more and 1 am
done. We hear a great deal of the delinquencies
of sailors. There are delinquencies of officers, as
well as of sailors. There are officers in the Navy,
as well as sailors, who ought not to be there, it
you desire to prepare the Navy for the exigencies
Gf war—if you desire to preserve your ancient
renown as a naval Power, you must, in my judg-
ment, abolish the lash, and adopt a system of
rewards and punishments in its stead . iou must
abolish the liquor ration; you must alter the whole
system of the recruiting service; m one word, you
must purge the Navy of all its foul stuff, m high
places as well as low places; and you must lay
broad and deep the foundation of your naval
greatness in the character of the common sailor.
The bone and sinew of every Navy is ihe common
sailor. You require the commanding intellect of
scientific officers to direct him, and you require
good ships. But after all, the common sailor is
the working power which enables the captain and
the ship to gain laurels. Tis the sailor who works
and sails and fights the ship; and in proportion as
he is superior or inferior, will be the success of
the captain and the ship. Sir, in all the best traits
of character which distinguish sailors, no nation
excels tfie United States. The American sailor is
bold, intelligent, hardy, and enterprising, and in
nautical skill is unsurpassed. He shrinks from no
danger, he dieads no foe, and yields to no supe-
rior. No shoals arc too dangerous, no seas too -
boisterous, no climate too rigorous for him. The
burning sun of the tropics cannot make him effem-
inate, nor can the eternal winter of the polar seas
paralyze his energies. Foster, cherish, develop
these characteristics by a generous and paternal
fovernment. Excite his emulation, and stimulate
is ambition by rewards. But above all, save
him, save him from the brutalizing lash, and in-
spire him With love and confidence for your ser-
vice; and then there is no achievement so arduous,
no conflict so desperate, in which his actions will
not shed glory upon his country. And when the
final struggle comes, as soon it will come, for the
empire of the seas, you may rest with entire con-
fidence that victory will be yours.
I move you, sir, that it is inexpedient to grant
the prayer of the petitioners.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not propose to occupy
the time of the Senate. It is known probably to
Senators, that the Senator from "Louisiana [Mr.
Downs] has been for several days extremely de-
sirous of addressing the Senate upon another sub-
ject. The Senator from California, upon whose
motion the Senate this morning proceeded to the
consideration of this matter, has been called from
the Senate. He was desirous of submitting the
motion to lay it on the table for the present; and
in his absence I have risen simply to make that
motion. «
Mr. BADGER. I wish to make a few remarks
upon the subject.
Mr. HAMLIN. I trust the Senator from
North Carolina will yield, for the benefit of the
Senator from Louisiana. I therefore move to lay
the subject on the table.
Mr. BADGEH. I hope it will not be doixe, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. I submit the motion because
I told the Senator from California that I would
do so. ,
Mr. BADGER. And because the Senator from
California is absent, is that to preclude a member
of the Naval Committee from saying a word on
the subject?
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish the Senator from
North Carolina to understand my position. I do
not propose, by moving to lay this subject on the
table, to preclude all further discussion of it; but
only to preclude it so far as to allow the Senator
from Louisiana to address the Senate to-day upon
another subject, as he is anxious to do, so that he
may leave the city for a time. It is out of kind-
ness to him that 1 make the motion.
Mr. DOWNS. I did desire to address the
Senate to-day; but if the Senator from North
Carolina desires to continue this debate, I shall be
very willing to wait until to-morrow.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BADGER. I have no disposition to inflict
a speech upon the Senate upon this subject. The
views that have been submitted to the Senate by
the honorable Senator from New Jersey, have in
some respects struck me with surprise; and I think
that as they have been delivered to the Senate upon
an occasion when it is not usual for us to go into
discussions or investigations of this kind, as I am
a member of the Naval Committee, to whose cus-
tody, long ago, according to my view, this memo-
rial should have been intrusted; and as I entertain
a very different opinion upon the subject of this
petition fiom that which has been so forcibly and
eloquently expressed by the honorable Senator
from New Jersey, I could not think it right that
remarks of this kind should go forth to the country
without an instantaneous notice from some gentle-
man who belongs to that committee. In the ab-
sence of the chairman, I have assumed that duty
i myself. ^
