1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1907
if the river was not previously known as Esopus |
creek ^
Mr." SCHOONMAKER. Yes, sir. :
The question was then taken on Mr. Sciioon-
maker's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. EWING. I move that the committee i
rise, and I demand tellers upon that motion. j
Tellers were not ordered. j
The question was then taken, and upon a divis- t
ion, there were—ayes 6, noes 117. j
So the committee refused to rise. I
Mr. EVANS. I offer the following amend- |
ment: !
For the improvement of (iuecnstown creek, Maryland, >
$3,000. ;
Mr. Chairman, a large number of persons in ,
Maryland are interested in this woik. I do not :
design to detain the committee at this time, but I !
trust the amendment may he adopted.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Evans's .
amendment, and it was rejected. ;
Mr. BOWIE. I offer the following amend- :
ment: I
For removing the ob^tiuctioRs in the channel of the river j
Potomac, between the Long Budge and the Aqueduct at '
Georgetown, and at the mouth of the Eastern Branch,
$23,000. i
Mr. Chairman, all are aware that the city of!
Georgetown sustained very great injury by the |
freshet this last spring in consequence of theseob- j
struutions. It is said, upon the best authority, :
that the town suffered damage of not less than |
$60,000 or §70,000. This results, as I am in-
formed, by the construction of piers to the Long
Bridge, and I think it no more than justice that '
some change should be made now. That bridge i
has been removed by act of Providence. In ad- !
dition to this, I am told that there is a bar at the i
mouth of the Eastern Branch, which prevents ves-
sels of great tonnage coming up to Washington, ;
and up to the navy-yard, over that bar, on the !
other side of which there are twenty feet of water. ;
The improvement I ask for here is of great im- !
portance to Government, as well as the citizens of |
this District. I hope that, as they are not repre- \
sented upon this floor, that we will take them j
under our peculiar charge, and protect their inter-
ests.
Mr. DURKEE said: Mr. Chairman, I have
been greatly surprised while listening to arguments
made use of by gentlemen in opposing the passage
of this hill. 1 allude to remarks made by honor-
able gentlemen representing important sections of
the West. To me it appears that in this matter
some of my western friends have not exercised
that sagacity and good judgment which usually
mark their public conduct. They complain that
New York, Boston, and other Atlantic cities re-
ceive more than their share in this appropriation;
that great injustice is done to western rivers, and
that they will vote against the bill, unless it be
amended so as to meet their views. Sir, admit
that these complaints are well founded, it does not
follow that the interests of the West require its
Representatives to oppose the bill. Appropria-
tions that are actually needed for the removal of
obstructions in the harbors of our large importing ;
cities, or the removal of obstructions in the Hud- ]
son river, against which so much has been said, ;
are beneficial to the West as well as to the East.
The improvement of the Hudson river, and of all
the harbors on the great lakes, will certainly less-
en the insurance and freight on goods passing over
this route. When goods can be shipped from
New York to Chicago for five dollars per ton, in-
stead of fifteen, they will of course come that
much cheaper to the consumer, and the value of
produce shipped in return, necessarily enhanced
in western markets. This argument, too, holds
good in regard to appropriations for improving
the mouth of the Mississippi. The removal of
these obstructions benefits all the States lying; on
this great river and its tributaries. I hope, there-
fore, that gentlemen will pause and weigh the sub-
ject well before they shall finally determine to give
their influence against this measure, whether it
may or may not be so amended as to meet their
views.
There are other objections, Mr. Chairman,
made against this bill. Gentlemen say they have
scruples about the power of Congress to make
such appropriations. But without entering upon
a constitutional question, it strikes me as sufficient
for our present purpose, to know that the General
Government is in possession, and has sole juris-
diction of these harbors and rivers; that Congress !
has deprived the States of all authority to raise a i
revenue by way of tonnage duty for their improve- j
ment, and is therefore bound by the strongest pos- ,
sible obligations to make such improvements as i
are necessary for the safety of human life and the <
transportation of merchandise. ;
Sir, there is no getting away from this conclu- I
sion; for the General Government to hold poses-
sion and do nothing itself, nor let the States, is 1
indeed acting the part of the " dog in the manger." ,
This has been the poliry for several years, at the j
sacrifice of thousands of valuable lives and an im- j
mense loss of property. Our internal commerce
amounts to $800,000,000 annually, and yet is thus
grossly neglected by the Government. One quar-
ter per cent, on this large amount, expended an- :
Dually upon our harbors and rivers, would, in a '
few years, put them in good condition for refuge [
and navigation, whereas we lose a much larger j
amount every year for the want of these improve- :
ments. |
Sir, the people are beginning to inquire how this ;
^50,000.000 is yearly expended—and well they
may! Look at the immense sums misapplied ;
by Congress. Two years ago, we appropriated
$10,000,000 for the purchase of Texas scrip, at a [
par calculation, when it was worth only ten cents
on the dollar. We have paid, during the last J
twenty years, $10,000,000 to officers of the Navy, !
who have not been employed on service. We .
have paid, or agreed to pay, about £20,000,000 to j
Wall street speculators, the effect of which is to ,
sustain a monopoly in ocean steam navigation, i
thus depriving the people of all the ad vantages that
might otherwise accrue from competition and cheap
ocean postage. Yet gentlemen that could vote to
appropriate public funds so liberally for the benefit
of private corporations and individerals, have ter-
rible misgivings about lending their support to a
small harbor bill for the protection of a commerce
of such magnitude. Sir, this surely is "straining
at gnats, and swallowing camels." If this gross
neglect, by the Government, of the lives and prop-
erty of Us people, and this profligate expenditure
of the public funds, is to continue, and the great
commercial interests of the country finally aban-
doned, I cannot see why the people should not in
their turn abandon and dispense with such a Gov-
ernment. For what is the possible advantage to
them in paying $50,000,000 a year, if they receive
not the least equivalent in return ?
Mr. Chairman, it would be well for us to call to
mind, in this discussion, the origin and history of
this Government. It was for the protection of
commerce, and the lives of those engaged m it, that
it was called into being. Great Britain infringed
on the laws of a legitimate trade in America, the
States formed an alliance to resist these aggressions;
this was the origin of the Federal Government.
We had no other necessity for its creation—we
have no other for Us continuance. The State gov-
ernments are competent to protect and maintain all
our civil and political rights, except those involved
in commercial relations. If, then, the Federal
Government is to disown all care and responsibil-
ity over four fifths of the whole commerce of the
country, and refuse to give up its jurisdiction over
harbors and rivers to the States immediately con-
nected with these interests, it will become neces-
sary for the people to provide a remedy for such
grievances, and let me tell gentlemen they will not
fail to do it. Sir, let Congress pass this bill, and
extend its fostering care over this immense accu-
mulation of American industry, at least till some
better method shall be instituted for such protec-
tion.
Mr. WARD. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment:
For the improvement of the Cumberland river, ^25,000.
Mr. Chairman, I do not desire to makea speech.
I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Chandler] for the lecture which he has given me
for my pertinacity in urging the necessity of im-
provements for western rivers. I urged them from
a consideration of their vast importance, and I
think that they are worthy the consideration of
this House. I believe that the amendment which
I now propose ought to be adopted.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to make an inquiry
of the honorable gentleman. Is this the same
Cumberland river? [Laughter.]
Mr. WARD. Identically the same, and one
well worthy of your consideration and mine.
! Mr. EWING moved that the committee rise.
The question was then taken, and it was deci-
; ded in the negative.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
, agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bowie's
! amendment, and it was rejected.
1 Mr. FLORENCE. I offer the following amend-
; ment:
! For the improvement of the Delaware river, commencing
' at a point opposite Pine street, in the city of Philadel-
! plua, extending along the said river the entire front of the
district of Southwark, and thence to the southern line of
the township of Passyunk,m the first Congressional dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, bemi,' the points of the northern anil
southern boundaries of the eastern Jme of said district, or
as much funher noith or south a* competent engineers may
designate after sueh actual and careful survey as may be
! proper, to deepen the channel of said Delaware uver,so as
to secure a sufficient depth of watei to enable the authori-
ties intrusted with the duty, to securely haiboi and safely
, dock anv United States vessel-of-wwr of the tonnage of the
largest ship-of-the line upon the United States dry-dock at
the United States navy yard, in the county of Philadelphia,
and to facilitate this purpose, the extension of the wharf
line be authorized, as much further out as may be deemed
proper to build a pier, by which the puipose indicated may
| be attained, §50,000.
! Mr. Chairman, I submit this amendment in
good faith, because it is of the utmost importance,
i and will be advantageous to my constituents, the
| first object nearest my heart. Whetherthisamend-
j ment is passed or not, I deem it proper to say I in-
i tend to vote for the bill now before the committee.
' The self-evident necessity of the improvement I
i suggest, opposite the city of Philadelphia, is so
i strongly impressed upon my mind that I need say
: but little in its favor; but for that I ask the ear and
! attention of the committee. There is not now a
' sufficient depth of water for the purpose of se-
; curely docking "a sh'tp-of the-line" at the United
j States navy-yard, Philadelphia. An appropria-
i tion of $50,000 will be sufficient to enable us to
j deepen the channel, and by that means to securely
j dock a ship-of-the-line. This will, in the ac.com-
! plishment, give employment to a large number of
; clever, frugal, and industrious people living in my
I district. That is the impelling motive which in-
i duces me to offer this amendment. With the dec-
laration of this fact, and with the reasons I offer,
which to my mind are clearly irresistible, 1 earn-
estly hope that an amendment of so much conse-
quence as this is, of so much advantage to my
constituents, of so much importance to the United
| States, in securing the use of the United States
j dry-dock, a work which cost the large sum of
i $842,000 to construct—1 repeat, sir, 1 earnestly
'hope the sum named in the amendment may be
j appropriated. 1 want to make the United States
i navy-yard at Philadelphia a favoi ite place with the
! Government for the employment of our skillful
^ artisans and mechanics.
i The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's remarks
' are out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well, sir, I will not
] detain the committee longer. I desire a vote upon
the amendment I have offered to hasten on busi-
ness. I may say, however, again, that whether
it is passed or not, I shall support the bill making
appropriations for the improvement of rivers and
harbors, now under consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to irquire
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Flor-
ence,] if this amendment is to make an appropri-
ation to prevent Pea Patch Island from washing
away ?
j Mr. FI..ORENCE. I will offer an amendment,
j if the gentleman will vote for it, to build a fort
i there. At all events, I will be gratified if thegen-
j tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will vote for
t the amendment I have offered. He will aid m
I accomplishing a good purpose, I assure him. Be-
i sides, he will have the thanks of all classes of peo-
j pie in and about Philadelphia, especially those 1
I have the pleasure and honor to represent upon this
| floor. If it was in order, I would clearly prove
' and explain the indifference which 1 think has
been exercised toward our navy-yard, and the
' want of proper appreciation of our skillful me-
chanics. At a more favorable opportunity, I as-
sure you all, 1 will do so. I hope my amendment
may meet the approval of the committee, and be
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Florence, and decided in the negative.
Mr. STRATTON offered the following amend-
ment:
