1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1133
gages which belon? to the Seneca Nation, and that you are
l'early to give tlifni up to hmi, whenever he pioducesan
order from this Department to that elFect.
Thi*. is, therefore, to request you to deliver to Mr. Parish
all s-uch bonds and mortgages, and other property belonging [
to the Six Nations, and likewise all public property belong- ;
ing to the agency you lately filled, which may remain in
youi hands. I ain, &c.,
J. C. CALHOUN.
Department of War, 7
Office of Indian Affairs, August 7,1832. \
Sir: In addition to the further evidence and explanation
requned of you by a letter forwarded this day fiom the of-
fice of the Second Auditor, you are directed to "place in the 1
bands of your successor, Mr. Stivker, whatever amount '
>ou may now hold by nature of your ottice of agent, as the
trustee of the Indians, and if you have invested any portion
of the amount you have so received, you will transfer to the
same gentleman, the eecuntie* upon which such invest-
ment has been made. His receipt will be requited as your
voucher, upon which the amount now charged to you will
be passed to youi accounts.
I am, See., ELBEltT HEARING.
Justus Ingersoll, Medina, New York.
The letters just read were two letters directed
from the War Department to the sub-agent, at the
time Mr. Calhoun presided over that Department.
They show, conclusively, not only that he re-
ceived the money by the express directions of the
Government, but that he was directed to charge
himself with the amount of money received, and
that the Department was to settle with him for
these funds, and with no other person whatever.
The letter alludes, also, to money received from
the State of INew York, denominated trust funds.
His authority embraces not only the trust funds,
but also those which were the annuities from the
United States to the Seneca Indians. Our rela-
tions, indeed, with those Indians have never as-
sumed their full capacity to manage their own
affairs, but have been those of mild and paternal
authority and guardianship on one side, and con-
fidence and dependence on the other. Thus, all
their national funds, whether by law or usage I
cannot say, had been uniformly invested and ad-
ministered by our agents, and as uniformly turned
over to their successor, until this sweeping em-
bezzlement left nothing but a claim upon our jus-
tice. This must leave the fact beyond question
or dispute as to the authority which this Govern-
ment exercised, and the obligation of the sub-agent
to receive them in consequence of the orders of the
Secretary of War of the United States.
There is but one other fact to which I wish to
refer. It is a fact showing that, in consequence
of what has been stated, and in consequence of
subsequent legislation upon the subject, our in-
vestigation is confined to a much smaller compass
than Senators have supposed. If it is in order to
advert to the past legislation of the other House i
as well as this, it can be shown that, in 1846, this j
subject was before Congress, and was the subject j
of disagreement between the two Houses. The '
one insisted on the insertion of this article, and
the other thnt it should be expunged; and the re- ,
suit was—a compromise recommended by the ;
committee of conference—the enactment of the :
fourth section of the act of 1846, referring the '
whole matter over to the investigation of a com- |
mission, to be instituted under the authority of the j
Department of War. That commission was au- j
thorized to inquire what amount of moneys had j
gone into the hands of the agent, and what amount
thus received by him had been embezzled or with-
held from the Indians; in other words, the real
extent of the defalcation. This investigation was
a very searching one, and the report very volumi-
nous: and it showed the true amount to be due to
the Indians, and embezzled by the agent, to be
that for which an appropriation is proposed. In
this manner was the doubts of Congress, in 1846,
removed. The question winch it referred to that
commission covered the whole controversy, and j
their report leaves us no other duty but to appro- j
piiate the amount, as was contemplated by that ^
act of Congress. _ j
Thus, sir, you perceive that the facts of the case j
have already become an adjudicated mattery and i
it appears to me, that the subject narrows itself j
down to the smallest compass, and that the ques-
tion really before us is, Whether the amount con-
tained in the bill is the result of the investigation
of the agent of the Government authorized for that
purpose? I will not trouble the Senate with any ^
further remarks upon the subject, than to express
my hope that the amount may not be struck out.
Mr. PEARCE. I have found the report to 1
which 1 alluded. From this, it appears that the
claim consists of various items. The first is one
of $7,143, known as the Phelps & Gorham annu-
ity fund. This money the Indians obtained by the
sale, in 1788, of some lands to persons of that
name.
The Government had no connection with the
sale, but the agent of the tribe had always man-
aged it. While Stryker was agent, it was made
use of by him, and although he mortgaged his
property to them to secure it, yet they never ob-
tained any portion of it, the property being
exhausted by prior liens or mortgages. The an-
nuity on this was $500 per annum, from 1837 to
1850, inclusive; in all, §7,500 more.
The next item is, for the amount of an annuity
of $500 per annum, payable by the State of New
York, under an arrangement made in 1815, which
the same agent received for two years, 1837 and
1838, but never paid over to the Indians.
The third item arose in this way: In 1838, the
Indians had some difficulty in relation to the dis-
tribution of part of the annuity due from the Uni-
ted States, " in consequence of a change in the
' established custom of paying such money to the
' chiefs, to be disposed of by them, by distributing
' the annuity money directly and equally among
' the heads of families." The money, at first, was
deposited m the bank of Buffalo, to the credit of
certain chiefs, who drew it from the bank and took
it to the council house, and it was afterwards re-
deposited in bank to their credit. They were
induced by Stryker to let him have it for distribu-
tion, and then lie embezzled it. This is $3,482 50.
The last item is for moneys deposited by Polly
Jameson, a wealthy woman of the tribe; it was
her own money—no part of any annuity or Gov-
ernment fund.
The only passage in the report showing the
charge which the agent had over these affairs, says:
"Tins superintendent or agent lias always had charge
of, and been required hy Ins appointment and instructions
to exercise a careful supervision over all their affairs and
interests;"and "the Indians have ever looked up to linn
as a safe depositary of tlieir interests, and as a person to be
confidently relied upon m all matters connected therewith.'"
I suppose no doubt that his official character
gave him credit with and the confidence of the
Indians. They were induced by his official char-
acter voluntarily to place their funds in his care;
and they authorized him to receive their dividends
from the bank in the same way as Mrs. Polly
Jameson had been induced to place her individual
funds m his hands; and 1 think the Senate must
decide, as they did three years ago, that these
funds were not placed in his hands as the agent of
the Government, and that, therefore, the Govern-
ment is not responsible, unless we mean to affirm
that the United States guaranty the fidelity and re-
sponsibility of all Indian agents to whom the
various tribes may choose to intrust funds of
which the Government has no knowledge, and
over which they have no rightful control.
Mr. ATCHISON. The Senator from Mary-
land has stated the facts pretty nearly as they
exist. A portion of the funds in the hands of this
agent were the funds of Indians, intrusted by
them to his care. They made him their trustee.
Now, I take the broad ground that he is respon-
sible as agent of the United, States for any default
that he may have made when acting ill that
capacity; and that the Government is bound to
recognize any bieach of trust to the Indians; for
when you send an agent or a sub-agent to an In-
dian tribe, you indorse his honesty, and you
guaranty all the losses that the tribe may sustain
by means of his villainy or his fraud, and should
be responsible for them. Now, the Government
of the United Slates sent this man (Stryker) to
take charge of these Indians, both in regard to the
interests of the Government, and the interests of
the Indians themselves. If, then, they could not
place confidence in him, in whom could they place
confidence.' Their great father sent them tins
man, giving him a letter of credit, fully indorsed;
and I hold that the United States is responsible
for all frauds perpetrated on that tribe by limi; and
not only on the tribe, but on individuals of the
tribe—just as if I gave a letter which was fraudu-
lent, or calculated to deceive the friend to whom
it was addressed. I hold that this doctrine as
applied to Indian agents has peculiar force.
Mr. DAWSON.' Will the Senator from Mis-
souri answer me one question in relation to this
matter? I see, among the letters dated 1832, that
this agent was instructed to procure the assent of -
the Indians to act as their agent; and to obtain it in
writing as a power of attorney; which he was in-
structed to deposit in the proper office in Wash-
ington. Is it not so?
Mr. ATCHISON. I am not able to answer
the question.
Mr. DAWSON. What I want to know is,
whether the instructions were complied with, and
whether the power of attorney was obtained, and
' placed here as required ?
Mr. ATCHISON. I am notable to say; but
1 think that the letter read at the Secretary's table
sustains the position fully, both thatfthe act of
Stryker was sustained, and that it was ratified and
i sanctioned in Washington city.
Mr. BRADBURY. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me, I will state that the fact ad-
verted to by the Senator from Georgia, is contained
in the latter portion of the letter which was read.
Thatletter, which related to the receipt of the prop-
erty of the Indians, also required that the previous
assent of the Indians should be obtained and filed,
in writing, and deposited with the Department.
There was another qualification in one of the
other letters deserving of notice, which speaks of
" whatever may be held by virtue of your office
as trustee of the Indians;" thus limiting the appli-
cation to such funds as may be, by virtue of his
office as agent, intrusted to him, and which has
no reference whatever to funds received in any
other capacity. It related to those funds which
went fiom theUnited States, and notto any funds
which were intrusted to him either by the State of
New York, or by the Indians themselves, for if
he misapplied the funds derived from the State of
New York, that State might be called upon to
make reparation.
Mr. CASS. 1 understand that this is demanded
as a deficiency by the War Department?
Mr. HUNTER. It is.
Mr. CASS. Then I shall vote for that appro-
priation.
Mi. HALE. That is right.
Mr. CASS. This is the last and feeble rem-
nant of one band of the great tribe of Iroquois,
who, at the time that our forefathers landed upon
this continent, carried their victorious arms from
Canada to Florida. We have driven them before
the great tide of civilization west of the Missis-
sippi to the forests and the prairies. We have
I got their country, and now gentlemen get up here
! and ask us to argue this point, as though we were
! arguing a suit for six and a quarter cents before
I some justice of the peace. Mr. President, I trust
1 that it rests on higher and better principles and
! feelings. Here is an agent of the United States
sent to them by the President of the United States,
| whom they call in their language, their "Great
! Father." He has got the money for which we
i all agree that we are responsible. He lias also got
j their money from the State of New York, which
1 was placed there by them for safe-keeping, and as
| they bad been in the habit of doing for years and
: years.
I Mr. BADGER. Ever since the year 1794.
i Mr. CASS. And now I ask, if gentlemen are
J willing to place this on a principle so small' You
have got their country; you have driven them from
their native soil; your agent has got their money,
and embezzled it, and you are bound to refund it.
That is all there is about it.
Mr. BERRIEN. From the statement which
has been presented to the Senate, and from the
letter submitted by the honorable Senator from
Arkansas, I am compelled to believe that this ap-
propriation ought to he made by Congress.
The claim consists of moneys winch had been
embezzled by an agent of this Government, of
two different descriptions: First, of money placed
in his hands by this Government, for the purpose
of discharging a debt due to the Indians. Sec-
ondly, of money which he had received from the
Indians as their agent or trustee. In regard to the
first, there can be no doubt that it was a debt due
by the United States to the Indians; and the Gov-
ernment had endeavored to dischargeitby placing
money in the hands of their agent. He embez-
zled the money instead of paying it to the Indians.
The Government is therefore responsible. .In re-
gard to the second, I doubt whether it is necessary
to go into the general principles adverted to by tne
honorable Senator from Michigan. In my judg-
ment there is a direct responsibility. If this uov-
