22'2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
Mr. President, it is necessary that, on every
occasion of this kind, we should understand what
is the subject that is presented for the considera-
tion of the Senate. We should look at it as it is,
not as it is presented to us by oratorical exaggera-
tions. The honorable Senator from New Jersey
speaks of administering the lash to these gallant
and noble sailors until the flesh is torn from their
backs, while the blood is running down to their
heels; and he assumes, or supposes, that the peti-
tion now on your table -is an application to the
Senate of the United States to be instrumental in
restoring—I should say, sir, in introducing—-such
horrible barbarity into the service. Now, what
is the petition ? It is simply a petition that the
-Congress of the United States will restore a dis-
cipline to the Navy which had existed in it from
its institution, and was discontinued only during
the last session of Congress. It is an application
to restore a discipline to the Navy which went into
operation under the sanction of the immortal
Washington, and was continued under all suc-
ceeding administrations of the Government; and
surely f need not say, sir, that asking us to restore
such a discipline, is not asking us either to restore
or introduce into the Navy a system of horrible,
barbarous, and detestable exaggeration of punish-
ment, such as cannot be stated without making
the heart turn sick with horror and detestation.
The honorable Senator from New Jersey was
pleased to say, that if he could make the proposi-
tion with propriety to the Senate, he would be
glad to see that petition, praying for the restora-
tion of a law more than half a century old, which
was sanctioned by Washington and by all his
illustrious successors, praying for nothing more,
laid under the table and trampled under foot. 1
hope, Mr. President, that he would not also send
with it under the table, and under the same tram-
pling of feet, those of us here who think the peti-
tion right and reasonable and just; for it seems to
follow, if those who ask this thing of the Senate
are to be treated with indignity by this body, that
either precisely the same or some similar treatment
is justly due to those who advocate the petition
they present. But little is gained in discussions
in this Chamber or elsewhere, as I imagine, by
observations which do not meet the merits of the
question under consideration. To that I desire to
invite your attention for a few minutes, without
undeitaking to follow the Senator through the
whole of lus remarks, or to notice in detail the
statements which he has made on this subject.
His objections to the punishment which it is
proposed to restore to the discipline of the Navy
divide themselves into two heads. So far as I see,
my task will be a very easy one, for the honorable
Senator himself has distinctly refuted both of
them m the course of his remarks. The first is,
that this punishment is positively mischievous; j
that to subject the sailor to the lash is to teach him 1
to he a coward; that if you expect hmi to main- j
tain the ^loiy of the country, to maintain posses- i
sion of the public ships, to resist the enemy who [
assails him; if you do not wish to build ships, not I
for yourselves, but for your enemies, you must [
abolish the lash; for by accustoming the sailor to |
that punishment, you deprive him of the princi-
pies of honor, and make him a coward. Yet in <
the very same breath the honorable Senator re- j
minds us of those gallant and noble achievements i
which distinguished the progress of the late war I
with England—of those victories upon the ocean J
and lakes which lut\ e made the names of the naval I,
commanders immortal, and shed lustre upon this i
country; and of which T wou.d only say, that { j
should be entirely satisfied, if the successes of our j
naval cornmandcrs under this, or any modification I
of the law, would equal them. How were those ,
sailors bred? Under what discipline were they;
trained15 Was it not with this very discipline of
the lash, which the honorable Senator says must :
be abolished in order to make them brave? Every i
victory which they have gained, every monument
of naval renown which, at the day, was received '
with shouts of joy and gratulation from one por- |j
tion of the Union to the other, and the memory of [j
which is cherished by us all, was gained by sail-i!
ors, noble, daring, courageous sailors, but sailors j
who were formed under the discipline of the lash. '
Now, it seems to me that nothing can be plainer, '
as I have said, than that this objection of the hon- ;
orable Senator is refuted by himself; for, so far I
from speaking: of these achievements and exploits )
as but the beginnings of naval renown hereafter to
be emulated and ex'ceeded, he speaks of them in
glowing terms of eloquence, which 1 have not the
power of language or the graces of delivery to
equal. He brings them forward as glorious ex-
amples which we are to follow. If they are ex-
amples which we are to follow; if the ends then
attained are what we are to propose as the ultima-
tum of our hopes, is it not a contradiction for the
honorable Senator to say that the very discipline
which trained men for their accomplishment,
makes men cowards ? So much with regard to
the mischievous tendency of this punishment.
The next objection of the honorable Senator
was, that this punishment is inexpedient and un-
necessary. Let us see how that is. As I should
have said, it is a punishment that obtains in every
naval service on the globe. It obtained in ours
from the establishment of our naval marine until
the last Congress. It is said by the honorable
Senator, that nothing is urged, in the form of an
argument, in support of the necessity and propriety
of that punishment. He says the common course
is to say that the punishment is necessary, that
it cannot be dispensed with, and there lea^Te the
subject. What more does the honorable Senator
say in reply, but simply to make a strong and con-
fident assertion; and what is that? That it is un-
necessary. He says that no officer, who is fit to
command a ship, needs the lash. Is that an ar-
gument? or is it not rather one assertion opposed
to another? Certainly the opinion of the Senator
is entitled to as much weight and consideration as
that of any man in this country. But it is no
more an argument, than the opinion of any other
man. And then, as 1 have said, the honorable
Senator has refuted his own proposition by his
own statements. What does he say? " He
that is fit to command a ship does not need the
lash." The honorable Senator has certainly told
us, in the eulogy he passed on the celebrated
victory of Hull in the Constitution, that Hull was
fit to command a ship. I suppose that Decatur, I
suppose that Perrv, the conqueiorof the lakes,
that Morris, that Warrington, were all fit to com-
mand ships. Yet they all needed, they all used,
the lash. They formed their men witli the lash;
and in using that term, I do not mean to say that
they were engaged in excessive flagellation. No
one asks or contends for that; but that they used
it as a means of discipline, as a means of coercing
their authority and forming the sailor to habits of
obedience. Then, if the honorable Senator has
conceded the fact that these men actually needed
the lash; if, as he has shown, they were fit to com-
mand ships, I ask if he has not repudiated all his
objections?
But again: the honorable Spnator has repudia-
ted them further, for he tells us, in anticipation of
what he supposes may be a reply, by an argumen-
tum ad hominem, that when he was in the com-
mand of ships, he used the lash. And why ? He
says he acted in obedience to the law. What law?
There never was a law in the United States that
required ihe commander of a ship to use the lash.
The taw authorized him to use it when it was
needful, ft made him the judge, and the sole
judge, of that necessity. He has no assessors in
his tribunal. He has no jury to determine when
the lash shall he used. He is the one supreme judge
on his own ship. The law says to him, in fact,
" When you snail deem it necessary for controll-
ing and directing your vessel and governing your
men, for restraining misconduct, for giving a
proper degree of order to the-ship and efficiency
to the service, you are at liberty to use the lash."
Now, the honorable Senator says that when he
was in command of a ship he used it. There is
no man who knows him, and who knows the
kindliness of his heart, who would suppose that
he ever used it except in a case of necessity in his
judgment. Then he himself, being in the posses-
sion of a power at liberty to use it at his own dis-
cretion when it was needful, and to forbear using
it when it was not needful, actually used it. I
suppose none of us here doubt for a single mo-
ment that he is fit to command a ship; he is emi-
nently fit for it, at least he was while he was in
the service. Thus I think I have a distinct refu-
tation of the honorable Senator's own proposition.
It is precisely logical. He that, is fit to command
a ship needs not the lash. It is refuted very sim-
ply. All the leading commanders in our service
did need the lash as an instrument of authority,
the honorable Senator himself includ ed; they were
fit to command ships; therefore the lash was"
needful.
The honorable Senator commenced his remarks
by saying, that that government is the best which
rules by love, and not by fear. I am a good deal
in the habit of distrusting these abstractions. I do
not know that we are exactly able to form an idea
of what is the best government in the abstract.
If we confine ourselves to the affairs of this globe
on which we live, and on which our ancestors
have lived before us, we will find that there never
has been any such government in it, either human
or divine, for one single instant of time. When
that primeval pair, from whom we have all sprung,
were placed in perfect and happy innocence in
Paradise, with their affections all attuned in a har-
monious disposition to love, to reverence, and to
serve their great Creator, were they left without
the influence of this principle of fear? Not at all.
" In the day that ye eat thereof, ye shall surely
die." However agreeable and pleasing it may be
to us to imagine a state of society in which all
men shall do exactly everything that is right, and
nothing that is wrong, merely because of a spon-
taneous disposition to do it, it is very certain that
no such government ever has existed, or ever can
exist, until there is a total renovation of man's
character. All governments, that is, all wise and
just governments, act by the double influence of
hope and fear, by the application at one time of
reward, at another of punishment. Is not that the
rule in the domestic circle? We encourage and
lead our children; but if they will not be encouraged
and led we punish them. We endeavor to induce
them to do right from love to us; but if they will
not do it from love, they must do it from fear. It
is the object to be accomplished that is to be looked
at. If we are faithful to ourselves, we do not leave
them without the necessary coercive means. The
end to be accomplished, is obedience and submis-
sion—the doing right. If you can bring it about
by encouragement, and persuasion, ana love, so
much the better. If you cannot, you must resort
to fear, because the end is too valuable to be sacri-
ficed.
Mr. President, I believe greatly in the tribute
which the honorable Senator has paid to the char-
acter of the American sailor; but permit me to
say that the honorable Senator does not exactly,
as I think, meet the question presented by this
petition. He says the American sailor is a noble
specimen of a man. As a general remark, what
he says is true. He says that such a man as that
ought not to be degraded. I admit it; but is it
proposed to degrade him ? Is this a petition that
Congress shall pass a law compelling the officers
who have charge of the public ships of the country
to whip all the men, those who behave well and
those who behave ill? It does not propose that
commanders shall do as our old friend Caleb Q,uo-
tem, the schoolmaster in the farce, did. He had
to leave his school to go to the review. He first
went to the school-house, and not being able to
remain long, he thought it best to whip the boys
all round before he started, because, he said, he
knew they would deserve it during the day. There
is no proposal of that kind. These petitioners
simply wish to restore that discipline in virtue of
which a man who offends—a man who, by his
conduct, soils this fair and excellent chaiaoter
which belongs to the American sailor—shall be
made to suffer, and to suffer by punishment suffi-
cient to restrain him, if possible, and if not, at
least to warn others, whose virtue and whose
principles may not be very strong, from falling
into a like error.
The honorable Senator says that it is very clear,
upon looking at the report which has been made
here of the number of whippings inflicted for
drunkenness and other offences, that this punish-
ment is useless and does no good, and is there-
fore unnecessary. Is that a proper conclusion?
Is it one justly drawn > Can it stand the test of
examination ? Suppose that a man should come
forward and call upon society to abolish all pun-
ishments, and trust to the genial influence of
moral suasion to prevent those who have a dis-
position to put their fingers into their neighbors'
pockets and take their neighbors'pocket-books,
or those who desire to steal horses, gettmo- over
their neighbors' hedges, or those who are blood-
thirsty from cutting their neighbors' throats, it
seems to me that he might offer precisely the
