1998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
For the erection of a breakwater on Crow Shoal, at
Cape May roads, New Jersey, $100,000.
Mr. Chairman, it is not my intention to make a
five-minutes speech on the amendment I have just
offered, but I desire to say that no proposition
contained in the bill before the committee, is, in
my judgment, more deserving their approval.
The attention of Congress was a few years since
called to the importance of the proposed work, by
resolutions of the State of New Jersey, and nu-
merous petitions of citizens of that State, engaged
in the coasting trade.
A survey of Cape May roads, including Crow
Shoal, was made under instructions of the Secre-
tary of War, by Major Bache, of the Topograph-
ical Engineer Corps. His report shows that the
proposed breakwater can be advantageously con-
structed, and that it will afford great security to
the trade intended to be protected.
The Committee on Commerce in their report,
say that they have carefully examined the subject,
which is important from its involving the protec-
tion of iife and property, and that the practica-
bility of erecting this work, is fully shown by the
able report of the engineer.
The reportoftheengineer showsthat the " com-
* merce of the Delaware is carried on through two
4 channels communicating with the sea. The
4 main, or ship channel, enters by Cape Henlopen,
* and is capable of receiving vessels of the largest
* class; the New England channel, by Cape May,
* is limited to a draft of twelve feet." Vessels
passing through the first-named channel, are pro-
tected oy the breakwater near Cape Henlopen.
To protect the trade passing through the latter, is
the object of erecting the proposed breakwater.
" The Cape Henlopen channel is generally used
* by the foreign trade, and by the coasting trade
'south of the Delaware, while the Cape May
' channel is preferred by the coasting trade east of
* the Delaware.
"The great increase of this trade has greatly
* increased the necessity of this work."
The committee, in closing their report, say "that
•influenced by a sense of duty to afford every
' proper protection to prevent loss of life, to protect
*thegieat and increasing trade passing through
' this channel, and by the various considerations
* presented in their report—in their opinion this
* work should be erected."
The question was then taken on Mr. Strat-
ton's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. IIOW, of New York. 1 offer the follow-
ing amendment:
For continuing tlio improvements at the harbor of Hig
Sodu-s county of Wayne, and State of New York, and for
repairs of the same, 4)3,000.
The qnestion was then taken on Mr. How's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. ASIIE. I offer the following amendment:
Jlnd. be it further cnnctcd, That the commissioner* of the
town of Wilmington, North Carolina, he authorized to levy
and collect a tonnage duty, not exceeding four cents per
ton, upon all vessel* not less than sixty tons, for the pur-
pose of clearing mu the obsti notions in the mouth of ('ape
Fear river, and (hat to efiVot that purpose the said comnus-
woncrs to pledge the receipts fiom the said tonnage duty
to pay the niteiest or piiucipal on any loan they may effect
for that purpose: Pioruied, That the legislature of North
Carolina, at its nect Mission, order and auihotizc such a
tonnage duty.
Mr. SEYMOUR. That amendment is not ger-
mane to the lull, and therefore not in order.
The CHA.1RM AN. The Chair has previously
entertained a motion of that kind, and he consid-
ers it as in order.
Mr. ASHE. My friend from New York [Mr.
Seymour] cannot see anything in order but what
is consistent with his own notions. I have a few
remarks to make upon this amendment. On yes-
terday I offered an amendment, in which I ex-
plained, in a very few words, the difficulties under
which the town of Wilmington labored—the first
town in the State of North Carolina, and the most
enterprising one in the whole South. These dif-
ficulties were laid before the Committee on Com-
merce. They were informed of the fact that all
the improvements in North Carolina concentrated
at that ••ingle point, and that the bar in the river
there has been gradually filling up, until now there
are only eisrht or nine feet of water. These facts
I am authorized to state upon the authority of
Professor Bache and others, who have examined
the work.
This amendment asks no privilege of the Gov-
ernment but what was granted to the city of Sa-
vannah, in Georgia, fifty odd years ago for the
removal of similar obstructions.
Now, sir, it is proposed to cut off my State
from all the benefits of this bill because, forsooth,
I am not one of those Democrats who will vote
for this thing and that thing, and everything, and
because I will not vote for this bill, t have been
asked if I will vote for this bill. As an honest
man, I cannot vote for it, but as an honest Rep-
resentative, I ask this House to allow the city of
Wilmington to tax its own tonnage, in order io
remove the obstructions which have been put there
by your Government to protect your fortifications,
and which fill up the only harbor that is of any
consequence to that town. I ask you, as a favor
to the people of Wilmington, not to expend Gov-
ernment money, but to allow them, by and with
the consent of the Legislature of North Carolina,
to levy tonnage duties which will operate against
themselves, in order to raise money to put them-
selves in a better position. The request is reason-
able and just, and now that the magic spell which
prohibited all amendments has been broken, and
several important amendments have been ingrafted
on the bill, I hope the committee will not refuse
it, but will grant us this mere act of justice to en-
able us to survive at least until another Congress
can be elected. I ask for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Venable
and McNair were appointed.
The question was then put upon Mr. Ashf/s
amendment; and the tellers reported—ayes 65,
noes 64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it in order for me to move
to amend the amendment which has just been
adopted ?
Thp CHAIRMAN. That amendment lias been
adopted, but an anendment to come in at the end
of it would be in order.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, moved to amend
the following item of the bill:
" For removing the raft of Red river, $50,000,"
by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That the Secretary of War be authorized to
contract for keeping the channel of Red river open at the
point now obstructed by raft for one year alter the removal
thereof.
Mr. M. said: I will not detain the committee
one minute, but I feel the necessity of this amend-
ment in order to make the appropriation at all
effective. It is absolutely necessary that these
obstructions should be kept out for a year or two
after they are removed, otherwise they will imme-
diately re-form. These obstructions are composed
of drift timber, that floats down the river and stops
at this point, where it is narrower than it is above;
and, if it is kept open for a year or two, the cur-
rent of the river will cut out its own channel, so
as to moke it perfectly clear, as has been done be-
low this point. The raft originally existed about
one hundred and sixty miles below where it at
present exists, but that portion of the river is now
perfectly navigable.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Moore's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I propose to add to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Ashe,] which has just been adopted:
And the same privileges aie granted to the State of New
York that are granted to the State of North Carolina.
I offer that amendment for the purpose of
making a few remarks. I do not propose to resist
theamendmentof the gentleman from North Caro-
lina any further here, but to meet it in the House.
One of the very purposes for which the Constitu-
tion was formed, was to prevent this rivalry of
ports, to prevent undue tonnage being levied atone
port different from that which might be levied at
another. That was one of the great objects in the
formation of the Constitution. The amendment
which this committee has adopted gives to the city
of Wilmington power to levy tonnage duties, not
only on her own commerce, but on the commerce
of New York, Maryland, South Carolina, and all
other parts of the United States. It vests the
State of North Carolina with the absolute power
of doing this. If a like privilege is given to the
State of New York, it will be within our power to
tax the whole commerce of the United States to
any extent our State Legislature may will, and
thus to have the whole commerce of the United
States subservient to our State legislation.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Do it.
Mr. BROOKS. Why, if we were to tax our
immense commerce one sixteenth part of a cent,
we should raise an enormous revenue—enough to
carry on our Government. The principle is wrong;
but if the privilege is given to Wilmington, it
must be given to all the ports on the Mississippi
and Ohio.
Mr. ASHE. I ask the gentleman if it has not
been given to Savannah and to Baltimore?
Mr. BROOKS. I know of but one case in
which it has ever been granted, and that was to
Baltimore. It was refused to Oswego at the last
session of Congress.
Mr. ASHE. It has been granted to Savan-
nah.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order. I
submit whether it is in order for my colleague to
speak in opposition to his own amendment?
Mr. BROOKS. I am not doing so. I am ar-
guing to show that if this privilege is granted to
Wilmington, or any other city, it must be granted
to New York, also. I am arguing to show the
immense benefit which we might derive from ton-
nage duties of this sort levied by our people upon
the commerce of the United States. But I did not
rise to delay the action of the committee on this
bill. 1 merely rose to call attention to the prin-
ciple involved in the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina. I have no doubt we can
defeat it in the House, or vote it down on the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I entirely disagree
with the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] in respect to this question of the tonnage
duty, and as to the history of the adoption of the
clause in the Constitution in respect to it. If the
gentleman will look into the history of the forma-
tion of the Constitution, he will find that that priv-
ilege was granted with express reference to these
improvements, and the contemporaneous exposi-
tions of the Constitution bear out the history of
that formation in this respect.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, and no doubt
the committee, would probably like to hear the
remarks of the gentleman from Virginia, but the
Chair must remind the gentleman that he is speak-
ing in favor of the amendment of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, sir, I desire simply to
state one fact. The gentleman from Nexv York
says that the city of Baltimore is the only one to
which this privilege has been extended. Now,
one of the earliest acts of the Government was to
authorize the laying of a tonnage duty, for the
purpose of removing an obstruction from the Sa-
vannah river, in the State of Georgia, and that act
was renewed for many successive sessions, and at
that day no man in Congress believed that the
General Government had any authority to remove
that obstruction in any other way than by author-
izing the State to levy a tonnage duty.
Mr. FLOYD. Is it in order to offer a substi-
tute to my colleague's amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. FLOYD. I offer the following substitute:
The consent of Congress is hereby granted and declared
to the parage and operation of any law which any State
shall hereafter pass, to lay a duty of tonnaee, for the pur-
pose of improving the harbors and rivers in such State.
The amendment which I have had the honor to
submit, is in phraseology in accordance with the
Constitution and the acts heretofore passed by
Congress. From 1790 to 1850, there have been
no less than thirty-six laws passed by Congress,
giving its consent to different States to lay tonnage
duties for particular improvements and for speci-
fied time. Acts of that description have been
passed for the States of Massachusetts, Rhode
Island, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama;
so that there is nothing new in the principle of the
proposition which I now make to this committee.
It is merely making it a general proposition instead
of limiting it to a particular city, or to a particular
port for a specified time.
In regard to the Constitution, I think my hon-
orable colleague [Mr. Brooks] was mistaken in
the view be expressed. Mr. Madison says the
right of laying tonnage duties was reserved by
the States, subject to the consent of Congress, for
the express purpose that the different States might
lay tonnage duties to improve their harbors. Such
is the commentary of Mr. Madison upon this
