1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1999
clause of the Constitution; and in corroboration
of that there is this fact, that for thirty years after
the formation of the Constitution, this right was
never asserted or exercised by Congress. The
danger of which my honorable colleague seems to
be afraid, consists in this; that one State will lay
tonnage duties which will be injurious to the com-
mercial interest.
Now. in my opinion, you cannot have a better
guarantee than the particular interest of each State
that it will not lay an improper or oppressive duty
which will embarrass commerce in its own ports,
in addition to which Congress can prevent any
abuse of this right by withdrawing its consent. It
is not intended by this proposition to affect the
other portions of this bill, nor do I anticipate that
it will have that effect; but I am fully impressed
with the belief that this power may be better and
more wisely exercised by the States than it ever
has been by the General Government. My col-
league—the chairman of the Committee 011 Com-
merce [Mr. Seymour]—has already informed the
committee that so uncertain are these appropria-
tions by the General Government that many of
the rivers and channels have been made worse
rather than better by the improvements which
have been commenced. Now, if they are under-
taken and carried on by the States, they may be
commenced and carried on with a certainty of rev-
enue arising from these tonnage duties, and with
some sort of system which may, perhaps, result
in good. I am informed by gentlemen upon the
Ohio river that it is a question whether much more
harm has not been done upon that river than good,
by the works which have been commenced there.
Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to the last
amendment. Without entering into a discussion
of the constitutional power, and without reference
to its history, it is enough for me to know that
the Federal Government has been engaged ever
since its existence in making appropriations for
opening up its external commerce, and I am op-
posed to delivering up into the hands of the State
of New York or any other State this power.
Mr. ASHE. I beg leave to ask my friend from
Ohio when this system commenced by the Gen-
eral Government?
Mr. CARTTER. It commenced with the very
existence of the Federal Government.
Mr. ASHE. For many years there were no
appropriations of this kind by the Federal Gov-
ernment. I think the gentleman will find that the
gentleman from New York is right in his state-
ments in reference to this matter.
Mr. CARTTER. I object to this amendment
especially, for the reason that one solitary State
in this Union now forms the gateway to nearly all
the commerce of the nation; and especially to all
the commerce of the great West. I protest against
the principle that will deliver up to the State of
New York the power of determining what duties
shall be imposed upon the commerce of the West.
Why, sir, the history of the State of New York
is a history of subsidy upon the part of the west-
ern States to her support. We have constructed
her internal improvements. We have supported
her government, and this proposition, if carried
into effect, would serve to bring us into the same
subordination in reference to our external com-
merce. Her harbors are now prepared for free
trade with all the earth—all the oceans of the !
earth; and now to deliver into her hands the :
power of levying a tribute upon the commerce j
which must pass that gateway, would be a folly j
in legislation against which 1 enter my protest. I
The question now being upon the amendment j
to the amendment,
Mr. FLOYD demanded tellers; but they were
not ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Floyd's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Brooks's
amendment, and being taken, the amendment was
not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Stanly's
substitute to the whole bill, [heretofore published
in the Globe.]
Mr. STANLY. I hope the question will now
be taken upon that substitute without further de-
bate.
[Loud cries of " Question I" " Question !"]
Mr. STANLY demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Brooks and Chandler
were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 47, noes 85.
So the substitute was not agreed to.
Mr. YATES. I offer the following amend-
ment, upon which I call for tellers:
For the improvement of the navigation of the Illinois
river, $25,000.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to—ayes 7, noes not
counted.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the committee
do now rise and report the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting clause.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that it is not in order, after the
bill has been read through by sections and has
been amended, and after a substitute for the whole
bill has been offered and rejected, to amend the
bill or alter it in any manner except by offering
an additional and independent section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
not in order to go back and insert an amendment
in any portion of the bill The committee have
passed upon this bill, and it is not in order to in-
sert an amendment into any part thereof. The
point was made, the Chair recollects, when the
bounty land bill was under discussion. The Chair
then so decided. An appeal was taken, and the
decision of the Chair was sustained by the com-
mittee.
Mr. WARD offered the following amendment:
For the improvement of the navigation of the Cumber-
land river, $30,000.
Mr. W. said: Mr. Chairman, I desire to urge,
as a parting admonition, upon thefriends of inter-
nal improvement, this my last appeal, before I
place myself in the ranks to which I have never
yet attached myself upon this particular subject.
But, sir, my district has rights 
Mr. CARTTER. J rise to a question of or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to the explanation of his particular
amendment.
Mr. WARD. I am in order, and intend to
apply my remarks.
Mr. CARTTER. I insist upon my point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to the merits of the amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. He is talking about politi-
cal alliances.
Mr. WARD. The interest involved in that
stream is clearly of a national character, and that
interest has been entirely overlooked by the Com- :
mittee on Commerce. We are, as it were, expa- !
tnated from our own country; we aie exposed to 1
continual losses from the accumulation of snags
in that river since 1838, and I hope and trust that
this committee, who have the power of making
appropriations towards the various objects in va-
rious portions of this Union, will exercise that
power in favor of justice, and with a due regard
to the interests I have the honor to represent. I
know that gentlemen who feel not, and see not as
I do, may look upon me as unnecessarily trouble-
some in this matter. But they do not behold the
difficulties which surround the district which I
represent. They know not the losses daily sus-
tained there. I know them all, and feel them
more keenly than they can, and I now appeal to
this committee, as I have on previous occasions,
not that I desire to be troublesome, but that my
districtshould be properly regarded by this House;
so that, when money is paid out of the Treasury,
she should receive her proportion to prevent those
losses of lives and property she is daily suffering.
The navigation is six hundred miles in extent,
and the annual trade amounts to from $5,000,000
to $10,000,000, and it has been regarded as a na-
tional stream since 1832, and the only reason that
I did not go before the Committee on Commerce
was, that I knew that that committee would report
to the Committee of the Whole House, which had
power, independent of that committee, on this
subject, or any other, and also the right to say
where money should be appropriated and used..
They have the right to overrule the recommenda-
tion of the committee upon a subject of that sort,
and believing that when a claim was made out
worthy of the consideration of this House, they
would hear and respond to it, I rested content.
Mr. WARD demanded tellers upon his motion;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and
Harris were appointed.
The question was then taken,and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 51, noes 72.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Imovenow
to strike out all after the enacting clause.
Mr. E-VANS. I rise to a question of order.
The committee have agreed to the sections in this
bill, and it is not in order to move to strike out
what the committee have inserted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is im-
material when that amendment is offered, whether
before the committee proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill, or afterwards. The committee can
proceed to perfect the bill, and then it is in order
to move to strike out all after the enacting clause.
Mr. EVANS. Is it in order to go back and
move to strike out any particular portion of the
bill?
The CHAIRMAN. That could not be done,
but the Chair thinks it in order to move to strike
out all after the enacting clause.
Mr. BROOKS. Would it be in orderformeto
move, for instance, to strike out the appropriation
for James river?
The CHAIRMAN. Not by itself, but with all
the rest after the enacting clause.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If that motion, to
strike out all after the enacting clause, is carried,
will not that be a rejection of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be if the House
confirms the report of the committee; not without.
Mr. JONES. I submit whether the committee
can reject a bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The committeecan easily
decide the question for themselves.
Mr. CLIJNGMAN demanded tellers upon the
motion; which were not ordered.
Mr. C. then asked for a division of the House.
The House was divided on the motion, and there
were—27 in the affirmative, and 76 in the negative;
no quorum voting.
_ Mr. CARTTER. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
[Cries " Call the roll!" " Call the roll!"]
The CHAIRMAN. There is a motion pend-
ing, and a motion that the committee rise and re-
port the bill is not in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. There was a mistake in
the count.
Mr. .TONES. The Chair announced that there
was no quorum.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has a risht to
ascertain by tellers whether there is a quorum or
not.
The Chair appointed Messrs. Chandler and
Hamilton as tellers.
Mr. COBB. What is the question?
The CHAIRMAN. It is upon striking out all
after the enacting clause.
The question was then again put, and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 28, noes 91.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. POLK proposed the following amend-
ment:
Provided, however, That no part of the money hereby
appropriated shall be drawn from the Tiea«ury, unless the
net proceed* of the Pales of the public lands "shall he suf-
ficient to satisfy the same.
Mr. Chairman, it is not my purpose to consume
five minutes in the discussion of this amendment.
But if the bill known as the Bennett bill, distrib-
uting the public lands to the different States, or if
the various railroad hills now pending shall pass
into laws, and the public lands are consumed in
that way, I would like to know where this money
is to come from ? If we dispose of all the public
lands, we must take the money from other sources
of revenue; and I am unwilling to embarrass the
Treasury, by taking the means which should be
otherwise appropriated, and squandering them
upon rivers and harbors. I merely state the prop-
osition, without intending to argue it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Polk's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
[Cries of" Question!" " Question !"]
