224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Sengtor will withdraw
that motion, inasmuch as I wish to submit a few
remarks on the subject at this time.
. Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the riiotion.
Mr. GWIN. I was absent when the Senator
from New Jersey concluded his speech. I wish
to make some few remarks upon this subject, but
I am not now prepared to go into the discussion of
this question, for a document which I called for and
hoped would be on our tables some days ago, has
only been placed before us this morning, and I
have h^d no opportunity to examine it.
Several Senators entreated the honorable gen-
tleman to yield the floor, as it was the usual hour
of adjournment.
Mr. GWIN. I will yield the floor, then, to the
Senator from Florida.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I again move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. DOWNS. Will the Senator from Florida
■withdraw the motion for a moment.-'
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DOWNS. I have been prepared for two
or three days to make a speech on the compromise
resolutions. I expected that I should have had an
opportunity to make that speech before this, and
therefore I would ask the honorable Senator to
move to postpone this subject until the day after
to-morrow, so that I can have the floor for to-
morrow.
Mr. MALLORY. I move, then, to postpone the
further consideration of this memorial until the
day after to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. That will be Friday, the
day which has been set apart for the consideration
of private bills.
Mr. PRATT. I would remark to the Senator
from Florida, that the only difficulty is, that Fri-
day has been already appropriated to a specific
purpose—the consideration of private bills; there-
fore if Monday would be agreeable to the Senator,
I would move to postpone the further considera-
tion of the memorial until that day.
Mr. MALLORY. Friday or Monday—it is
indifferent to me.
The motion to postpone until Monday was then
agreed to.
ANNIVERSARY OF THE BATTLE OP NEW
ORLEANS.
Mr. BADGER. I would like to seize a single
moment to call the attention of the Senate to a sub-
ject which I am afraid may escape their observa-
tion. To-morrow is the 8tb of January, the anni-
versary of the victory of New Orleans. The other
House, I believe, in accordance with usage has
adjourned over until the day after to-morrow.
We should not be behind them in respect for the
day. As some of my Democratic friends do not
like to take the responsibility of making this mo-
tion, I move that when the Senate adjourns it
adjourn to meet on Friday.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
admit a certain vessel to registry, was read a first
and second time by its title, aiid referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The House bill in relation to a certain lot of
ground in the town of Gnadenhutton, in the State
of Ohio, was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
WILLIAM DARBY'S RELIEF BILL.
The engrossed bill for the relief of William
Darby was read the third time and passed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jaimary 7, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbpry Dickixs, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the bill of the
House, entitled " An act making an appropriation
to meet the expenses which were incurred in con-
sequence of the late fire at the Capitol."
Mr. BRIGGS moved that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
The question was taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. My object in rising now is
to make a suggestion to the House, that the few
minutes left before the special order of the day is
executed be appropriated, by universal consent,
to the reception of bills from all gentlemen who
have bills to offer, for the purpose of referring
them to committees. I have no bills myself to
offer at all, but I know that there are several gen-
tlemen here who have. I move, then, that uni-
versal consent be given.
[Cries of " Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
Mr. CLARK, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Edward Brown; which was read the first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BAYLY. I am directed by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs to report back a bill 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object. The Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs can report at any time.
Mr. BAYLY. I report it, then, upon my in-
dividual responsibility.
Mr. BAYLY then, on leave, introduced "A
bill for the relief of American citizens lately im-
prisoned and pardoned by the Glueen of Spain;"
which was read a first ana second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BELL, on leave, introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled "An act granting bounty
lands to certain officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the United
States," approved September 28,1850; which was
read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. B. I ask that the Clerk shall read a short
communication from the Secretary of the Interior.
[Cries of "I object!" "I object!"]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move the reference
of the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BELL. I do not wish to take up the time
of the House. It is a general act, and I make
this motion for the purpose of having the com-
munication printed. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
It was so ordered.
Mr. LOCKHART, on leave, introduced a bill
"granting the right of way and making a donation
of land to the States of Indiana and Illinois, in aid
of the construction of arailroad from New Albany,
in the State of Indiana, via Mount Carmel, on the
Wabash river, to Alton, m the State of Illinois;"
which was read the first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, on leave, in-
troduced a bill "granting to the States of Arkan-
sas and Missouri the right of way and a portion
of the public lands, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from St. Louis, Missouri, via Little Rock,
to a certain point on Red river, near the town of
Fnllerton,in Arkansas,and for branches thereto;"
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SIBLEY, on leave, introduced a bill pro-
viding for the survey of the Mississippi river above
the Falls of St. Anthony; which was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. S. moved that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
Mr. DUNHAM said that all other bills of this
kind had gone to the Committee on Roads and
Canals. He moved its reference to that com-
mittee.
The question was first taken upon Mr. Sibley's
motion, and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dun-
ham's motion, and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia, on leave, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the survey of artificial
sites for reservoirs, to be constructed in the main
affluance of the Ohio river, in accordance with the
plan submitted to Congress by Charles Ellet, jr.,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. POLK. I rise to a privileged question.
The hour is approaching when the order of the
House is to be executed, and I have a motion
which I desire to submit. I will, however, give
way to enable i"entUmei«fc'i get in their bills, with
the understanding tjfat I shall have the opportu
mty to submit myprivileged motion.
Mr. HENN, on leave, introduced a bill to
create three additional land offices in the State of
Iowa; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. H. also introduced -a bill to continue half
pay to certain widows and orphans; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. McMULLIN, on leave, introduced a bill
making grants, on certain conditions, to the Vir-
ginia and Tennessee Railroad Company, to aidirT
the construction of their railroad; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and I desire the attention of every gentleman
present 
Mr. POLK. I rise to a point of order. [Great
laughter and confusion in the Hall.] By universal
consent, as I understood it, I was to be allowed to
make the motion that the ladies be allowed to oc-
cupy seats within the bar. [Laughter.] The gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] I believe,
is about to make that motion. He is going to take
the wind out of my sails. [Roars of laughter,
and great confusion.] I find, Mr. Speaker, to
treat this question seriously 
Mr. BISSELL. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman reduce his
point of order to writing? [Laughter.]
Mr. BISSELL. My point of order is, that
there is no question before the House.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] can
gubmit his motion; but not otherwise.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask most respectfully
that the House of Representatives shall be as cour-
teous and respectful to the ladies of our country as
was the Senate of the United States; and that, by
the unanimous consent of the House, the ladies
be permitted to appear within the bar of the House
and witness the ceremonies of the day.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The doors were then thrown open, and the va-
cant space outside the bar was soon filled with la-
dies. Many were also introduced within the bar,
the members vacating their seats for that purpose.
Mr. COBB, on leave, introduced the following
bills; which were severally read a first and sec-
ond time by their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands:
A bill granting the right of way and alternate
sections of the public lands to the State of Ala-
bama, for the purpose of constructing a railroad
from Selma to the Tennessee river, in said State;
A bill granting the right of way and making a
grant of public lands to the States of Mississippi
and Alabama, to aid in the construction of the
Memphis and Tennessee railroad; and
A bill to graduate and improve the price of the
public lands belonging to the United States, and
for other purposes.
Mr. PHELPS, on leave, introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide for the
payment of horses and other property lost or
destroyed in the military service of the United
States," approved March 3,1849; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FOWLER, on leave, introduced a bill for
regulating the mileage of members of the Senate
and House of Representatives; which was read a
first and second time by its title.
Mr. F. moved that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Mileage.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object to that motion.
When this matter is referred, I want another
matter to go with it, and that is the payment of
members after the time for which they have been
elected has expired.
Mr. FOWLER. I will withdraw my motion
for the present.
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. BISSELL, on leave, introduced a bill ma-
king a grant of public land to the several States of
the Union, for the benefit of indigent insane per-
sons; which was read a first and second time by
its title. 3
Mr.^ B. moved that the bill be referred to a select
committee of five.
. Mr. HALL moved to refer it to the Committee
on Public Lands.
