226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9^
in the Delaware river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce. ,
Also, a memorial of the Commissioners of the
town of Newcastle, Delaware, praying: an appro-
priation for the improvement of the harbor at that
pJace; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CLARKE. I am requested to present to
the Senate a petition signed by a large number of
merchants and underwriters in the State of Rhode
Island, asking Congress to make provision by law
for the survey of such parts of the China seas,
Straits of G-aspar, and Java sea, as lie directly in
the track of vessels proceedingto and from China.
I move that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce; and I beg leave to suggest
to the committee that some provision should also
be made to facilitate our trade in the North Pacific,
so as to change the course of that trade, which
now has to pass around Cape Horn to California,
and thence to China.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am instructed to present to
the Senate a memorial signed by (he journeymen
bookbinders of the city of Washington, in which
they set forth their views at length why no con-
tract should be made for the binding of the public
documents. That matter has been considered by
the Committee on Printing, and there is a resolu-
tion now before the Senate proposing to make a
contract. Inasmuch as the committee have acted
upon the matter, I move that the memorial lieupon
the table, with a notice which I shall now give that
when the subject shall come up for consideration
before the Senate, I shall move the reading of that
memorial, th$.t the reasons stated by the book-
binders may be thus presented to the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, m the District of Columbia, pray-
ing the incorporation of the Eagle Steamboat
Company; which was refcnod to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN ANT) REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That leave be given to withdraw the position of
Joseph Vea/.ir.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Rdwuid Dcvtur, on the
files of the Semite, be icfeued to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William !>. Porto, on the
file? of the fSenat'*, be itiiWied to the Committee on Foieigu
Relation*.
On motion bv Mr. MASON, it was
Oi dvr<-d. That tin* nuMnoiial of flic heirs of Caleb Swann, \
on the iih-> of tin* vSenatc, he reterred to the Committee of I
Claim.-. I
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was j
Ordncd, That the petition of tin: i'loneei Cotton Man- i
nfaetmimj Company oi Ceoi^efou n, on the (il<^ of the ,
Senate, he ruicricd to the Committee for the District of Co- |
lumhia. j
On motion by Mr. .BRADBURY, it was ;
O.dv-cd. That the document on the tiles ot Urn Senate j
lelatins to the claims o( the State* of .Maine and Ma^a- 1
clia^etN a yam- t the United Suite* under the ueaty of Uth i
AHLi'i-t, 1812. between tin1 United States and Crcat Biitam,
be i.'lerie.t to the Committee on the Judieiaiy.
On motion by ATr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee ol Claims be discharged
fiomthe truther ron-ideiation of the petition of Colonel
John C. and that it be reieired to the Committee on
Military Art'aits.
On motion by Mr. NORRIS, it was
Ordeicd, That the memorial of ComlwWreemvell, on the
files of the Senate, be reteired to the Committee ol Claims.
STATE OF THE SURVEYS.
outstanding loan office and final settlement certifi-
cates issued for money loaned, or for services, or
for supplies during the revolutionary war.
Mr. GEYER gave notice J.hat he should ask
leave to introduce a bill declaring the assent of
Congress to the State of Missouri to impose taxes
on lands hereafter sold by the United States in
said State, from arid after the day of sale.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice that he should ask
leave to introduce a bill to grant a quantity of the
public land to the State of Arkansas, to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the Mississippi
river to the western boundary of Arkansas, by
the Helena and Fort Smith Railroad Company.
| BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLEMENS, agreeably to previous notice,
j asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
I relief of Thomas Snodgrass; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Sarah D. McKay, widow of Lieutenant
Colonel McKay; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CLARKE, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to re-
mit or refund duties on goods, wares, and mer-
chandise destroyed by fire; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BORLAND, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a hill to
amend the act approved March 2, 1853, entitled
"An act to providefor the punishment of offences
committed in cutting, destroying, or removing live-
oak and other timber or trees reserved for naval
purposes;" which waa read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was refeired thememoiial of H. P. Dor-
sey, submitted anadveise repoit; which was or-
deied to be printed.
tie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the lull for ihe relief of Theodore
Ollutt, reported it with an amendment, and sub-
mitted a report on the subject, which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill to provide a room tor the Congres-
sional Library; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and consideied as in Committee
of the Whole; and no amendment being made, it
was reported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time, and subsequently it was
read a third time and passed.
The bill simply appropriates the sum of §1,200,
to be expended under the direction of the Super-
intendent of the Public Buildings, to fit up a room
temporarily for the reception of a portion of the
books of the Congressional Library.
Mr. W ADE, from the Committee of Claims, to
whom was referred the memorial of A. H. Cole,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read a iirst time and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of James Dun-
ning, reported a bill for his relief; which was read
^ a first time and passed to the second reading.
' MAIL SERVICE IN CALIFORNIA AND OREGON.
General to Congress, both at the last and the
present session. Contracts were made in Califor-
nia and Oregon at the same time and under the
same circumstances as contracts were made else-
where. A proposition was before Congress last
session authorizing contracts to be opened by the
agent in California,, and the "contracts to be made
there. Owing to the confusion which prevailed
at the close of the session, this amendment to the
Post Office bill was not adopted- These contracts
have been made by the agent and the postmasters
in California and Oregon, containing a stipulation
that they might be set aside if it should be de*-
sired by the Postmaster General, inasmuch as
they did not reach here by the stipulated time.
All the mails are carried there by contract at this
time, and at a rate of some forty or fifty per cent,
cheaper than formerly. The Postmaster General
has recommended that 'these contracts be con-
firmed; and if they are confirmed, they will re-
main in force until the year 1854. If they are
rejected, new contracts will have to be made, and
a large additional expense will undoubtedly be
incurred in the transportation of these mails.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time.
RESOLUTIONS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. Walker the 17th
December, concerning the relations of the United
States with foreign nations; and,
On potion by Mr. WALKER, it was
fmtlier consideration thereof be post-
un motion by Mr.
Ordered, That the fiat
ponufl until to-morrow.
W PRIV^
tion i
ResolrvA, That the Secretary of the Senate he directed
to employ a draftsman to maik and lay down on the nup=:
now m the room oi" the Coimmtwe on Public LaiaK the
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on the Post Of-
_______ _ • I fice and Post Roads have instructed me to report
Mu SlIIKLDb^uoimtted the following resolu-! a j0jnt resolution of the Senate and House of
or consideiation: I1 Repregentatives to authorize the Postmaster Gen-
eral to legalize certain contracts for the transporta-
tion of the mails m California and Oregon. As
state o'i the.sui\eys, and also show what has been disposed ' *his a matter ot some importance, I hope there
of by .-ale oi otlK-rwi^c. The rate ot compensation tor the j will be no objection to its being considered now,
<nal*1,8 tilu sume as> l'ial 01 a cl«rk not exceeding i an(j j as^ the unanimous consent of the Senate to
&i,80U per annum. ; . ,
that end.
NOTICES OF BILLS. j The Senate proceeded to considerthe resolution
Mr. BA1ARD gave notice that he should ask j! as in Committee of the Whole, and no amendment
leave to introduce a bill concerning the sessions j. being offered, it was reported to the Senate.
of the courts of the United States within the State Mr. NORRIS. I should like to have some ex-
of Delaware. | planation of this resolution.
Mr. BRODHEAD gave notice that he should:; Mr. RUSK. The object of the resolution is
ask leave to introduce a bill for the payment of L fully explained in the report of the Postmaster
PRIVATE CLAIMS. *
On the 22d of December last, the Senate adopted
the following resolution:
Resolved, That after the 1st day of January next, Fridays
of each week shall be set as-ido for the consideration of
private claims, and that on those days private bills have
priority ovui all othei business. '
The PRESIDENT, after the presentation of
executive communications this morning announced
to the Senate, that under that resolution this day
had been set apart for the consideration of private
claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. Does that include the morn-
ing hour?
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is compre-
hensive so as to cover the whole.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask leave to introduce a
private bill of which notice has been given.
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order accord-
ing to the resolution, which requires that we shall
proceed in the order as laid down by the calendar.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hold in my hand a private
petition which I wish to present.
Tile PRESIDENT, it cannot be presented.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it not competent to post-
pone that business, or would it require a suspen-
sion of the rule?
The PRESIDENT. It is an order of the Sen-
ate, and not a rule which requires notice to change
it. The execution of the order of the Senate may
be postponed by a majority of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I move, then, that the execu-
tion of that order be suspended until one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
When the hour of one o'clock arrived, the con-
sideration of private claims was announced as the
special order.
Mr. GWIN. I am entirely in favor of the con-
sideration of these private claims; but we have n.o
calendar, and it is very important that we should
have one, that we may know what the bills are
before they are called. I hope the chairman of
the Committee on Private Claims will consent that
these bills be passed by until we have a calendar,
and that the special order may be postponed, that
we may go on with other business. It is import-
ant that we have a calendar. We cannot act un-
derstandingly upon these bills without one.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It will not afford you any
information.
Mr. GWIN. I cannotactunderstandingly with-
out one; and if we postpone the special order now,
by next Friday we can be prepared and ready
to consider these bills. 1 hope "we shall go on
with the consideration of the resolution relating to
printing the returns of the Seventh Census.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not feel at liberty to
consent, nor do I know that my consent is neces-
sary. The Senate can dispose of the motion of
the Senator from California as it pleases.
