1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
♦227
Mr. PRATT. The objection of my friend from
California is, that we have no calendar printed.
Now, 1 do not know that we can le'arn from the
calendar-anything about the character of a bill, or
the propriety of its passage. Bills are upon our
tables as well as the reports of committees, and I
suppose that the reading of these reports will give
the principle upon which the committees have re-
ported. From these reports we may judge, but cer-
tainly not from the calendar. I do not think the
reason assigned by my honorable friend is such as to
make it necessary that we should postpone this mat- >
ter. It is now the first time within three years that 1
the Senate of the United States have made an effort
to devote one day in the week to. doing; justice to
claimants against this Government; and this very
first day that we propose to consider these claims,
a motion is made to postpone their consideration
because there is no calendar ready. I hope we
shall show the whole country that we are deter-
mined, upon this day, to devote ourselves to the
passage or rejection of as many of these bills as
we can dispose of. «
The PRESIDENT. There is no motion now
before the Senate.
Mr. GW IN. Then I will make the motion that
the order of the Senate, in relation to private
claims, be postponed, in order to proceed to the
consideration of the resolution in relation to the
printing of the returns of the Seventh Census.
Mr. BRADBURY. I certainly am not dis-
posed to interpose any objection to the considera-
tion of private claims, whenever we are in a situ-
ation to examine them. I was in favor, and am
still in favor, of the rule which was adopted, set-
ting apart a particular day for their consideration.
On a former occasion I gave my reason for favor-
ing that rule, which was, that by this regulation
we might have our attention particularly directed
to the consideration of cases of that character.
By an examination of the calendar we could as-
certain what cases were to come up, and then, by
a reference to the reports upon these cases, we
should understand something of their merits. I
do not agree with the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pratt,] that the calendar is of no service;
on the contrary, I regard it as highly important.
We all know that theie is such a multiplicity of
business presented to the consideration of the Sen-
ate, that we resolve ourselves into a sort of chan-
cery court to consider private claims—a work
which we are almost incompetent properly to per-
form; that there is such a large number of these
claims, that it is impossible to investigate every-
thing ; but by a reference to the calendar, we can
give our special attention to the cases which are
first to come up on the day set apart for their con-
sideration. I am, therefore, inclined to favor the
motion of the Senator from California, to post-
pone the execution of this order till Friday next.
We can probably have a calendar by that time,
and have an opportunity to look into the cases
which are to come up. and do justice to honest
claimants, while at the same time we scrutinize
all those cases which may be of a doubtful char-
acter.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senate, some time back,
adopted a rule the object of which was to facilitate
the transaction of business of a certain character.
Now if we are to repudiate that rule on the grounds
which have been urged to-day, it will be just as
liable to be repudiated on other grounds which
may be urged on other occasions. If we do not
now adhere to this rule which was adopted by the
Senate after much discussion, we might as well
abandon it altogether. I confess I am unable to
see the force of the argument in relation to having
a printed calendar. I presume that the bills re-
lating to private claims stand in their order upon
the regular calendar of the Senate, and there can
be no difficulty in taking them up in the order in
which they there stand. You take them up on
other days in that order; and there is no reason
now, when you have excluded other business from
being disposed of on this day, that I can discover,
nor any want of sufficient means of obtaining the
necessary information so as to act upon the private
bills which have been brought into the Senate and
reported upon. 1 am decidedly in favor of any
system which, as far as practicable, tends to sub-
divide and appropriate to particular times partic-
ular classes of labor. For this reason 1 think that
this reversing of a former order of the Senate, de-
liberately made, and that, too, on the very first
occasion of its being acted upon, will have a bad
effect, and tend to make the order a mere nullity.
Mr. GWIN. I made this motion for the pur-
pose of advancing^ the action of the Senate in
regard to private claims. For myself I confess
that I have not hitherto had time to examine these
claims. If we had a calendar we could examine
the bills as they would have to come up in their
order. I doubt whether the Committee of Claims
will ever report a bill which I shall vote against,
because they are close in their investigations. But
at the same time it is the duty of the officers of the
Senate to furnish a calendar, in order that we may
know the business of the session. "We ask for
the reading of reports simply because these reports
are not in the recollection of any Senators except,
perhaps, those who made them; and I have asked
that we may have a calendar, on the ground that
we would make much greater progress on this
day week than we would on to-day and this day
week together without a calendar. There are a
great many bills of this kind, and I am as anxious
to have them considered and disposed of as any
Senator can be. Now there is a question which
has been discussed by the Senate at great length,
and which might probably be disposed of to-day—
I mean the question in regard to the printing of
the Seventh Census; and there is another question
which the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Downs]
has been waiting from day to day to discuss.
Either of these questions might be brought up and
disposed of while the Senate is getting ready to
dispose of these private claims. I made the mo-
; tion with no other object than to facilitate the
j business of the Senate, because I want these bills
out of the way as soon as possible. j
Mr. WADE. Will it be in order to move to !
lay the motion offered by the Senator from Cali- 1
fornia on the table' i
The PRESIDENT. It will be in order. j
Mr. WADE. I fear thatweshallnotmakemuch
progress with anything if we go on in this way;
and i therefore move to lay the motion on the
table.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to say only a single
word, and perhaps the Senator from Ohio will
oblige me by withdrawing that motion for a few
moments.
Mr. WADE. I withdraw it.
Mr. PRATT. We have now occupied nearly
half an hour  
Mr. GWIN. Oh no; only ten minutes.
Mr. PRATT. Very well. Ten minutes, then,
we have occupied in discussing the question sug-
gested by the Senator from California. Now, the
last argument of that Senator is, that if \ve do not
act upon these private bills to-day, but postpone
our action until Friday next, we shall do more on
that day than we should do both to-day and next
Friday, when the calendar will be ready.
Mr. GWIN. So I think; that is, on the sup-
position that we have no calendar before us.
Mr. PRATT. But the argument proceeds on
the supposition that a calendar will be prepared
by next Friday; and then, that if we do not act
upon these claims to-day, we can do more on
Friday next than we can do on both days together.
Now,'I cannot see the force of that argument. If
the question is to be taken on the motion of the
Senator from California, I desire that we may have
the yeas and nays, so that the country may see
whether Senators are willing to postpone action
further in reference to claims of this character.
The Senator has remarked that he does not know
that the committee will ever report a bill for which
he will not vote. The inclination is rather to pro-
tect the Government than the individual. I think
the reverse should be the case, and that where an
individual presents a prima facie case of an honest
claim, they investigate it with all the scrutiny they
can give.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. PRATT. Very well, sir.
CASE OF WILLIAM P. GREEN.
The Senate'then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of a bill for the
relief of William P. Green. - ;
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, I beg leave to i
say to the Senate, that at the last session that bill ,
was passed by the Senate without a dissenting ,
voice. The bill is founded on a claim for services j
performed by him under an appointment as an
officer of this Government. In 1849 he received
the appointment of collector of ,the port of Provi-
dence, and he received a subsequent appointment
as measurer of salt, and thatappointment was sanc-
tioned by the Secretary of the Treasury* It.was
afterwards ascertained by the Secretary that the
two offices of surveyor of customs and measurer
of salt were incompatible. The duties of the'two
offices were performed by him, and though he
would have received the ordinary fees, amounting
to but little more than three hundred dollars, the' j
Secretary of the Treasury was obliged to disallow
them. The collector had no other recourse than
to apply to Congress for relief. I suppose .the
circumstances are all well understood, and I pre- •
sump there will be no objection on the part of any
member to the passage of the bill.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
. CASE OF JOHN A. M'GAW.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of a bill for the
relief of John A. McGaw.
Mr. HAMLIN. This bill received the favor-
able action of the Senate last year, and I believe
the unanimous vote of the Senate, after a slight
discussion upon it. If there be any necessity for
an explanation after the reading of the report, a
few remarks will place the matter distinctly before
the Senate.
The bill was designed to pay to McGaw the
sum of $1,400 for demurrage—flOOa day for four-
teen days, while his vessel was detained at Vera
Cruz, by the default of the agents of the United
; States.
The report was accordingly read. There being
no proposition to amend the bill, it was reported
to the Senate, and oidered to be engrossed for a
I third reading.
REPRESENTATIVE OF WM. A. SLACUM.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of the
personal representative of Wm. A. SJacum.
The bill enacts that the proper accounting offi-'
cers of the Treasury be authorized to settle and
adjust the accounts of the late Wm. A. Slacum,
and pay his personal representative, in addition
to what Mr. Slacum received in his lifetime, his
charges for expenses incurred in visiting the Co-
lumbia river in pursuance of the direction of the
Secretary of State, in the years 1836 and '37,
provided that the amount allowed for such ex-
penses shall not exceed the sum of §712 90; and
also to pay his said representative for services
rendered to the United States by Mr. Slacum on
that mission, at the rate of six dollars per diem,
commencing the first day of June, 1836, and con-
tinuing to the 15th day of March, 1837, provided,
however, that the amount of pay received by Mr.
Slacum, as purser in the Navy of the United
States, during the period of time embraced in the
above dates, be deducted from the amount of said
per diem allowance.
Mr. MANGUM. I suppose that no explana-
tion of this case is necessary. If any gentleman
l-equiies it, I will call for the reading of the report
of the committee. That bill has passed the Senate
three or four times, after a very full examination
by the late Mr. Sevier, who was at the head of
the Committee on Foreign Relations; and I think
it was reported with entire unanimity.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed fur
a third reading.
ELIZABETH ARNOLD. j
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Arnold was
read a second time, and considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It provides that the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place upon the pension list the name
of Elizabeth Arnold, only child of Jonathan Pitch-
er, a lieutenant in the .Navy during the revolu-
tionary war, and pay her during her life twenty
dollars per month, "to commence December 20,
1851.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Pensions.
The report was read accordingly, from which
it appears that Elizabeth Arnold is the only
child of Jonathan Pitcher, of Pawtuxet,in Rhode
Island, who was appointed by Congress a lieuten-
| ant in the Navy on the 2;icl of December, 177j,
i and who rendered highly important services to
