2004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 80,
§100,000, or moie, for the printing of the speeches
of the members of thi* body. We pay a very
large amount, which comes out of the public
Treasury, for the publication of those speeches;
and the question is, Shall the people be permitted
to subscribefor this paper, and read those speeches:
That is the whole question. Under the existing ;
law they cannot subscribe, because the postage j
prevents its being sent, except at enormous rates. !
Mr. GWIN. I think the Senator misunder- I
stood me. My statement was, that the reports of !
the proceedings of Congress in the Intelligencer 1
are more generally read than the reports in any j
other newspaper, because thev are more succinct, '
and give the substance of the proceedings, without !
going into unnecessary details. I think they are j
the most interesting and useful reports; and, as f
said before, if the Senator will bring forward a '
proposition to compensate the editors for their re- .
ports, I shall be willing to vote for it. 1 do not
think it is necessary to publish all these speeches. ;
I do not think the people read them. I think the •
publication of our proceedings are entirely too ex- !
tensive.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to a third read- :
ing by a vote, on a division, of ayes 21, noes 17.
It was then read a third time and passed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The PRESIDENT. The hour of one o'clock
having arrived, private bills come up in their I
order. i
Mr. HUNTER. I move to suspend, for the j
remainder of the day, the operation of the order !
requiring to-day to be devoted to private bills, for !
the purpose of taking up the Indian appropriation j
bill. !
Mr. CLEMENS. I hope that motion will not
prevail. We have on our table a number of pri-
vate bills which, if passed at all, must be passed
to-day. It is a matter of very little importance
whether the Indian appropriation bill gets through
this week, next week, or the week after. Nobody
will be affected injuriously by it, if it does not
pass until the end of the session. But there are
claimants here who have just claims on the Gov-
ernment, whose claims we know will not be at-
tended to—for this session at least—unless they
are disposed of to-day. Claimants are here de-
manding justice at our hands. I hope it will be
granted to them.
Besides, there are other reasons why the Indian
appropriation bill should not be taken up to-day.
The chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs [Mr. Atchison] has not concluded an exam-
ination which he has been making in relation to
the very next amendment which comes up. There
is also an amendment to be offered by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, in which the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] feels a great, deal of
interest, and he is de'ained to-day by the sickness
of his son. if the bill should be taken up, there-
fore, we should be compelled to postpone it, be-
cause Senators would not go on with it under the
circumstances. At any rate, it would be impos-
sible to get through with it to-day, and it is
wholly immaterial whether we get through with
it or not to-day. ft is not necessary that it should
be passed to-day. Theie is no pressing necessity
for it. There is no immediate demand for its
passage, and we know that if the private hills ?ire
postponed now, they will not be considered again
for the remainder of the session. I hope we shall
proceed to the consideration of the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I think there
would not have been so many private bills upon
the Calendar undisposed of, if the Senate had
agreed to sit on Saturdays. I recollect, that on
last Friday my friend from Alabama himself made
the motion to adjourn over until Monday, and I
am not sure but that he made the motion on more
than one occasion. I have thought that, it would
be better for us to sit on Saturday for the very
purpose of disposing of the bills on the Private
Calendar, for every one must see that unless these
bills are acted on now, there is no probability
whatever, that they will pass the House of Rep"-
resentatives at the present session.
In order, therefore, to dispatch, particularly that
portion of the business accumulating on ourhands,
ft would be better for the Senate to sit on Satur-
day.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I suspect that
we have passed and sent to the House as many
private bills as they will be likely to act upon at
this session, or as they will have time enough to
act upon. There is time enough for us to act
upon any private bills which may have been sent
by the House of Representatives. But I fear it
would be throwing away time now to consider
any more of our own private bills, and send them
to the House.
Nor do I agree with the Senator from Alabama,
that it is a matter of no importance whether the
Indian appropriation bill is settled this week or
next week. We have proposed to adjourn on the
31st of August. If we do so, it will require us to
occupy ourselves industriously. If we mean to
discharge the public business of the country, there
are other things to do—there are other public
measures, besides the appropriation bills, to be at-
tended to. Nor does it follow that we should do
nothing in relation to the Indian bill at all, on ac-
count of what has been said by the Senator from
Alabama. It is true, there is an amendment which
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
wishes further time to examine. That amendment
could be laid over. But there are other amend-
ments of the Committee on Finance, and thereare
amendments which the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, I understand, is now prepared to offer as
soon as the Senate shall be through with the
amendments proposed by the Committee on Fi-
nance. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will
proceed to the consideration of the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I hope we
shall go on with private bills to-day. At an early
period of the session, we recognized the propri-
ety of giving these private bills a fair consider-
ation, and made it a portion of our rules that we
would devote Friday of every week to their con-
sideration. We have, time after time, suspended
that rule, and put off private bills sometimes for
as many as three Fridays in succession. Now,
towards the close of the session, when we know
there are private bills here, the justice and the
pressing necessity of which no one will deny, and
which cannot be passed, as the Senator from Ala-
bama has suggested, at this session, unless acted
upon to-d^y, we are called upon to postpone
them. I do think that from these considerations,
and from common justice, we ought to proceed to
the consideration of private bills.
Mr. HUNTER. I am informed by the Secre-
tary of the Senate, that we have never passed as
many private bills atanysession before, as at this
session; so that I think it is not fair to say that
the Senate has done injustice to private claim-
ants.
Mr. RUSK. 1 am very sure that we have not
passed half as many private bills as we ought to
hove passed. There are many bills on the table
which have been reported and re-reported, passed
and repassed. If we have passed some at this
session, ond now refuse to consider the rest, it is
making favorites of some claimants against the
Government, and postponing others.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to say a word in re-
ply to the Senator from California, [Mr. Wel-
ler.] He says that on last Friday I made a !
motion to adjourn over, and thereby defeated the !
action of the Senate on private bills on Saturday, i
Why, does not that Senator know that if we had j
met on Saturday, not one solitary private bill \
would have been touched? Does he not know \
that by a standing rule of the Senate, we take up i
private bills on Fridays. Besides, I do not know |
whether last Friday was wasted, but other mat- '
ters took precedence.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator is mistaken as j
to what I did say. I did not say that private bills j
necessarily came up on Saturday, but that we j
might have sat on Saturdays and disposed of some i
of them. That is my opinion still. i
Mr. CLEMENS. We have never spent any j
day upon private bills, except days specially set j
apart for them. If we were to sit here from now j
till the beginning of the next session, we would i
not do so. I did make a motion to adjourn over j
on last Friday, and it is probable I shall make j
the same motion to-day—and I believe the Senator I
voted with me then. j
Mr. WELLER. No, sir. j
Mr. CLEMENS. He certainly did not vote i
against the motion. j
Mr. WELLER. The Senator is mistaken. 1
never voted to adjourn over.
Mr. CLEMENS. I believe there was no di-
vision on the motion, and we know that gentle-
men are sometimes willing to have it done, al-
though they do not want to help to do it.
The motion to suspend the order requiring pri-
vate bills to be taken up, was not agreed to, the;e
being, on a division, ayes 18, noes 20.
JOSEPH H. D. BOWMAE.
Mr. DOWNS. There is a. private bill which
was laid on the table some weeks ago, which I
wish the Senate now to take up and dispose of.
It is a bill for the relief of Joseph H. D. Bow-
mar. It was laid on the table under peculiar cir-
cumstances. The Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
!! Felch,] thechairman of theCommitteeon Public
lj Lands, and myself differed about a material fact
i in the case, and I therefore consented that the bill
;j should be laid on the table. Since that time, I
[i have examined the matter, and I have satisfied
|| myself as to that point, and I therefore ask the
Senate to take up the bill now and dispose of it.
ij The motion was agreed to, and the Senate re-
I sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, its consid-
! eration. It provides for granting a patent to Jo-
j seph H. T). Bowmar, of Carroll parish, Louisiana,
j for a lot in fractional section No. 27, in township
'< 19, of range 13 east, in the district of lands north
j of Red river, subject to entry and sale, at. Oua-
j chita,in theStateoVLouisiana,contaimngone bun-
| dred and forty-live and thirteen hundredths acres,
j on final settlement certificate No. 9977, issued to
ij Bowmar on May 16, 1849; and that so much of
|| the second section of the act of March 3, 1849,
| entitled "An act for the relief of James G. Car-
i son," as confirms the selection made by the Sec-
| retary of the Treasury of said lot No. 27, for the
j use of public schools be repealed: Provided, That
; nothing in this act shall be construed so as to re-
duce the quantity of land to which that township
is entitled by law.
Mr. FELCH called for the reading of the re-
port of the Committee on Private Land Claims;
and it was read.
From that report it appears that Bowmar, the
memorialist, settled on lot No. 27, in fractional
township 19, range 13 east, in the district of lands
north of Red river, and became entitled to preemp-
tion in consequence of such settlement. This lot
having been improperly selected for school pur-
poses, upon an appeal to the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, the selection was revoked, January 4, 1849,
and the memorialist was permitted to enter his
preemption. Before the entry was actually made,
however, Congress, in ignorance of his rights,
passed an act for the benefit of James G. Carson,
by which Carson was permitted to enter the lot No.
27, which had been entered for school purposes by
the proper officers, and for the settlement of which
the memorialist had obtained a certificate hearing
date May 16th, 1349. Owing to the obstacle aris-
ing from the act of Congress for the relief of Car-
son, a patent was refused to Bowmar. The com-
I, mittee, therefore, are of opinion that a bill should
;i be passed allowing the memorialist to enter on this
Ij section.
Sj Mr. FELCH. This bill was reached in its
I' order some time ago, and upon my motion, I be-
lieve, it was then laid upon the table. Since that
time I have looked into the facts in relation to it,
and as I have not my memorandum here, notsuim-
posing it would again be called up out of its order,
my recollection is not very fresh in regard to it.
I was satisfied, however,from examining the mat-
ter, that this bill ought not to be passed. The diffi-
culty about it is, that the land to which a preemp-
tion right is proposed to be given in this hill is, in
point of fact, school land belonging- to the Suite,
being, I believe, the sixteenth section, winch, in
each township, is set aside by general law foi
school purposes. It seems to nave been claimed
by preemption right for an individual named Car-
son, and a law was passed by Congress allowing
him to enter the land, providing, at the same time,
as the general law provides, that if the sixteenth
section should be taken in that way, the parties
might select another in lieu of it. Those authori-
ties selected this twenty-seventh section, and it
became the property of the State for school pur-
poses.
I think there has been some subsequent action
on the matter by Congress, and yet, after all, there
