1852.
the congressional globe.
law to one child of one worthy an4 distinguished
mail. The propriety of doing so depends upon
the merit of the particular case, and involves no
principle that requires us to go beyond cases that
are equally meritorious. I make thesej;emarks in
reference to this particular case. I made the same
in regard to the case of Mrs. Worth, which lias
been referred to; and I do not hesitate to say, that
whenever any case equally as meritorious as the
case of Mrs. Worth, or this case, is presented to
the Senate, I shall be prepared to vote for it. I
think not only that correct principles of legislation
authorize and require us to do so, but that every
consideration of humanity and national gratitude
requires it,
I am prepared to go even further. I am prepared
to go as far as it is said the principle of this bill
would carry us. I do not think it would carry us
to the extent which has been stated; but whenever
a proposition is made to carry it to that extent, I
am prepared to go for it. As long as I have a seat
on this floor, I will vote to take care of the desti-
tute widows and orphans of those who have de-
voted their lives to the service of their country,
and especially of those who have died in conse-
quence of their devotion to the interests of the
country.
Mr. CASS. Before I vote upon this question,
I desire to ask a question. I did not listen atten-
tively to what was said, and should like to know
if the person for whose services the pension is
asked died during the revolutionary war?
A Senator. He did not.
Mr. CASS. He.did not die in the service, I
understand. Of course this petitioner, his child,
must be of a very advanced age.
Mr. CLARKE. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will answer his question, whether the
father of the petitioner died in the service. He
did not. He received for his service in the revo-
lutionary army his pay in what was called Con-
tinental money. But it is not upon that that this
poor lady rests her appeal for aid. Under the
circumstance it was her father's good fortune,
perhaps, that he did not die in the service of his
country; but it would seem as if it were her mis-
fortune.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Mo-sr;-. Berrien, Borland, Clarke, Cooper,Davis,
TIoh .'Ihs, Fish, James, Jones ol Iowa, Mamum, Miller,
Morton, Seward, Smith, Upliani, arid Wailc— Lf>.
King, McRea, Mallory, Morris, Pratt, Spruance, Sumner,
Underwood, Walker, and Whitcomb—24. .
So the bill was rejected.
MRS. MARGARET HETZEL.
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Margaret Hetzel,
widow and administratrix of A. R. Hetzel, late
assistant quartermaster in the Army of the United
States, was read a second time, and the Senate
proceeded to consider it as in Committee of the
Whole.
It enacts that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall be thereby authorized to allow and pay, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to Mrs. Margaret Hetzel, widow and
administratrix of A. R. Hetzel, late assistant
quartermaster in the Army of the United States,
the sum of §12,988 74, being the amount claimed
by him in the account rendered by him for a part
of the third quarter of the year 1838, and which
was disallowed at the Treasury.
Mr. BRADBURY called for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Military Affairs;
which was accordingly read.
It appears from the report that A. R. Hetzel died
nn the 20thof July, 1847, at Louisville, Kentucky,
after most laborious service at the city of Vera
Cruz, Mexico—leaving a wife and three children
to mourn his loss. He served in the Quartermas-
ter's Department more than twelve years previous
to his death. He disbursed large sums of money.
His accounts were all settled at the Treasury. In
an account rendered by the deceased for part of the
third quarter of 1838, there appeared this item:
"Percentage on disbursements on account of the
appropriation for preventing and suppressing In-
dian hostilities from the 4th day of July, 1836, to
the 30th of September, 1838, on $519,549 60 at
per cent., amounting to §12,988 74." That duty
was entirely disconnected from the regular quar-
termaster's account -which was covered by the
official bond. But during this very period his
disbursements on account of the Army amounted
to several hundred thousand dollars, and his ac-
counts were all duly closed at the Treasury De-
partment. He did not retain the amount charged
as percentage, but he considered that he was
entitled to it, in consequence of the unusual and
extraordinary responsibilities he assumed as
principal quartermaster in the Cherokee nation.
He established such a system of accountability
that not one dollar of the funds of the Government
placed ill his hands—neaily §800,000—was lost.
His duties were arduous in the extreme, as sev-
eral commanding officers represent. The charac-
ter of this officer was strictly honest and honorable.
To show it, the committee extract some items
from his accounts.
By the act of 3d March, 1839, claims of this
character were not thereafter to be allowed. This
cut off this claim. But the committee think that
that law ought not to apply to a case where the
extra service was previously rendered.
The report is accompanied by certificates from
Major General Scott and Major General Wool, as
to the good character of Mr.'Hetzel and the value
of his services to the Government.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand the case it is
this: This quartermaster discharged service that
belonged to his office, only he had a little more
duty than usual. But that was a contingency he
had a riglit to expect when he accepted office. I
believe we have long ago decided, by the passage
of a law to that effect, that we will not give double
pay to an officer who merely discharges the duties
required by the service. It seems to me that this
is contrary to law.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, in the absence
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, with whom this bill originated, I beg to
slate, that the servicesof this officerwere rendered
prior to the passage of the law prohibiting extra
pay being allowed to officers for services performed
while in the discharge of their duty, and that this
is the only case of the kind now remaining. The
reason why two successive committees, of which
I have been a member, have reported the bill unan-
imously-—for it was reported last year by the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,) no '
longer a member of this body—is this, $800,000 1
was sent to the Cherokee nation to aid in the emi-
gration of the Indians. The whole of the money
was placed in the hands of Captain Hetzel. It was
beyond his duty; he was under no obligation to
receive it and take care of it. The money was
placed m his hands by General Scott. He took
care of it, and, as General Scott says, he was
held responsible for the amount. He had to
employ various persons to disburse the money in
various sections of the Cherokee country. He
discharged the duty to the entire satisfaction of the
Government. This was all done prior to the pas-
sage of the act of March 3, 1839. When he re-
turned, he went to the accounting officer and paid
up every single dollar, claiming this amount of
two and a half per centum for the expenditure. Un-
der these circumstances the accounting officer said
he had no power to make the allowance. Instead
of holding on to the money,as officers did previous
to the passage of the act of 1839, he paid every
dollar into the Treasury, and laid his claim before
Congress. Since the period of the application,
the Military Committee has twice, to my own
knowledge, unanimously authorized the reporting
of this bill.
If there ever was a claim in which extra compen-
sation ought to be allowed, this is one of them.
And surely General Scott and General Woul
would never have given the certificates which
have been read unless the facts were as stated.
Why, there are hundreds of precedents prior to
the 3d of March, 1839, precisely in point. But
for the act of 1839 the auditing officer would have
allowed this sum. That act was passed before
Mr. Hetzel's accounts were settled; but the ex-
tra services were rendered prior to the passage of
the act. The act was to operate prospectively and
not retroactively.
This case is sustained by precedent. It is in
violation of no principle of policy settled prior to
1839. If the judgment of the Committee on
Military Affairs be worth anything, this bill ought
to be passed, for the committee was unanimous in
its favor. I believe it is as economical and care-
ful ass any committee of the Senate, iirrelation to
public expenditures. AH who were here during
the last session of Congress will irecollect the
speech which was made in favor offthis bill By a
gentleman who was then Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis.] it then passed with scarcely a dis-
senting voice, and went to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and was there lost in consequence of
th£ failure .of the House to act on private bills. It
is founded in justice and equity. There ean be j
no objection to it except an indisposition to pass
any claim, and the only reason why such inclis-
position can exist is a want of a thorough knowl-
edge of the subject.
I would, never have consented to the bill being
reported if T did not believe it just and proper that
the money should be paid. ]5fo lawyer or agent
of any character would have discharged the ser-
vices which Mr. Hetzel performed, so honorably
and settled so punctually, without being entitled to
compensation, and none who would not have
asked it. He has asked, and his widow now
asks for it, in conformity with the established
usage of the government down to 1839. As was
stated by the Senator from Mississippi last year,
this is the only remaining case of the kind, and it
is due to a meritorious, honorable, and worthy
man . It is not upon principles of humanity that .
this is asked. It is a matter of justice and equity,
I have nothing more to say.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I recol-
lect perfectly well the discussion that took place
at the time this subject was up at the last-session,
and I recollect the grounds on which this bill was
passed. It then seemed to me, and it now seems
to me, that it is reasonable. I had something to
say when I was a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives on the subject of cutting off all these
extra allowances, and a bill, if I recollect rightly,
was passed in 1839—it was a part of some appro-
priation bill—we had to get it into an appropria-
tion bill—suppressing all these allowances. The
practice before the passage of that "bill was, in
settling the accounts of officers, to make these
allowances. Congress determined to put an end
to that system forever; therefore, for tne'purpose
of accomplishing that object, they amended one
of the appropriation bills, so as to cut off these
extra allowances from officers of the Army. This
service of Mr. Hetzel had been rendered before
the passage of that act; and if he had been treated
like all other paymasters, this commission would
have been allowed.
The reason why this bill passed with the una-
nimity with which it did when it was up before
Congress was, that Congress wished to mete out
to hun the same allowances, by this bill, which had
been made to others similarly situated. He could
not get the allowances by virtue of the act of 1839,
which cut him.off before the settlement of his ac-
counts, although the service had been rendered
before. That is my recollection of the" whole
matter.
Mr. DAWSON. He paid over every dollar to
the Government.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Perhaps that fact ought
to be remarked. When Mr. Hetzel settled his ac-
counts, as the Senator has remarked, he claimed
the allowances usually made to paymasters; but
this law which had been passed in 1839, according
to the construction of the Department, prevented
his receiving it, and instead of holding on to the
percentage and allowing the Government to sue
him, he paid over every dollar, percentage and all,
and said he would resort to Congress, and see if
they would not treat him precisely as all othei*
paymasters had been treated. I think his punc-
tuality and promptness in settling his accounts,
instead of operating against him, ought to operate
for him.
The bill was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
GENERAL ROGER JOKES.
The bill for the relief of Adjutant General
Roger Jones was read a second time, and the
Senate proceeded to* consider it as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill enacts that the accounts of Adjutant
General Roger Jones shall be settled by the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury or principles of
equity and justice, and in such manner as to allow
him the pay and emoluments of Adjutant General
from the time of the reduction of the Army in
