230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
1821, to March 7, 1835, when he was restored to
his rank and commission in the staff of the Army,
the pay and emoluments of captain of artillery
which he received during the same period being
first deducted therefrom.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third, reading.
REPRESENTATIVES OF JOSEPH WATSON.
The bill for the relief of the representatives of
Joseph Watson, deceased, was read a second
time, and the Senate proceeded to consider it as in
Committee of the Whole.
It enacts that the Solicitor of the Treasury shall
be authorized and directed to cause to be executed,
on the part of the United States, a full release and
acquittance of the claims of the United States
against Joseph Watson, as one of the sureties of
Henry Ashton, late Marshal of the District of
Columbia, and that the property m the city of
Washington, at present held in trust as security
for the payment of said claim, be reconveyed to
his legal representatives free from such incum-
brance.
The report of the Committee on Indian Affairs
was read.
It appears from it, that the claim in question
has been before Congress for many years, and
reports for and against it have been made. The
services of Joseph Watson, for which his repre-
sentatives ask compensation, were rendered and
sanctioned by the head of the territorial govern-
ment of Michigan. But these services were per-
formed without any provision of law regulating
their compensation. The difficulty appears to
have been to ascertain the exact amount of remu-
neration for them. The services seem to have
extended from the year 1806 to 1812, making six
years, during which Joseph Watson performed,
when required to do so, the duties of superintendent
and storekeeper, for which he received no remu-
neration. In view of the difficulty referred to, the
committee being desirous to do justice between the
Government and the claimant, deemed it proper to
offset his claim, against a claim of the Government
against him as one of the sureties of Henry Ash-
ton, late Marshal of the District of Columbia. It
appears from an extract from the docket of the
Solicitor of the Treasury, annexed to the report,
that at the November term in 1849, a verdict was
rendered in the United States District Court in the
District of Columbia, in the case of James Wil-
liams, one of the six sureties of Henry Ashton,
for $8,150. It further appears, from the letter of
the chief clerk in the office of the Solicitor an-
nexed to the report, that in 1842the representatives
of Joseph Watson made an arrangement with the
Secretary of the Treasury, whereby his indebted-
ness to the United States, as one of the sureties of
Henry j\shton, was secured to the satisfaction of ;
the Government. The debt thus secured amounted !
to $1,375, for which a deed of trust on real estate }
in this city was conveyed to the Government. It |
appears that of the appropriations made for the
contingent expenses of the Territory of Michigan, i
from the year 1806 to ihe year 1812, there re- i
mained in the Treasury on the first of January, i
1813, a balance of *,1,050. No part of that appro-!
priation appears to have been paid, on account of
the Indian Department or to Joseph Watson. '
Taking into consideration the circumstances in 1
which the liability on the part of Joseph Watson ]
had its origin, and the fact admitted on all sides !
^ that the services for which compensation is at j
present demanded were actually rendered, but not !
paid for, while this balance of £1,050 for the con- ;
tingent expenses for the Territory of Michigan, ■
nearly the amount of said liability, remained in the 1
Treasury, the committee deemed it just that one ,
should be regarded as an offset against the other.
The committee gave evidence showing the value
of the sen ice, and concluded with the recommend- :
ation that the bill should be passed. i
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to hear the
bill read again. [ wish to see, if we undertake by
this bill to discharge one of* the sureties, how far :
it is to operate on the others. !
Mr. BRODHEAD. It will discharge them all,
Mr. RUSK. It would generally release them I
all; but if the honorable Senator had attended to |
the reading of the report he would have perceived I
that an arrangement was entered into between the i
Government and the sureties bv which each became '
surety for his own proportion. These representa-
tives of Joseph Watson became sureties for their
proportion; and to secure it they granted to the
Government a deed of trust. The bill will not. go
any further.
Mr. BRADBURY. The explanation is suffi-
cient. I was unable to hear the report when read.
I was unable to ascertain-the facts of the case; but
as I understand the Senator from Texas, the peti-
tioner performed services which may be oflset
against his liability as surety.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, some two or three
sessions ago, I investigated this case, and made
this report. At the last session, on a full investi-
gation , this bill passed the Senate by a large ma-
jority. There is a mass of testimony in the case
which has been collected by the representatives of
Joseph Watson, deceased. He has longsincede-
ceased. His representatives are females, and it
was with considerable difficulty that they could
collect this testimony. This judgment of the
United States against them is levied upon, and in
fact secured Ivy the only property which they have;
when, if the claim had been pursued at the right
time, there would have been absolutely due by the
Government of the United States to Joseph Wat-
son's representatives a larger sum, I have not the
slightest doubt. A difficulty with this case is, that
it has lain over for a number of years. The in-
vestigation showed that he performed these servi-
ces—that under one appointment he performed the
services pertaining to one or two other appoint-
ments. The testimony goes on to show further,
that in a critical time on the northwestern frontier
his services were invaluable.
There is a circumstance alluded to in the report
which is strong presumptive evidence that the
Government at that time intended to pay him for
these additional services. In the annual appropri-
ation for that Department there remains unex-
pended upwards of $1,000—almost the amount
asked to be released. The testimony is ample and
full that he was a faithful officer; that he dis-
charged those duties over and above those properly
pertaining to his appointment, and that those du-
ties accrued to the interests of the country. Now,
under such circumstances, with a very doubtful
claim against him, created by his generosity to-
wards his friend, amounting to about §1,300, the
question is, will the Government of the United
States, on such a showing as this, and when, I
have no doubt, if the claim had been pursued in
proper time, it would have been a much larger
amount, as a hard-hearted creditor enforce this
judgment against his heirs, and turn them out of
the last vestige of property that they have?
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator from Texas
has stated a fact on which this case may well rest.
He says the evidence was satisfactory to the com-
mittee that the petitioner had a claim for services
equal to the amount of the liability—a claim that
was equitable and just. That is satisfactory to
my mind, and I withdraw all opposition to the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
MRS. DADE.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of
Mrs. A. M. Dade, widowof the late Major F. L.
Dade, of the United States Army. It enacts that
the Secretary of the Interior be directed to place
the name of Mrs. A. M. Dade, widow of Major
F. L. Dade, deceased, late of the United States
Army, on the pension roll from and after the 18th
of December, 1848, for and during her natural life,
at the same rate of pension she has heretofore re-
ceived.
Mr. MORTON. That bill, as its title imports,
is for the relief of the widow of the late Major
Dade, of the United States Army. Major Dade
fell at the commencement of the Seminole war, in
Florida, in the year 1885. He fell in that battle
which is known m the history of that war as
"Dade's Massacre," when he and all his com-
mand, save two, were massacred by theSeminoles.
This bill passed the Senate during the last Con-
gress without any opposition. It went to the
House of Representatives, and there shared the
fate of all bills of that character. I hope it will be
the pleasure of the Senate, without any further
comments on my part, to pass the bill with the
same unanimity they passed it at the last Con-
gress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
ALLEN G. JOHNSTON.
The bill for the relief of Allen G. Johnston was
read a second time, and the Senate proceeded to
consider it as in Committee of the Whole.
It enacts that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall be authorized and directed to cause to be paid
to Allen G. Johnston, of the State of Florida, the
value of certain subsistence stores turned over by
him as captain of a company of Florida mounted
militia at the time he was mustered out of service,
on the 6th of January, 1840, to J. B. Collins,
quartermaster in the service of the United States,
but not credited to him by said Collins in his re-
turn to the Treasury Department; the amount so
paid not to exceed the sum of $123 63.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
RICHARD CHANEY AND OTHERS.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of Richard
Chaney and others.
It enacts that the land officers for the district of
Fairfield, in Iowa, shall be thereby authorized to
examine into and adjudicate, on their own merits,
subject to the revision of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office^, the claims under the pre-
emption act of June 19, 1834, to the lands on
which the towns of Fort Madison and Burlington,
in Iowa, are situated, under instructions that have
been or may be prescribed in relation thereto, and
independent of the appropriations made of these
lands for town sites, by the acts of July 2, 1836',
and of March 3, 1837. If the said land officers
shall decide that any of the said claims would have
been good and valid under said preemption laws
and instructions, if the lands covered by said
claims shall be appropriated, they shall proceed,
under the instruction of the General Land Office,
to ascertain from disinterested testimony the value
of the lands covered by such claims at the time
the claimants were deprived of them by their appro-
priation for town sites, and also the value of any
lot or lots, if there be such, purchased by such
claimants under the acts of July 2, 1836, and
March 3, 1837, as aforesaid; all Which they shall
certify to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. And it further enacts, that if the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office shall be sat-
isfied, by sufficient evidence, of the correctness of
the decisions of the land officers and the value of
the lands, he shall deduct therefrom the value of
said lands at $1 25 per acre, and also the value of
any and ^1 lands, if such there be, in either of the
said to\ms purchased by any of the said claim-
ants, under the acts of July 2, 1836, and March
3, 1«37, and pay the balance to the claimants
or their legal representatives, in certificates of
location, at the rate of £1 25 per acre, which
shall be located on any unsettled or unimproved
lands within Fairfied district: provided that pre-
vious to such certificate being located the claimants,
or their legal representatives, shall file with the
land office a relinquishment of all right, title, and
interest, in and to all the lands on which the said
towns are situated; and provided, further, that no
claim shall be adjudicated under the provisions of
the act, which shall not be presented within six
months after its passage; nor shall any certificates
be located which shall not be presented within
eighteen months after the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
1/ RUFUS D WIN ELL.
The bill for the relief of Rufus Dwinell was read
a second time, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider it as in Committee of the Whole.
It enacts that the Secretary of the Treasury be
authorized and directed to cause to be paid to Rufus
Dwinell the sum of $13,037 72, with interest from
March 4, 1837; the sum to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. HUNTER called for the reading of the
report of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; and it was read.
It appears that in the year 1837, James Thomas,
of the State of Maine, entered into a contract with
the Postmaster General for carrying a daily mail
between certain points therein specified, which
