1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
obvious that it will be impossible to obtain a vote
to-day.
The motion was agreed to, and the biil was ac-
cordingly so referred.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill of the House
of Representatives to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1852. The question pend-
ing was upon an amendment of the Committee on
Finance to add to the clause, " for continuing the
•collection and for publishing the statistics and
'other information authorized by the act of 3d
'March, 1847, and subsequent acts, $17,000,"
this proviso:
Provided, That the work shall be completed in five vol-
umes, and that at lea^t one volume ehall be published in
ea?h year until the whole scries of live volumes shall be
published.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee was to
substitute "Indiana," for "Indians," in the
clause—
For expenses of lemoval and subsistence of Pottawato-
mies of Indians, $2x>/>UJ.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee was
stated to be to strike out—
For expenses of continuing negotiations with the In-
dian tribes of Oregon, lying west of the Cascade moun-
tains, $12,000.
Mr. HUNTER,. This item was put in by the
House of Representatives according to estimate.
The Delegate from Oregon suggested that perhaps
there was something m it which requiied exam-
ination, and that it would be better for the pres-
ent, to strike it out. He has since been satisfied
that the item is a proper one, and that the objec-
tion raised to it was groundless. I do not there-
fore press the amendment to strike out.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was
after the following item in the appropriations for
the contingent expenses of the Legislative Assem-
bly of Minnesota: "For payment to Messrs.
Babcock, Wilkinson, and Holconibe, for revising
the laws, $500 each—$1,500;" to add:
Provided, That hoieatter no expense mcutred bv a Ter-
ritouai IjOjjMatuie --hall he paid out of the Tir<\Mn> of the
United State*, unless previously sanctioned 1>> Inw.
Mr. IIXJNTER. This iy an item for some ex-
penses incurred by the Territorial Legislature of
Minnesota, for the revision of their laws, without
any appropriation from Congress, or any author-
ity by law. The Committee on Finance deter-
mined to grant it with the proviso which they
have offered as an amendment, for the purpose of
putting an end to such practices, which are deemed
to be irregular.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was
stated to be to insert this clause:
Foi contingent expenses of tbo Senate, 5*137,77.">: Pro-
vided, That, at the commencement of each se-^on. the
yeerctarv ot the Senat'1 ^ball icpoit, through the President,
to the Senate, the oceup uion ol each person emploved or
who ha< been employed <lu nur th" previous year "in the
service of th" Semite, the compensation he receive--, fdo,-
tnniui-hinu; the reirutai (iota the cxtraorrimai v.) and a!-o
statin? ab.it lu may i err i \ r uinb'i con otic N to prrioini scr-
vices or fin in*-l> aiivflini^ to t!ic ,<ci:. e ; the i-aui ^ntement
to he accompanied b  a icfeienee to the law or ie^;h«tn>H
nmlei which :-!ifh person i- ejnp'u< d * Snd p.onded fur-
ther, That no oiheer oi o:!;et pci->>n <n fhc c.nojo1 meut t.i :
the ^oiutte shall hereaftei become a cn'itiaetoi to fuini-l) j
anything, or perloi m sei viee^ tor the Hc'iafe other than tlio-e :
imposed un him hi conndu.tlnjii of the s.ilnj \ u ijirji lie ie- i
nor <hall a draughtsman be employed foi the pm poses !
of the OommiUte on Public Lanth after the expiration of
he presviut session. I
Mr. HUNTER. I am informed by the Sena-
tor from Iowa, that he has this subject under con- !
sideration, that it has been specially referred to his !
committee by order of the Senate, and that he in- j
tends tj report some provision in relation to this '
matter very nearly similar with this, and that he
thinks it better that we should act on this matter
not by law, but by resolution. T have determined
not to press this amendment, hoping that he will
report his resolution.
Mr. BADGER. I did not exactly understand !
the purport of the remarks of the ho'nomhle Sen- '•
ator from Virginia. Do I understand him that he i
wants the whole amendment voted down, or only j
the proviso ? j
Mr, IIUNTER. Only the proviso. 1
Mr. BADGER. Then I move to amend the
amendment by strikiug out the proviso, so as to
leave nothing but the appropriation for the contin-
gent expenses of the Senate.
Mr. DODG E, of Iowa. The Senator from Vir-
ginia has correctly stated the facts. On the mo-
tion of the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Mangum,] the committee to audit and control the
contingent expenses of the Senate, of which I am
a member, has been instructed to inquire into the
expediency of reducing these expenses. The
draughtsman for the Committee on Public Lands
is referred to in this amendment by name, and if
the bill should become a law, with the amendment
as it now stands, the Senate would be estopped
from the employment of any such officer. I was
opposed to the passage of the resolution offered
by my friend fiom Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] for the
employment of the draughtsman. I thought, at
the time, that such an officer was unnecessary. I
am now satisfied that the Senator from Illinois was
right—that he understood the business of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands much better than I did.
I! I know that the gentleman who holds the position
1 has been employed with very great benefit to the
public service. He has been of very great ser-
' vice to the committee. I suppose his employment
| will be temporary. I was opposed originally to
; having such an officer, but I am now in favor of it.
i I should object, however, to his continuance as a
| permanent officer. We can dismiss him by reso-
, iution at any time. He is now engaged most m-
j dustnously in the service of the public, and the
i committee will bear evidence to his efficiency.
! Mr. HAMLIN. There is a single reason
1 which has not been stated either by the Senator
: from Virginia or the Senator from Iowa, which, I
j think, will settle this matter immediately with the
i Senate. The proviso which the Senator from
| North Caioltna moves to strike out, proposes to
1 put our contingent fund under the provisions of
Liw, and leave the contingent fund of the House
i entn ely under the control of the House. I think
wo should be in a position where we could use our
own contingent fund, or, if there is any restriction,
the same restriction should apply to the House
of Representatives.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
j to-, and the amendment as amended was adopted.
I The next amendment of the committee was to
j insert the following:
j To enable the Secretary of the Senate to pay for the
i copies of the icport of Dr. David Dale Owen, United States
! <ceoio<pst, on the geology of Iowa and Wisconsin, unil _Win-
uevou Temton , heietoforc ordered to be executed tor the
; iw of the Senate, under the special diieetion of the (.Join-
i mi.-^ionei of the Genet al Land OOiee, £.W.7o0.
' Mr. HUNTER. Since this bill was printed
we have received a reformed estimate from the
i Land Office, reducing the amount to $31,318 75.
| I move to amend the amendment, by substituting
| that amount for $33,750.
: The amendment to the amendment was agreed
■ to.
The question recurred upon the amendment as
amended.
Mr. HALE. 1 should like to hear some ex-
planation of tins appropriation for the payment of
thirty odd thousand dollars for printing geologi-
cal lepoits for individual States. There are other
States that have made geological reports at their
own expense, which would be glad to have them
published at the expense of the General Govern-
ment.
A'Jr. HUNTER. This was originally part of
the estimate for the contingent fund of the Senate.
In pursuance of a resolution passed by the Senate,
at this session, a certain number of volumes of
these reports were ordered to be printed. We
have had two estimates from the Land Office as to
their cost—the last cheaper than the first. Accord-
ing to the last estimate, they will cost the.sum
mentioned in this amendment. I do not know
when the order of the Senate was passed for the
printing of these books. I was not aware of it
until I saw the estimate in the contingent fund ;
but it struck me that the item ought to be in the
appropriation bill, and not in the contingent fund;
and, accordingly, there is a corresponding amend-
ment which we wish to offer, to provide for the
copies ordered by the House of Representatives.
Mr. HALE. I wish that the Senator from j
Iowa would favor the Senate with some of those ,i
remarks which he made m the early part of the i
session, against this book-making business. I i
wish he would expose the policy of the Govern-
ment and of Congress, in these wasteful expendi-
tures for the printing and publishing of books.
It seems to me, that instead of appropriating these
$30,000, the better plan would be to rescind the
order for the publication of the books. But I have
nothing to say as to that. I hope the honorable
Senator will be so kind as to repeat now what he
has said in opposition to this system before. Per-
haps other Senators do not remember so well as I
do, what he has been accustomed to say against
this system. I remember his remark?* perfectly %
and if he will favor the Senate with the same re-
marks now, I have no doubt that we shall strike
out the appropriation.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senator from Iowa
will do no such thing, because I should be sorry
to hear him make a speech which would be en-
tirely out of order. The question is not now on
the propriety of printing the books; but the Senate
having ordered them to be printed, the question is9
whether we will pay for them. It is a matter of
no importance, therefore, to know what were the
reasons which induced us to make the order.
Mr. HALE. We can rescind the order.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I have bo very accom-
modating a disposition that, notwithstanding the
advice of my worthy and excellent friend from
North Carolina—whose counsel i always receive
with the greatest deference, and to whom, for his
legal and other advice when we were members of
the committee to audit and control the contingent
expenses of the Senate, I acknowledge myself
greatly indebted—yet, notwithstanding his admo-
nition to the contrary, I feel that I am bound to
respond to the call of the Senator from New
Hampshire. I will then reiterate for his informa-
tion that 1 am now just as much opposed to the
seven, or eight, or ten hundred dollars9 worth of
plunder, in the shape of books, that are voted to
the members of each House of Congress as I was
at the beginning of the session, and as I am quite
sure I shall be at the end of the session, and at all
tunes and sessions. As the Senator has alluded
specially to me in connection with this book mat-
ter, I will make him u proposition. He and I
have each enjoyed a shaie of this plunder. I pro-
pose, then, that, fur the benefit of the country, we
mutually disgorge. If he wishes to make an ex-
hibition of his patriotism and economy in this
matter, let him just turn over the books he has got
to the Librarian, and I will pledge myself to join
him, and turn over mine too, for"the benefit of the
public. Then, when our geologists go on, under
the appointment of the Executive, and in pursu-
ance of appropriations made by Congress, into the
Territories of the United States, and upon the
public lands of the United States, and make these
geological reconnoisaances, we may be better able
to publish them. The Treasury is not, I believe, at
this time, very hard pushed, but still a sacrifice of
the kind I offer may give it some little relief; and
I propose that he and I should set a good exam-
ple. Upon the other subject, I wish to say to the
Senator and the Senate that these reports are not
of States, but of Territories.
Mr. HALE. Both States and Territories.
Air. DODGE, of Iowa. They commenced
when the States named were Territones. When
they were all your lands and your property, you
desired to know, as far as science could inform
you, whether there were contained, within the
bowels of the earth, minerals—lead, coal, tin, cop-
per, &c., which they do contain; and for your
own purpose, W!th_a view to the increase of the
minimum price, which you always raise in a cer-
tain case, when, by scientific investigations, you
ascertain that the lands come within a certain cat-
egory. For this purpose, you commence these
scientific surveys, which have received the atten-
tion of the Senate, and for which, from year to
year, just as now, these sums have been appro-
priated. This report was ordered at the special
session of the Senate last year, and the extra
numbers were ordered at this session; and, but
for the difficulty in relation to the printing, would
have been long since printed and distributed.
They are not for Senators. They are for the pub-
lic—for the people. They are for distribution, if
every man who receives them does his duty to his
constituents, as I doubt not all will.
The final report of Dr. D. D. Owen, for the
publication of which this appropriation is proposed,
embraces a country equal in area to four times the
