1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
contract was to remain in force for four years from j
the time of its date. Subsequently, in consequence
of the embarrassed condition of the Post Office De- j
partment, the service was reduced to tn-weekly, j
and for several months of the year there was no !
service whatever, with a view to a reduction in the
expenses of the Post Office Department. The con-
tractor had made all his arrangements for a daily
transportation of the mails, and for that purpose
had obtained the best carriages and Worses, It.
was necessary for him, when the change was made, i
to keep on the road a full force half employed, or i
lo sell his stock at a great loss at a season when i
that description of property was not in demand.
Under these circumstances, the contractor felt him- |
self bound lo be in readiness to adhere to the terms
of his original contract. He presented his account j
to the Department as if the service had been ren- 1
"dered. The Post Office Department paid him more j
than they would have paid for the reduced service,
amounting to $919 31 additional. Colonel Thom-
as, the contractor, requested that suit might be i
brought against him for the balance claimed to be !
due, and the trial took place before the circuit court |
of the District of Columbia, at the March term,
1841, The jury, instead of finding a verdict for
the balance, found a verdict of $13,037 72, with
interest from March 4, 1837, ill favor of Mr.
Thomas. No exception was taken on the part, of
the Government to. the verdict. The plea on the
part of the Government for having disallowed part
of the amount was, that there had been a change in
the service with the assent of the contractor, and
that the contract might be changed. In answer to
this, it was proved that Mr. Brown, an officer of
high rank in the Department, had notified the con-
tractors, Colonel Thomas among others, that so
soon as the Department would be able to do so, it
would make everything right. The committee did
not recognize the right of either party to cancel or
alter the contract without mutual consent, in which
case it could only be done, as they think, by an in-
strument of equal solemnity with the original con-
tract. In thepresent case no such formal change took
place. Although, in the opinion of the commit-
tee, the verdicts of juries do not always furnish a
very safe standard for measuring the liabilities of
the Government, yet, under the circumstances
of the present case, they cannot but believe that
they can find no better guide. The jury was j
composed of men of intelligence and respectabil- j
ity, which is attested in the strongest manner by
the highest authority; and the court is universally i
admitted to be one of great experience, of exten-
sive legal knowledge, and of entire impartiality.
The contractor was unable of himself to provide
the means of carrying out his contract. The pres-
ent petitioner, among others, made advances for
-that purpose. To save himself, Mr. Dwinell was
forced to purchase the claims of other parties.
He, in all probability, looked to the original con-
tract as a source of reimbursement; and the com-
mittee consider that the faith of the Government
was impliedly, if not expressly, pledged to his
payment. The committee, after the most mature
consideration, came to the conclusion that this
sum ought to be paid to Mr. Dwinell.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend the bill by
striking out of it the words " with interest from
the 4th of March, 1837." I believe it is not the
practice of the Government to pay interest on
claims against it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I know very
well what the rule of the Government has been in
relation to interest; but it seems to me that this is
one of the cases within the rule which the Gov-
ernment itself has adopted. There are certain
cases which have always met the favorable con-
sideration of Congress, wherein interest has been
allowed to the individual where payment has been
delayed, not by the remissness of the person to
whom the money was due, but by the failure of
the Government to pay him. Now, this report is
predicated, and this claim rests, upon the decision
of a jury; and that decision shows that this amount
was due to the person at that time. ^ Certainly, if
there is any safe basis for our action, it should
be that of a jury of the country where there has
been a trial, and witnesses have been examined by
the Government and by the claimant for the pur-
pose of adjudicating and determining the sum
due. It seems to me, therefore, that this is one
of that class of cases where the claimant is equi-
tably entitled to interest.
Mr. WH1TCOMB. Why has not this claim !
been presented before ? j
Mr. HAMLIN. There have been applications j
wtafie before, and if I am asked why it has not j
been granted, I can give the same reason that ap- 1
jslies to other cases; the want of due diligence on !
'lie part of Senators and Representatives. I think \
this is one of that class of cases where this com- 1
mittee have been right. It is true, I am this year i
a member of the Committee onthePost Office and
Post Roads, and I gave my concurrence to the re- j
port. It was, however, matured at a previous
session, when I was not a member of this commit-
tee. I think that the claimant is equitably entitled
to interest.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not feel the force of the
argument of the Senator from Maine. If interest
should be allowed in this case, I do not see why
it should not be allowed in every other case. It is
said that interest should be allowed because the
claim is due; and the same is said in relation to
every other claim presented here. I do not think
that the verdict of a jury gives it any particular
force, or gives it a better right to interest than
other claims presented here. The United States
does not allow itself to be sued; and why? Be-
cause it is afraid to trust itself in the hands of
juries. This is an indirect mode of accomplishing
what the law does not allow, and what the policy
of the Government is opposed to. Whether that
policy be right or wrong, I do not pretend to say;
but such has been the policy of the Government.
I am not satisfied that the claim is due at all. I
am not satisfied but that the change in the mail
service was according to the agreement of both
parties; anil I do not believe it requires an instru-
ment under seal to change the agreement. But I
have not examined the matter; and, as the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads report
this sum to be due, I am willing to let that go, but
I cannot consent to allow interest. If we establish
this precedent; if v>-e allow interest in this case, I
do not see why we can refuse it ill any other case
in which the Government owes a debt. It is no
answer to say that Congress did not act upon the
case at the time; because that would cover a vast
amount of money, and a great many cases hang-
ing over here from year to year. I hope the Sen-
ate will agree to the amendment, and not consent
to allow interest.
Mr. RUSK. I made the report in this case J
after a very full investigation of all the papers re-
lating to it. In my opinion, it is fully a legal claim |
against the Government. Certainly it is a very j
strong equitable claim which the individual has. I
As the report states, the contract was made by an ;
individual for the transportation of the mail, with-
out any reservation of power on the part of the
Government to reduce the contract. It was for
the purpose of relieving the Department from an
embarrassment, which was supposed, at the time,
to be temporary only, that it was changed, and
with the assurance to the contractor that what
was right in the premises should be done. The
contractor had gone on and stocked the road. He
had made all the necessary preparations, and gone
to all the expense necessary to complying with the !
contract. He was enabled to comply with the ,
contract by advances made to him by his friends,
but was unable to do it himself. By the arrange-
ment which was afterwards made, for the purpose
of relieving the Department, this heavy loss fell,
not upon the contractor, but upon those who had
made these advances to enable him to comply with
his contract.
There is a mass of testimony in the case. Ihe
testimony before the jury was, that the assurances ; _ it is truf
mentioned in his petition, and m th_e report, were , include tins case,
made from the Department itself.
It is brought here, near the Department, where
the testimony could all be taken, and where the
United States prosecuted the claim against the in-
dividual by respectable counsel, before a* higWy
respectable jury. The testimony is, that tire jury
were highly respectable men. This jury, sworn
to do justice and equity between the parties, in-
stead of giving a verdict of nine hundred dollars
for the Government, gave a verdict against the
Government for the amount named in tree bill.
There are peculiar circumstances in tRis case
which render it peculiarly hard to the individual
who now makes this claim. He made advances
to the contractor, but the contractor gave the pre-
ference to other persons who had made advances
to him. In order to avail himself of the benefit of
this security, whatever it, might be; in order to get
back the amount which he had actually advanced,
this individual had to go into the market and pur-
chase the rights of those who were before him.
So that he had not only advanced money to the
Government, but he has had to go into the mar-
ket and take up liabilities, in order to enable him
to try to get the benefit of his claim. This partic-
ular circumstance seems to me to present a very
strong case; and I am free to say, if I were a party
in inteiest, I could not consent, with myconscience
and my notions of right and wrong, to refuse to
pay the individual the interest as well as the prin- •
cipal.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I confess that
after hearing the Senator from Texas, I cannot
see that his argument touches the question .con-
nected with the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia. Like every other claim that comes be-
fore us, if we allow it, we allow it upon the ground
that it is just, and either a legal or an equitable
claim against the Government. But the general
rule is, that the Government does not allow interest
on claims against itself. Now, what distinction
has been pointed out which makes this case dif-
ferent from any other ? It is the case of a claim
ascertained by a jury, if you will. Claims may
be ascertained in other modes, but they are all
supposed to be just claims against the Government
when passed. If the general rule is not to allow
interest, what reason is there, and what reason
have the opponents of the amendment presented
why interest should he allowed in this case ? If
the rule is not right, rescind it in all cases, and pay
interest in every case; but if the rule be wise and
necessary, as I believe it is, the exceptions must
be few and rare m which the Government can pay
interest upon a claim against it. 1 shall feel my-
self impelled to vote in favor of the amendment of
the Senator from Virginia, that this claim of in-
terest ought not to be allowed. I see nothing in
the argument of the Senator from Texas, to bring
this as an exception to the general rule, that the
Government will not pay interest on claims against
'''Mr. HAMLIN. I think I may have been mis-
understood in a point which I designed to make a
few moments since. What I meant to say was
this; that this was a sum determined upon by a
jury, who had heard the evidence in a legal trial
between the parties, and that it ought to stand
higher in our estimation than it would stand on
that evidence which is of an ex parte character,
furnished to a committee here. Besides, if it had
been a judgment against an individual, the judg-
ment would have been enforced by the party in
whose favor the judgment was given. He would
have been entitled to recover that amount, and
would have received what would have been equiv-
alent to that sum with interest now.
It is true that there is no general rule that may
But there are particular cases,
numerous, as the Senator
That they were '! and they are very ^
in^ud'eiF to"bVfairiy performed at the time, the™ ( ^^^'^^xc^ltr^whirLs at
is not any reason to doubt; because the Depart- j
ment paid him an amount larger than the reduced ^
service, which they had made to relieve a tempo-
rary derangement of the Post Office Department
 J . 1 *11* ,1 _   , C liiinrtl'Dfi
least as much equity a? those winch are favorably
considered by the Senate. This is my view of
< the matter; and inasmuch as the claimant here, it
w,„ « jsasMr.is sr-Sf.sa?
™d, J, Ik. ;o«™« ij
General, to relieve the service for the time being.
All parties consented that a suit should be brought.
wueuuii I.lie 111 111'-' , I ; , _ • 1
whether interest upon tlie claim shall be paid.
