1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
I apprehend he would not be willing to do it for !
that, and I apnreheml that it does not come under ,
his contract. 1 cannot think, however, that under
the present arrangement it can cost $2 50 for bind- >
ing the volume. Why, for that price the binding ]
would be the most elegant we have ever had in
this country. The Senator must be mistaken as
to that point.
Mr. BADGER. I very much doubt whether
any binding of these works that is suitable and
proper can be procured for twelve and a half cents
per volume. It should be recollected that it is a
quarto book—that it is a book intended for preser-
vation, and from the nature of the materials that
are contained in it, it requires a strong binding.
The little binding—such as was exhibited 1.1 the
book held up by the Senator from Maine—may
answer for the ordinary books, on light paper, for
ordinary purposes; but for books of the kind to
which this amendment refers, containing plates,
and being of a description requiting ul.so \ erv
heavy and solid binding for their preservation, it
is all idle to talk about being able to bind them for
twelve and a half cents per volume. A man may
contract to do it tor that sum; but you may take
it for granted beforehand that he will not do it as
he ought to do it, for that sum. I agree with the
Senator from Arkansas, that the idea of thi.s vol-
ume costing §2 50 per volume for binding must be
an entire mistake. But I think it is preposterous
to suppose that such books as these could be pro-
perly bound for twelve and a half cents per vol-
ume.
Mr. CASS. They would be better without
binding.
Mr. BADGER. Yes, sir; it would be a (;roat
deal better to let the books be without binding,
and let each person bind them for himself, than to
have them bound in such a manner as they would
be for twelve and a half cents per volume.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not state the fact of my
own knowledge. I have stated what was com-
municated to the Committee on Printing, th.it the
binding of this volume was to be in morocco, and
gilt, and at a cost of $2 50 per volume. 1 do not
understand by what process the book can cost the
amount proposed to be appropriated here, unless
there is some extraordinary expenditure of this
character. Well, suppose the binder to the Sen-
ate shall not be able to place upon them a binding
for twelve and a half cents—his contract, as it is
said, holding him only to bind volumes in a quarto
form—a binding which should compare with this
which I hold in my hand '
Mr. BORLAND. I hope the Senator did not
understand me to say that the contract nf the
binder obliges him to bind olumes of that si/e.
1 meant to say that it contemplated books of that
si/c, and that he could not and would not have
undertaken to bind quarto volumes at twehe and
a half cents.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well; whether his con-
tract binds lum oi not to it in terms—whether,
under the terms of the contract, he is obliged to
bind the work or not, 1 will not stop to inquire.
But if he is bound to bind volumes of the octavo
size for twelve and a half cents, he can bind a
quarto book for twice the sum, and make the same
profit upon it, and will do n. Consequently, in
that view of the case, you may save at least two
dollars upon each volume by transferring the
binding of the book to the binder of the Senate.
I think by the terms of his contract he in hound
to bind it for twelve and a half cents a volume.
Still, if we have presented a volume that was not
contemplated when the contract was made, n-r-
tainly I would not hold him to the rigid terms of
it, but would allow him a proportionate sum, ami
twenty-five cents would be that sum; and thus we
would at least save two dollars on eacii volume
above its cost, if it should be bound in morocco
and gilt at a cost of two dollars and a half a vol-
ume.
Mr. CASS. If there is the least probability
that the binding is to cost such, a sum, it ourhttb
be prevented; and I would suggest the propriety
of inserting a provision to let the work be bound
under the direction of the Committee on Pnntin<r.
That would obviate all difficulty. We would be
sure then of having it done for a reasonable sum.
Mr. BADGER. I do not know whether the
Senator from Maine 1ms attended at all t«> the
binding of the Indian statistics, to which we made
some reference yesterday, under various names—
as the history of romance, and the romance of
history, m regard to the Indians. But that book
furmsnes a conspicuous example of the penny
wisdom and pound lolly of having valuable books,
or books supposed to be valuable, bound in a light
and insufficient manner. I can speak in regard
to my own copy of the work, that in less than a
month after I had it, it was coming to pieces. It
was bound with such insufficient and frail mate-
rials that they were not capable of holding the
weight of the paper together. Now, I would much
prefer, according to the suggestion of my friend
from Michigan, that we should put m a limitation
here, which would leave a reasonable range as to
the amount to be paid for binding—say not to ex-
ceed a dollar in value. If these books are to he
published for preservation, and are of the valuable
description supposed by my friend from Iowa,
they ought 10 be bound well and substantially, or
else the money paid for their printing would be
so much thrown away. If these books should be
bound for twenty-Jive cents a volume, they will
be bound in paper that will hardly stick together
for a month. Transferring them from place to
place will so detach them that the several plates
and sheets cannot be held together. This is the
case, I know, with the other book to which 1 have
alluded, at least with the one which came into my
possession. Other Senators may have been more
fortunate m thedesenption of binding of the books
that reached them.
Mr. HAMLIN". One word in reply to the
Senator from North Carolina. I understand him
to say that the volume* to which he alluded—I
believe they are the historical account of the In-
dians 
Mr. BADGER. Indian ronuin e.
Mr. H A ML IN. Yes, " Romance of History,"
1 think the Senator called it—came to pieces, after
a very short time, by their usage. Now, 1 think
the example which tiie Senator has given us is a
very unfortunate one for the position which he
has taken. The print inn and binding of that work
cost ten dollars a volume.
Mr. B A DGEli. How much did the binding
cost ?
Mr. HAMLIN", i do iu,t know what propor-
tion the one bore to the other. I do not know
what was the cost of the binding separate from
the printing; but I understand that the edition of
two thousand volumes cost $20,000, which is ten
dollars a volume. I do not believe that the dura-
bility of the binding depends so much upon its
exterior appearance as upon other matteis.
Mr. BADGER. .Nor do 1.
Air. HAMLIN". I believe (hat a substantial
binding, and one which is fully adequate to this
work, may be put upon it for half a dollar; and
for th.it reason I move, to teat the sense of the
Senate, to sti ike out ^31,218 75, and insert $20,000,
That will leave a margin of more than half a dol-
lar for binding.
Mr. BADGER. The case i referred to is not
unfortunate for my purpose. If the Senator will
look at that book he will find that an immense
outlay of money was retimed for the superb en-
gravings which it contains, and the very superior
letter-press and paper of which it js composed.
The real fact was, that they punted the book m
an admirable style, and then they thought they
could bind it in any. however imperfect, manner.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment of the
Senntor to the amendment of the committee is not
in order, inasmuch ys tiie sum appropriated was
amended to s3L218 75 by a vote of the Senate.
Air. BORLANO. 1 offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment, whu.li I think will meet
the difficulty:
P, ■->) ided. That no mote than h!'r\ cent - a copy -h.ili be
paid lor the bindin<j: of III'' bonk.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I now offer an amendment,
according to the mstruciion of the Committee on
Finance, to comeaitertheone which has just been
adopted, to provide for this work for the House.
The PRESIDENT. A proviso has been in-
serted m tins clause thet the binding of the work
shall not cost more than fifty cents a volume.
Mr. HUNTER. I propose to add that proviso !
to the amendment which. I now offer, as follows:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Repiesentative^ to
pay Tor thice ihou-.and i!\e bandied copies of the report of
Tlr. Da\ai Pale Owen on tne neology ofFowa, Wisconsin,
and Minnesota Tcr.aoi-y ordered bv n ic.-ol'ution of the
House of Representative? to be executed under the special
direction of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
£16,187 50- Provided, That no more than fifty cents acopy
shall be paid for the binding of the book.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would suggest whether,
before adopting the amendment, it might not be
advisable to limit the sum. It will be seen that
the sum of $16,187 50 is proposed to bepaid for a
limited number ofbooks. That sum undoubtedly
embraces the expense of binding contemplated.
"We therefore appropriate a much larger sum. than
will be necessary. The construction might be
that the whole sum would be paid, deducting the
amount of the binding for the work itself. I think
we ought not to appropriate beyond the necessary
sum.
Mr. HUNTER. The estimate was made by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office. I
have no means of knowing how much was esti-
mated for the binding, and how much for the other
portion of the work; and I therefore have not the
information to enable me to reduce the estimate
with sufficient certainty. I apprehend, however,
that if we attach this proviso to it—to pay not
j more than fifty cents a volume for the binding—
; the Commissioner will spend so much less than
j he originally estimated for that part of the work;
| how much that was, we have no means of know-
! ing.
j The amendment was agreed to.
i The next amendment of the committee is to add
i to the clause " for payment of the second and third
i ' volumes of the Fifth Series of the Documentary
' History, under contract with the Secretary of
' State, in addition to the balance of the appropria-
' tion of $35,000 per act of the 30th of September,
' 1850, $11,294," the following:
Provided, That m addition to the condition* jinpof-ed on
the contiactois in the act of March 3, 1843, making appio-
jmations lor the civil and diplomatic expenses of Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending the 30th ot June, 1844, it is.
hereby piesenbed that not Je s than two volumes annually
.shall be published, and that the whole shall be completed
in five > ears : And providedfintker, That the parties inter-
ested in tin* contiact shall signify their assent lo this fur-
ther condition in the mannci proscribed in relation lo the
other conditions conferred upon them in that act.
Mr. HUNTER. Before this proviso was intro-
duced, 1 consulted one of the contracting parties—
the printer—who was very willing that it should
be introduced; and it was a desirable object to
hasten the publication, if we could do so; but Col-
onel Force, the gentleman who collects the mate-
rials, came to see me in relation to it, and said that
it was impossible that he could get it out so fast.
I called at his office this morning, and he showed
me the mode in which he is collecting the mate-
rials; and he convinced me that this proviso would
require him to bring out the work faster than he
can do so consistently with the character and ob-
jects of the work. He says that, although he
cannot pledge himself, yet it is his interest to get
out the work as fast as possible; and he will en-
deavor to bring out three volumes in two years.
That being the case, I think we had better not
pass the proviso; and, therefore, I do not press it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee is to ndd
to the clause " to cover the balance of compensa-
tion due to the United States geologists for the
k Lake Superior region, and for Wisconsin, Iowa,
* and Minnesota, and to their respective assistants,
' including the cost of superintending the printing
4 of their final geological report, $5,952," the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That there shall be no further geological sur-
vey prosccutcd in Oregon, unless authorized by law.
Mr. HUNTER. That proviso was introduced
by the committee, because they found that a part
of this estimate of deficiencies was occasioned by
the employment of a geological surveyor in Ore-
gon, for which there had been no previous appro-
priation, and no law authorizing it. It had been
done because it was earnestly asked for by the in-
habitants of the Territory, I believe, or, at any
rate, by the Delegate, and because they thought it,
at the Department, politic to do so. But the com-
mittee believed that it was a dangerous practice,
and have offered this proviso to check it. I think
that geological surveys, especially after the speci-
mens which we have had of their expense, ought
not to be carried on without the authority of Con-
gress
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee is in the
clause for compiling, printing, and binding the
