232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
Although the total amount in this case is quite
small, it is a question of very vital importance—
one that has occupied a great share of public at-
tention during the past few years, and one tlyxt
may occupy it still more during the coming year.
Standing here, representing the State of Florida,
I have to say, that perhaps that State is more in-
terested at this moment in the question whether
this Government is bound to pay interest on ad-
judicated claims, than any other State in the
Union. I could refer to a very able opinion on
that point, recently pronounced by a Federal judge;
but it may not be pertinent to this question.
Tliis sum has already been adjudicated upon by
the consent of the country; and the question now
is, whether the country will go behind the adjudi-
cation—go behind the verdict of the jury, in
search of what it was that influenced the minds of
the jury. I think the United States are con-
"cluded. They have submitted to the suit: they
are, therefore, concluded. How can they inquire
why it was that the jury found this sum? They
must pay it. And then the question of interest
comes up. Every Senator concedes that the Gov-
ernment is forced to do justice by paying the
principal. The principle that the Government
does not pay interest is based upon the princi-
ple, that she is always ready to pay; and that the
neglect to pay arises from the laches of the claim-
ant, from a deUy to prosecute the claim in time.
I go further, and say that Congress has in no
case set forth the doctrine that the Government
will never pay interest. It is a mere rule of the
accounting officers. The rule has been adhered to:
but it is an unjust one. And one of the earliest
cases where this rule was enforced, arose under
the Florida treaty. By an article of that treaty,
those individuals who had claims under the old
Spanish rule of Florida—who had claims when
Florida was under the Spanish flag—it was pro-
vided that such should have their claims adjudi-
cated by due course of law. The Government
failed to provide a due course of law for their ad-
judication. Those claimants were kept out by 110
laches of their own, but clearly by the fault of the
Government. And when a law was provided, it
was temporary in its character, and insufficient to
allow time to claimants to make their claims good.
The law contemplated that the claim should be ad-
judicated or reported by the commissioner to the
Secretary of the Treasury. He was to examine
the evidence and allow or discharge the claim at
his discretion. And at that time, shortly after
the acquisition of Florida, in the year 1891, his
discretion was to disallow interest; although
interest was justly due to the parties, and they had
suffered in consequence of the negligence of the
Government. I apprehend that this doctine has
derived additional strength from the position
which the Secretary of the Treasury then took. 1
apprehend, therefore, that the question is not very
clearly before the Senate, whether we ought or
ought not to pay interest as a general rule. If we
pay interest in this case, we do not establish a
precedent for the payment of interest in all cases;
and even if we did so, the bill should have my
support.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I am unable
to agree with the Senator from Florida. I con-
sider the rule denying interest a wise one,because
the tendency always is, according to my observa-
tion in these claims, to delay them. The Senator
takes a position to which I am perfectly willing to
assent—that the Government is always supposed
to be ready to pay, and therefore does not pay in-
terest because the principle is that the delay flows
from the laches of the claimant. I say that that
principle applies here with all its force. The
claimant here had the evidence of his claim, arising
{'oi? ^-frr,Terd,lct of a j«ry as early as the year
lo41. Why then was not the claim presented to
Congress long before this ? If he chooses to let
it be delayed, is the Government bound to pay in- i
terest m the itittviiii ? Has the Government not
been able to pay in the interim7 Has the Gov-
ernment not had any money which it could have
disbursed for the purpose of paying the partv
when he had the full evidence of the character of
his claim in 1841 ? Upon what principle, then
can he ask interest from us from the time of the
rendition of the verdict? I submit, therefore if
this principle be true—and I think it is sound—that
where a party has a claim against the Government,
the Government is supposed to be ready to pay it
if it is a good one; and if it is not paid, the pre-
sumption is that it arises from laches on his part;
if he does not present his claim for ten years after
obtaining full evidence, by the verdict of a jury,
of its amount, he should be debarred from obtain-
ing interest.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, the principle
laid down by the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware is,that the Government refuses to pay inter-
est upon a sort of legal presumption. Now, can-
not the legal presumption be removed by a state of
factsadverse to it? lthas been done in numberless
instances of appropriations made by Congress for
debts which were due. It is not by means of his
laches that this claimant does not receive this
amount of money; but it is because it is refused to
him by the Department. They bring suit with
his consent. He waives the jurisdiction, and al-
lows them to bring suit in this District, where the
testimony can all be obtained. This is certainly
the prosecution of the claim, because he comes be-
fore the jury and submits proof of the validity of
his claim. Does not this rebut that presump-
tion ?
But the committee went behind the verdict of
the jury. I know that many objections are raised
to the verdicts of juries against the Government
of the United States. I know they are liable to
very many and very serious objections. Thecom-
mittee did not take the verdict of the jury without
an investigation of the testimony upon which the
verdict was given. From the testimony, they be-
came satisfied that the verdict was a correct one,
and that the debt was due by the Government of
the United States. It seems to me that these
facts are amply sufficient to do away with any
presumption which could relieve the Government
from the payment of interest.
Mr. PRATT. I hope to be excused, Mr. Presi-
dent, for saying one word after the argument which
has been made. The particular proposition here
is, whether the Government is bound to pay inter-
est on debts admitted by the Government, or ascer-
tained to be due by the Government, to States or
individuals. I think the sound legal mind of the
honorable Senator from Florida will at once see
the fallacy of the distinction which he attempted
to drqw between this and ordinaly cases. The
verdict of the jury does not decide the case; it only
ascertains the amount of indebtedness. Conceding
that the verdict of the jury only ascertains the
amount of indebtedness,' it only does that which
the Senate ascertains in reference to every claim
which is brought before this body. When the
Senate decide in any one of the claims which are
brought before them, we ascertain that upon a par-
ticular day a particular service was rendered, or a
particular amount of money was due by the Gov-
ernment to an individual. The Senate's ascer-
tainment of the fact of the indebtedness at the par-
ticular time, is as much an ascertainment of fact,
as is the verdict of a jury. You can, therefore,
invoke this verdict only for the purpose of show-
ing the indebtedness, on the part of the Govern-
ment, at the time the verdict was rendered.
Conceding the indebtedness, the broad question
comes up: Is the Government bound to pay in-
terest? I am not committed to the policy of the
Government heretofore. I believe that the Govern-
ment, like individuals, is bound, when it owes an
honest debt, and I insist upon its duty to pay in-
terest upon it, as much as I would in the case of
an individual. If the Senator assumes this broad
doctrine, I can go with him; but there is no dis-
tinction between this and every other case in which
the Government has paid a debt which has been
due for any length of time. If the honorable
Senator, therefore, will put this upon the broad
ground, and the Senate will understand that we are
deciding the broad principle that, whenever the
Government of the United States owes a sum of
money to an individual it is bound to pay interest
on that sum, from the point of time when it be-
comes due, I will go with him. But there is no
distinction between this and any other case.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I under-
stand that the proposition here is to pay interest
from the time when the proof of the claim was
made complete. In 1837, the claimant prosecuted
his claim and made his proof complete. I know
that some two or three years ago I had the honor
of serving upon the Committee of Claims, andm
sundry cases we undertook to adopt the principle
that interest should be paid from the time when
the proof of the claim against the Government was
made complete. In regard to the payment of in-
terest which has been spoken of, it is a question
which has been settled by the accounting officers
of the Treasury. I suppose it is competent for
Congress to determine m what case it will, and
in what case it will not pay interest. I under-
stand the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads to say that in this case, the
committee did not even rely upon the verdict of
thejury, but were fully satisfied by the evidence
in the case, that the verdict of the jury was cor-
Mr. HUNTER. I call for the yeas and nays
on my amendment. It is an important question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire simply to ask of the
chairman of the committee one question. I un-
derstand that the verdict of thejury was rendered
in 1841—more than ten years ago. The informa-
tion which I desire is, why has not this claim
been presented before? Or was it presented to the
proper Department immediately after the verdict
was rendered ?
Mr. RUSK. My recollection of the matter is,
that it was presented to the Department immedi-
ately. This report was made two years ago, and
as a matter of course, some of the facts have es-
caped my recollection. Of one thing I am sure:
the claim was presented and urged by these indi-
viduals immediately after the performance of the
contract. It had been pressed more than once.
Finally an understanding took place between them
and the Department, that upon a claim of nine
hundred dollars said to have been over paid to
these individuals, suits should be instituted, and
the whole matter should go before a jury. Wheth-
er application was made to Congress before the
last Congress I do not know. I am inclined to
think not; but I may be mistaken. My recollec-
tion is, however, that immediately after the verdict
of thejury was rendered, they attempted to get
their payment from the Department/but failed
in that; and that they made application to Congress
two years ago.
Mr." BERRIEN. My inquiry was, whether,
after the verdict of thejury, application was made
for the payment of this sum, and when? The
United States has no inflexible rule in regard to
the payment of interest. The opinion of the
present Chief Justice, when he was Attorney
General, is very distinct on that subject. The
United States proceed generally in the payment
of claims upon the principle that this Government
is always ready to meet all just demands against
it. Now, assuming the fact on which the chair-
man has. relied, not resting exclusively upon the
verdict of the jury—for the verdict of a jury
against the United States is not always the purest
criterion of the correctness of a claim—but as-
suming the fact which has been stated by the
chairman, that the committee had examined the
evidence upon which the verdict was rendered, and
that it was satisfactory to them; then upon the
rendering of that verdict there was a claim against
the United States which is now ascertained to be
just, and the withholding of the payment of that
claim would, in my judgment; subject the United
States to the payment of interest on it. The im-
portant inquiry, therefore, is; when was the claim,
after it had thus been ascertained to be just, pre-
sented to the proper Department?
Mr. HAMLIN. If the chairman will allow
me to answer the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, I will do so. I cannot answer as to the spe-
cific time when the claim was pressed upon the
Department, and I am not certain that the papers
show it; but I can answer the Senator from Geor-
gia, that immediately after the rendition of the
verdict, within, at the furthest, a very few months,
the matter was presented to the Department and
urged upon them. The individual who was the
contractor in this case was a contractor for other
routes, and did other service. This was mixed
up with other accounts, and he continued to press
it to the day of his death. It has come equitably
mto the hands of the parties who now prosecute
it as advancing the funds to support him in his
contract "with the Government.
Mr. BERRIEN. I do not mean to make the
slightest distinction between the rights of the ori-
ginal claimant and that of thepresent claimant; but
I presume that the report, better than the recol-
Iection of individual Senators, will show the facts
