2008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
Joshua Kennedy, deceased, the sum of $6,500, in
full compensation for the destruction of property
by the Creek Indians in the year 1813.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Is there any report from
the committee?
Mr. CLEMENS. There is a report accom-
panying the bill, and as it explains the subject
much better than any speech I could make, I will
read it, with the permission of the Senate:
"The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred
the peution of the heirs of Joshua Kennedy, respectfully
report: That they have examined the ease with great care,
and find the facts to be in exact accordance with the narra-
tive contained in the report of the Committee on Claims of
the House of Representatives at the first session ofthe Thir-
tieth Congress, herewith filed and intended to be made a
part hereof. On entering upon the examination of thiscasc,
the committee telt a distrust of its justice, occasioned by the
length of time during which it had been permitted to temain
unsettled, and the fact that a commission had been appointed
forthe express purpose of deciding upon this and nmilar
claims. The piejudice winch had thus arisen soon passed
away, however, on a careful examination ot the faeN as
stated mthe evidence, pa?tieularly when ltwa-i ascertained
that there had been uo iuckei on the part of the petitioner in
piesenting his claim, which had been left unsettled owing
to the shortness ot the time lor which the commission was
appointed, to wit: two year-. The deduction for which
the petitioners a>k indemnity did not take place 'while'
the ttoops occupied the pioporty ; but then; can be no doubt
tiiiit ' such occupation was the cause of its destination
hO that the case, in the opinion of the committee, comes
clcarlv within the t£, if not the letter, of the act of 1816,
and the supplement thereto. If the military occupation be
the exciting cause of the destruction, it is difficult to im-
agine what difference the precise moment at which the de-
duction took place c.m make. If the feeling of hostility,
created on the part of the enemy by tin: act of the Govern-
ment in erecting a source of annoyance in their neighbor-
hood, which makes the Government liable for the conse-
quence^ of its own act, and not the particular tune chosen
by the enemy to satisfy its vengeance. In the case under
consideration, the petitioner had originally erected his
buildings and other improvements under the as-urance
given in the President^ proclamation, that the persons and
pioperty of settlers should be protected. Hub^erjuentl>
the«? buildings wete converted into ;■ temporal} foil by .in
officer of the Government, and a^ Mich became the point
of assault to the Indians immediately after their successful
attack on Fort Mmnns and the ma^aoe oi itsgarrNon. Jt
 s true, the party oi'troop-j which had occupied thcp>cmi*ti.a<
had, in their panic, occasioned by the destruction and
slaughter at Fort Mnnnis, letired; hut immediately aftei
that destruetioiij and whilst the military defence* were «nll
in existence, the pieimsos weie attacked and destroyed by
the enemy.'"
Mr. BRODHEAD. I believe this is the first
bill of that precise character which has been
brought before the Senate—probably the first time
that a bill of this character has been reported.
The claim for compensation here made,anses out
of the destruction, by the Indians, of some pri-
vate property, which was occupied, or which had
been occupied by the troops of the United States.
Now, the rule in civilized warfare is, that where
private property is occupied by the forces of the
contending parties, it in lawful for the enemy to
destroy such property, and the Government reim-
burses the owner for the damage so inflicted. That
is the rule observed in civilized warfare; but the
same rule has not prevailed when private property
has been destroyed by the Indians in consequence
of its being occupied as a military post, because
the Indians invariably destroy private as well as
public property; they have never made any dis-
crimination in this rcspect. The fact that this
mill was occupied for some time by our troops, ;
would not make any difi'ei ence in the decree of
hostility shown by the Indians. During the period
of its occupancy by the troops, it was quasi public
property; but it was not so occupied at the mo- 1
meat of its destruction, and therefore the fact of !
the occupation for a brief period, does not bring I
the case within the rule established after the war ;
of 1812, and lefVrred to in this report.
If there are any precedents in favor of this
claim, I should like to see them. If the bill passes,
there ore numerous oth^r c.">ses of a similar char-
acter whicu will come here. The whole western
frontier—more especially as our settlements are
pushed further west—will send in claims for com-
pensation in that case.
As the Inoians have never exercised any dis-
crimination between pubhe. and private property; 1
and ps ihe rules, applicable to the compensation of |
parties who have differed loss by civilized war- i
fare, have never been applied to the relief of those :
whose property hay been destroyed by saw see, '
I shall be compelled to vote against this bill, unless
there are some very peculiar facts connected with :
the case.
Mr. RUSTC. The law of 1816 was general in ■
• is character, and did not make the distinction '
which the Senator from Pennsylvania draws. He
draws a distinction between civilized and savage
warfare. The law was broad and liberal. Though
this case has been reported upon favorably many
times, there has been one adverse report upon it
since 1816; and one of the difficulties I had in re-
porting upon it was, that, as I supposed, the par-
ties had not applied under that general law. It
turned out, however, upon investigation, that they
did apply under the act of 1816. The board that
sat to determine the amount of damage to be paid,
under that act, was limited in time, and as the
Senate will remember, that time expired before
they could examine this case. There was no ob-
jection to this claim whatever, because the law was
general, and covered all cases of wars with In-
dians as with civilized enemies. The facts in the
case are these, and it comes within the principle
of the law of 1816, so that so far from being a
precedent, it is in conformity with numerous cases
which have passed Congress. Sometime since, I
investigated the matter, and I found numerous
affidavits in relation to the case, though some were
considered not entirely correct at the time. The
claim is for buildings, which were a set of mills,
to the neighborhood of which the troops had been
ordered, and which they took possession of and
occupied, because they were the most defensible
place in the neighborhood. Our troops were there,
and they put up some barricades around the mill
and occupied it as a post. The Indians, during
the time that these troops were in this occupation,
attacked and massacred every one in Fort Mimms.
This was two miles below. I suppose they did
not kill every one; but they took that fort, and
coming to this post, and seeing that it had been
used by their enemy, they destroyed it, burnt up
the null, fortifications, and all. To show that the
fact of its having been occupied by our troops was
the moving cause of their destroying it, it is only
necessary to take into consideration the fact that
there was considerable other property in the neigh-
borhood which they did not touch. These are the
facts about this case. It comes within all the rules
of the precedents, instead of being itself a prece-
dent.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I make a legal point, and
make but one point. Perhaps I was not suffi-
ciently well understood when I was up before. I
do not dispute the facts that are urged in relation
to this claim; I admit the facts all to be true. The
^question is this: In civilized warfare, wherever
our troops have occupied private property, and
the enemy has destroyed that private property in
consequence of such occupation, the Government
has always paid for losses sustained, according to
the rules relating to civilized warfare. But I must
be permitted to assert, that, in our contests with
the Indians, no such rule has been adopted or pre-
vailed, because the Indians destroy public and pri-
vate property alike. The fact that our troops casu-
ally occupied a gentleman's mills is not an inducing
cause, at least not a sufficient cause to induce the
Indians to destroy those mills. In marching from
Fort Minims to those mills which were destroyed,
no doubt they destroyed much private property
not occupied by our troops.
If this bill prevails, would not all other persons
living in that neighborhood, who lost private prop-
erty by the Indians, have an equal claim ? I raise
this question before the Senate, whether you will
apply the same rule in cases of warfare with the
Indians that you do in cases of warfare with civil-
ized nations? If you do, then it is right to pass
this bill, and if you will establish this rule, then I
know many other cases now pending before the
Committee on Claims, which must come forward.
I raise that lee;al point.
Mr. ATCHISON. It, seems to me that the
reason of the law of 1816-'17 applies to this case.
We may have laws which are not foundedin rea-
son; but if we have such laws I think every one
will admit that they ou<rht not to be followed as
precedents. But it is said that this property was
destroyed by the enemy. What for? On what
principle was the law of 1816 made? It is, that
where private property has been taken for the use
of the Government for the time being, and the use
by the Government of such property, by having
troops there, attracts the enemy to that point,
whether civilized or savage, and the enemy has i
destroyed it, then the owner is entitled to com- i
pensation for such property. That I understand |
to be precisely the case here. Fort Mimms was I
destroyed a day or two before this mill was de-
stroyed. A few troops occupied and fortified this
mill, it being on the frontier of that settlement.
The occupation of this mill by these troops at-
tracted the Creek Indians to that point, and they
destroyed it, and one or two out-houses adjoin-
ing. If my recollection is riarht, the Committee
on Indian Affairs only estimated the loss sustained
by the destruction of the mill and property imme-
diately in the possession of the troops.
Then again, sir, it is a remarkable fact that there
was no other property destroyed in that neigh-
borhood by these Indians. They were attracted
to this mill expecting to find it occupied by a small
body of troops. These troops, however, having
heard of the massacre at Fort Mimms, took time
by the forelock, and abandoned this mill a very
short time previous to its destruction by the In-
dians. Whether they acted with bravery or with
cowardice is another question—one, about which
I will not inquire, although I have my doubts
whether they might not have stood their ground,
and defended their position, having the notice
which they had. That, however, is not the ques-
tion. It is the principle which is involved; and the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodiiead] has
raised the very question—the principle on which
this and all other similar cases must be decided. I
can see no objection to the compensation being
made which is proposed in this bill. The Indians
expected to find this mill m the occupation of our
troops. They were disappointed, it is true, for
the troops had abandoned the fort a day or two be-
fore the Indians arrived. But the Indians knew
they had been theie, and that they had used it as
a fort; and it is for the Senate now to settle the
principle.
I cannot myself see any distinction between the
mill being destroyed by Indians or by Frenchmen,
if we had been at war with France at the time.
The null had been but a day or two previously in
theoccupation of our troops,and when the Indians
came upon it they destroyed it; and no man can
deny that it has been the universal custom of the
Government to pay compensation to the suffering
party in such cases. But, when the same causes
brought this band of Creek warriors upon this
little fortification, which was taken possession of
by the United States troops or the troops of the
State, I do not recollect which, and it is a matter
of no consequence as to that point—when the
same causes brought the Creek Indians to that
post which would have brought a civilized enemy
to it, I can see no difference, and no reason why
the money should not be paid for the property
thus destroyed in the one case as well as in the
other.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I entertain great doubts
whether, under the law of 1816 and 3817, the
claimant in this case would be entitled to payment,
even if his losses had been inflicted by civilized
people instead of by the Creeks. That act made
provision for the compensation of those private
individuals whose property was destroyed during
the last war; but no payments were made under
it, except in those cases where the property was
actually in the occupation of our troops at the
moment of its destruction, or where there were
military stores on the premises. Now, according
to the statement of this case by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] these mills were not
in the actual possession of our troops at the time
they were destroyed, nor did they contain mil-
itary stores. If the Senator is correct in making
that statement, the owner could not be reim-
bursed even if the enemy had been Great Brit-
ain, and if the mills had been burned by British
troops. The Senator says that the Creeks de-
stroyed the mills because they had been occupied
by the troops of the United States; not because
they found the troops actually in possession, and
that the property would not have been destroyed,
if it had not been so occupied. How can the
Senator prove a fact of that kind ? How can any
one tell the purposes of the Indians? If they did
not destroy private property io the same neigh-
borhood, if it was not their universal practice to
destroy private ps well as public property, then I
would admit that the fact mijrht be proved; but
under existing circumstances it cannotbe proved;
and therefore, I am of opinion, that no payment
could be made in accordance with the act of 1816.
I have no personal feeling in this matter; and
raised this point for the consideration of the Sen-
