1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1145
Biennial Register for 1351, ill addition to the
amount appropriated per act of 3d of March,
1851, to strike out $1,800, and insert §2,253.
Mr. HUNTER. This is rendered necessary
on account of a clerical error. It was suggested
by the Department. °
"The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee is to
insert the following:
And also a sum not exceeding $10,704 65 is hereby ap-
propriated to pay Adam Boyd Hamilton, according to'con-
tiact, for printing 20,000, and binding 18,610 copies, of396
pages each, of the Register's report of the commerce and
navigation of the United States, foi 1^51.
Mr. HUNTER. This appropriation is made
upon an estimate from the Department, and upon
the recommendation of the Committee on Print-
ing. Owing to some mistake, provision was not
made for it in the last appropriation bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee is to
insert the following:
The sum of $10,000 is hereby appropriated, to be paid to
and expended under the direction of the Attorney Geneial
of the United States in procuring such copies or other evi-
dence of the laws, decrees, or ordinances of the Spanish or
Mexican Governments, relating to or affecting land claims
in California or New Mexico, and also such copies or me-
morials of said claims as may be obtained fiom the record*
of the Mexican Government, with all such other document-
and ofhcial evidence as the haul Attorney General may
deem neceb:-ary and pioper, and may dneet To he ptocured.
And for the purpose of procuring the mfoimation aforesaid,
the said Attorney Geneial is hereby authorized to employ
or appoint an agent, who is to act under the direction of,
and to receive such compensation as the said Attorney
General may allow and order: Provided, however, That
the whole expense of aeency, of procuring books and doc-
ument''. of transportation, and of translation, and every-
thing connected with the work, except the printing, shall
not exceed the ?um herein appiopnated.
Mr. HUNTER. I have a letter from the De-
partment m relation to this subject, which I would
like the Secretary to read.
The following letter from the honorable J". J.
Crittenden, Attorney General of the United States,
addressed to Mr. Hunter, was accordingly read.
Department ok the Nteriou, 1.
Sir : I have the honor to request that an appropnation
of §'10,000 may be made, by the deficiency bill, now pond-
ing before the Senate, to enable the Department to send an
agent to the city of Mexico, to collect, tian&late. and com-
pile the vanous laws of the Mexican Congte^, and the or-
dinances ot the ►fupieineExecutive ofth.it Republic, having
reference to donations and giant- of public land-, &.<•. The
l'.oard of Commissioners,appointed under the aet of Md of
Maich, 18oi, to a-eettain and settle land Mies hi Cahtomia,
is now m session at San Francis o, and it will piobably
soon become necessary, in the di^chaige ot then Junctions
under that act, for the courts ol" the United States to ad-
judge and determine the validity ot those titles aeeorduig to
lUc laws, usase?, and customd of the Government fiom
whteh they weie denved. Puor to the tieaty oi'Guadalupe
Hidalgo, the-e laws and customs were loreign to Iheeoun-
liy, and'aie now but little known ot utidei.-tood ; an 1 the
necessity, therefore, of placing in the hands of the otheers
of the Government and of the Judiciary, the laws, usages,
and custom*- by which their action 1 s to be governed, is ahk e
obvious and indispensable.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to strike from the
amendment the words "Attorney General" wliere-
ever they occur, and insert in lieu thereof, the
word " President," so as to make it read " Presi-
dent of the United States."
Mr. GWIN. I hope that will not be done.
This matter has been thoroughly examined, and
the necessity of the appropriation brought to the
notice of the Secretary of the Interior, and byth.it
Department to the Committee on Finance, by the
Judges of the Supreme Court of the United Slates,
and by the Attorney General. It is exclusively a
law question, and one that pertains to the Law
Department of the Government. I am perfectly
confident that the amendment is in its right place;
that the provision is right as it now is ; and I hope
it will not be changed. The only question m the
Finance Committee was, whether the Attorney
General or the Supreme Court of the United States
should appoint the agent; it was considered that
one or the other should do if.
The PRESIDENT. There is a letter here,
signed by the Hon. John Catron, one of the as-
sociate justices of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and addressed to the Secretary of the In-
terior, which will be read:
C£ Washington. Ap d 7.
'• Sir • On ye^terdav I Wis shown a document -itrned by
the two Senator* and'one ol the RepresenUUn es from tne
State of California, askmi'your opinion as to what amount oi
money would be necessary to send an agem to Mexico, lot
the purpose of collecting the laws applicable to lana Ci.imu.
now m com a** of investigation by the board o< eoninn^-'on-
ers in California, and likely to be presented i^in part) to the
Supreme Court ol the United Status.
"T agree with Attorney General Ciittenden's statement,
indorsed on the paper referred to, that the compilation ot
the laws pioposed is not only neec>s.ir\, but indispensable,
m my opinion, to a psoper understanding of the laws, ac-
cording to which the claims ougimiied. The eleventh sec-
tion ot the ac1" ol March Hd, 1S51, imposes the duty, in
terms, on the di-.tnet and supreme courts to adjudge the
claims accoiding to the ' laws, usages, and customs" ot
the government fiom which each respective claim js de-
rived. Tins dut) Cong!ess demands, and it must bepei-
formed. But it is impossible to do so unless the law* are
known to the judges, according to winch thev are com-
manded to decide. These laws u eie foreign to "out country
pieviuus to the tieaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. Since that
treaty, they aie a1- much municipal laws as those ol Loui-
siana ; and the courts oi'jusfice are. equally bound toadmni-
1 ister them, without proof of their existence awl impoit. I
i theiefore hope the courts will, at the soonest day. be fur-
j mshed with a collection of those laws, and a tiue tran&la-
| uon of them. As to the amount of the expense, it is si mere
j trifle compared with the enormous amount m dispute."
j Mr. DAWSON. Under the suggestion of the
! Senator from California, I will change the motion
i which 1 made. I will only move to strike out
"said Attorney General/' and insert " Presi-
j dent" in the following pai t of the clause:
I And for the purpose of proctifiiic the information afoie-
! --.ml, the kiid Attorney (Jeaeial i-> hereby authoi!/,ed to eni-
j ploy oi appoint an a«ent, who i- to act'iuidei the dnection
j of. and to leeeive such compensation as the .said Attorney
I Geneial may allow and older."
| The President has the appointing power, and
| the amendment is for the purpose of requiring that
j the President shall employ the agent, who will still
i be under the control and direction of the Attorney
I General of the United States. Yesteiday, in a
i case where the appointing power was conferred
! upon the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, we
j changed it, and put it upon the President of the
I United States. I now propose to make the same
! change.
j Mr. BADGER. I think the amendment is
| nearly right as it now stands. The amendment
I proposed by my friend from Georgia [Mr. Daw-
! son] originally, would, I think, have been wrong;
I but whether it was right or wrong, undoubtedly
J the amendment now proposed by him is clearly
j and unquestionably wrong. By the amendment
: proposed, at present, this money is to be placed in
the charge of the Attorney General. Me is to
take measures for ini bodying, collecting, and trans-
lating these laws for the adjudication of (he land
claims, and then after you direct him to perform
the duty, you interpose a subsequent provision—
i that the Piesident of the United States is to elect
j the agent whom the Attorney General is to em-
I ploy. There is nothing nreuuhir in the hill as it
I now stands; the Pi esident of the United States has
the appointment of all officers under the Gou-ni-
S ment, with a few exceptions, but we have a right
; to give the heads oi Depai tments the appointment
; of agents and subordinate officers.
! Now, this is a matter relating to the legal de-
1 partment more immediately under the control of
; the Attorney General, who is the general law ad-
| viserofthe Exccutivejaadmy fi\end from Georgia
j has fallen into a mistake. The amendment we
■ passed yesterday did not confer on (he President
i the power of nominating the oifu cr whom he
alluded, but put it in the power of the head of chat
- Department in which the Commissioner of Indian
i Affairs is a subordinate.
; Jt seems to me that the amendment is right as
! it now stands. There is no intrusion on the au-
thority, lespect, or dignity, of the President of
' the United States. On the contrary, it appears to
. me that there would be a large infringement on
I both by this new amendment, which would put
' the President on (he footing of a jona agency with
the Attorney General, the latter having the eou-
: trol and management of affans,and the President
: merely the power of appointing the agents through
; whom the duty is to be carried out.
I Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, i shall vote for tne
I amendment of the Senator from Georgia. I think
■ it is right. I recollect that my friend, in the able 1
speech^ that he made with icgard to the abuses
which tool: place on the Pacific^ coast, declared ,
that he dealt not with commissioners, nor with ;
subalterns and subordinates. H< ie is an import- ]
ant duty to be dischatged, and T am let' deding ;
with the President of the TJmted States: I prefer
hiio: he n accountable. I do not know wnich is ,
most likely to he the candidate ftp* the Presidency,
the present President or the Attorney General.
Both of fhem are excellent gentlemen. I desire ■
that the present President should be held account- (
able
| Mr. GWIN. This is exclusively a legal ques-
tion, and relates to the collection of law papers,
! and is merely temporary in its operation. These
j papers are to be collected for the purpose of having
i them brought here to the Supreme Court of the
| United States; and if they come th>re, it is that
i they may be used in the examination of the claims
. of the commissioners in California, and others. I
j agree with the honorable Senator from North Car-
j olina, that the Attorney General should not only
| have the power to collect these papers but to ap-
| point the agent. The Attorney General Is the
j head of a Department, and he should be held re-
j sponsible for the appointment. I would not give
| this duty to a chief clerk, but the Attorney Gen-
j eral is the responsible law officer of this Govern-
: ment, and is the head of a Department.
} Air. BADGER. As much so as the Secretary
; of State or the Secretary of War.
| Air. DAWSON. I maintain that it is improper
; to confer this appointing power on the Attorney
| General. It is a part of the duty of the Execu-
1 tivo. It is said that this is entirely a legal ques-
i tion. Would gentlemen contend that the appoint-
1 ment of a judge of the Supreme Court of the
; United States could be better performed by the
i Attorney General than by the President of the
United States > Will it be said that the Attorney
Genera! is a better judge of the qualifications of the
individual to preside upon that bench than the
President of the United Slates? I cannot see for
my life why this course is preferred; why gen-
tlemen prefer this violation of the course which is
usually pursued. Here is an appointment to be
made. In what department of the Government
is the appointing power? It is in the Executive
Department; and, in the language of the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] he is tiie responsible
head. I do not understand why this appointment
should be given to a department—and not ex-
actly a department either, for the Attorney Gen-
eial is merely a member of the Cabinet bu cour-
[ tesy; he is responsible to the President of the
i United States.
I Mr. BADGER. He is always his counsellor.
: Mr. DAWSON. The plan I propose is this:
1 That the execution of the order slionld be in the
i hands of the Attorney Geneial, and that the ap-
; pomtment of the individual should be in the hands
I of the President. 1 ha\e no objection to the At-
J torney Geneial; none at all.
' Air. FELCJJ. I do not see the object of making
i the amendment, proposed by the Senator from
i Georgia. } t seems to suppose that this is a matter
| which ean only he properly intrusted to the gentle-
i man who is now at the head of the Executive De-
. paitment, and that that would be the only proper
! way of making this appointment. I rise, how-
ever, for the purpose of calling the attention of the
Senator to a case calling for an appropriation pre-
cisely similar in its charactei to the one called for
here. Three sessions ago the Senate passed a
resolution pioviding for obtaining the information
which is now sought to be obtained under this
i! provision. A resolution passed the Senate by
i: which the Committee on Public Lands were in-
!i stiucted to provide the means necessary for oh-
r taming this information; and in order to accom-
; plish that, they were authorized to employ some
;[ person who might be competent to perform the
i| dutv thus required, and an appropriation was ac-
' cordingly made for that purpose. The committee
!; pioceeded to appomt an individual, (Air. Jones,)
; who made that examination. He obtained the
: laws, ordinances, &c., required; he made a trans-
; latiou of them,nnd presented them to the com-
, mitiec,bui, for sonic reasons, he afterwards with-
| diew them, and refused to submit them again to
i the committee. He icceived no pay for the duties
■ winch he perfoimed. The manuscript was with-
drn \vn. and ny that withdrawal we weie prevented
from obtaining the necessai y documents. In that
instance it was not thought at all necessary to go
1 to the President of the United States, or even to
1 the head of the Department. It was a subordi-
nate matt*.*, and was submitted to the charge of
. the committee m the manner I have mentioned,
| and was left entirely to their discretion. The ob-
ject wan considered very important by the com-
ui Ltee,and was a^am submitted; but no resolution
v.ay passed bv the Senate on the subject. The
1 Senator from Missouri objected, and the proposi-
tion failed.
Now, in this case it will be observed, that tne
