1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2009
ate as a question of principle. I desire the de-
cision of the Senate upon it, so that we may know
how to act in future.
Mr. PRATT. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Claims has said that this is a very import-
ant case, because there are many cases depending
upon the decision of the Senate upon this question.
In the investigation of this claim, being; a member
of the Committee on Claims myself, 1 could never
see the distinction which was attempted to bedrawn
between a civilized and an uncivilized enemy.
The principle upon which the act of 1816 was
based was, that wherever private property \vr~ so
occupied by the forces of the United States as to
justify an enemy in destroying it, there followed
the correlative duty on the part of the Govern-
ment to pay for the property so destroyed. That
the Senator from Pennsylvania admits. In the
application of that principle, so far as the Com-
mittee on Claims is concerned, they have applied
it so as to meet the case of losses by a civilized
enemy. 1 never could see a reason for that dis-
tinction. 1 now ask the attention of the Senate to
the question, as I will propound it.
Suppose we were at war with a civilized enemy,
Great Britain for example, and our troops should
take possession of a house belonging; to an indi-
vidual, and fortify it, and use it as a fort. There
is the fortification which our troops had made,
and when the enemy approach the house, the
troops retreat. Can it be said that this civilized
enemy would not be entitled, in such a case, to
destroy that fortification? Why, no one would
say that. And in all that class of cases, where
the enemy has been civilized, the Committee on
Claims have uniformly reported in favor of pay-
ing for the loss sustained. I cannot see the dis-
tinction between the destruction of the property by
a savage or a civilized enemy; or on what princi-
ple you would be justified m making payment for
losses sustained in the one case, and not in the
other. Can any one give a sensible reason for
such a distinction ?
If we had been at war with Great Britain, and
our forccs had occupied this House or mill, in the
manner m which it was occupied, and had retired
as the troops did in this case, it is conceded by
the Senator from Pennsylvania that our Govern-
ment would have been bound to pay, because
Great Britain would have been entitled to destroy
the property; and consequently, as we had given
them a legal right to destroy the property on ac-
count of its occupation by our troops, we were
bound to pay for it. Therefore, if it authorized
a civilized enemy to destroy the property, it would
authorize a savage enemy to do it. I cannot see,
if this property was destroyed solely because it
was occupied by our troops, why we are not as
much bound to pay as if it had been destroyed by
a civilized enemy. It is an important question,
and I wish to have it settled with a full under-
standing of the bearing which the decision is to
have upon many other claims, and with a knowl-
edge of all its consequences.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. President, 1 do not
wish to argue this question, but rise for the pur-
pose of offering an amendment. The words " m
the Treasury " have been accidentally omitted
after the word " money" in the bill. I move that
they be inserted.
The amendment was egreed to.
Mr. CLEMENS. This is a bill that, it seems
to me, requires no arguments to commend it to
the Senate. It requiies a mere statement of facts.
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broi>-
head] is wholly mistaken when he says that there
are no precedents for the payment of this claim.
On the contrary, there is no precedent adverseto
it. The Senator thinks that it should not be paid;
seven different committees of this body, and one
committee of the House of Representatives have
been of the opinion that it ought to be paid.
Where the weight of authority lies, 1 shall not at-
tempt to decide. Three times has this bill passed
the Senate; and if it does not present a fan claim
for compensation, I should like to know what case
can be presented to Congress that will be entitled
to compensation. This property was occupied
by our troops at the time the massacre at Fort
Mimms occurred; after that event, the Indians
marched to attack this property in consequence
of its occupation by the troops; and the garrison
abandoned it, and sought safety in flight; the In-
dians then destroyed the mill, but they did nor
destroy any other private property on the way or
in the neighborhood. They ware attracted there
by the presence of the troops; and went solely
for the purpose of destroying the mill, together
with those who were in it; and it was, therefore,
solely in consequence of that occupation that the
place was destroyed, as the troops had just aban-
doned it before the Indians arrived.
Now, as to these fine-spun distinctions between
civilized and savage enemies, I will ndt occupy
time, nor weary the Senate by attempting to show
that we are bound to pay in the one case, as much
as in the other. The exciting cause of the de-
struction of this private property, whether by civ-
ilized, or savage enemies, was the occupation by
the troops of the Government, and the Government
is therefore responsible.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall not make any remarks
with regard to the bill under consideration,although
I agree with the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pratt,] that the principles involved, with legaid
to the destruction of property by an enemy, in the
law of 1816—'17, are very importantin themselves;
and I fear that they have been unadvisedly de-
parted from. I do not intend to enter into any
discussion in reference to this particular bill, hut
I have a word or two to say in reference to that
class of bills to which the Senator from Maryland
has referred—namely, those claims which are yet
to be reported upon. In the present case, I will
state what 1 believe to be ihe principle of relief
embodied in these laws, and not only in these
laws, but in the migiiial cases, in which the Gov-
ernment has made compensation for damage done
to property by the enemy during war. The light
of civilized nations is drawn from the struggles of
civilized nations; and that right is on the part of
one nation to destroy any public stores, public
buildings, or public armaments of any kind, be-
longing to the enemy; and the principle follows,
that if the Government necessarily impresses upon
private properly a public character by the mode
of its occupation, the party to whom the pioperty
belongs, is fully entitled to redress for the destruc-
tion of his property, if that destruction results from
an ant of the Government.
Now, the laws of 181G-T7, in the language of
the bill, guarded acramst what mi°ht be an evil
arising from these loose notions of what might be
sufficient to impress upon private property the
character of public property, and therefore they
provide, m order to secure compensation for dam-
ages, thai the occupation of such property, by
troops, as barracks, or for military stores, shall
be limited to the time of actual occupation. And
this was an essential provision. The case is es-
sentially different, however, where the Govern-
ment takes private property, arid turns it into a
fortification, as in this case. The principle of the
law is, that if you impress upon it the character
of public property, the enemy lias a right to de-
stroy it; and in regard to the facts in "this case,
although I think the report would have been better
if it had been more specifi:1, I urn, notwithstand-
ing, inclined to think that the case is one in which
the party is justly entitled to relief. The Gov-
ernment took a certain null, and turned it into a
fortification. The mill remained in that situation
till it was destroyed by the Indians, and after that,
the party owning the property claims compensa-
tion.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator allow me to in-
quire whether this was done with the knowledge
of the party15
Mr. BAYARD. Whether it was done with
the knowledge of the p<°rty or not, is imnia'ennl,
if Government takes possession of private prop-
erty and turns it into a fortification, and thus in-
vites its destruction. The party would nor be en-
titled to compensation, unless the Government has
impressed upon that private property the charac-
ter of public property. If, as in this case, the
Government takes possession of the pioperty
of a citizen and impresses upon it the character
of public property, turning it into a fort, and
the troops retreat before the enemy comes up, and
that property is destroyed by the enemy, the Gov-
ment is responsible. If a private house is taken,
and it is not altered in any way in its form, and
then retire from it, its character as private prop-
erty would remain the same. It is only when it
is m the actual occupation by public noops, that
the party is entitled to redress. If, however, the
Government turn it into a fort, and leave it in that
shape, and it is destroyed in that shape, then I
say that Government is bound to pay. That was
the case in this instance. Government impressed
upon the private property the character of public
property, and therefore Governmentis responsible
for its acts, which resulted in the destruction of
the property.
This is the law as it exists among civilized na-
tions. They destroy private property remaining
in the shape of a fortification, whether occupied
or unoccupied. If that principle prevails among
civilized nations, most certainly you would extend
the same principle with regard to granting relief
for losses caused by savage warfare.
The reason why Government cannot undertake
to lemunerate citizens for losses of private prop-
erty in civilized warfare is most palpable. If it
were to be done, you would justify them in the
destruction of private property, because they would
thus assail your Treasury, which must meet the
expense of the remuneration; and it would be the
policy to destroy your Treasury as well as your
armaments. But when war exists among civilized
nations, they have said they would not touch pri-
vate property. If, however, you adopt the prin-
ciple of making good the destruction of private
property, you invite its destruction, because you
give it the character of public property by so
doing, and will be responsible for its destruction,
and thus exhaust your Treasury. The principle
of humanity, which would prevent the destruction
of private property where there could be no re-
dress, we should in such a case be exempt from;
because we should know that at a later day the
party would be relieved from the loss by his Gov-
ernment. I suppose that to be the reason why
nations in their laws have always refused to pay
for the destruction of private property, unless at
the time of the destruction the character of public
property was impressed upon it; in which case
they are responsible for it.
I believe that is the true principle, the true con-
struction of the laws of nations; and according to
the principle of the law of 1816, as this case stands,
although the reasoning did not satisfy me, the
facts as set forth do satisfy me. Government for-
tified the property, and thereby impressed upon it
the character of public property; and is therefore
responsible for its destruction.
The distinction therefore in this case is, that the
Government may impress a permanent character
on property, and then the actual occupation at
the moment of destruction is not necessary to en-
title the owner to recover the value. Destruction
might take place during the occupation by the
military, or it might not. In this case a perma-
nent character was given by the fortification by
the Government; anil that being the case, I think
the claim comes within the principle of the law of
Itf 10, and ought to be allowed.
Mr. 13RODHKAD. I understand the facts of
the rase very differently fiom the Senator from
I Delaware, [Mr. Bayatu>.J I understand that
; these mills were occupied with the consent of the
' owner; that they were not fortified; consequently
! no permanent character was given to them, and*
| when the troops left, they immediately became
: private property again.
; Mr. BAYARD. If the Senator will allow me
to read an extract from the report, I think he will
come to a different conclusion. The facts, as I
have already stated, are not given as specifically as
{could wish, but I will give them as they are stated.
The report says:
f n the ta«e under consideration, The petitioner bad on-
srmaUy <>r< cU'd his building? and other improvements, under
?h<' 't-Muai'cc tnven m the President's proclamation, that
the p  r-on- and piopertvof Keltkr^ -lion''! i-o protected.
thc-e buildings were coir- . wd into a tern-
pOi?iy feit l>v an officer of the Government, and as cue!) be-
■ (Tii,if'the point ot assault to the Indians immediately aft"
1 thfir mi.er---fu! attack on Fort and the <
| o" i!-. "iiri l on."
i I understand the words %i converted into a tem-
| porary fort," to embrace some act winch would
effect the change of the character of these build-
I mgs into a fort, by the e ection of a stockade, or
by some other mode—a character which would
remain after the troops had retired. The charac-
ter impressed by the Government on the property
stiil remained.
The bill, as amended, was reported to the Sen-
ate, and the amendment having been concurred
in, the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
