234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
should, and w.hieh in former days and better times I
of this Republic did actually, guide our delibera-
tions. I, then, repeat what I was about to remark,
that I know nothing of this individual case. I have
never seen the individual named in thg bill, and
never heard of the case before the bill was read. I
have no other feeling or desire in regard to it, than
to obey the great and important rules which should
govern us in our deliberations. And I now, again,
refer to the point that, when a man is in the employ
of the Government, he is bound to exert such
powers and ability as he possesses, for the benefit
of that Government. If he is wounded it gives
him no title to increased pay at her hands, unless
it be by way of a pension; and it gives him no
title to increased pay if he was able to perform the
duties of clerk, after he was disabled for the field.
It was the duty of his officer to employ him in that
department. In that employment the officer had
a right to require his services; and it was his duty
to render them. Now, Mr. Chairman, this is the
rule we had in former times observed. The gen-
tleman says, that in consequence of this wound,
being disabled for the field, he had an increased
claim upon the Government for an increase of pay,
because lie performed the arduous duties of a
clerk—the more easy 'duties of a bureau in an
office, rather than those of a field, and the suffer-
ings of a soldier. I do not think the reasoning
good. It is not such as has been admitted as co-
gent and good in former times. It gives him no
increased claim upon the Government. Now, sir,
this man, being in the employment of the Govern-
ment, and agreeing to serve, was entitled to his
compensation from the time he entered it up to the
time of his discharge. I am willing to give him
this; and then he is entitled to a pension front that
time from the Government, and unquestionably
does receive it. He is, therefore, now in receipt
of his pension, according to laws in force at the
time of his engagement. I would give him that
pension, but I would not heap upon him the extra
compensation which this hill contemplates. I re-
peat that it is a most ungracious and unwilling task
10 stand here and oppose a private claim. But we
have had one continued rule upon this subject for
thirty years—never departed from—and to that
rule I am, for one, disposed 10 adhere. I am un-
willing to depart from it; but, as I said before, upon
the majority of this House rests the responsibility,
and not upon me.
Mr. BISSELL. A single word. The gentle-
man from Ohio overlooks the fact altogether, that
it is in proof before this committee that this young
man was entitled to his discharge, and that lie ap-
plied for it. He also overlooks the fact that the
furlough for the balance of his time entitled him
to his own services, and to the earnings of his own
labor, from that time to the expiration of his term.
Mr. G1DDING.S. It was fin- from my inten-
tion to overlook this point, as I said before, and
so says the gentleman now, that he received his
furlough. For what? Because he was disabled
for the field. It gave him no right to claim addi-
tional compensation from this Government what-
soever because he was permitted to return home i
from the held. It was only because he was in-
competent to follow the army, and discharge field
duties. When he did tins, it was his duty "to ren-
der his ln-Ht services to the bureau to which his
oiTicer avsioned iiim.
iUr. B18SELL. I ask the gentleman what;
avail, then, was his furlough, if he is to derive no
benefit from it? Why make a mockery of the
thing, and send him a furlough for the balance of
his term, and then claim his services for that un-
expired term?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will reply to the gentle-
man ft-ith his permission.
Mr. BISSELL. Certainly. i
Mr. CA RTTER. I rise to a question of order.
Is it in order for one gentleman to give the floor to
another, with his consent that, he make a speech?
"1 he CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from lilt- ;
nois [Mr. Bissell] has the floor, and it is not
- competent for him to give the floor to another,
Mr. BISSELL. I wish merely to ask again,
of what avail was his furlough? and, according to
the doctiine of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddi.vgs,] what was it but an insulting mockery
to send him a furlough for the balance of his term
on the ground that the severe wound he had re- '
ceived disqualified him for the dutiesof a soldier, !
which he had undertaken to perform? When you i
sent him that furlough did you tell him the Gov-
ernment is still entitled to las services? That fur-
lough gave him a right to the balance of his term,
the same as a discharge would have done, and he
entered into a special contract with an officer of
the Government there, for a specific price to act as
clerk in the Department, precisely the same as if
he had returned to New Orleans and engaged with
a merchant there to act as clerk; and whether this
be according to precedent or not, I say here, so
help me God,.so long as 1 have a seat in this Hall
I will forever vote for claims like this.
Mr. CLEVELAND. It seems to „me that
this is not correctly understood by my worthy
friend from Ohio. In the first place, as to the
matter of the rules and practice of the House, when
they run counter to the principles of justice, 1 am
opposed to them. But this claim is not very well
understood by the gentleman upon my right, [Mr.
Giddings.] When this man enlisted to serve his
country, he enlisted to serve that country as a
soldier; and one of the conditions necessarily im-
plied by that enlistment was, if he received wounds
in that country's service, he should be entitled to
a discharge or fuilough. Now am I right in this?
If I am, then when he had received a wound, in
the discharge of the duties that he contracted to
perform for that Government, and was disabled
from the further discharge of those duties, I ask
whether the Government had any claim upon him
either in law or equity? There is not a man in
this House but who will say, no—no claim what-
ever. Has it come to this, that if I enlist to serve
my country, and suffer from wounds received in
the service of that country, they have a right to
turn me over to become a shoe-black, or clerk, or
or anything else I may still be able to perform ?
This seems to be the substance of the claim of
thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddincs.] Now,
the Government discharged him from the perform-
ance of further military duties; and having done
so, they had no right to call upon him to perform
another duty—which I presume the committee
found was necessary for some one to do; and
liajiiK' done so, I ask, Is there a man in this
HobR: who is not willing to pay him for that ex-
tra duty ? Upon the same principle, a master me-
chanic might refuse to pay a useful servant for
overwork. With equal propriety the gentleman
from Ohio might claim, as we pensioned him, that
we have a right to compel him to perform clerical
duty the rest of his life, when he owed no sort of
duty to the Government any more than any mem-
ber of this House owes duties outside of this
House. And with that view, it seems to me there
cannot be ten men found ill this House who would
not be ready to vote for this claim. It is as right-
eous and just a chum as ever was presented for
consideration in any deliberative body. And in
addition to that, the man who employed him, and
who, all will allow, was more competent to decide
the matter than we can be, felt the justness of it
so strongly that he paid it out of his own pocket;
and this man might have kept it. But he was a
noble man. When he found that the Department
felt constrained to refuse it, he paid it back, and
comes here and asks this House whether they
will refuse to pay him. If I had one hundred
votes to give, I would most cheerfully give them
in favor of this man; and I believe such is the
voice of a large majority of this House.
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely rise for a mo-
ment. T have no voice or inclination to address
the House. This matter was submitted to my
examination last year, as a member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I remember its mer-
its. I looked at this case carefully. Havin  !
examined it with great attention, I became satis-
fied that the claim upon the Government was just, I
and that the first payment to Mr. Everett was cor- j
rect, and was more satisfied of the correctness of'
his intentions by his willingness to repay it. My !
honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Giddixgs] who I
urges such arguments against it, speaks from his i
own feelings when he talks of the right of I
the Government to the services ofa dismissed sol-
dier. Because he would volunteer his services it ;
does not follow that the Government has a right to j
compel the services of a man whom it has dis- |
missed for honorable wounds. It was upon that view I
of the subject that I reported a bill at the last
Congress similar to the bill now before the House.
I became fully satisfied of the merits of the case,
not only because the man had done the service to
the country for which he claims payment, but be-
cause the country had no more right, to his ser-
vices then, than it has to come and claim one of
the clerks in front of your desk, to go and do any
clerical duty ill the western part of the city. This
man was dismissed, and was employed anew by
the officer of the Government, and he was prop-
erly paid, not the full payment of a clerk, but the
payment of a clerk, less the amount of his ser-
vices as a dismissed soldier. Upon this ground I
shall vote for it. I should have said more about
it, but my honorable friend [Mr. Cleveland] who
has just taken his seat, has so fully and fairly
stated the case that further remarks are unneces-
sary, and I will take my seat.
Mr. EDGERTON. The simple question we
should ask, as regards the payment of this claim
is: Did the United States require the services per-
formed by this Mr. Everett? It is to be presumed
that the United States did require that service.
Requiring the service, it is a matter of perfect
indifference to the Government whether it was per-
formed by Edward Everett, John Jones, or any
other person; and the only question we have to
ask is simply, was the service required by the
Government; was it performed to the satisfaction
of the Government; has the Government paid any
person for the performance of this service; if the
service was performed—as it was of course—was
it performed by Mr. Everett? If he had not per-
formed it, some other person would have been re-
quired to do it, and the Government would have
paid them for it. It is simply for the reason that
the service was required and performed, and the
Government has not paid for it, that I shall vote
for this bill.
Mr. WILCOX. It seems that the services in
this case were required. There is, then, but one
point involved in the consideration of this bill,
which is simply this: It appears that he was un-
der a furlough, from the officer who had a right to
give him a furlough. During the pendency of the
furlough, his military identity was suspended, and
he had a perfect right to employ himself as a clerk
in the different departments; and I know of no bill
presented to the House, or that will be presented,
that is more meritorious than the one now under
consideration. I know something of the hardships
of camp duties, and I know something of the
rights, too, of a soldier; and while this Govern-
ment has been just and liberal heretofore in the
passage of bills and bestowing of bounties, still I
think there never has been a case presented to the
consideration of this House, having more merits
than the one now under consideration. This in-
dividual was disabled by the accidental discharge
of a pistol. He could not discharge such duties
as the regulations of the United States required to
be performed at his hands. Consequently he
sought employment in oneof the departments, and
discharged the duties there devolved upon himfaith-
fully, promptly, and efficiently. It appears from
the papers appended to the memorial that those
duties were required, and that he was paid for
those services the entire amount which was al-
lowed him under the contract. The quartermas-
ter presented his claims to the Government, but
the Government having refused to allow it, he, as
an honest American citizen—as a soldier, true to
his Government and just to his country—paid
back the money to the quartern-aster, and now
throws^ himself upon the justice of his country
through the Representatives in Congress. I hesi-
tate not a moment to believe that the Congress of
the United States will pass a bill so meritorious
as the one now under consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I know but
little about military affairs, or military opera-
tions—in fact, nothing. But I understand there
is a difference between a discharge and a furlough.
That when an individual is put under a furlough,
he is subject to the order and command of the
Government, under the laws and Constitution of
the Government. Then the question does not
present itself in the shape stated by some of the
honorable members—that the Government used
his services, and therefore should pay him. When
an individual is on furlough, his services are in
requisition when required by the Government,
according to the contract between the Government
and the volunteer.
Mr. BISSELL moved that the bill be laid aside,
and reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass; which motion was agreed to.
