2012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
town of Belle view, in Iowa, for the purpose of put-
ting it upon its passage. I can state the object of
the bill in less than thirty seconds. The Govern-
ment holds certain reserved lands in Iowa, next to
the Mississippi river . -
Mr. HAMILTON. Is this to come out of the
morning: hour ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Iowa propose to takfe up the bill before proceeding;
to the consideration of the business in the morning
hour ?
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES. I object, and call for the regular
order of business,
Mr. CLARK. I do not believe there can be
any objection to taking up that bill.
The SPEAKER. Objection was made by three
or four gentlemen; and, amongst others, by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. CLARK. No one objected but the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, and I do not think he will
insist on his objection.
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair
to anticipate what gentlemen will do. Several
gentlemen objected, and the Chair so announced.
Is the objection withdrawn?
Mr. JONES. No, sir.
OAKLAND AND OTTAWA RAILROAD.
The question recurred on the motion to lay on
the table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the Michigan railroad bill was laid on the
table.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CLEVELAND. That motion was made
by me yesterday.
The SPEAKER. That motion was proposed
to be made, and the Chair decided that itcouldnot
be made at that time.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Well, I wished to renew
the motion at the proper time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It was upon my motion
that this bill was laid upon the table, but I under-
stand that the gentleman from Arkansas 
[Loud cries of "Order!" and "Object'"]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the motion
to reconsider prevails, I want to withdraw the
omnibus.
[Loud cries of "Order!"]
Mr. STUART demanded the yeas and nays;
and they wereordered.
Mr. fiENDlilCKS. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether, jf we reconsider this vote, the
gentleman from Arkansas will have a light to
withdraw his amendment, even if there is objec-
tion to its withdrawal ?
(Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. ALLISON. \ can inform the gentleman
from Indiana that its withdrawal will be objected
to.
The SPEAKER., The right of the gentleman
from Arkansas to withdraw his amendment before
action has been had upon it, is very clear.
Mr. JOHNSON. And no action has been had
upon it.
Mr. STUART. I want to call the attention of
the Chair to the rule upon that subject. It is per-
fectly clear.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
the right of the gentleman from Arkansas to with-
draw his amendment is very clear.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Does the Chair decide that the
gentleman from Michigan had a right to move a
reconsideration of the vote by which the bill was
laid on the table, after it had once been recon-
sidered, and when the bill had not been altered in
the least ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee raises a question of order in reference to
the motion to reconsider. Some clays since, the
House reconsidered the vote by which this very
bill was laid upon the table. Yesterday the bill
was again laid upon the table, and a motion is
now made to reconsider again. If it had been
upon the passage of the bill, it is very clear that a
second reconsideration could not take place; but
the laying of a bill upon the table is not decisive,
under our rules—at all events it is not contem-
plated by the rules as a vote decisive of the fate
of the hill, whatever the practice may have been.
It is often a question of time merely—to lay on
the table now and refuse it then. The Chair
thinks that from its nature, it may be reconsidered
as often as the House chooses, being a question
only .in regard to the time of laying the bill upon
the table. The Chair is not sure that this decis-
ion is a correct one under the parliamentary law,
but he thinks it is. The vote to lay on the table
yesterday, and the vote to lay on the table to-
day, are distinct votes, controlled perhaps by time
alone. The Chair therefore overrules the point of
order.
Mr. VENABLE. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. MILLSON On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Vena-
ble's motion, and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 51, nays 104.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question recurring upon the motion to lay
the motion to leconsider upon the table, it was
taken and decided in the affirmative—yeas 92,
nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, John Applcton, William
Appieton, Babcock, Bartlett, Beaie, Dennett, Bocock, John
H. Boyd, Breckinridge, Bunows, Bu<by, Joseph Cable,
Caldwell, C'a&kie, Chapman, Cbastain, Cleveland, Curti®,
Daniel, Goo. T.Davis, Dawson,Dean, Dimmick,Dockery,
Duncan, Edmund^on, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J. I). Fuller.
Gamble, Gentry, Guiding-:, Goudonow, Grey, Hamilton,
Isham G. Haras, Ilascail, flehatd, Ifibbard, iiiilver, lloi-
ladav, Uorslord, John W. Howe,Thomas-, M. Howe, Hun-
ter, higersoll, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Preston King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Leteher.Mami, Martin, Ma-
son, McLanahan, McMuUni, MeNair, McQueen, Millson,
Miner, Moreliead, Murphy, Muuay, Newton, Outlaw,
Samuel YV. l'atker, Perkins, I'uce, iliddlc, Robie, Ro.-s,
Savage, Schermerhovn, Schoonmakfr. Seuddcr, Davnl L.
Seymour, On gen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Stone,
Stratton, Sutherland,Tuck. Vonable, Wallnitlge, Wallace,
Watktns, and Wihlnck—9-.J.
NAYS—Mes-m. Abciu'ombie, Willis Allen, Barrere,
Bowie, Biagj.'. Brenton, Briirifs, Albert G. Brown, Geoi e
H. Blown, E. (.'arumjton Cabell, Lewi* 0. Campbell,
ThompM~m Campbell, Chandler, Claik, Chnmnan, Uohb,
Conger, Disney, Doty, Durkee, Ka-'tmai), f'dgetton, Fiok-
hn, Florence, Fiecman, Green, liai poi, Sampson VV. llai-
Haven, Hendricks, Hrnn, Houston, Ilovvai d. Thomas
Y. How, Jatn«> Johnson, John Johnson, Robert \V. John-
son, Lamhy, hockh.nt, Maoo, Humphrey Marshall, Mil-
ler, Molony, Joint Moou*, Nahor*, OUK, On, Bonn, l*en-
niman, Phelps*, Polk, Porter, RiehanKori, Robinson,
Sackutt, Sehooh-iaft, Scnrrv, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Abraham P. Stephens, St. Martin, Strothei, Stuait, Thun-
ton, Townsheml, WaNh, Waul, WUch, Addison White,
AleKandei While, Wilcox, William*., and Yates—73.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Pending the call of the roll on the above vote,
the following gentlemen stated that they had paired
olt;
Mr. Asxik with Mr. Dahs, of Indiana; and
Air. Hart with Mr. McCorki k.
STEAMBOAT RACING.
Mr. SACKETT asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Jipiolveil, That the Committee on the Judiciary be m-
sti acted to iti(|uue into the propriolv o{ repotting a bill
making it a capital orten>o for the oUuer->aml men, em-
ployed upon any steamboat innni'Hj on any of the watets
of the United States, and on winch pa- cns5vr^ aio earned
lot liiic, to he in any way engaged m running: any -ucli boat,
on which they may be so employed, tn any i.tee, tiialof
speed, or contest for lapnlity of parage with any other
steamboat or vessel.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. KING, of New York. That subject js
nlready before the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in or-
der from the Committee on the Post OiRce and ;
Post Roads.
POST OFFICE LAWS. i
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Posti
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint insolation
modifying the existing laws fot the government,
of the Post Office Department m relation to Call- '
fomia and Oregon;'" which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to the Committee 1
of the Whole on the stnfe of the (Jnion, and or- ,
dered to be printed. - '
JOHN DEARMIT.
Mr. CLARK, from the *ame committee, re-1
ported a bill for the relief of John Dearmit; which ;
\vas read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. C. 1 desire to know whether it is neces-
sary that that bill should go to aCommittee of the
Whole House ?
Several Voices. " Read the bill!"
The bill was then read through.
Mr. CLARK. Is it necessary that this bill s
| should go to the Committee of the Whole House?
; It provides that the sum therein mentioned shall
: be paid out of any money in the Post Office De-
| partment not otherwise expended.
| The SPEAKER. The principle which has
| hitherto controlled the action of the House upon
j this point is simply this: If by the passage of the
'bill under consideration, money will actually be
! paid out of the Treasury, without an appropria-
i tion, it must go to the Committee of the Whole,
i A precisely similar case was before the House the
| other day, and the Chair so decided,
j Mr. CLARK. 1 move, then, that it take the
usual course—that it be referred to a Committee
I of the Whole House, and made the order of the
I day for to-morrow, and that the bill and report be
I printed.
I The motion was agreed to.
i Mr. GREY, from the same committee, to which
l was referred the petition of J. C. Buckles, of Mc-
■ Stee & Eastman, and of the legal representatives of
i Nofhaniel Patten, deceased, made reports thereon,
1 accompanied by the following bills, viz:
j A bdl for the* benefit of J. C. Buckles, of Louis-
: ville, Kentucky;
< A bill for the relief of McStee and Eastman; and
i A bill for fiie relief of the legal re; .'-aentatives
j of Nathaniel Patten, deceased, kite a Representa-
tive of Missouri.
Which bills were severally read a first and sec-
! ond time, committed to a Committee of the Whole
| House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
! and the bills and the reports ordered to be printed.
I Mr. GREY, from the same committee,to which
! was referred the petition of Washington Castle-
1 ton, of Hawesville, Kentucky, made a report
J thereon, accompanied by & hill for his benefit;
' which bill was read a first and second time by its
' title.
I Mr. GREY. I ask that the bill be read through
with the view of havinq; it put upon its passage.
I The bill was read through by the Clerk.
! Mr. GREY. 1 presume that this bill could be
. acred upon without reference to a Committee of the
; Whole House.
; The SPEAKER. Under the rule of the House,
; the bill, containing as it does an appropnation,
1 must be referred to a Committee of the Whole
1 House, unless by unanimous consent the House
allows it to be put upon its passage,
j Mr. GREY, The bill provides that $110 31
shall be paid to the Postmaster at Hawesville,
' Kentucky, for money paid twice by htm through
| mistake. I hope there will be no objection to its
i being now put upon its passage. 1 'ask that the
| report be read.
: The report was then read by the Clerk.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
, if this bill provides for the payment of a sum of
i: money which the postmaster alleges to have in-
j' closed in a letter, but which was lost?
ij Mr. GREY. I will answer in relation to this
| matter, that J believe every member of the Com-
| mitfee on the Post Office and Post Roads agreed in
the justice of this claim, and agreed to recommend
j1 the passage of the bill. The facts connected with
i the case were these: It is the custom of the Post-
i master General to authorize drafts to be remitted
from the postmasters fn the small towns in the in-
!' terior of tne country, for the amount they receive
[, in those oiHces. These drafts are drawn in favor
of a postmaster in some of the large towns in the
neighborhood, who, in that respect, act as the
!, agent of the Department. Hawesville is upon the
, Ohio river, about one hundred miles below Louis-
1 ville. The Postmaster General drew a draft upon
, the postmaster at that place in favor of the post-
master at Louisville. The postmaster at Louis-
ville wrote to the postmaster at Hawesville, and
drew uponhim for $110 13, which was the amount
of money in the hands of the postmaster at that
■ place. The postmaster at Hawesville immediately
took the money, and got, it exchanged for two
; fifty dollar notes, and one ten dollar note, making
; §110, which was the amount of the draft sen'
by the Postmaster General, put the money into
letter, and mailed it to the postmaster at Louie
1 ville. He proves that the money was put into a
, letter which he wrote to the postmaster at Louis-
ville. He proves that the letter was mailed and
placed in the mail bags under the care of the agent
1 of tiie Postmaster General. Thr-t mail bag was
broken open, and the money taken from it. Then,
■ sir, the proof is positively made out that there
