238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to wbom were
referred the petition and papers of Sylvanus Blodget, report:
That it appears from the statement of the petitioner on
oath, pustajiied by satisfactory evidence, that he was a pri-
vate m the company of volunteer miliua from the town of
Jericho, m the county of Chittenden, State of Vermont,
commanded by Captain Peter L, Alien, of said town; that
on hearing that the British forces were advancing upon
Fiattsburg, in the State of New York, early in September,
18L4, the said militia company volunteered to defend their
country against the invading foe, marched to Lake Cham-
plain, which they crossed, and were actually engaged in
the battle of Plattsburg; that the petitioner, while in the
line of his duty as a private in said company in the defence
of PJattsburg, by reason of fatigue and exposures, lying
out on the ground in cold rainy nights without coveiing,
took a severe cold aiul was subsequently earned home
sick, with severe pain id his head, back and hips, and also
a very sore throat and mouth: that he was then confined by
severe sickness, by rheumatism in his hips, back, and light
knee and ancle, about six weeks, and also severe inflamma-
tion in his eyes, which rendered them very weak and sore,
gradually growing worse ever since, and has been able but
a small portion of the time to perform manuallabor; that
for nearly twenty years past he has been too blind to do much
labor; that ever since his return from Plattsburg he had
been more or less aifhcted with rheumatism, and at times
very severely; that he has io^tthe use of one of hi* eyes,
and can see but dimly with the other; that before he wr-nt
to Plattsburg he was in robu-t health, but since his return
his geneia! health has been very poor; that he is luliy sat-
isfied that his afflictions came upon him by going to Platts-
burg, a* aforesaid ; that he is poor and now about sixty-
five years old; and is dependent entirely on a son, who is
in low circumstances, for a house to shelter himself and
family. Therefore, in consideration of Ins services and
consequent afflictions, the petitioner piays that Congress
will grant him common soldier's pay during the remainder
of his life.
The facts of petitioner's service and faithful performance
of his duty as a private, as stated, are sworn to by his cap-
tain and colonel, and the fact of his being a healthy, robust,
and athletic man previous to said service, is sworn toby
his captain and several of his neighbors, who were well
acquainted with him previous to anil since his return from
said service; and also his being brought home sick, and
remaining sick for several weeks, and fully corrobora-
ting linn in his statements as to his continued bad health,
inflammation of the eyes, and subsequent blindness and
poverty.
Then* is also the testimony of two physicians, who cer-
tify that the petitioner is 111 the condition set foith by him,
and that it is their ^opinion that flic cause of Ins said eoui-
i l<\int> \vas  m consequence of his exposures at the battle of
i'lntt-burg.
Youi committee, being fully satisfied that the petitioner is
entitled to the relief, repuit a bill accordingly.
Mr. DUNHAM. f do not intend to detain the
committee long. When I made my motion I un-
derstood the gentleman on my left {"Mr. East-
man] to say that this was the first application of
the petitioner. In fhat he is undoubtedly mistaken,
for 1 remember this as an old case. I maintain,
however, that the principle is a wrong one. It
does seem to me that the same principle which
requires us to pay back pensions—the back prin-
cipal—would require us to pay interest also; lor if
we have improperly retained the money, we ought
to pay interest upon it. But that is not the inten-
tion of the Government. The intention of the
Government is to furnish a support to the individ-
ual who has been disabled in the public service
from earning a livelihood by his own exertions,
and it seems to me that that is all we ought to do.
Suppose a case is brought before this Congress;
we think that the claim is not sufficient and reject
it. It comes before another House and they reject
the claim, and so itgoes on for eight or ten years.
Finally, a House comes up that is favorable to the
bill and passes it, reverses the decision of the eight
or ten Congresses before, and gives aback pension.
It is for the House to say whether that principle
is correct. 1 do not think it is.
Mr. AVERETT. I rise to make an inquiry as
to a fact. Is it a fact that there have been hereto-
fore adverse reports and adverse proceedings of
the House upon this case?
Mr. DUNHAM. I cannot answer that ques-
tion, because the committee's reports are not before I
the House. We are legislating here without any J
of the tacts of the case before us. The reports are [
not here and we can tell nothing about the cases. !
®ut I understand this case to have been here for [
several years. I understand the gentleman to >
have sent to the table the first report made, and j,
that was in 1848, and I presume, therefore, that ;
the case failed to receive the favorable action of |!
Congress. ■1
There is another suggestion which I desire to !■
make, ff there is a good claim against the Gov- I'
erument, in this case, why is it here? Because l!
the case does not come within the purview of the |>
law, and consequently there is 110 valid claim |'
against the Government. The claimant comes j>
here to ask from us, not a matter of right but a 11
; gratuity. His case comes not within the general
• law under which the Department is acting. I ask,
| then, with what propriety can it be said that be-
, cause this case has been before Congress for five
| years, we are therefore bound, not to furnish the
I claimant with a current support, but to set him
. up in life with sufficient capital to begin with ? X
: Bay that the principle is wrong. Before I take
j my seat, I will change my amendment and move
j that "1846" be stricken out and "1848" be in-
1 serted in lieu thereof.
| Mr. FOWLER. I wish to say that I objected
! to this case in the outset, for want of the facts. I
; understand now that the gentleman from Wis-
1 cousin [Mr. Eastman] has introduced the sub- !
I stantial facts of the case, by presenting a former 1
' report. That report being authenticated, is satis- |
| factory to me, and I state, by way of explanation j
of my objection in former cases to-day, that it!
arose solely from the want of light. That was |
the ground on which I originally objected to this !
case. I am now satisfied, because we have got a '
report.
Mr. HEBARD. I believe that the objection j
to this case is not with reference to the merits of
the case, but merely with reference to the point
of time at which the pension shall commence.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] has
modified his amendment, and it is not a matter of
very great consequence now, except as regards
the establishment of a principle. It seems to me
that when the gentleman yields the first point, as
his amendment indicates, he yields the whole.
The gentleman says this is a gratuity. That is
very true; but it is a gratuity founded upon the
merits of the particular case. I am aware that
the principle has been established heretofore in
granting invalid pensions, that we diall not go
back to the time of service for the date of the
commencement of" the pension, but that we shall
follow the rule adopted by the Pension Depart-
ment, and allow the pension from the time when
the case was made out. Now 1 understand this
case to have been made out to the Pension De-
S partment in 1846. That department did not refuse
to grant the pension because the case had no mer-
I its, but because they were acting under certain
| rules and regulations, and there were technical
! objections to their granting the pension. The
| committee, therefore, acting upon the rule that the
pension should commence at the time when the
case was made out, liave fixed the period at 1846.
It sjems to me that we should be acting by a
very artificial rule, if, in endeavoring to do jus-
tice here, we should deny the first element of
| justice in the case. If this man was ever entitled ,
: to a pension under any law, or according to any j
i principle of or analogy to law, it was when he had j
j made out his case. I hope the House will not ;
j undertake to act under any artificial rule or tech-
! nicality, but will deal out a measure of justice by j
j granting to this very meritorious man, who has 1
| made out a very meritorious claim, his pension :
i from the time the committee have recommended,
j Mr. MILLSON. There are befqre the Com-
| mittee 011 Invalid Pensions, and before the com-
| mittee of which I am a member, a great many ap-
1 plications for pensions, and it is very important
that the House should use some circumspection
in establishing tlie principle by which they are
hereafter to be governed.
I understand that the present application is to
place an individual on the pension list, who is not ,
entitled to be there by any existing law. I do S
not see, therefore, that the objection made in the j
Pension Office, is of the character described by the j
1 gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. HebardJ—a mere j
1 technical objection. The claim was rejected, it !
j appears, by the Commissioner of Pensions, not !
I because of any technical objections, but because i
1 there was no existing law which authorized this :
individual to be placed upon the pension list at all. j
Mr. HEBARD, (interrupting.) With the per- j
mission of the gentleman, 1 will state that when I j
spoke of technical objections, I meant that the •
claim was not disallowed for want of merit. j
Mr. MfLLSOIY. Now, for aught, I know, there 1
may bo petitions before this House, asking that •
the pension system may be extended to the State vol-1
unteers, as well as to the officers and soldiers of
the regular Army, and it may be very well for '
this House to determine whether they will extend j,
the pension system as far as that or not. But it I
seems to me to be somewhat dangerous to legislate II
upon general principles, and to apply these gen-
eral principles only to particular cases. If it be
right to place an individual upon the pension list
who'has been engaged in the service of His State,
then, there ought to be a general law embracing
those cases; and that is the decision to which the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, to which
I belong, has invariably come. There are now
before us very many applications from different
persons, asking that the benefit of the pension law
may be extended to them. The widows of revo-
lutionary soldiers are entitled to receive pensions
if they married before the 1st of January, 1800.
We have before us now, and there have heretofore
been, a great number of petitions asking that those
widows who were married since the 1st of Janu-
ary, 1800, may receive pensions from the United
States. Those petitions have been invariably re-
jected, upon the ground, that if the Government
chooses to extend the pension laws, it ought to be
done by a general law applying to all cases—those
cases to be adjusted at the Department, and not
by Congress. But the committee have been un-
willing to extend relief in a particular case when
it would .apply to a larger number of instances.
I am expressing no opinion, at this time, as to
the propriety of extending our pension system as
far as is asked, but I think it is somewhat dan-
gerous to legislate upon these particular appli-
cations when we may be committed to such an
extension of the system as would be objectionable
to the majority of this House. It is not, there-
fore, jpecause I have come to any definite con-
clusion in regard to the subject under discussion,
but because we are now at the commencement of
our session, and because the principles declared
to-day, may, if they do not control, at least em-
barrass our future action, and because weare legis-
lating without the aid of those reports which are
intended to give information to the members, that
I suggest there should be some little delay at least,
before we come to a conclusion which may lead to
consequences somewhat formidable. I therefore
move that the committee rise.
The question being taken, there was found to
be no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMILTON demanded tellers; which
were ordered, and Messrs. Hamilton and Mrni-
phv appointed.
The question being then taken, it was decided
in the negative—ayes 43, noes 74.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. BISSELL. This application was made
some time since—no matter how long ago—and we
are about now, for the first time, to take action upon
it and decide it. There can be no doubt that we
have the power to act arbitrarily in this matter, and
do just as we please in reference to it, but I do hold
that in this case, as in all others, we ought to have
some little regard to consistency. IfVe decide
that this petitioner is entitled to a pension, we de-
cide so upon the case that he made out and pre-
sented to us some time ago, but which we have
not acted upon till now. There is no additional
proof presented to us at this time which was not
before us when the application was first made. If
he is entitled to a pension now, he was then; and
if he was not entitled to it then, lie is not now. If
we vote him a pension at all, therefore, that pen-
sion ought to date back to the time when he made
out his case and presented his application. He
made out his case and presented it long ago, and
now when we are about to act upon it, what con-
sistency or propriety is there in saying that he
shall have a pension from this time? Remember
that we must decide this case as it was presented
to us at first. It has undergone no change—no
modification. I will read to the committee a sec-
tion of the act of 1822, which, I am this moment
informed by a friend, covers this case. It is as
follows:
" The right any person now ha?, or hereafter may ac-
quire, to receive a pension in virtue of anv law of the United
States, shall be construed to commence at the time of com-
pleting his testimony, pursuant to the act hereby revived
and continued iu force "
That is not only law, but it is reason and com-
mon sense; and it is clear that this claim ought
either to be rejected altogether, or allowed from
the time when the application was made and the
case perfected.
Mr. SKELTON. I have but a few words to
say upon this subject. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. BissellJ says, that if this petitioner is
entitled to a pension at all, he is entitled to one
