1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
from the time when he first made his application.
Now, there is a principle involved in this granting
of pensions, which the gentleman seems to have
overlooked. We grant pensions in some cases
upon principles of justice, and in other cases upon
principles of humanity. If the petitioner claims
his pension upon principles of justice, he is evi-
dently entitled to it for the whole time; but if he
claims it on principles of justice and humanity, it
is fully competent for us to decide on the extent of
his claim. If we acknowledge the principle indi-
cated by the gentleman from Illinois, we must
give the pension back to the time when the ser-
vices were rendered. Now, that is a principle
which is acknowledged by no one here.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
desire to say one word of explanation. The prin-
ciple of alio wing pensions from the time when the
testimony in the case was completed, does not ne-
cessarily carry back the allowance to the time
when the services were rendered. Itproceedsupon
this principle: that if the applicant has neglected
his rights and slumbered on them, he must take
the consequence of having so done; but if, on the
other hand, he has made out his case and Congress
has neglected to act upon it, then we are bound
to allow him his ppnsion from the time when the
application was made. In other words, the prin-
ciple upon which we proceed is, that our neglect
shall not prejudice his rights, while his own neg-
lect shall prejudice that right.
Mr. SKELTON. The gentleman bases his
proposition on the principles of right and justice",
while I contend that these pensions are given upon
principles of humanity, out of gratitude, on o^ir
part, for services rendered to the country, and that
those persons claiming pensions have no right to
come to us on principles of justice.
I shall vote for this amendment, because I am
opposed to this payment of back pensions, as I
believe it to be prejudicial to the interests of the
country, and a principle that ought not to be al-
lowed in our legislation.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dunham's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The next question being, " Shall the committee
report the biil to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass?" it was taken and agreed to.
AMOS KNAPP.
The next bill in order was House bill No. 60,
reported from the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
for the relief of Amos Knapp.
There being no objection to the bill, it was or-
dered to be reported to the House, with a rccom-
mendation that it do pass.
ARTEMAS CONANT.
The next bill that came up was House bill No.
61, for the payment of arrears of pensions to
the guardians of Artemas Conant, reported from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The calendar having now been gone through
with,
Mr. GOODENOW moved that the committee
rise; which motion was agreed to.
Thecommitteerose accordingly, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole House had had
under consideration sundry bills, from number 30
to number 61, inclusive, on the private calendar,
and had instructed him to report them all to the
House without amendment, and with the recom-
mendation that they do pass.
The bills were then severally reported to the
House by their titles.
The SPEAKER said the question on their en-
grossment would be taken in gross, unless gen-
tlemen desired that it should be taken upon them
separately. (
Mr. DUNHAM asked that a separate vote be i
taken upon number 61 for the payment of arrears I
of pension to the guardian of Artemas Conant.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, asked that a sepa- !
rate vote be taken upon number 60 for the relief :
of Amos Knapp. ;
The other bills were then ordered to be en- |
grossed and read a third time; and having been |
engrossed, were severally read the third time and I
passed, as follows, viz: i
A bill for the relief of the Virginia Woolen 1
Coiripan)'; 1
A bill for the relief of Edward Everett, late a
sergeant of the United States army;
A bill for the relief of David C. Cash and Giles
U. Ellis;
A bill for the relief of John W. Robinson;
A bill for the relief of Gardner Herring;
A bill for the relief of Silas.Champion;
A bill for the relief of Philip Miller;
A bill for the relief of Albra Tripp;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Johnston;
A bill for the relief of Robert Milligan; and
A bill for the relief of Sylvanus Blodget.
AMOS KNAPP AGAIN.
The question then recurred upon the engross-
' ment of number 60, being " A bill for the relief of
Amos Knapp."
Mr. STANTON", of Ohio. There has been no
statement in regard to this bill as to what are its
merits. I ask that it be read.
The bill was accordingly read.
Mr. MOLONY. For the information of the
House in relation to this bill, I will state, that the
papers accompanying the report, and which were
before the committee, show the fact of the dis-
charge of Knapp from* the service of the United
States during the war of 1812. Knapp's declara-
tions, made under oath, prove to the committee
not only the fact of his service for the United
States, but his disability incurred in that service;
and that the disability has con tinued from the time it
was incurred down to the time of his presenting
his case to Congress. He states, furthermore, in
that declaration, that he was not only disabled
from taking care of himself by disability, but that
he is embarrassed m his pecuniary condition—
that he is very poor. The declarations of Knapp
are sustained, in the first place, by the certificates
of nine citizens of Rochester, (the residence of
Knapp,) indorsing his statements in relation to
his disability, his poverty, and his being engaged
in the service of the United States. The charac-
ter of those nine citizens for high standing and
for veracity is indorsed by the member of this
House from Rochester, [Mr. Schermeriiorn.]
The fact of Knapp's disability being incurred in
the service of the United States is attested by two
fellow soldiers who enlisted and served m the war
with him—the depositions of those soldiers being
taken before a judge of the county court for the
county in which Rochester is situated, (Monroe,)
and the official character and signature of that
judge is attested by the member of this House to
whom T have just alluded. The disability of
Knapp is attested by two physicians, whose high
standing and professional character is indorsed
by the same member of this House. These are
the material facts which sustain the claim of
Knapp, and which were, in the opinion of the
committee, sufficient to warrant them in giving a
favorable report.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Molosy,] now,
what are the reasons for granting this claim? I
understand therQ is a general law authorizing the
Commissioner of Pensions to grant pensions to
persons wounded in the military service of the
country. I wish to know why this case does not
come within the provisions of the general law ;
and why is it that a special act is necessary?
Mr. MOLONY. The reasons are these: Knapp
enlisted in the service of the United States. While
in that service he received bodily disability. It
also appears that he is now very poor, and needs
his rights at the hands of the Government. These
are the reasons which have influenced the com-
mittee in giving their report.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
was read a third time and passed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. GENTRY". I rise to a privileged question.
In consequence of the request of some gentlemen
on the other side of the House, who say they are
fatigued, [laughter,] 1 move that when the House
adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays;
and on a division they were not ordered.
The House then agreed to the motion—ayes
99, noes 56.
ARTEMAS MOLONY, AGAIN.
The question now being, " Shall bill No. 61 be
engrossed and read a third timer"
Mr. DUNHAM called for the reading of the bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. DUNHAM. I think this is £ very singu-
lar bill, to say the least of it;-and it.is dueitf this
House, if nothing more, that the gentleman whe*
reported it, should give an explanation of it. It
provides for paying a pension to a guardian from
1830 to 1846, in violation of the principles upon
i which this Government has heretofore acted.
I Mr. MOLONY. For the information of the
j gentleman last up, and of the House, I will give
| the facts upon which this report was made. I
1 agree with the gentleman that upon the face'of it,
it has the appearance of contradicting the rulesby
which this House has been governed heretofore m
grantingpensions. It also has upon the face of it
an appearance of contradicting the rules that gov-
ern the Committee on Invalid Pensions, as has
been stated by the chairman of that committee.
But it will only become necessary to lay open to
the House, and to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Durham,] the facts as they are, and the
prima facie evidence will be rebutted. The facts
are, that this said Artemas Conant, in the year
1815, was put upon the pension roll at the rate of
$5 per month, for services in the war of 1812. It
appears that he continued to draw his pension reg-
ularly until 1830; that from 1830 to 1846 his pen-
sion was suspended, and for this reason: That
the certificate of the physican required by law,
and the rules of the Department, to wit—to the fact
of the continuation of his disabilities—was not,
from 1830 to 1846, rendered to the Department.
Hence, according to the rules of the Department,
if not according to specific law, the Department re-
fused to give him his pension. In 1846,and from
that time to the present, application was succes-
sively made to the Department. Accompanying
that application was a certificate of a physician,
required by statute, of the continuation of the dis-
ability upon which the pension was originally
granted. The question naturally arises in the
minds of gentlemen now here, why this sus-
pension of a pension to 1846, and why did not a
certificate of a physician accompany the applica-
tion ? For the reason, as appears in the evidence
fully, that said Conant was violently insane—so
violent that he would not, and did not, submit to
the necessary examination by a physician for the
certificate to be rendered. In 1846 his insanity be-
came partially relieved, so much so that he was
made to understand the necessity of an examina-
tion by a physician, and of a certificate, in order
to procure his pension. He submitted to that ex-
amination. From that time a certificate has been
given, and he has drawn his pension.
Mr. DUNHAM. I wish to inquire if he is
still living ?
| Mr. MOLONY. , He was a short time since.
I Mr. DUNHAM. Then I move, so far as I
i am concerned, simply to amend this hilljby in-
serting after the word "guardian," the words
"for the use of said Conant."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time, and it
was agreed to. The bill having been-angrossed,
it was then read the third time and passed.
Mr. GOODENOW. I ask leave of the House
to report a bill from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. When that committee was called the other
day, I did not hear it at all. I am anxious to re-
port a bill, that it may be put upon the calendar.
Mr. ORR. The committees will be called in a
day or two again. I move the House adjourn.
Mr. TENABLE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion, for the reason that there is
a communication upon the table which* I think, is
in answer to the call which emanated from the
Committee on Territories. 1 hope the House will
not adjourn until that communication be opened
and read. The public feel an interest in it. I
take an interest in it, and I think the House does.
Mr. ORR. I will withdraw it for that purpose.
Mr. MILLER. 1 ask the consent of the House
to introduce a bill, of which previous notice has
been given.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the House proceed to the consideration of the
business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The motion isnot
in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order if objection
is made. *
