1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
act of 1800, and which he supposed it was the
special object of my substitute to recommend and
reenact! Now, will my colleague say that these
unusual punishments, a description of which he
read from some literary journal, are expressly
authorized by the existing law ? I am sure he
cannot say that. How, then, does he seek to
establish his position? Why, he says the com-
manding officer is authorized to inflict punish-
ment according to the usage of the sea service.
Yet, that gentleman, in another part of his remarks,
said these punishments were so cruel that com-
manding officers would not inflict them at all.
Now, if they are so cruel that they are not in-
flicted at all, then they are not usages of the sea
service—if not usages of the sea service, they are
not authorized bylaw. So that my colleague's
argument is a complete Jelo de se. His very reason-
ing disproves his own conclusions.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 have this moment come into
the Hall. I regret that I have not heard my col-
league's logic.
Mr. MILLSON. I regret that my colleague
has not: for though I have not as much of that
commodity as he was pleased to ascribe to me
some days ago, I endeavor to make the best use of
what I have; and I wish that he could have had
the opportunity of judging whether it was too
attenuated to go to the mark, as he seemed to
think was the case on a former occasion. Now,
sir, my colleague has been endeavoring to prove
that the punishments provided for in my substi-
tute were so severe that lie could not sustain my
proposition on that account. He thus places him-
self in a position of direct antagonism with the
chairman of the Naval Committee, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] as well as other gentlemen who urged the
passage of this bill. My colleague says it was
designed to take from the captain the exercise of
these arbitrary powers. But they urged the pas-
sage of that bill for precisely the opposite reasons.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans] com-
plained of the defeat of the bill, and said he had
been told by a naval surgeon that insubordina-
tion had been carried to such an extreme that
sailors on board our vessels were daily and ha-
bitually accustomed to use the foulest, most pro-
fane, and even the most licentious language to
their officers, and that there was no punishment
for it. The same gentleman also quoted a remark
made by my colleague from the Accomac district,
[Mr. Bayly,] about a sailor who threw a missile
at his commanding officer, and he said he did not
wonder at it, for insubordination had run riot.
On the same occasion, the chairman of the Naval
Committee said: " Crime must not gounpunished.
' You must give this high and important power to
' the commanders of vessels, or else the service
' will go to destruction. This is the feeling of the
' whole Navy." It was a proper and just remark
of the chairman of the committee. But how does
this consist with the declaration of my colleague,
who urged the passage of the bill, not for the
purpose°of strengthening the executive arm, not
for the purpose of giving authority to the com-
manding officer to repress this insubordination,
but for the purpose of weakening his authority,
and taking from him the right to inflict those in-
human and cruel punishments, which he styled
"bucking," "crucifying," and "keelhauling?"
No, sir, my colleague, in another part of Ins ad-
dress, seemed to think that it would be difficult
to sustain his original position, and, forgetting,
perhaps, that he had said there was too much au-
thority in the commanding officer, and that it was
the object of that Senate bill to take from him this
arbitrary power, he appealed to the House most
earnestly and said thatit was absolutely necessary
that there should be some authority vested in the ;
hands of the captain, and protested against taking
it from him. .
Mr. BOCOCK, (interrupting.) If my col-
leao-ue will allow me, I will say that I have not
had the pleasure of hearing the whole of his re-
marks this morning. If the whole of it nas been
like the specimen which I have heard, I think lus
logic, always good, has not been particularly sue-
cessful in tins case. The first thing I heard my j
colleague say, when I came into this House, was |
this: that because the punishment is too arbitraly ,
to be used by an American captain, that, ttieie-|
foie, it is not in conformity with the usages of the ;
sea. Perhaps my colleague's view of sea service ,
does not extend beyond American ships, ine 1
usages of the sea are made up of the usages of all
sailors, on all ships, and on all seas, whether they
are American sailors or not. The thing, or act,
may be exactly conformable to the usages of the
sea, and yet it may be true that it had gone into
disuse among American officers, and would have
continued in disuse in American service, unless
recognized by the substitute of my colleague.
T he next thing I heard my colleague say to the
House was, that I was forgetful m one part of
my address of what 1 had stated in another part.
But, sir, lie confounds what 1 said in relation to
one subject, with what I said in relation to another
j subject. In the latter part of my remarks, I was
' combating the idea ol taking all authority from
i the captains of vessels, and giving them to these
ship courts. I was not saying that there was no
j authority now in the captains. I did not counte-
nance any such idea as that. 1 was combating
[ the doctrine that there were to be ship courts, anil
, that ail power was to be given into their hands,
I and it was in that connection that I said that it
was absolutely essential that some authority
should be left m the hands of the commanding of-
ficers of vessels.
Mr. M1LLSON. I am always pleased to hear
my colleague, and particularly when he speaks as
earnestly as he has recently done. 1 wish he had
heard the whole of my leinaiks. If he had, I
think he would have found that there was little
necessity for the warmth which he displays upon
this occasion. For while I was combating the
position of my colleague, yet I was careful to do
him all the justice to which I knew he was enti-
tled. I expressly absolved him from all intention
to place me in an unfair and unjust position before
this House. I was following the argument ot my
colleague, and combating it.
Mr. BOCOCK. When I came into this House
this morning, from which I have been detained
by indisposition for several days past, I did not
know what had been the style and character of
that part of my colleague's remarks which had
been made before I came in. I thought that the
latter part, the part which I did hear, was a little
unfair, and calculated to do me injustice. From
what he has now stated, I am free to say, that it
I had known the real character ot the remarks
which my colleague had made, I should not have
said anything on the occasion, or else I should
have pitched my remarks upon a different key. 1
am glad, however, that I have not said anything
j calculated or designed to injure or wound my
! friend, for there are few men in this House whom
i I can so designate with as much propriety as my
I colleague. 1 take this occasion to say that I had
i no idea, and did not intend to convey the idea, m
! the remarks which I made upon this subject upon
! a former occasion, that my colleague did actually
1 design to reestablish these antiquated usages,
though I thought that it would be the effect of his
bill to do so. I had no idea ihat he designed it;
but he had argued against the Senate bill a bill
which met the approval of the Committee on Xaval
Affairs—by adverting to the remote and possible
abuses to which it might lead. 1 thought it was
a fair argument to show the'possible consequences
which might result from his bill. 1 only did it as
an offset to the remarks which he had made.
Mr. MILLSON. My purpose is to show, that
bv no'forced construction of language could any
such design, or any such effect, be imputed to my
amendment. .
But fust, I must resume the thread of my dis-
course, at the point where my colleague inter-
rupted me, and that is in reference to what he sup-
poses the unfair presentation of his argument !
take him now upon his own explanation, lie
savs that when he declared there must be some
authority vested in the captain, he was comment-
in <r upon the idea presented in my substitute, of
taking the power from the hands of the captain,
and giving it to a summary court-martial. i Hat
is what my colleague now says he intended to
express. Well, sir, I knew that very well; and ,
it was precisely that inconsistency wmch I was,
about to show to the House ; for while, m the ^
first part of his argument, he maintained that
mv bill did not take these powers from the hands
of the captain, but that the very effect of it would ;
be to reenact and reestablish these cruel pu lsh" j
ments, and authorize the commanding ofticei to ,
inflict them, he afterwards argued, as if he:sup- j
J posed no such effect would be produced, and that i
the passage of my substitute would take too much
power from the commanding officer ; for he in-
sisted that it was " absolutely necessary that there
should be some authority vested in the hands of
the captain," and complained of the attempt to
transfer it to a summary court. Weil, sir, if my
substitute does take so much power from the hands
of the captain, and vest it in a summary court-mar-
tial, as he said the other day, and as he now say®
again, how can it be that it increases his authority
by recognizing his right to inflict all those old
punishments ?
My colleague says that he does not refer to the
substitute, but to the remarks I made in support
of the substitute. I refer my colleague to the
printed report of my remarks, and he will find that
1 expressly stated, that I did not design so take
any power from the hands of the captain, but to
leave him to the exercise of that authority which
he now has by law.
But I pass from the consideration of this part of
the subject altogether, which has already employed
me a much longer time than I intended.
I will say a word or two in reference to that part
of the bill to which my colleague objects, and that
is the part establishing a summary court-martial.
One of his objections to this is, that he does not
wish to encourage disputes between the captain
and his sailors, and he says the captain must not
squabble on every little petty affair before his in-
ferior officers. My colleague has, perhaps, never
attended a naval court-martial. My locality has
given me an advantage over him in this respect. 1
havebeen afrequentattendant at naval courts-mar-
tial. It has been my fortune, from time to time,
to appear before such courts, as counsel for officers
of every gradeand rank, from captain down to mid-
shipman. 1 am somewhat familiar with their pro-
ceedings, and if my colleague supposes that there
ever has been, or ever can be, under the existing
organization of thesecourts, any squabble between
the captain and the sailors, or anybody else, he en-
tertains erroneous notions of these tribunals. Does
he suppose that the captain is to be the prosecu-
tor? The captain is vested, by this bill, with the
power of pardon. My colleague need not appre-
hend, then, any squabbling over little afl'aiis be-
tween the captain and the sailors. Indeed, he will
find that the substitute which I have otic-red does
not provide for the establishment of a court-mar-
tial to determine little affairs at all. It expressly
declares that no case shall be brought before the
summary court-martial, except such as require
greater punishment than the captain is now author-
ized to inflict of his own authority. He says,
too.it may sometimes happen that you cannotget
a sufficient number of commissioned officeis to
form a court-maitial. Certainly it may. In rare
cases it may so happen; but what then> The sub-
stitute provides a tribunal for the ascertainment of
crimes, and the punishment of offenses which could
be promptly organized m a vast majority of cases;
and if it should not apply to all, it leaves them
exactly where they now are. I have known in-
stances where sailors havebeen brought into port,
charged with serious offenses, and in consequence
of their term of service having expired before they
arrived ill the United Stales, wheie only the Sec-
retary of the Navy could convene acourt-martial,
they were obliged to be discharged without any
trial or punishment at all.
Now, sir, the summary courts-martial will en-
able the commanding officer to try all offenses
which are not of so heinous a character as imper-
atively to demand a trial by a court of higher ju-
risdiction; but I do not deem it necessary to am-
plify this part of the case, for my friend from
New Jersey, [Mr. Price,] m his remarks on yes-
terday, has expressed himself so clearly, and
urged such forcible replies to the objections stated
to that part of the bill, that it would be a work of
supererogation to add anything to what he has so
ably said.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 askthegen-
tleman to allow me a few moments.
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly; but before I yield
to the gentleman, I wish to make another obser-
vation. The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stan ion,] the other day, thought it necessary to
advert to my remark m reference to the action of
the Senate upon this bill, and seemed to suppose
that I had urged a grave charge against that body,
and declared that they had acted upon this bill
without due consideration. Now, sir, I am very
