1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21.
unwilling to be supposed unmindful of those !
courtesies which are due from the members of this \
House to the other branch of Congress. I assure '
the gentleman that I designed no disparagement to
the Senate, nor should 1 have alluded to their ac-
tion upon this bill at all, but that the gentleman
himself had previously referred to it, saying that
the bill had borne the "light there, and would bear
the light here. I only meant to say that that bill
seemed to have met with but little consideration in
the Senate. It excited little interest; very little
attention seemed to havebeengiven to the subject,
and the yeas and nays were not even called. What
1 said was, that I strongly suspected the Senate
may have supposed they were voting upon the
bill m its original form, rather than that in which
it was presented by the amendments offered from
the committee. I have thought it proper to say
thus much, because I am not willing to be consid-
ered unmindful of the proprieties which should be
observed towards the other branch of Congress.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. "With the gen-
tleman's permission, I desire to make a few re-
marks, in reply to some that fell from the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Price] yesterday. {
shall detain the House but a very few moments,
and then, by the arrangement made with the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] the previous
question will be called.
Now, one of the objections made to this bill by
the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Price] was,
that it did not go to the whole extent of the mis-
chief to be remedied, and that it was not a total
revision of the naval code. The gentleman ad-
mits, and everybody must admit, that such a
revision of the naval code would be a work of
very great importance; and the Naval Committee
upon former occasions, and during this session,
have thought that the proper mode of reorganizing
the Navy would be to apply to the head of the
Navy, Now,the jrentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Prick] seems to think that course objectionable,
because, he says, the Secretary of the Navy con-
sults nobody but the old officers around him. But
I wish to say to that gentleman, and to the House,
that this very provision was suggested to me, and
adopted upon the recommendation of one of the lieu-
tenants of the Navy, whose authority, i am sure,
would be as great and as commanding as that of
any other officer in that corps, or all of them com-
bined. I will further say, that I never introduced
a bill into this House, bearing essentially upon the
interests of the Navy, without consulting officers
of all grades; and I do not think the gentleman
from New Jersey is doing exact justice to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, to the Admmistiation, or to
any person who may, at any time, occupy those
high positions, in the supposition that in providing
lor (he government of the Navy they Will tike the
advice of a single corps of o/Kcers, high or low.
The true difficulty m this case, and the only point
of difference betweni the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Prick] and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mili.sov] and the Naval Commute is,
whether the punishment of the sailoi for these in-
ferior offenses should be inflicted by the command-
ing officer or by a court-martial.
I have said, sir, and I adhere to the declaration,
for I believe the truth of it firmly, that such a
court-martial, upon the deck of o ship at sea,
would be a mere mockery of justice. Those stiff
and formal rules of pioceedins;, to which the gen-
tleman refers, as being peculiar to courts-martial,
would be impossible: or, if they would he possi-
ble, upon the deck of a ship they would be noth- !
mg more than a mere farce. The proceedings 1
would b* conducted in writing, with all the for-'
malities of a regular court-martial; and I must be
allowed to say, sir, that if there be anything which
needs reform m our Navy, the \ery thn.g of all
others which needs n the most is this proceeding '
by court-martial; for you frequently see proceed-
ings of this kind conducted at very great expense, '
day afterday, ami month after month, and upon a
cause which would be tried as well, and justice ad-
ministered perhaps better,in any circuit court in the
country, in the course of two or three davs. And
this, sir, is the system of proceeding these gentle-
men propose to substitute f<>r the effective mode of
punishment recently veper.led by Con^re^s. Now,
sn% the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Price]
does not object to the cruelty of these pnmsh-'
merits, but on the contrary, lie says that the pun- '
ishments which I propose, in my substitute, nre
not sufficient. They are not sufficiently severe,
he says; but the difficulty is, that the severe pun-
ishment which he proposes, shall be inflicted m a
court-martial, composed of three officers, upon the
quarter-deck of a ship. Now, I hold in my hand
a paper, the National Democrat, published in New
York, which finds fault with the bill presented by
the Naval Committee, as passed by the Senate,
representing the punishments contained in it as
very cruel—very cruel, indeed. It says:
We have always acknowledged the necessity of strict
discipline m the Navy. It is a seivice that from its nature
does not adnut ot tne punciples oi republicanism.
" You c<mnot have ajinv on board of a ship. Yon can-
not have a ippubhc in the military >ervice ot the eouuti\ .
upon shore or on ?ca.
v" The commandcr, of necessity, is an autociat, and the
otticeis aio Ins nobles; but, surely, in this free HepubJie, and
in tlu-5 enlightened aqe, some lules of discipline might have
been fiamud and appinved of that would not lia\ e subjected
the -lo-called Iree Ameacan seaman to punishments that a
savage would die rather than submit to."
Well, now, this paper thinks that the savage
would die rather than submit to the punishment,
the power to inflict which this gentleman proposed
should be conferred upon the commanding officer.
Mr. PRICE. Do me the justice to say that I
did prefer that no action should be had before this
House upon eitherofthese bills; and that an entire
revision should be made, and more humane pun-
ishments should be provided in that revision. And
I further distinctly said, that if one of these bills
should pass this House, I should prefer the author-
ity to inflict punishment to be given to the sum-
mary court-martial.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The highest
and severest punishment proposed by the original
bill was thirty days in irons, on bread and water,
with the loss of three months5 pay. This was the
very severest punishment. Now, by my substi-
tute, I propose to reduce that punishment to ten
days on biead and water, or ten days in nons,
with the loss of but one month's pay; hut that
the captain shall not be allowed to mlhct but one
of thes>e punishments for any single offense. If
punishment is to be effective at all, it seems to me
that these punishments cannot be considered too
severe. This, sir, is all I have to say. The
question is between courts-martial upon board a
ship, and giving to the commanding officer author-
ity to inihet the punishments necessary to main-
tain the discipline of the ship. 1 will further say,
sir, it is suggested by the gentleman from -Virginia,
[Mr. Million,] that this provision for the estab-
lishing of courts-martial on boaid a ship was
stricken out of the bill at the suggestion of Com-
modore Stockton, chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee in the Senate, who is as humane a man, and
uttering as humane sentiments as any that have
fallen from the gentleman from Virginia, or the
gentleman from New Jersey, or any one else.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman will also state
that he has since understood that Commodore
Stockton changed his views in this regard.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. T have not so
understood it.
Mr. PRICE. And I further state m all my
views expressed yesterday, that I was looking
forward to the ameliorating of the punishments
that ore now known m the Navy, and substituting
bounties for good conduct and good discipline,
intend of those punishments.
Mr. M 1LLS0N. I am very happy to hear the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Price] say that
Commodore Stockton has changed his views upon
that subject. Put, sir, with all deference to the
high authority of Commodore Stockton, I should
not have chanced my oiiirinal news had ihere
been no alteration in his; foi, sir, notwithstanding
that the two gentlemen from the Naval Committee
distrust the efficacy of the summary eonrt-martia),
I cannot forger that this very sy.xiem of summary
courts-martin! as recommended by the board of
naval officers convened in the city of Washington,
of whom i need only mention the names of "such
men as ?v!orns and Shubriok. I am glad, how-
ever, to hear that Commodore Stockton now con-
curs with tliem. I will state, moreover, that this
sy.-,tem is favored by a large number of other offi-
cers ot rhe Navy; and since the original discus-
sion of t!ms question, I have received letters from
several of them, favoring the establishment of this
very system of summary com ts-martial. I do
not see the difficulty presented by the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr.Stanton] and my colleague
from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] neither of whom,
1 imagine, ever attended a naval court-martial in
their lives. A word as to the substitute presented
by the gentleman from Tennessee. The House
will perceive how vast the falling off from the
original bill. The Naval Committee, after recom-
mending the passage of the Senate bill, now come
forward and propose to vest in the commanding
officer only about one thirtieth part of the power
which they first proposed. The bill gave him the
power to inflict ten punishments, and this amend-
ment only gives him the power to inflict one; and
they take off two thirds of the severity of these
separate punishments by restricting the punish-
ment of confinement to ten days instead of thirty;
so that one third of one tenth makes only one
thirtieth of the original severity-. Sir, this is cer-
tainly a very complimentary tribute to the judg-
ment of this House, in rejecting this bill.
One more remark, and I have done. I must
express my dissent from the views of the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Price] upon one
point, which is, that we should stay all action upon
this subject until we can revise the whole naval
code. I doubt very much whether there ever will
be such a revisal—at least, in our time; and I see
no propriety in postponing action upon a subject
which demands immediate attention, because there
may be necessity for revising other parts of the
system also. In compliance with the prom-
ise I made the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Fitch,]——
Mr. PRICE. I want, with the permission of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] to
address one word of reply to the remark of the
honorable chairman of the Naval Committee, [Mr.
Stanton*,] made a few moments ago. It seems
that he wished to impress upon the House that 1
advocated the cruel and barbarous punishments
provided for in this bill.
Mr. STANTON. I do not think they are
cruel.
Mr. PRICE. I think that they are. I am
taking ground against both of the bills. Let the
system of punishments continue as it now exists,
in preference to passing the bill or amendments as
they are now presented, until a new system can
be devised and presented, more fully embracing
the principle of rewards—giving bounties, in-
creased pay, andgood treatment for good conduct.
This is my wish, and I believe my remarks made
yesterday will sustain this view.
Mr. MILLSON. In compliance with my pro-
mise to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,]
I call for the previous question.
Mr. BOCOCK. I withdraw the motion sub-
mitted by me to recommit the bill. I moved it for
the purpose of keeping this business before the
House.
The call for the previous question was then
seconded, and the mam question ordered to be
put.
Mr. LOCKHART. I move that the bill do lie
upon the table.
| The question was taken and disagreed to.
It The question recurred upon the adoption of the
I! amendment of Mr. Stanton of Tennessee, to the
jl substitute of Mr. Millson, for the original bill,
jj The amendment of Mr. Stanton was read by
| the Clerk,
i; Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
'; the amendment which has just been read is offered
by the Committee on Naval Affairs, m lieu of the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Million.]
! i The SPEAKER. It was submitted by the
, gentleman from Tennessee as an amendment to
, the amendment.
Mr. JONES. The deference between them is,
, that one (the amendment to the substitute) extends
, power to a court-martial, and the other (that of
Mr. Millson) to the commanding officer. The
, amendment of my colleague [Mr. Stanton] pro-
■ vides an asylum for the sailor who has served
twenty years, and who 1ms continuously received
. good-conduct discharges.
■ ' Mr. CxOODENOW demanded the yeas and
nays on the question ; which were not ordered.
Mr. TUCK demanded tellers; which were or*
dered; and Messrs. Stanton, of Tennessee, and
Venable, were appointed.
jj The question was then taken upon Mr. Stak-
ii ton's substitute, and the tellers reported—ayes 50,
:i noes 52; no quorum.
