240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBIS.
Jan 9.
Mr. STEPHENS. It is always in order after
one hour. We have exhausted the private calen-
d&Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. It is not
'"t^SPEAKER. It is not in order if'objected
l°Mr. FOWLER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw my
objection to the motion of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.]
Mr. FOWLER. I withdraw my motion to
adjourn. .
UTAH TERRITORY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, then
laid before the House the following communication
from the President of the United States, viz:
To the House of Representatives:
In an&wer to the resolution ot the House of Representa-
lives of the 15th ultimo, requesting information in regard to
the Territory of Utah, 1 transmit a leport trom the Secre-
tary of State, to whom the 'cs^°^r^n^0KB.
Washington, January 9, 1852.
[For which documents see Appendix.]
Mr. POLK. On account of the voluminous
character of the documents accompanying the
communication from the Executive, I move that
their reading be dispensed with, and that they be
^MrfklNG, of New York. Let us have it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman will allow (
me, I will move to amend that motion. 1
Mr. BERNHISEL. I move 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Utah  .
Mr. POLK. I have not yielded the floor. If
the gentleman wishes to propound a question I
will yield.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My question is simply to
request the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Polk]
so to modify his motion that, in addition to the
motion to print, there may be one of reference to
the Committee on Territories, who have called for
this information.
Mr. FOLK. I move that the communication ,
from the President of the United States be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Territories. I
consider it a matter of great importance. We have
had rumors from that country, and the National
Legislature should take some charge of them if
they are true.
Mr. BERNHISEL. I move that the commu-
nication of the President of the United States, and
accompanying report, be read and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary—as it involves some
grave legal questions—and that it be printed.
Mr. Speaker, before the reception and reference
of the report addressed to the President of the
United States by the three disappointed and re-
turning officers of the United States for the Terri-
tory of Utah, containing, as I am informed and
believe it does, grave and grossly-exaggerated, not
to say false and perverted statements, impugning
the conduct and character not only of the Gover-
nor, but the whole people of a new and distant
Territory whom I have the honor, as a Delegate
on this floor, to represent." From my own knowl-
edge in part, and from others, 1 know and am in-
formed, and venture to assert, that if time and
opportunity should be given for that purpose, the
committee to whom the reference shall be made
will be furnished with ample evidence of the grossly
exaggerated, shamefully perverted,and apparently
misrepresented facts, statements, and detailed oc-
currences contained in the report. Unable to com-
municate at this season of the year with the Gov-
ernor and people of that distant and dependent
Territory, loyal as I know them to be to the Gov-
ernment and Constitution of the United States,
assailed and aspersed as they are in that report in
their official, moral, and religious character, and
charged with crimes and misdemeanors of such
enormity and character as to challenge credulity
and stagger belief 
Mr. HEBAB.D. I rise to a question of order.
It is whether it is proper to refer to the sentiments
of that report when it has not been read, and we
know nothing about it?
The SPEAKER. It is in order upon a motion
to print to refer to the body of the report.
Mr. BERNHISEL. I ask for the reading of
the report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can perhaps
facilitate his object by taking the question on the
motion that the communication be read.
Cries—" Mr. - Speaker!" "Mr. Speaker! all
over the House. " Tr. i.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Utah
has the floor if discussion arises. run
Mr. BERNHISEL. At an early day I shall
ask for a commission to be appointed by the
Speaker of this House, or by the President of the
United States, to proceed to the Territory of Utah,
under authority and with instructions to take tes-
timony to be laid before Congress and the com-
mittee touching the matters contained in the report
referred to; and in the mean time I bespeak a sus-
pension not omy of Executive action based on this
report, but of the opinion of the members ot this
House and the people of this country m relation
to the Governor and people of Utah, and the
libelous report preferred against them, and on tile
in the Department of State. After the reference,
I shall ask leave to offer a resolution, that the
committee to whom it is referred shall have power
to send for persons and papers, and to send a com-
mission to Utah to take testimony to be laid before
Congress in this case. '
I renew my motion that the communication be
read, referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed. _ .
Mr. POLK. I desire to inquire of the Chair it
the motion I made is not first in order?
The SPEAKER. It is so considered by the
Chair. . ,
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say a word or
two before this question is submitted to the House. ,
I will simply remark, that this is a communication j
derived from the Executive through the action of ;
the Committee on Territories. A resolution was j
introduced by the gentleman from North Carolina, ;
[Mr. Clingman,] under instructions from that j
committee, of which I have the honor to be a j
member, and which was adopted at a formei oay. |
This communication is a response to it, and 1 ;
know of no reason why it should be reterred to >
any other committee. 1
Mr. BERNHISEL. I do hope the House will ■
refer this question to the Committee on the Judi- j
ciary, as it involves grave legal questions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have individually no
preference in relation to this matter, but I feel it,
to be my duty, as I do not see the chairman of
our committee—the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richaruson]—in his seat, to say that he regaided
it as a part of the duties of the committee, and the
whole committee were of the opinion that we
should have this information. It is the duty of,
our committee to recommend appropriations for,
and also what laws are necessary to be passed for i
the good government of the Territories. It will be I
found, therefore, that the resolution which the 1
committee instructed me to offer is very compre-
hensive. It calls for all information in relation to
the present condition of that 1 erritory, to enable us
to determine whether the existing laws are suffi-
cient for its good government—to protect our citi-
zens there; also to ascertain what has become of
the public money heretofore appropriated, and
whether these charges of misapplication are true,
and various other matters I do not now propose
to go into. It cannot act until it has this informa-
tion. For one, sir, with the impressions upon
my nnnd, I will not be disposed to recommend
any appropriation for that Territory to this House,
nor will I vote for any appropriation to the Terri-
tory of Utah until I ascertain what truth there is
in these allegations. It was therefore that the
committee made the call-.and in the absence of the
chairman, who understands the question better
than I do, perhaps better than any member of the
committee, I thought, it courteous and proper that
the information called for by the committee should
go to them. Individually I would prefer that the
Judiciary Committee should take charge of the (
matter. It would relieve us from the labor of \
the investigation. I make this statement in behalf j
of the chairman of the Committee on Territories, !
who is absent. I now call for the previous ques- j
tion. , !
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman from ;
North Carolina withdraw his motion for a mo- j
menc? I will renew it. '
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection. :
Mr. GIDDINGS. There is much force in the j
argument of the gentleman front North Carolina, i
I am also a member of the committee to which he
belongs, and I have not, nor lias that gentleman
any personal desire to take jurisdiction of this
matter. These people are a distant people. They
are represented upon this floor by a representative
who is certainly a young member here, and who
desires these charges should go to the Committee
on the Judiciary. I, as a member of the Commit-
tee on the Territories, am perfectly willing and
desirous they should go to that committee. 1 flo
not know but it is certainly as proper as that it
should go to the Committee on the Territories. It
is for an infraction of the laws. The people of the
Territory are charged with violating the laws ot
the United States, and it appears to me these ques-
tions are appropriate ones for the Committee on
the Judiciary. I have thus spoken solely because
the gentleman from Utah [Mr. Bernhisel] is a
young member here. He feels anxious these
charges should go before that committee, and to
gratify him and that distant people, I hope it will
go to the Committee on the Judiciary. I will now
move the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to say a word.
The call for the previous question was with-
'mt. C. I have no preferences in the matter.
1 do not care what the House does. If it judges
this to be more appropriate for the Judiciary Com-
mittee let it go there; but our committee took a
different view of it. The chairman is not here.
I regard it as falling properly within the duties ot
that committee. I am not aware of any reason
why that committee would not just be as likely to
do justice to the gentleman, whom I never saw or
heard of until he became a member of this House.
I presume no member of the committee has any
prejudice against Utah. I have none upon the
subject; but if there was, I do not see why that
should change our action here I doubt whether
they knew these charges would be preferred at the
time that gentleman left home. He may bare
some reason for referring it to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, but he 1ms not assigned any. If the House
think it proper, let it go there. I renew now the
call for the previous question, because 1 regard
debate as unnecessary.
Mr. LOCKHART. I ask for the reading of
the 95th rule.
The rule was read by the Clerk, as follows:
•' It shall be the duty of the Committee on the Territories
to examine into the legislative, civil, and criminal pio-
eeedin"s of the. Terntoucs, and to devise andfepoit to the
House such means as, in their opinion, may be necessary
to secure the. rights and privileges of residents and noil-
residents."
Mr. CLINGMAN withdraw the call for the
previous question at the request of 
Mr. McLANAHAN, who said the question
whether this matter be submitted to one or the
other of these committees is one of serious import-
ance. It seems to me the reading of that rule
ought to be sufficient to convince the House that
the proper reference of the question is to the Com-
mittee on Territories. As a matter of courtesy,
the disposition of some members of that commit-
tee seems to be to refer it to the Committee on the
Judiciary. It is a question that originates under
the organic law of that Territory, and it is the pe-
culiar duty of the Committee on Territories to see
that the organic law, coming through their hands
in its original form, should be fully, fairly, and
honestly carried out. Doubtless, sir, questions
of constitutional law may arise; but it is not to be
presumed, because such questions are involved m
this case, that therefore no other committee of the
House is capable of attending to them except the
Committee on the Judiciary. If the House think
proper to impose the duties upon that committee,
I trust we will discharge them with fidelity; but,
under the rules of the House, as well as consid-
ering the committee from which this investigation
has originated—the committee who had the reso-
lution passed, and to whose inquiry this is a re-
sponse, I think, as a matter of courtesy as well as
of parliamentary duty, it belongs to the Commit-
tee on Territories. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary do not claim it as a right; they cannot
claim it as a right, whether arising out of courtesy
or under the rules of the House; but for the rea-
sons I have suggested, I think the House would act
with great propriety in referring it to the committee
in which the resolution of inquiry originated.
Mr. BERNHISEL. 1 will withdraw my mo-
tion to refer it to the Committee on the Judiciary.
