242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I believe I did
not say that. You misunderstood me.
Mr. BAYLY. Then what was it that you
said ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not say that they had
not printed them at all. I said that if they had
printed them, they had chosen to send us the
manuscript only.
Mr. BAYLY. That does not alter the case at
all. The only copy of these laws which we have
is in manuscript. Now evft-y member of the
House has a right to see those laws, because every
member has a right to move to disapprove of
them} and there is but one copy of them in the
city. Can there be a better reason assigned for
printing them ? Suppose the copy of those laws
is referred to the Committee on Territories; there
are nine members of the committee, and each one
of them is to read these laws in the manuscript.
Why, it would take nearly the whole session for
the members of the committee, with their other
engagements, to read them—to say nothing about
the members of this House. I want to see these
laws, and they ought to be printed.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] tells
me that these laws are nothing but a transcript of
the Kearny code. I do not know anything
about that.
Mr. FOWLER. You want to see that code, I
suppose ?
Mr. BAYLY. Yes, I want to see that code,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts suggests;
and I undertake to say here, in respect to the
legislation of this Territory of Utah, that if the
American Congress does not keep its eves open,
and does not look to what they are doing there,
we shall one of these days have an extent of trou-
ble with that people that nobody here now dreams
of. Let any one read the history of that people.
Mr. MEADE. Will my colleague allow me
to say one single word, as an additional reason
for the printing of these laws?
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly. I yield the floor to
my colleague.
Mr. MEADE. I will inform my colleague
and the FTouse, that I understand that code to
have been written by a private soldier in the Army
of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSOJSf, of Arkansas. Well, what
then ?
Mr. MEADE. X want the code printed, be-
cause I understand that it reflects great credit
upon the private soldier who drew it up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It has been print-
ed, and is now amongst the public documents.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should be
glad to ask the gentleman from Virginia, whether
that soldier had anything more to do with the code
than the copying of it? Whether he really drew
it up, and whether he enacted it? Because if he
did, it would certainly add much to the credit he
may deserve.
Mr. MEADE. I will explain to the gentleman
from Aikansas, that I understand the code was
made at the tune that the Territory was without
laws, and in the occupancy of General Kearny.
One of his privates called upon by him to
write a code of laws, and he not only wrote it, but
drew it up. And that private is now a member
of this House.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] yield me the floor for a
moment?
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Permit me to
move an adjournment.
Mr. BAYLY. Oh no, let me finish what I
have got to say.
Mr. JOHNSON". Does the gentleman yield
the floor?
Mr. BAYLY. Reluctantly, I do.
Mr. JOHNSON. It has been ascertained that i
these laws were copied—and I say it with no dis- :
respect to those who copied them—from an odd
volume of the old laws of the Territory or State '
of Missouri. Now we are asked to reprint for !
the benefit and use of this House, all those'old !
things that are to be found in print everywhere >
Mr. BAYLY. The opposition to the printing j
of these laws only creates an additional necessity ■
for doing it, because gentlemen—and certainly I
gentlemen such as my friend from Arkansas-- !
never make useless opposition to anything-. I !
want to see these laws, and it is proper thaUhey |
should be printed. But, to resume what I was i
saying with respect to this Territory of Utah.
Unless this Congress keeps its eyes open with re-
spect to the movements of that people, we are
going to have an amount of trouble with them that
nobody now conceives of.
Mr. HALL. You are not in order in referr-
ing to that subject now.
Mr. BAYLY. If gentlemen will not interrupt
me, I shall soon finish what I have to say. It is
very rarely that I have ever been found out of
ordet in this House, since I have been here.
I wi^fcot, however, pursue the remarks which
I intenHa to make in reference to the Utah Ter-
ritory, because I find the hour is so late that gen-
tlemen are indisposed to hear debate of any kind.
[Ljpud cries of " Go on!"]
Mr. BAYLY. I do not wish to pursue that topic
now. But I say, it is false economy, it is a grand
mistake to undertake to save money by refusing
to print matter in which this House ought to feel
an interest, and, if it does not, in which the coun-
try feels a deep interest.'
I want to see the laws that have been passed in
New Mexico and Utah. I want to understand
what is going on in those Territories. Theie has
enough transpired already, in one of them, to
awaken the vigilance of the American people. As
I have already said, the House has a veto upon
their legislation; and to enable us to act under-
standingly, we ought to have their laws before us.
I care not whether they are written by a private
in the Army,or by a general, or by anybody else.
I want to see them,and I want to see them all the
more, if they were written by a military man, for
I have no confidence in military legislation—none
whatever*
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will occupy the floor but a moment.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stuart] will allow me, I desire to
say in reply to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] that 1 now hold in my hand the docu-
ment which is proposed to be printed. The gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] who was in
his seat a minute ago, told me that, with the ex-
ception of some half a dozen pages, the whole of
this voluminous document is now in print, and
that, as the Kearny code, it was nearly all copied
from the laws of Missouri, and those half dozen
pages contain little else but blank paper. So this
very slight portion of it is all that remains un-
printed. Yet the whole document is to be re-
printed, and for what purpose? Now, 1 ask my
friend from Virginia—for I will use that word, so
often very improperly used in this House—if he
ever in his life read a copy of the laws of any one
Territory when they were printed? If these laws
ware printed, I do not believe they will be read
by a single member. The Committee on Territo-
ries, whose business it is to examine into these
matters, will of course do it. Now, I desire to
ask the gentleman from Virginia if he ever in his
life read one single copy of the laws of any Terri-
tory, when presented in this manner for our con-
sideration? I hope the gentleman will give me a
categorical answer.
Mr. BAYLY. I will answer the gentleman.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes or no ?
Mr. BAYLY. I do not choose that the gentle-
man shall dictate to me my answer; I prefer to
give it in my own way.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will not insist uoon the
gentleman's answering it categorically.
Mr. STUART. I think I can dispose of this
question, if gentlemen will allow me, so that nei-
ther of thfm will have any right to complain.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well; 1 will not keep my
friend from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] standing
much longer. [Laughter.] I will allow him to i
have his way. ;
Mr. BAYLY. Will the gentleman allow me
for one moment?
Mr. STUART. Will the gentleman allow me
first to make my suggestion?
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly.
Mr. STUART. I would suggest that if this
House adjourn pending this motion, the paper
will still be printed. I understand the Speaker
may control this matter to some extent, and he
may order it to be printed or not. I assure the
House that the Committee on the Territories will
not proceed rashly in this matter, the chairman j
being absent. I hope the House will now adjourn, j
Mr. BAYLY. I undertake to say that, if the I
House adjourn with this motion to reconsider
the motion to print still pending, no printing will
be done until that motion is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark that
he shall feel himself called upon to order a sus-
pension of printing until this motion is disposed
of.
Mr. STUART. Under the assurance of the
Chair, I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
The House adjourned till Monday next.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
BvMr. MILLER, lb) Mi. Darby : A petition of the Ohio
and Mississippi Railroad Company, asking for right of way
and giant of land*.
Al^so, the petition of John C. Kuhn, for compensation for
services in the Mexican war.
Also, the petition of George K. McGunnegle, surviving
partner of Hill & McCunnegle, for compensation for sub-
sistence furnished m the Black Hawk war.
Also, the petition of Gu^tavus Peterson, for pension for
services in the Black Hawk war.
Also, the petition for compensation for services in the
Mexican war.
Also, the petition of Robert Forsv th, asking a confirmation
of title to a tract of land in St. Louis county, Missouri.
Also, the petition of James W. Kmgsberry, for comfirm-
ation of a Spanish grant of land to him as legal represent-
ative of John Pierre Cabuum.
Also, the memorial of the St. Louis Chamber of Com-
merce, for the improvement of the Ohio river opposite
Louisville, Kentucky.
Also, the petition of Hall Hutson, praying for a pension.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of many merchants
and other citizens of Philadelphia, asking that one or more
vessels be detailed by the Government for a reconnoissance
of such ports of the'Chma seas, the Straits of Gaspar, and
the Java sea, as lie directly in the various tracks ot vessels
proceeding to and from China.
Also, the memorial of J. It. Worehcver, D. Lewis, and
numerous other citizens of Philadelphia connected with
commerce, asking Congress to make appropriation for con-
structing piers and harbors in the river Delaware.
A ho, the memorial of numerous citizens of Philadelphia,
asking for a repayment of duties paid by petitioner upon
imported merchandise destroyed by a great fire in New
Yoik.
Mr. CHANDLER asked permission to withdraw from
the files of the IJonse the memoiial and accompanying pa-
pers of Amelia and Louisa Dumas, to be referred to the
proper committee.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee : The following peti-
tions and menjonals: Of Nathan H. Wells, application {or
arrearages of pension; of Lewis Robeits; additional proof
of Charles and Valentine Sevier, applicants for a pension ;
and the application of Brooksy Bell, for arrearages of pen-
sion.
Also, the petitions and memorials of the following person?,
which have been heretofore referred to the appropriate com-
mittees: William K. Blair, John Conkhn,Henrv Click,Cha's
C. Caigill, Washington Dcahain, John English, Law&on
Goodwin, Valentine Sevier, Cornelius Hughes, Elizabeth
Huntsman, John Kerhaugh, widow of Edward Moodv, Jon-
athan Naif. James M. Rhea, Lewis Roberts, David Troxall,
Robert Trevitt, Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, James
Wnght, Jr , N. II. Wells, Nathaniel H. Wills, Howson
Kenner, William Mann, John Naff and VV. W. Rockh ld,
Thomas Wlnnnev.
By Mr. FITCH : The petition of Hartley T, Howard and
556 other citizens of Indiana and Illinois, asking a donation
of public land to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Lafayette, Indiana, to intersect the Illinois Central Rail-
road.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Benjamin F. Wins-
low and six other citizens of Fall River, Massachusetts,
praying that a law may be passed prohibiting the importa-
tion of intoxicating liquors from foreign countries.
By Mr. SEYMOC.lt, of New York : The petition and
papers of R. M. Bouton.
i?y Mr. BRAGG : The memorial of citizens of South Al-
abama. praying for a resnrvey of the public lands m the dis-
trict of St. Stephen's, Alabama.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The memorial of Wil-
liam F. Walker, of Mississippi, praying to be released from
a judgment m favor of the United States.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia, asked and obtained leave
to withdraw the papers m the ea^e of Diusilla Bukey, and
that the same should be reiki red to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 10, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
PETITIONS.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of citizens of
Alton, New Hampshire, praying the adoption of
measures for the amicable adjustment of inter-
, national controversies; which was referred to the
| Committee on Foreign Relations.
[ Mr. BUTLER presented the memorial of the
j Chairman of the Board of Port Wardens of the
! port of Charleston: the memorial of the President
i and Secretary of the Charleston Marine Society;
j and the memorial of the President and Secretary of
1 the Charleston Chamber of Commerce, praying {hut
