1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Seventh: Deprivation of liberty to visit the shore.
Eighth * Loss of pay, not to excecd three months.
Sec. 5. be it further enacted, Thatno&uch sentence
(.hall be carried into execution without the approval of the I
officer oideiing the court, who shall have the power to remit
in part, or altogether, but not to commute any such sen-
tences: And provided. That no sentence to solitary confine-
ment shall be directed to be earned into execution until the
suigeon, or senior medical officer on board at the time, has
examined the prisoner, and certified that it can be dune
withoutseriousinjury to his health : and it shall be the duty
of the commander to remit the whole or any part of any
sentence by a summary court-martial, the execution of
which would, in the opinion of the said surgeon or senior
medical officer, produce such injury.
Sec. 6. *&nd be it farther enacted, That the commander
of every ship or vessel in the Navy shall cause a conduct-
book to he kept, embracing every petty officer, and petbon
of inferior rating, under his command, in which shall he
noted every instance of meritorious or bad conductor each
man ; and whenever a man is di?-charged eitherator before
the expiration of his teim of service, he shall take care that
his general character be noted on his discharge, giving to
those who merit them, good-conduct discharges ; and to
those who deserve them, bad-conduct dif-chaiges; and to
those whose conduct shall merit no particular note, dis-
charges in the usual form : Provided, That the character to
be given on a discharge shall be ascertained and established
under such rules as shall be prescribed by the Navy Depart-
ment.
Sec. 7. ^nd be it further enacted, That any petty officer,
or person ot inferior rating, who shall be discharged with a
good-conduct dischaige. alter a service of not less than two
years, shall have a preference on reentering the service, and
in advance to higher ratings over persons of similar qualifi-
cations, but who hdve not served; and whenever a petty
officer, or person of inferior rating, shall be transfers ed from
one ship or station to another, his chaiacter shall be noted
on the descriptive list.
Sec. 8. J2nd be it further enacted, That every petty offi-
cer or person of infeuor rating who shall receive a good-
conduct dischaige, a continuous service of not less than
two years, shall, it lie reenters within three months after his
discharge, be entitled to a eiedit on the books of the ship
to winch he may be first ordered, of three months' wages
at his totmer rating.
See. 9. *dnd be it further enacted, That the proceedings
of summary courts-mattial shall be conducted under such
fonns and rules as may be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Navy, with the approval of the President of the United
States; and nil such proceeding--«-hall be transmitted, in the
usual mode, to the Navy Departmcntl
Sec. 10. Jind be it further enactcd, That any punish-
ment authorized by this act to be inflicted by a summary
court-maitial, may likewise be inflicted by any general
court-maitial: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall be deemed to abridge the powers of such general court-
martial, in respect to punishments now authorized to be ad-
judged, nor to take from any commanding officei the right to
order such punishments as by law lie may now inflict of his
own authority.
The question was then taken on the substitute
of Mr. Millson, and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 66, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Averett, Bowne, Briggs,
Albert G. Brown, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter, Caskie,
Chapman, Chastam,Clark, Conger, Curtis,Edgeiton, Fiek-
hn, Floyd, Fowler. Gaylord, Giddmgs, Gieen, Grow. Hall,
Idiam G. flairis, Sampson W. tlarrw, Hart, Hendncks,
Henn, Houston, IngeisOll, Ives, Jackson, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson. Geoige W. Jones, J.Glaney Jones,
Kuitfl, Letchor, Lockhart, Mace, Humphrey Marshall,
MeMullin, McQueen, Meacham, Millson, Miner, John
Moore, Morrhon, Murray, Orr, Andrew Parker, Samuel
W. Parker, Polk, Pi ice, Bobbin*, Itoss, Ougen y. Se> inour,
Skelton, Ueniainin Stanton, Stuart, Sweetser, George W.
Thompson, Tiiur&ton, Townshend, Walbrulge, Wallace,
and Watkins—6t>.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombip, Aiken, John Appleton,
William Appleton. David J. Bailev, Barrrre, Bartlett,
Boeock, Bowie, Bragg, Brenton, E. Camngton Cabell,
Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chngtii.m,
JohnG. Davis, Dean, Dimnnek, Dnckery, Doty, flagman,
Fitch, Florence, Freeman, Thomas J. 1>. Fnllei, Goodc-
now, Goiman, Grey, Hamilton, Haiper, Haw*, flebard,
Hibbaid, Iliilyei, Hor^'ord, Howard, John W. Husve, T.
M Howe, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, Geoige G.
King, Kulms, Landry, Mann, Maitin, Mason, MoCorklc,
MeXair. .Miller, Molony, Henry 1"). Moore,' Morehead,
Nabcrs, Nrwton, Outlaw, Pea^lt'e, Penmman, I'hdp*, Kau-
toul, lliddie, Schermerhorn, Schooleiaft, Scudder, Scuriy,
Smait, Stanlj, Frederick J*. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Stone, Strother, Sutherland, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson,
Tuck, Venable, Ward, Alexander White, and Yiites—79.
Bo the motion was disagreed to.
[A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by the hands
of his Private Secretary, Millard P. Fillmore.]
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I move to lay the
whole subject upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the vote just taken he reconsidered, and that that
motion dojie upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas mid nays
upon the motion to lay upon the table-, which were
ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in*the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 66; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Ashe, Averett,
Barret**, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Joseph Cable, Lewis
D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter. Caskie, Chap-
man, Chastian, Clark, Cobb, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dean,
Dnrimick, Doty, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Ficklin,
Fitch, Floyd, Fowler, Gaylord, Green, Grow, Hail, Ham-
ilton, Ishmau G. Harris, Hebaid, Hendricks, Hcnn, Hib-
bard, Houston, John W. Howe, Hunter, Irtgersoll, Ives,
Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, George w. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Letcher, Lockhart, Mace, Mann,
Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McCorkle, McDonald, Me-
Mullin, McNair, McQueen, Millson, Molony, John Moore,
Moirison, Munay, Nabers, Orr, Peaslee, Perkins, Phelps,
Price, Roblnns, Ross, Schoolcraft, Origen S. Seymoui,
Skelton,Smart, Benj. Stanton, Stuart,Sweetser.Thurston.
Townshend, Walbridge, Wallace, Addison White, and
Yates—85.
NAYS—Messr*. Abererouibie, William Appleton, David
J. Bailey, Bartlett, Boeock, Bowie, Bowne, Bragg, Briags,
E. Carnngton Cabell, Chandler, Clingman, Conger, Cott-
man, 1 ockcry, Evans, fcJwwg, Florence, Freeman, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Giey, Harper,
Sampson W. Ilarus., Ilart, Haws, Hillyer, Horsford, How-
ard, Thomas M. Howe, Jackson, James Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, Geoige G. King, Kuhns, Landry. Maitin,
Mcacham, Meade, Miner, Henry D. Moore, MoiPhead,
Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Paiker,Pen-
niman, Porter, Riddle, Schermerhorn, Scudder, Scuiry,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Suther-
land, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson,George W. Thompson,
Venable, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, and Alexander
White—66.
So the whole subject was laid upon the table.
Mr. STUART. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was hud upon the table; and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I now renew my mo-
tion that the rules of the House be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the CJnion.
Mr. ORR. With my friend's indulgence for a
moment, I will state that I desire to leave the
city to-morrow morning*. I have a few reports
which I would ask now to submit from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
[Cries of "Agreed!" " Agreed!"]
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I withdraw the mo-
tion.
FLORIDA, ATLANTIC AND GULF RAILROAD.
Mr. ORR, from the Committee on Public Lands,
to which was referred the memorial of the Board
of Internal improvements of the State of Florida,
made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill
giantmg the right of way and a portion of the pub-
lic lauds for making the Florida, Atlantic and Gulf
Central Railroad; which bill was read a first and
second time by its title, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
RESERVATIONS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. ORR also, from the same committee, to
which was referred the petition of R. W. John-
son, reported a bill to release fiorn reservation and
restore to the mass of public lands certain lands in
the State of Arkansas; which was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will thegentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] allow me to
say a word to the House? A great many years
ago, it will be recollected, bounty lands for the
purpose of rewarding services in the late war, were
set apart in the States of Arkansas, Illinois, and
Missouri; and in othe* States. Those bounty land
claims, at that day created, were to be then dis-
charged by the names being put into a wheel, and
drawn out, and the numbers that were drawn out
with them, gave title to certain parts of tracts in
specific regions of country. One of these military
bounty tracts was in Arkansas; another m Mis-
souri; another in Illinois: and another in Indiana.
Thus a large tract of country in Aikansas, and in
each of these other States, was reserved from public
sale, and for the express purpose, by a system of
lottery, of satisfying military warrants. The land
is kept now from going into the marketat all; it is
not all drawn out for bounties, by a vast deaf. In
nil the States but Arkansas, this reserved land has
been released from reservation, so it goes into the
Treasury of the United States, and is offered for
sale just as all other public lands. The object of
this resolution is to produce the same effect. At
present the United States cannot sell, and whole
counties cannot be settled. There can be no dif-
ference of opinion about it. There hi no favor
given to anybody by this resolution; it enables
the land to be entered and sold, by and for the
benefit of the United States, as other public lands
are. In other words, it restores this land to the
mass of public lands. I ask, therefore, my friend,
the gentleman who has reported the bill, that he
will express the opinion of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, who have examined the ease, and if
what I have stated is correct, I hope the House
will pass the bill. It gives nothing to Arkansas,
and it only restores this land to the mass of public
lands.
Mr. ORR. The facts stated by the gentleman
from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] have been ascer-
tained to be correct by the committee. I have no
objection to the passage of the bill. If there is
objection in the House, I shall feel constrained to
move its reference to the Committee of the Whol&
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon en-
grossing the bill, and ordering it to be read a third
time.
Mr. STANLY. I hope it will be read through.
The bill was then read by the Clerk.
Mr. STANLY. That bill, it seems, releases
to the State of Arkansas land which has been
hitherto set apart for a particular purpose. What
becomes of the claims outstanding?
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 will state that it releases
nothing to the State of Arkansas. It restores the
land to the mass of public lands, and those claims
which are unsatisfied bounty land claims, are put
where they ought to be. If I understand rightly,
they areputupon the samefooting with the bounty
land claims of the present day, so that the person
who has the claim, may locate it anywhere, with-
out being confined to a comparatively narrow strip,
much of which is very poor land, and upon any
tract subject to sale at private entry, without being'
subjected to a ridiculous raflling-box and a chance
location upon the number drawn from its wheel.
Mr. STANLY. The bill is not understood by
the House at all. I do not wish to prevent its
passage, or refer it to the Committee of the Whole,
where it cannot be got out, but I do object to hur-
rying it through the House, not understanding
what it is, in advance of other measures. I shall
probably vote for it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] to allow me to state
the case, because the citizens of the old States are
interested in this matter as well as ourselves. This
bill enables the persons entitled to this bounty, to
locate, as in the case of the present bounty land
claims; if not passed, all this class are compelled
to go under the hotch-pot lottery law, and draw
by chance, and they will not be enabled to act
under the existing laws for all other bounty land
claimants, and locate upon other public lands sub-
ject to private entry.
Mr. STANLY. I dare say the gentleman is
right. I do not wish to defeat the bill,
Mr. ORR. Does the gentleman wish to refer
it to the Committee of the Whole?
Mr. STANLY. No; but I do not know its
provisions. I object to picking out particular bills
from the Committee on Public Lands, and push-
ing them in advance of the great measures of the
country. I like to favor these Western States,
and 1 have voted for them sometimes to such an
extent, that it has brought down censure upon me
for so doing—and I will do so again when they are
proper measures. I do not wish to refer this bill,
but I want some time to examine it. If it is not
put upon its third reading, it will come up heieaf-
ter, without being referred, and no harm will be
done to the public or the State of Arkansas. I
would respectfully suggest to the chairman of the
committee that it go over informally,that we may
have time to examine it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would be very glad that the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] or
j anybody else may examine it.
j The SPEAKER. If it goes over infoimally,
the Chair will state that it will go upon the Speak-
i er's table.
Mr. STANLY. That is nothing unfair. Then
we must get it out in its proper order.
Mr. HALL. I understand that the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] wants time to
examine this bill. I suppose that two or three
days would be sufficient. I suggest, then, that the
bill be committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and that a motion to
