1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
reconsider be made, and then it will go over, and
in this way be brought up.
Mr. STANLY. That is an indirect way. Ido
not wish to defeat the bill.
Mr. EVANS, 1 wish to ask, if the House now
passes to other business, whether this would not
remain on the Speaker's table? I recollect that,
four years ago, when I was on the Committee on
Public Lands, and we had this measure before us,
there was no doubt of its being right. The gen-
tleman from North Carolina wants time to exam-
ine it, and I therefore suggest to the House that
we pass to other business. It will not be worth
while to make the motion to reconsider, suggested
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] as
we should never reach it again. Better let the gen-
tleman go on with other reports.
Mr. JOHNSON. In what class of business
will it come upon the Speaker's table? There is
a class of business there which never ought to,
and never will, be reached. I do not want this
bill to get into that class, because it is just and
right. Does it come in the fifth class?
The SPEAKER. It comes within that class.
Mr. ORR. If a particular motion I propose to
make will have the effect indicated 
The SPEAKER. A motion to recommit would
keep it before the House.
Mr. ORR. I make the motion, then, to recom-
mit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands, by
general consent, that the vote upon the recommit-
ment will be passed informally.
[Cries of "Agreed !" "Agreed!>y "Agreed !"]
On motion by Mr. ORR,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the following peti-
tions, and that they do he upon the tabls, viz:
«The petition of citizens of Arkansas for a donation of
nd to the Arkansas and Central Railroad Company ; and
The petition of the Jacksonville and Alligator Plank Road
Company.
Mr. ORR. The Committee on Public Lands,
to whom was referred the petition of Silas Noble
and nineteen other registers and receivers of the
Land Office, asking additional compensation for
locating bounty land warrants, have instructed me
to report back the same with the recommendation
that they lie upon the table. They are petitions
from the late and present registers and receivers
at different places in the United States, having the
same object in view. The bill which passed the
House some two or three weeks ago, making
bounty land warrants assignable, has superseded
further legislation upon the subject. I ask, then,
to refer back all these petitions with a recom-
mendation that they lie upon the table.
It was so ordered.
COMMITTEE ON ELECTIONS.
On motion of Mr. HAMILTON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Elections be dischaiged
from the further consideration of the petition of A W. Rey-
nolds, contesting the legality of the election of R. H.
Wfightman, as a Delegate from New Mexico, and that the
same do he upon the table.
Mr. DEAN moved that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a
privileged question. I am glad to see my friend
*from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] who was not
here a short time since. The privileged question
1 wish to make is to renew to-day the motion I
submitted yesterday morning, with this difference
only, that I will defer the day and hour at which
I proposed to close debate upon the homestead
bill, to Monday next, at one o 'clock. I will make
no remarks, but call the previous question.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order. I
ask if my motion is not also a privileged motion,
and if it is not to be put first?
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged motion,
but, in the opinion of the Chair, the motion of the
gentleman from Arkansas has precedence.
The question was then taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question, and on a divi-
sion there were—ayes 50, noes 61.
Mr. STUART demanded tellers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will with-
draw my resolution, believing the House are de-
termined not to pass it.
The resolution was withdrawn.
The question recurred on the motion submitted
by Mr. Dea.v.
Mr. NABERS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from New York, that he should change his
motion to one to proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. DEAN. No, sir; I cannot.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw his motion; there is a
large amount of business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. DEAN. No, sir.
Mr. VENABLE. With the indulgence of the
House, I desire to make a suggestion. There are
a great many gentlemen who wish to speak upon
the homestead bill, and I would, therefore, suggest
that we should have a night session, to give them
an opportunity to do so.
Mr. HALL. I rise to a question of order; it
is this: that the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Freeman] was entitled to the floor, and that the
gentleman from New York had no right to take
the floor from tiie gentleman from Mississippi to
make the motion that he did.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, on the ground that we are acting
under a special order, and that the gentleman from
New York, therefore, had a right to arrest the
proceedings of the House, to submit the motion
which he did, that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order. Ordinarily, the gentleman
from Missouri would be correct m his view; but
as we are acting under a special order, the Chair
thinks he is not correct, and overrules the point of
order.
Mr. VENABLE. I ask the gentleman from
New York to yield the floor, to enable me to sub-
mit a proposition, that when the House adjourns
it adjourn to meet at seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. SWEETSER. I object.
Mr. DEAN. Then I insist upon my motion.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the gentleman from New
York to allow me to state that my drawer is so
full of reports from the Judiciary Committee that
it can hold no-more. I would suggest that reports
should be delivered from committees before any
other business is done.
Mr. DEAN. I cannot withdraw my motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dean's
motion, and it was agreed to, on a division—ayes
68, noes 63.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Hibbard m the
chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated, as the business be-
fore the committee, the consideration of House
bill No. 7, being a bill to encourage agriculture,
commerce, manufactures, and for other purposes,
on which the gentleman from Texas [Mr. How-
ard] was entitled to the floor.
COMPROMISE MEASURES WHIG CAUCUS 
GENERAL SCOTT.
Mr. HOWARD said: Mr. Chairman, were I to
confine myself exclusively to the subject under
debate, or, more properly speaking, to the subject
before the committee, it might be construed into
an intentional disrespect to the usage and custom
of this committee. I therefore propose, in the
first instance, to address a few observations to the
political aspect of the country, and to that common
topic, the next presidential campaign. I intend to
say a few words in relation to the principles on
which that canvass must be fought; and when we
consider how much of public interest depends upon
the lesult of that contest, we cannot be astonished
that it has occupied so large a portion of the atten-
tion of this House.
In the outset, I desire to say, that I am opposed
to anything like a separate Union party, and for
the plain reason that I do not believe that the con-
dition of the country makes such an organization
necessary. I admit, that there are questions in
this country, which may rise above party, and
when the time shall arrive that the existence of the
Government itself depends upon such an organ-
ization, such an organization will necessarily take
place. But that is not the present condition of
affairs.
I am one of those who believe it necessary to
keep up the old party organizations. I believe it
is expedient, for the reason that an opposite course
would lead directly to sectional parties, and to
geographical organizations, which can only exist
for a short time in this country without the de-
struction of the Government itself. I would there-
fore postpone the evil day of such a stale of things,
to the time when it may be necessary for the pres-
ervation of this Government.
I am in favor of adhering to the old Democratic
platform—adding to it no more than the absolute
wants of the country, at this time, may require;
for, as to party creeds, when old party creeds do
not answer the purpose, it is as legitimate to have
new ones as it was to ado/it the old in the first in-
stance. It is for this reason that I have voted in
this House for the passage of the resolutions ap-
proving, or rather, acquiescing in the compromise
measures, and asserting the principle that the fugi-
tive slave law should be enforced. 1 do it, not for
the purpose of reflecting on the past action of any
one, but because I conceive that such action is
necessary to the welfare of the mmon, and indis-
pensable to the peace of society in our country, at
tins moment. Nor do I see how wiy gentleman
opposed to those measures can complain of such
a course, unless he be one of those who thmk that
this Government has lasted too long, and that
what has taken place is a sufficient ground for
breaking it up. I may be permitted to say that
if nothing was involved in the question but the
aspect of parties at the South, 1 should esteem
such a vote unnecessary. But such is not the
case. I should esteem a resolution approving or
acquiescing in the compromise unnecessary, for the
obvious reason that every Southern Stale, in some
form or another, has acquiesced in the measures
adopted by the Thirty-first Congress. If it was
intended, therefore, to operate upon Southern par-
ties and Southern politicians alone, it would be
unnecessary. But, sir, that is not the state of the
case. We have been notified here by the Free-
Soil connection, that they hold the fugitive slave
law to be unconstitutional, and that they regard
the acts in relation to the territorial governments
to be as subject to modification and repeal as any
ordinary acts of the American Congress. It is to
reach these, mainly and principally, that I am in
favor of adopting the compromise as a finality. I
do not wish to reflect even upon the Free-Soilers,
or to thrust them out of the party. But if they
are to continue to act with us, they must give
bonds to keep the peace. If they do not, then, in
my estimation, we ought to hold no further affili-
ation with them. These persons ought not to be
allowed inside of the Democratic parly, by fur-
ther agitation to furnish a fresh cause for seces-
sion, or to endanger the public peace and the sta-
bility of the Government. Agitalion should cease
on this subject.
Now, sir, I am unable to perceive how any
Southern man, however extreme his opinions may
be in relation to this subject, can feel any reluc-
tance m adopting the compromise as a fina'ity in
reference to the wJiole subject. There is, in my
estimation, a necessity growing out of the enforce-
ment of the fugitive slave law; as it is obviously
the purpose of the Free-Soilers and Abolitionists
to remain quiet for the present, and then, after the
presidential election has terminated, to come into
Congress and agitate for the repeal of the fugitive
slave law. U is not only that measure which makes
the adoption of the compromise resolution propei,
but the wholesubject ot slavery in the Territories.
If there was anything well understood when the
compromise measures were adopted, it was that
the question of slavery in the Territories stood
upon the Constitution, that it should be main-
tained there, and that the Territories should be
open to slavery if the Constitution permitted sla-
very to exist in those Territories, Now, we are
notified by these extreme gentlemen that it is their
purpose to agitate the subject of slavery m the
Territories, and to introduce bills for the exclu-
sion of slavery from the Territories of New Mex-
ico and Utah. This is the more nece&sary on the
part of the South, because the census returns show
that slavery actually exists both in Utah and New
Mexico. I thmk, therefore, that it is incumbent
upon the Democratic party to say that that which
was a settlement shall remain a settlement, unal-
tered, unmodified, and unrepealed. And, sir, it
becomes, in my estimation, the more necessary to
say so because I see certain opinions advanced
since the adoption of these measures touching this
subject, to which, in another aspect, f wish, for
a few moments, to call the attention of the Com-
mittee.
Mr. MEACHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a single question?
