1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Mr. HOWARD. If you will"be brief.
Mr. MEACHAM. iuskthegentleman whether
Ue, in sustaining the compromise, will go against
thepiopoaed division of tho boundary of Califor-
nia, so as to make two States instead of one?
Mr. HOWAED. I am astonished that such a
question should be asked by a gentleman who is
a member of the Judiciary Committee. Coltfor-
nia is in the Union. She is a sovereign State. She
has the right to divide herself with the consent, of
Congress, and one portion has the right to come
here and demand admission into the Union after
the consent is given; and when it comes here we
have no power then but to look into their consti-
tution, and see whether ii has or has not adopted
a republican form of government.
Mr. MEACHAM. Will not you be varying;
the compromise if you say you will go for that
division ?
Mr, HOWARD. Not at all. The idea is pre-
posterous, for the simple reason thai California
was admitted into the Union with oil the privi-
leges, all the powers, and upon the principles of j
equality with the other States. No man UouOis :
that any one of the old States has the power to j
exclude slavery, or to retain it,at its own will and j
in its own time. The compromise did not go be- j
yond the admission of California. It did nut ex- !
tend to maintaining or excluding slavery there, I
nor to retaining the State with its present limits or ■
institutions.
But to return to the subject upon which I was
commenting. Jthasbeen pntforth, in certain quar-
ters, that although the exclusion of slavery in the
Territories, by a direct on of Congress, would he
unconstitutional, yet that it wan constitutional un-
tile Territorial Le^ishuuies to exclude it. Now, foi
one, I desire to ?my that I repudiate altogether the
idea of the squatter's .sovereignty—that it can have
no existence in the Constitution, or in the bram of'!
any sound-reasoning Sawyer. And why' The j
territorial government arc organized ;,y Con- j
gress, Their political noweys ate charters ur- j
rived from Congress. They can look to ;h.«J char- |
ter for their powers, and not beyond it. To say, j
therefore, that we c_m confer upon a Territorial
Legislature a power we do not ourselves possess, ;
is an idea which, in my opinion, cannot be de- '
fended by even plausible argument. A <(o\rrn- \
merit organized by Congress cannot contain a \
grant of constitutional powerwhich Congress does i
not possess. If Congress cannot adopt the Wil-
mot proviso, much less can a Territorial legisla-
ture, which is its creature.
But there is another doctrine ad\unfed m refer-
ence to this matter, which I desire to notice. It i^
said that ail the inhabitants of a Tenitory pof^ess
inherent sovereign power. Now, the idea of sov-
ereign power disconnected fiom political oi^uni-
7ation is one winch is difficult to coim-rehe-'d, if :
it have any existence. The idea of sovereignty is 1
represented by the State-, ami if the poop!.-* a>; I
sovereign, it is because they ^ re a part of the Slate, J
living within an organized policed cornmiuiUy, i
and constituting a part of an organized, political ,
government. The idea that Daniel Boone, when '
he migrated outside [he boundaries of civilization !
and settled there, possessed the powers of so\c-r- j
eignty in any legu! sen^e, is oi:e winch 1 shall
never be able to apprechue. There is no &o\or-;
eigrny in separate individuals, or in man xn a slate 1
of nature. Sovereignly, in a hgal or political
sense, is created only when men funv, n govern-
ment by giving up a portion of ineir natural ) hdns. '
It is an idea inseparable fro571 organized '^vf-i-,1-
ment. Squatters on the public domain, without !
legal government, ere not sovereign; they are at j
best tenants at sufferance. But suppose that
a certain amount of political sovereignty i.iav be
admitted to be inherent in the people of the Ter- :
ritories, I deny that iheie can he anything in the
proposition put forth; and for this" reason, thyr. '
they have exeicised it in adopting the ternto- !
rial governments pieprtred f. r them by Con-
gress. Admit, if you please, that they ore sover- '
eigns, the Congress of theUnhed States havecoo- ■
ferred a certain restricted form of govermnert
upon the people of the Territories, piecing them '
in a condition of pupilage, and they have acept-
ed of the Government with those powers. They
have agreed to live under the Government thus .
framed by the Congress of the United Scnes. In
the exercise of their sovereignty, even if they pos- :
sess it, they have accepted of the charter thus i
given them by Congress. That charter contains
their powers, and by it they have submitted to
the jurisdiction of Congress, and cannot set up
any authority inconsistent with the supervision
and control of this Government, much less in op-
position to constitutional powers of Congress. I
deny as a constitutional proposition the existence
of " squatter sovereignty." It has no foundation
m sound reasoning or the practice of the Govern-
ment. It is inconsistent-with the jurisdiction of
the Federal Government over the public domain
as expressly conferred by the Constitution.
In relatun to these compromise acts, I desire to
say, that i look to the Democratic party alone to
maintain and enforce them. That party has made
the Government and country the great power that
it is, and can alone preserve the Union. It should,
therefore meet these questions boldly, and pre-
serve the public tranquillity by avowing a plat-
form adequate to the occasion, in its approaching
national convention. I look to the Democracy in
this crisis, becauseit is their principle of strict con-
si ruction which alone can render the Federal Gov-
ernment immortal and preserve the Union by
keeping the Government within its legitimate
sphere; for I must be permitted to say, that, how-
ever good may be the intentions of certain indi-
vidual members of the Whig party, or however
sound may he the views and intentions of a cer-
! tain sect of that party in relation to the great
1 questions of acquiescence m and the enforcement
i of the compromise measures, I do not think the
' Whig party, or, at least, the majority of the
, Northern section of it, can be depended upon. I
say it not fiom any intention of casting any un-
just censure upon that party, or of imputing any
1 improper motives to any one, hnt 1 say it be-
! cause I lmv" been forced to the conclusion from
the political action of that jwrty for the lust
twehe months. And what has been that action?
Why,8'r, i; is known that the gentleman who now
occupies the presidential chair, and who, during
ah this* controversy, has shown himself to be a
patriot and a gentleman, is now to be sacrificed
because he has taken ground in fav^r of the fugitive
skue law, and has maintained and enforced it. If !
i may judge from what I see in the newspapers, I i
should think that last night he had been bound,
and that m a very few weeks he is to be taken,
thus bound, to the funeral pile, there to be immo-
lated, to propitiate that power m the North which
is m favor of repealing, or of resisting, the fugitive
shive law—that great conservative measure for the
enforcement of a clear constitutional n^ht of (he
Sooth. I. understand, from what 1 can gather
irom the papers of this rnorntng, ihat m the Whig
cam-m? hei*l last night, thop e who wue for stand-
ing up for th«''Constitution were confined almost
exclusively to the Southern section of the Unam,
and were nor very numerous .\t that. I see some
gentlemen upon the other side of the House who,
no doubt, could give us some information upon
th's subject. Perhaps the gentleman from New
York [S'lr. Brooks] cou'd tell us somefhmg in
relation 10 the matter. ] understand that upon '
that occasion the compromise measures were not :
only so unpopular as not to be adopted, but they i
were actually ru'ed out of order. If this be un- J
tun-, 'h^ie are many gentlemen present who were '
there, and they can correct me. 1 think, then, j
that we have small hope from the Whig party, j
It is suggested to me that the gentlemen on the j
other side of the House are mum now, as their 1
candidate will be when the fmM conflict comes off; j
and { take it for granted that General Scott is to be j
that man. If they will allow him to say anything 1
at all, it will he with the consent of Mr. Se'ward, \
and it will be about as explicit as the expressions ;
of opinion which were made to serve the turn of ;
the Wnig party during the last presidential con- 1
test. '
Several Mercers called for Mr. Cm.n'Gm\y to !
explain in relation to the caucus. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. i hope gentlemen will not j
call me up. I was there, u is true, but I was there ■
rather as a spectator t!ian an actor. J hope the ;
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Fowler,] I,
who recited the proceedings of the other caucus, !j
or my colleague, [Mr. Outlaw,] who was the .
chairman of that oilier caucus, or the distinguished i
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] will jj
be called up. [Laughter.] !'
Mr. HOWARD. I think it must be very op- j
parent that the convention which sat last night, 5
and of which we have heard so much, is not very
communicative in relation to the principles uoon
which it intends to act m the next piesidential
election. I understood, when these resolutions
were ruled out of order, there were found only
eighteen in that meeting who were willing to stand
up for the finality of the compromise, and to say
that the public peace shall be maintained in rela-
tion to these measures.
Mr. STANLY. Will the gentleman from Texas
permit me to ask him a question?
A Member, Make him promise to answer
yours first!
Mr. HOWARD. Oh! I know the honorable
gentleman from North Carolina will not be so dis-
courteous as not to answer my question afterwards.
Mr. STANLY. That is another affair. [Laugh-
1 ter. j I dislike to interrupt the gentleman—and
j would not uo so, but because he seems to solicit
j an answer—and I will do so but for a moment,
j When I get the door, I will show that gentleman
that he is wholly in error about the proceedings of
! the caucus of last night. T cannot do it now, for
! it would take up the whole of his time.
1 If the gentleman from Texas will answer me
i this question, he will afford me some information
i which I have been wholly unable to set from any
i member of Congress this session: Why did not
i General Cass vote upon the fugitive slave bill,
! when he was in the Senate the day it was passed ?
| When he was in his seat a short time before the
vote was taken? Will my friend from Texas say
; why General Cass did not vote?1
Kir. HOWARD. I would suggest to the gen -
! tleman that he had better ask that question of
' General Cass himself.
; Mr. STANLY. That would be impertinent,
j It might offend the old gentleman, and I woulcMtaot
! do that for a irreat deal.
I Mr. HOWARD. It is a matter that I have
1 never had any conversation with him in relation
■ to. I understand from his speeches 
I Mr. STANLY. The gentleman cannot answer,
i the " noise and confusion'5 is so great. [Laughter.]
! ?vlr. HOWARD. There may be some private
\ reason, of which I know nothing; but I know that.
I in speeches made before and afterwards, which
; are published in the Union of this morning, he
| expresses himself in fsvor of the fugitive slave
i law, m clear and distinct language.
| M r. STANLY. He expresses one thing in his
j speeches, and votes the other way. Why did not
| he vote for the bill ? Can any gentleman on the
} other side answer that question ?
Mr. HOWARD. As the gentleman proposes
to conduct this debate by asking questions, 1 want
to know of him—for I understand General Scott
; is his JJagnos J2polh in this matter—whether he
cm say that General Scott approves of th« fugitive
slave law as it at present exists ? and whether, if
elected President of the United States, he would
employ the power of the Government to execute
that law'
Mr. STANLY. }]e would be a perjured man
if he did not execute the law. [Much laughter.]
Mr. HOWAUD. Well, that would be a ques-
tion of morals, as well as a question of iaw. What
I want to ask my honorable friend from North
Carolina [Mr. Stan*ly] is, whether he knows, vs
a matter of fact, that General Scott is in favor of
this measure, and will resist its modification or
repeal ?
Mr. STANLY*. lie is as good a compromise
man as my friend from Texas, [laughter]—a true
compromise man. For further information, I refer
my friend to my letter to my constituents, pub-
lished a Jew days since, which no man can mis-
understand.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not hear distinctly, but
I understand the gentleman refers me to General
Scott's let ter.
[Cries: "No!" "No!" "No!"]
Mr. STANLY. I beg leave to refer the gen-
tleman to General Scott, as he has referred me
to General Cass ; and when he gets General
Cass's answer, I will not vote for General Scott
when he is nominated, if he should be, if I do not
giveyoahis. Jsnotthat a fair trade? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. That is a trade at which I
should be likely to be cheated, if T accepted the
bargain; for, if General Cass would answer, the
gentleman would not onl}' have an answer, but an
answer to the point—an answer that he would
maintain it by his veto power before he could get
