244
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
The original bill consists of two sections, re-'
ported by the Committee on Naval Affairs, with
two additional sections as amendments. The first
section authorizes the President of the United
States to cause an examination and survey of the
bay of San Francisco to be made by a board
of commissioners, to be appointed by him for
that purpose, with the view of selecting a location
for a navy-yard and dry-dock. The second sec-
tion provides that when such site shall be so se-
lected, the President shall apj|e>int and assign such
officers, and make such arrangements, as may be
necessary for the establishment of such navy-
yard, upon the most approved plan.
The amendment reported hy the committee, and
contained in sections three and four, provides that
in the selection of such site, regard shall be had to
its adaptation for the construction of a basin and
railway, and the location of the sectional floating
dry-dock now in course of construction; and that
the President be authorized to allow additional
compensation, not exceeding double the amount
of their present pay, to die oiRceis whom lie may
appoint, and to allow them the actual amount of
their expenses consequent upon the performance
of their duty.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Virginia has
suggested to me an objection to the bill, which he
will state to the Senate. In order that I may
make progress, I am willing that the section to
which he objects should be stricken out.
The PRESIDENT. The first question will
be on the adoption of the amendments.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would suggest that this
bill should be laid over until Monday. It is a
very important bill. We have erected'a number
of dry docks recently, and 1 think this is a matter
which shoul  be carefully examined.
Mr. GAVIN. I will not object to that, for I
wish the biil to be fully considered.
Mr. BRODHEAI). Then 1 move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill till Monday
next.
The question v. >;s taken, and the motion to post-
pone was agieed to.
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
The Senate resumed the consultation of Mr.
Foott-'s resolution as amended on the motion of
Mr. Badof.r, decl.u mg the «erie« of compromise
measures of the last session a definitive settlement
of all questions growing out of the subject of
slavery.
[Mr. Downs spoke at length on the subject;
and in favor of the compromise measures. For a
report of his speech see Appendix.]
Mr. DAVIS then rose and said: I believe we
have reached an hour when, perhaps, it would be
as wel! to adit/urn, and I make that motion.
Mr. M<R \E. I would a*k the Senator to sus-
pend his motion for a moment, in order that I may
ask ium a question.
Air. DA ViS. I comply with the Senator's re-
quest,
Mr. McRAE. Does the Senator desire, by
making (he motion to adjourn, to obtain the floor?
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to submit a few remarks
on the resolution.
Mr. Mc.RAE. I desired myself, at as early a
peii  d t'.i I could do so, to give expression to my
views on the subject which is before the Senate:
there?): p it was that I asked the Senator whether
he desired the floor. I yield to him.
The Senale then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 12, 18,52.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. BrTLnR. I
PETITIONS.
M*\ SEWARD presented the petition of the !
widow Oi Orlando Pierre, a private soldier killed in
the war wnh Mexico, praying a pension; which
was rererted to the Committee on Pensions. :
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of F. Mac- '
maims, praying the enactment of a law to author- :
ize debenture oh goods transported through Port
La Ba^a, San Antonio, and the Rio Grande, to
Mexico: which wa& referred to the Committee'on
Commerce.
Mr. KRADRURY submitted additional docu-
ments m reuition to the claims of the States of
Mnine and Massachusetts to indemnity for lands
surrendered to enable the United States"to comply
with the stipulations of the 4th article of the treaty
of Washington of August 9, 1842; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of Benjamin S. Roberts, an officer of the United
States Army, praying indemnity for losses sus-
tained during the war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of assistant
marshals for taking the Seventh Census in West-
chester county, New York, praying additional
compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee cTf Claims.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of officers
of the United States Army stationed in Califor-
nia, praying a continuance of* the increased pay
granted by an act of Congress; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of citi-
zens of Illinois, praying a grant of the right of
| way through the public lands for a railroad from
! Shawneetown to the Mississippi river, opposite
St. Louis, Missouri; which was referred to the
; Committee on Public Lands.
i Mr. STOCKTON presented two petitions of
' citizens of Trenton, New Jersey, against the in-
' traduction of corporal punishment in the Navy;
which were ordered to he on the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the memorial of
Robert R. Caffee and others, lately attached to
the Commission for running and marking the
boundary line between the United States and
Mexico, praying to be allowed their pay and trav-
eling expenses from the time they ceased to be
employed on that service until their return to their
homes; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Wes-
ley Smith, alderman, and five hundred residents of
the eleventh ward of the city of New York, calling
the attention of Congress to the question of inter-
vention of Russia in the struggle of Hungary for
freedom. It was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and is as follows:
To the honoi able the Senate and Home of Representatives
oj the United State's of ~imerica :
Wo, the uncl^i ^gnocL citizens of the eleventh ward in the
city fi N>w Voik, do le.^pectluliy repie-cnt, that we do
cor.Mdcr that die petition ot Louis {volutin on behalf of the
people of Hungary, is in accoithoice with those pnnciples
of justice and light which wo tnul implanted 111 oui minds,
and to which all humanity owes allegiance. Am! as we
eon&idei that to  lmn!i fioin tlie peuonnanoe of a duty im-
posed by those principles, as cowardly in a cat nation,
we a.-k of \our honorable bodies that'von, in behalf ot the
17 riited State*, ot whom we aie apait, do proclaim jour ac-
quiescence in the three petition,-, oiu-red by ?-<iid .Louis
Ivovoith in a speech made ot the Immjuot given by thf> mu-
nicipal authonties of New York, oi in so many of tho^e pe-
tition* as our Constitution and laws peunit jbui acquies-
cence in.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have a petition, very
numerously signed by the people of Tennessee,
and particularly of the city of .Nashville, ftprays
, Congress to make an appropriation for the pur-
1 pose of rendering the navigation of the Louisville
1 and Portland canal free, it shows the amount of
, foils received upon that canal from the time of its
, construction. The sum received in 1850 was
| >115,000; and in 1851 the amount, it is believed,
: was £150,000. I will not detain the Semite by
showing how the amount received has increased
from $13,730 up to #350,000. I have already
given notice that I intend to bring in a hill upon
this subject, which 1 shall offer within a few days.
I do not know any committee to A\hich it will be
proper to refer the memorial at present,and there-
fore I hope it will be received and laid upon the
table.
It was accordingly laid on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have also received,
upon the same subject, the proceedings of the
General Council of the city of Louisville j in which
they represent the necessity of making the naviga-
tion of that canal free, and of an appropriation for
if* enlargement; and embracing a series of resolu-
tions upon the whole subject; and for the reason
already assigned, I will give it the same destina-
tion.
It was accordingly laid on the table.
PAPERS AVITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, it was
Ordered, That the petition ot Nancy Bowen, on the files
of the Senate, be referied ro the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Elizabeth V. Lomax, ois
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee 0.0
Pensions.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of George G. Bishop and Pe-
ter U. Morgan, administrator of John Arnold, deceased,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee oii
Patents and the Patent Oitiee.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of William A.
Duer, administrator of William A. D.uer, deceased,
submitted an adverse report; which "was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill to leviseand
continue in force for a limited time the provisions
of an act relative to suspended entries of public
land, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill to establish an additional land
office in Michigan, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a communication:
I from Aaron H. Palmer, submitted a report, ac-
companied by the following resolution; which was
considered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be dis-
charged from the further consideration oY the communica-
tion of Aaron H. Palmer, relating to the colonial depend-
encies of Japan, and a plan for opening that empire to the
eommeice-of the United States.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a memorial of citi-
zens of Portland, Maine, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill making an appropriation for
the erection of a Marine hospital at Portland>
Maine.
The biil was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged fiom the t'uitJiei consideration of the memorial of
James B. Cubbing and others.
CASE OF CAPTAIN THOMAS SNODGRASS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a biil, accompanied by a re-
port, for the relief of Captain Thomas Snodgrass.
The bill provides that the sum of $230 be appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to reimburse to Captain
Thomas Snodgrass the expenses incurred by him
for a team, and balance for forage and subsistence
furnished to his company of volunteers while em-
ployed as a guard, or escort, for a party of emi-
grating Cherokees in the year 1838.
Mr. S. 1 will say, in explanation of the report,
that this bill was before the Committee on Indian
Affairs at a previous session; that at that time
this claim received a faithful investigation, and
from the evidence adduced, it was clear that it was
just, beyond all question. The committee there-
fore, without hesitation recommended the passage
of that bill at the last session, and in the report
they now present, they merely refer to a report
which was formerly made. The amount recom-
mended is the same as that embraced in the former
Senate bill.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to act upon this hill now. It
has been lepoited upon befoie, and was unani-
mously recommended by the committee.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and no amendment being offered, it was reported
hack to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
LOCATING MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. FELCH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of a number of pe-
titions referred to them, asking additional compen-
sation to the several land officers for locating mili-
tary bounty land warrants in the several States.
Mr. WALKER. 1 would inquire if the com-
mittee have any special reasons for asking to be
discharged from the consideration of these peti-
tions,and whether the committee which makes this
report wish to be understood as being averse to
giving further compensation?
