1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m:5
Mr, FELCH. I should have stated, but I sup-
posed every Senator knew, that we have reported
in favor of giving additional compensation; and
therefore it was that we ask to be discharged from
the farther consideration of these memorials,
Mr. WALKER. If I understand what the
Senator refers to, it is an amendment to tlhe bill
providing for the assigftability of land warrants;
out if that bill should not become a law, the pro-
vision to which the Senator refers will go down
of course.
Mr. FELCH. We cannot be accountable for
what may be the action of the Senate on the sub-
ject; but whatever it may be, it is competent for
any member to present the subject again.
The motion was agreed to, and it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Pnbtic Lands be dis-
charged from the farther consideration of the petition of the
Sate and present land officers-of Dixon, Illinois, pravu.g ad-
ditional compensation on account of services connected
with bounty lands, and ftom the several incisionals and pe-
titions on thfi same subject referred to the committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD subsequently m&Ved to
postpone all prior orders for the purpose of taking
up and disposing of the bill referred to, to make
-bounty land warrants assignable. He said he
learned from many Senators, that they were in
the receipt of large numbers of letters in relation
to that measure. Ke had received many himself,
and he was desirous that the subject should be
•disposed of. As it was discussed and passed at
the last session, he appiehended no debate upon
it now, and hence he made his motion, believing
that it would consume but very little time.
After a brief conversation, the honorable Sena-
toragreed to postpone his motion until to-morrpw.
COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to ask a favor of the
Senate this morning, and that is, that I may be
discharged from further service as a member of
the Committee on Public Lands. I am chairman
of two other committees of tlie£>enate; and as the
committee is now constituted, there are three mem-
bers from three adjoining States. I think, there-
fore, that it is but just to the Southwest, or some
other portion of the country, that they should have
a representative.
The question being taken, it was agreed to; and
on motion of Mr. Shields, it was
Ordered, That the President "pro tempore of the Senate
fill the vacancy thus occasioned m the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. Borlaxd was appointed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr, FISH, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill to increase the
salary of the district judge of the United States for
the southern district of Florida; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
NOTICE OF BILL.
Mr. FELCH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of William
A. Richmond.
INDEX^TO THE LAWS.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tiiat of the synoptical index of the laws pie-
pared and printed puisuant to a resolution of the Senate,there
be distributed m the same manner as the copies of Little &
Brown's edition of the laws were distributed under the act
of 8th August, 1846, (except to the Library of Ooiigicss,)
six hundred and seventy copies; and to each member of
the Senate and House of Kepresentatives who has not al-
ready received the same, one copy; and that, ten copies bo
placed in the Librarv of Congress.
Resohed, That each member of the Senate be furnished
with the 9th volume of Little & Bnwn's edition of the
laws, and that the preceding volume1- be fmni-hed to those
members who have not already received them.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read a first and second time by
their titles:
An act for the relief of the Virginia Woolen
Company;
An act for the relief of Edward Everett; and
An act for the relief of David C. Cash and Giles
U. Ellis.
Ordered, That they be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itaiy Aft'ans.
The following bills were read a first and second
time by their titles:
An act for the relief of John W. Robinson; '
An act for the relief of Gardner Herring;
An act for the relief of Albra Trippi;
An act for the relief of Silas Champion, o*f the
State of New York;
An act for the relief of Philip Miller;
An act for the relief of Joseph Johnston;
An act for the relief of Robert Milligan;
An act for the relief of Sylvanus Blodget;
An act for the relief of Amos Knapp; and
An act for the payment of arrears of pension to
the guardian of Artemus Conant.
Ordered, That they be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions,
FIRE AT THE CAPITOL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Forney, their Clerk:
^.fr. Presidesr: The House of Itepiesentatives concur
in the amendment of the Senate to the bill making appro-
priation to meet the expenses incuricd in consequence of
the late the at the Capitol. ,
Mr. BADGER subsequently reported the bill
duly enrolled.
PRINTING Of1 THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to make a motion. I
believe it will be necessary to move to suspend
the present order of business, for the purpose of
taking up the joint resolution to provide for the
printing of the returns of the Seventh Census. I
move, therefore, to suspend all the previous orders,
both special and general, with the view of taking
up that resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. Is not the unfinished business of
Saturday the order of the day ?
The PRESIDENT. It is the first special or-
der; but the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright]
moves to postpone all the orders of the day, both
special and general, to take up this joint resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have no particular objection to
that. I think that as my friend from Connecticut
[Mr. Smith] has been kept in a state of painful
suspense for some time, with all these papers be-
fore him, it is but fair that he should have an op-
portunity of expressing his sentiments. I hope,
however, if this measure is taken up this morn-
ing, it will be with the understanding that the
unfinished business shall follow it.
The PRESIDENT, it will follow as a matter
of course, beingthe unfinished business.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone the previous orders, and it was agreed to.
The PRES1 DENT. This is a joint resolution,
and is now before the Senate as m Committee of
the Whole. The resolution is as follows:
Be it resolved, 4That the Joint Commute0 on Printing
be directed to contiact with Poiudson & A'nMt'OPij for
printing the Census letu.ns, upon «ueh teims as the com-
mittee 'may deem reasonable.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to the resolution. It is to strike out all after
the enacting words and insert:
It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior, in
confoimity with the provisions ot the act entitled •• An act
making appropriations foi the civil and diplomatic expense-
of the Government tor the year 1SJ2," approved on the l?th
day ofMaj- in the said year, to contract lor the composition
and pie-s-uork of copies? of the returns ot toe Sev-
enth Census, as the same are classified and .irianged by the
said Seeretaiy; and in like manner to contract for so much
paper and of such quality as he shall deem piopei ror the
said work; and m like manner to contract for the binding
said letuins as printed m such style as he may judue e\pe- j
dient: Provided, The parties to each oi «aid emit! acts shall j
five such guaranty, and said paper and woik >-hal! be sub- j
ject to -ueh inspection said Secre'aiy «ha!I inquire to j
insure tin* faithful performance of the same.
Mr. S. Mr. President, I regret that I should
have the ill fortune of beine, a member of the Com-
mittee on Printing, the duties of which are perhaps
more irksome and unpleasant than those of any
other committee m this honorable body. But the
Senate having been pleased to assign me to a po-
sition ns a member of that commutcc, it has become ,
my duty to torn my attention to the subject that j
is now before the Senate—a subject of very consid- j
erable importance in its practical results, and still ;
more important in reference to the principle or rule ;
of conduct in regard to this subject which is m- ;
volved m the resolution now before us. j
At the outset, Mr. President, of my )emarks '
upon this subject, I desire it may be undeistood
that I have no other purpose in addres&ing the
Semite upon the present occasion than to promote
such a disposition of the subject as shall contorm
to the public interest. I desire also to disclaim
: entertaining any sentiment of antipathy, either
political or personal, for the highly-respectable gen-
tlemen whose names are introduced in this resolu-
tion, If I were about to confer a favor upon any
one of the proprietors of the various printing estrib*
lishments m this city, I know of no reason why I
should not do that favor as readily and as cheer-
fully to the gentlemen who are named in that reso-
lution as to any other firm or paities whatever,
who are concerned in this department of industry-.
But, Mr. President,^ is proposed in this resolu-
tion to dispose of an important work, which in-
volves the expenditure of a very large sum of
money, upon the principle of favoritism; a princi-
: pie to which I utterly object, ami which I conceive
to be inadmissible on the present occasion. What
I is the character of the resolution that is now sub-
mitted to the consideration of the Senate? It is
proposed by my honorable friend from Indiana
[Mr. Bright] that the two Houses of Congress
shall make a peremptory order on the Committee
on Printing, to make a contract with a certair^firm
in this city denominated Donelson & Armstrong,
for the execution of this work, upon such terms
as this committee shall judge to be reasonable.
We are not, sir, to inquire whether Messrs. Don-
elson & Armstrong are competent to perform this
work. We are not to inquire whether they have
the requisite machinery and the lequisite material,
or the requisite capital to enable them to perform
the work in a manner that shall comport with the
public interest. We are not to inquire whether
they are as -competent, or more competent than
the proprietors of other printing establishments in
the country. We are not to inquire whether they
would he willing to do this important woik on
terms as favorable to the public as those on which
other individuals might be willing to do it. Eut
we are to make a contract with them at all events.
There is to be no qualification except what is in-
volved in that clause of the resolution which pro-
vides that it is to be done " upon such terms as
the committee may deem resonable." Nothing
can be further from 1117/ thoughts than to cast any
imputation upon my honorable friend from Indi-
ana who has submitted this proposition to the
consideration of the Senate; and I certainly would
not express, as I do not entertain, the slightest
want of confidence in the rectitude of my honor-
able friends who constitute a majority of the
Committee on Printing. But, I ask, whnt is
the character of this resolution? It is, that a
committee of this body, or rather of the two
Houses of Congress, organized, and properly
organized I admit, upon political considerations, a
majority of which, in the proportion of four to
two, sympathize in feelrns and opinion, and prop-
: erly so*, with the majority of the two Houses of
Congress, shall make a contiact, not with any of
I th  citizens of the country who are prepared to do
; this work on terms most favorable to the public,
but with the proprietors of a political organ—a
: highly-respectable organ I admit—to do this work
on such terms as the majority of the committee
shall deem to be reasonable. Now, what does
that mean, Mr. President? It is proposed that a
majority of the two Houses of Congress should
confer this work upon the proprietors of this po-
litical establishment, as a matter of favoritism, and
as a job, to be done, to be sure, "upon snch terms
as the committee may judge reasonable."
Now, sir, we are not among those who would,
for one moment, harbor the thought that the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Printing,
[Mr. Borland,] or my other honorable friend,
[Mr. Hamlix,] would enter into any stipulation,
under this resolution, and make any annn ement
with DonelsLon&- Armslion^, 01 any other individ-
uals 00 eai th, which they be'itvod to be unjust, -or
inconsistent with the public interest. But, the very
character of this transaction—the foot that this work
is not to be open to the public generally, the fact
that the drawing up of this contract, and the settle-
ment of its terms, isto be committed—to whom?—
not to the Executive, not to the Secretary of the
Interior, not to any officcr connected with the ex-
ecutive department of the Government, but is to
be put into the hands of a committee, organized,
and propeily or2anized, and composed of highly
respectable gentlemen, i admit—s^yuig nothing of
the* minority—who are to make a contract with
the proprietors of a political oronn in tins city,
' who sympathize with a majority of the committee,
on such terms as the committee may deem reason-
able. I am not at all surprised that my honorable
