1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
to the provisions which should be incorporated in
this bill. They have drawn up a bill of that de-
scription, which the chairman of the Select Com-
mittee [Mr. Marshall] has under his care, and
which he proposes to present to the House as a
substitute for the bill now pending. I presume it
will not be necessary to refer it back to the Special
Committee or any other committee. The Joint
Committee on Printing have agreed to the substi-
tute which the chairman of the Select Committee
has in his possession, and who will report it.
The SPEAKER. The pending proposition is
to refer to the Select Committee.
Mr, MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The Special
Committee on Printing have had this subject under
consideration.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
while the motion to recommit the bill is pending.
The motion pending is to recommit to the com-
mittee of which the gentleman from Kentucky is
chairman, and it is upoii his own motion.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will withdraw the mo-
tion to recommit the bill, in order that we may
olFer the substitute we have agreed upon for the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
there is an amendment in the nature of a substitute
already pending; to the bill,
Mr. POLK. Is it in order to move to lay the
amendment upon the table?
The SPEAKER. That will carry the bill
with it.
Mr. MARSHALL. Is it in order for me to
move to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and to insert after the first section ?
The SPEAKER. There is a proposition of
that kind pending. The gentleman can move to
strike out the whole of the pending substitute,
and introduce his amendment in lieu of it. Jt is
competent, however, to amend the original bill,
section by section, first.
Air. PffELPS. I would inquire what is the
tviotion pending. Is it to strike out the whole of the
bill, and to substitute?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Jbklins] proposed a substitute for the
entire bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Is it not in order for the gen-
ileman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] to move
to strike out all after the first section, and to in-
sert?
The SPEAKER. The pending proposition to
do so would take precedence.
Mr. PHELPS. I understand the pending prop-
osition is, to strike out all after the enacting clause
and insert. Does the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] propose to strike out all after
the first section and insert?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Kentucky as offering a substitute
for the entire bill.
Mr. MARSHALL. I propose to strike out
all after the first section and insert.
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. The substitute which we
offer has been printed, but there are one or two
amendments which I shall have to add. I will ex-
plain to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Ghair is informed that
there is an amendment pending to the 5th section
of the bill. It does not preclude the gentleman
from Kentucky offering his amendment, but the
Chair thinks that this amendment must be dis-
posed of first.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
Provided, That no contract, agreement, or arrangement
entered into by this committee shall be binding, or take
effect until the same «liall be reported to that JJou-c of Con-
gress to which the printing belongs, and approved by the
same; and where the punting leiates to the business of
both Houses of Congress, then it shall be reported to both
Houses, and approved by them.
The original bill reported by Mr. Gorman, from
the Joint Committee on Printing, was read, as fol-
lows :
A bill to provide for executing the public punting, and es-
tablishing the prices thereof, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted, 4'c., That the joint resolution entitled
" Joint resolution directing the manner of procuring the
printing for each House of Congress," approved August 3d,
184t>, be and the same is hereby repealed.
Sec. 2. Ami be it further enacted, That from and after
tlie passage of this act, there shall be elected a public
printer by each House of Congress, to do the public print-
ing for the Congress for which he or they may be chosen.
Sec. 3. And be it further eiiacied, That the following
shall be the prices to be paid for such piinting as may,
from tune to nine, be oidered by Congress:
^ for tki: first class,
Consisting efihe bills and joint resolutions of both Houses—
For composition, per page, fifty cents.
For press work, papei, folding, and suteliing, per page,
for five hundred and eighty copies, seventy-five cents,
and at the same rate for any greater number not exceeding
one thousand copies.
for the second class,
Consisting of Repot ts of Committees of both Uouses, with
indexes;
For the composition per page, octavo—
For small pica plain, one dollar.
Foi small pica iuJc, one dolJarandtwentv-livecents.
For breviei plain, one dollar and fifty cents.
For bteviei rale, one dollar and seventy live cents.
For the composition of tables larger man octavo —
Pet one thousand ems, seventy cents.
For the pre.—work, paper, folding, and stitching of the
octavo si.ee, per page—
For twelve hundred and fifty copies, ninety-five cents,
and at the sjaute rate lor any greater number not exceeding
Jiiteen hundied copies.
For the pi ess-woik, paper, folding, and stiching of each
table larger llniti octavo—
For twelve bundled and tifty copies, three dollats and
fitly cents; and at the same rate lor any gicater number
not exceeding fifteen hundted copies.
For deduction on account of lolding and stitching not
requucvi in tbe copies lesetved lot binding; per page
foi one hundted (•(♦pies—
For the octavo size, one quaiter of a cent.
For each table laiger than octavo, one quarter of a cent.
Additional charge Jot the tiiuinung, loldmg, stitching,
or tuseiUii2 ol each map, oh.uf, dingium, in plate, of
any si/.e or shape, in the copies not toserved lor
binding—
For one hundred copies, ten cents.
for the third class,
Contacting of the Jounmld of both Houses, with Indexes.
For composition per page, octavo—
Foi small pica plain, one dollar.
For small pica rule, une dolJat and twenty-five cents.
For bieviei plant, ouu dollai auiMilty ccni.s.
For brevier rule, one dollai and seventy-live cents
For the press-wot k, paper, folding and stitching, per
page, octavo—
Foi twelve hundred and fifty copies, ninety cents; and
at the same ia£<> lot any gieuter number not exceeding fif-
teen bundled and fifty copies.
For deduction on account of folding and stitching not
icquired 111 the copies leserved Joi binding, per page
for one bundled copies—
For the octavo size, one quaiter of a cent.
for tix1s four.'i ii class,
Consisting of the Executive documents ol each House, ciu-
biacing Messages tioiu the President, Reports fiotu the
several J2\eeuu.ve Departments, Oihces, and Bureaus,
and the documents and statements communicated there-
with, with indexes :
- For the composition pel page, octavo—
For small pica plain, one dollar.
Foi small picaiule, one dollai and twenty-live cents.
Foi brevtei plain, one dollai ami Uiiy cents.
For bievier rule, one dollai and seventy-five cents;.
For the composition of tables laiger than octavo—
Pet one thousand ems, seventy cents.
For the piess-woik, paper, folding, and stitching of the
octavo size, per page—
Foi twelve hundied and liffy copies, ninety-five cents ;
and at the same rate foi any gienter number not exceeding
lilteen hundted copies.
For the pi ess-work, paper, folding and stitching of each
tabic largei than octavo—
For twelve hundied and futy copies, thiee dollais and
fifty cents; and at the sarncrate for any greater number not
exceeding fifteen hundred copies.
For deduction on account of folding and stitching not
required in the copies it-served to; binding, per page
for one huudred copies—
For the octavo si.se, one qumtei of a ccnt.
For each table larger than octavo, one quarter of a cent.
Additional charge for the trimming, folding, shelling,
or inserting ol eaeli map. chatt, diagram or plate, of
any size oi shape, in the copies not ieserved loi bind-
ing—
For one hundred copi es, ten cents.
for tjir tifth class,
Consisting of every other description of printing not
included in the pi eeedmg classes for each House,
with indcA, and divided as follows, via .
Pat t Jl of the Fifth Class.
Consisting of resolutions and other documents from
State Legislatures, memorials, petitions, arid .ill other
papeis or documents, not included m parts i> and C
of this class:
For the composition per page, octavo—
For small pica plain, one dollar.
For small pica iule, one dollar and twenty-five cents.
For brevier plain, one dollar and futy cent-i.
For brevier rule, one dollar and «oventy-five cones.
Foi the composition of tables larger than octavo—
Per one thousand ems, seventy cents.
For the press-work, paper, folding, and stitching ot the
octavo si/.e, per page—
For twelve hundred and fifty copses, ninety-five cent---;
and at the same rare for any gieater number not exceeding
fifteen hundred copies.
For the press-work, paper, folding, and stitching of each
table larger than octavo—
For twelve hundred and fifty copies, three dollars and
fifty cents $ and at the same rate for any greater number
not exceeding fifteen hundred copies.
For deduction on account of folding and stitching to be
omitted in the copies reserved for bind«ng5 per page,
for one hundied copies—
For tlie octavo size, one quarter of a cent.
Foi each taWe larger than octavo, one quarter of a cent.
Additional chaige for the trimming, folding, stitching,
or insetting of each map, chart, diagram, or plate of
any size or shape, in the copies notreseived for bind-
ing—
Foi one hundred copies, ten cents.
Part & of the Fifth Class,
ComasUng of treaties, messages, repot ts, and other papers
and documents ordeicd to be printed in confidence for
the use of the Senate :
For the composition per page, octavo—
Fot small pica plain, one dollar.
For small pica rule, one dollai and twenty-five cents.
For bieviei plain, one dollar and fifty cents.
For breviei rule, one dollar and seventy-five cents.
For the composition of tables larger than octavo—
Per one thousand euts, seventy eenis.
For the press-work, paper, folding, and stitching of the
octavo size, per page—
For sixty-five copies, twenty cents; and at the same rate
for any greater number not exceeding one hundred copies.
For the press-woik, paper, folding, and stitching for
each table laiger than octavo—
For sixtv-fivo copies, two dollars; and at the same rate
for any greater number not exceeding one huudred copies.
Fait C of the Fi/th Cl<iss}
Consisting of tabular statements of the orders of the day,
Iish of yeas and nays, eiteuiar letters, and all other print-
ing of a miscellaneous character not specified in cither
oi the preceding classes, or m pails A and B of tins
cla-s:
For composition, in whatever type, size, or form that
may be icquired—
Per one thousand ems for plain wofk, fifty cents.
Per one thousand cms lor rule and figure work, fifty
ccnts.
For the press work, paper, folding, and stitching one
hundred copies, per page—
Foi royal octavo, or any tize smallci, twenty cents.
For quarto post, one dollar.
Tot l'oho cap, one dollar.
For any sir.e laiger than folio cap, one dollar.
The paper to be used under this pari (C) to be such as
nnty b.* dueeted by the Secretary ot the Senate and Clerk
of the Hou<ae of itepiesentatives, respectively.
Percentage deduction for additional copies of either class:
Foi deduction on the prices above staled for the press-
woi k, papet, folding, and stitching, for furnishing ad-
dition, ii copies of matter included m either of the
 tore>;ud classes, the additional copies to be printed
on the same paper, with the same ink, and in the
same style as the usual numbers, viz :
Fur deduction for any number of copies—
Exceeding fifteen hundted, and not exceeding five thou-
sand, none.
Ex ceeding five thousand, and not exceeding ten thousand,
two per centum.
Exceeding ten thousand, and not exceeding twenty thou-
sand, three per centum.
Exceeding twenty ihou-and, five per centum.
Sfc. 4. .And he itfuiiher enacted, That the Clerk of the
Iiou-e of llepiesentativcs and tfeeretaiyor the Senate shall
puichase of the lowest and best bidder all the papei to be
iwd for the public printing, said paper to be of a tine and
smooth texture, weighing at least fifty pounds to the ream,
not call end er; the, puce or cost of sa:d papei to be deducted
ftom the prices for printing hereinbefore fixed.
See. o. Jin-l he it further ena<ted, That a committee
consisting of tlilee members of the Senate and three mem-
bci- of the House of Repiesentatives, shall be appointed by
the Speaker of the House and President oftbe Senate, which
shall constitute a Committee on Printing, which shall have
power to adopt such measures as may be deemed necssary
to remedy anj neglcct or delay in the execution of the pub-
he printing, and to make a pro rata reduction in the com-
pensation if the work shall not be done in a neat, duiable,
and workmanlike manner, or to refuse the vvoik altogether,
u not so executed .is nfore-aid. The committee shall audit
and pass upon all accounts for public printing; but no bill
shall be acted upon for work not acfuallv delivered.
sec. 0. And he it further enacted, That all motions to
print extra copies of any bill, report, or other public docu-
ment, shall he roleried to the committee of the members of
the House in which the same may be made; and all ex-
penses for pi mfing shall be paid out of the contingent fund
of the two House-, m proportion to the number oidered by
e.tcn, except the expense of composition, winch shall be
paid by the IIou>e Shst ordering the same to be pi inted.
Thai all acts or joint {©solutions conflicting with the pro-
visions of this act be, arid the same are hereby repealed.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment reported above, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MARSHA IJ^, of Kentucky. The bill
which has been prepared by the special committee,
of which I am chairman, is a very long; bill, ex-
tending to twelve pa«es of printed matter, and
embracing a great variety of details. If there is
no objection, i will explain its provisions during
the coarse of my remarks, and express the views
at the same t me which I entertain upon the sub-
jectof the public printing;. It isa subject to which
1 have given considerable attention ; but from its
