185-2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
my vote, if there was no other chance, except a
Whig precisely in the same predicament. But it
is suggested that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr, FowlerJ would probably give us a
more lucid explanation of thai matter, and show
us in what light he understands the position of
General Scott on the fugitive slave law.
Mr. FOWLER. I suggest that there are other
gentlemen who can tell the truth besides myself.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. The gentleman gave such
lucid testimony, and so much to the point, on a
ibrmei occasion, that I was in hopes that upon this
he would also have enlightened us m relation to
this subject. He says there are perhaps other
gentlemen who could tell the truth a3 well as him-
self. That may he, jf they happened to know it.
But the misfortune of the thing with my Whig
friends upon the other side is, that they do not
know whether General Scott will stand up to the
Constitution or not.
Mr. STANLY. I know it. I answer the gen-
tleman, 1 know it. I say, he is as good a com-
promise man as my friend from Texas, [Mr.
Howard,] or myself.
A Voice. The fugitive slave law included?
Mr. STANLY. The compromise measures,
and the fugitive slave law, too. As sood a com-
promise man as my friend from Texas, [Mr.
Howard,] and I rather think in favor of more of
. them than he was.
Mr. 110 WARD. If the honorable gentleman can
state that of his own knowledge, or by authority
of General Scott, I shall be happy to receive the
information. And I would like to know whether
tiiat is the understanding of the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Fowler,] who
always has to be consulted in relation to these
matters.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Come out, Mr.
Fowler. Give us your experience.
Mr. HOWARD. The gentleman [Mr. Stan-
ly] could relieve us from the difficulty, by saying,
whether General Scott has authorized him, or any
one else, to make that declaration? [Laughter.]
Mr. STANLY. I will answer my friend from
Texas. I have not talked with General Scott, J
think, in three months. I have other business to
attend to—a great deal—and I suppose he has. I
do not rpeak by anybody'^ authority. He never
nuthorh 1 irvbody to speak his opinions. He
will speak. f^r ii.mself. He is able to do so. i only
tell the gentleman—and I told my constituents in
the letter I wrote—what 1 know, of my own
knowledge, from b's own lips. There is no mis-
take about thai, i f I would say I heard my friend
from Texas [Mr. Howard] say a particular thing,
so and so—my ^vraouy not impeached—1 take
the ground that I speak what I know. f« that an
authority in fact3 I say, therefore, what I know.
Bcmie the compromise measuies we re passed,
during their pendency—during the time when
Texas was so much alarmed about the bill, which
my friend [Mr. Howard] had to change his vote
to get passed—General Scott was as anxious for
the passage of the compromise measures, as my
friend from Texas. I know that after the passage,
lie is as true, as firm, and as unyielding a fnend,
to the measures, as the gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Howard,] or myself.
Mr. OUTLAW. I would like to know from
my colleague, [Mr. Stanly,] why General Scott,
if he is a compromise man, does not say so?
Mr. 8TAJVLY. That b a strange question
from my colleague. He knows as well as I do,
that General Scott is in favor of the compromise
measures. But, sir, as to why he does not say
so, I suppose there are ways by 'which everybody
regulate their own affairs. Each general has his
own notion of propriety about the manner of act-
ing; and I think G-enerel Scott would descend from
the hisrh position which becomes him, and would
act tin"unworthy part, if he were to write letters
every ten days to everv popinjay politician of every
cross-road and dram-shop in the country^ who
mi°"ht address him a letter, and asks his opinion.
That he will srive a full and satisfactory answer to
the National Convention, and that his position will
be so plain that no one can misunderstand it, (
have no more doubt about than that 1 am now
living. Whether that National Conversion shall
nominate that man whom both my colleague and
T pvtre~. o1" any other, I think I can sately say he
not have my support, if my colleague, with
j the honorable and patriotic motives that always j
| animate him, cannot also support the nominee,
j Mr. OUTLAW. The gentleman from North :
t Carolina [Mr. Stanly] seems to think that it is a :
i strange question I askjhim. Well, in response !
I to that, tne gentleman well knows the position i
I occupy upon this subject. I will vote for no man
| for the Presidency, or the Vice Presidency of the
i United States, who is not publicly pledged, so
; that there can be no mistake about it, that he will
maintain each and all of those measures, as a final
adjustment of the slavery question. Nor am I
satisfied, nor will my constituents be satisfied, by
declarations made to individuals in private con-
versation. They wish to judge for themselves of
the extent to winch he is committed to the main-
tenance and upholding of these compromise meas-
j| ures. WhenGeneral Scott shall make that public
declaration, I shall be able to judge, and every-
: body else will be able to judge how far he is com-
I mitted to maintain them as a final settlement.
! Mr. STANLY. I agree to all that, except
i what my colleague may think about the pledge.
■ I rather prefer a man's past life and high charac-
ter for patriotism, truth, and honor, u> pledges.
• He signed a pledge durmg the hist Congress,
; which 1 did not sign. I do not .sign temperance
; pledges. I will not do so, because i think it
I wrong to pledge to man that I will not sin. 1
| will not put my name to a paper to say that i w ill
| not lie, nor steal, nor drink, but I object to no
' man's signing a pledge about anything. If that
j is what my colleague [Mr. Outlaw] means, by a
| pledge, I hope General Scott will never give one.
| But if he means by it, his expressing his full opm-
j' ions, witnout any reserve, and without any mis-
!: take, there is no difference between us upon that
point,and my colleague will be satisfied, as 1 will,
j I repeat, my preferences are like those of my col-
i league. 1 have said, and I say again,' it is uue to
I General Scott's character—worth more to him than
! the Presidency—that he should not allow his upm-
i ions upon great questions at issue to be misun-
: derstoud. ft is due to the country, as well as to ;
I himself. And I venture the prediction, if General j
■ Scott nominated, Ins opinions will be a« dis- ;
1 tinctly known to the public, as they have been to j
! all persons who have conversed wi'iihim. I have
no doubt, after the nomination, { shall ht side by
side wiih mv colleague, or mtbrr, m my proper
place, mllowmg his lead.
j1 Mr. OUTLAW. I shah be happy to sec ihut
i: prediction, when it is furthcoming. But conii-
i uence is a plant of slow growth, it is not a part
|; of my political creed to render my confidence
I without knowing thegrounds upon which it is ren-
\\ dered. And! toll my colleague, [Mr. Stanly,]
ilthat when 1 signed that pledge it was nothing
i, more than a declaration. I was elected upon that
! ground to a seat upon this floor, and 1 appeal io
II nim, if he, too, was not elected a member of this
j: Congress upon the express giound that he would
vote for no man for the Presidency or Vice Presi-
hdency who would not uphold these compromise
measu.-e*. I ask him if he did not fight the battle
j - against tnose who were opposed to this settlement/
°Mr. STANLY. Thalldid;and Ltoldmycon-
[, stituents that I wou'd rather have tho support'of
!'any honest Union Democrat than of any ^eces-
ji siomst scoundrel who advocated the dissolution of
•.the Union from opposition to the compiomise
I measures, no matter how good a Whig he might
i1 pretend to be. i said ail that; and I have no more
ii doubt of General Scott's opinion upon the com-
■1 promise oue&tinn than 1 would of my colleague s,
II 'Mr. outl<\w,j if he hod not just expressed h.
j: L Mr. GOODRICH. I was present m caucus
j last night, and I can answei the question which
\' the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard] nas
I] put. * 1 was there from the commencement to the
close. The only reason given for ruling the reso-
j, lution out of order last night was the same which
!; has been assigned in this .House for laying the
: same resolution upon the table in the Democratic
j caucus at the commencement of the session; to
! wit: that it belonged to the National Convention.
! No other reason was given.
Mr. HOWARD, i have only to say that, for
; general national purposes, that was only a sio^ie
! resolution; but that they should have adopted^
| at the first caucus, and made it an issue beiore the
! country, and repudiated itatthe second,can have
only one explanation, and that is, that they have
j{ repented of what they have done, and intend to
take a new position. I infer that from the facts
1 have stated.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman indulge me
for only a moment?
Mr.'HOWARD. Very well., They say free
confession is good for the soul.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand the gentleman
from Texas to ask—and it is a question in which
i am somewhat interested, and for that reason I
answer it—why,in a caucus of fifty-one members,
we adopted that resolution, and subsequently repu-
diated it in the House of Representatives by only
seven Whig votes from the North?
[Cries: "No!" "No!" "That is not the
pomt."]
Mr. BROOKS. \ only want to get at the gen-
tleman's question. I understand him to ask why
it was that, in a Whig caucus of fifty-one mem-
bers at the opening of the session, we adopted the
compromise resolutions, and why we subsequently
ji had this action m the House, m which there ap-
pear only seven Northern Whig votes? 1 will
fell the gentleman the reason, and it will unfold
to him the whole story, and it may as well be "
unfolded. In the prior caucus we had no record
made; and it was then the settled policy of the
Whig party that the compromise measures were
to he final. Subsequent to that time it has been
found to be the interest of a portion, or supposed
to be die inreiest of a portion, of the great body of
the Wing party North, and a portion of the Whig
j party South, to repudiate that compromise.
I it!
[Cries: "That is it!" That is it!" "That is
"j *>
But when there was a resolution introduced into
ji this House, upon the part of the Southern Whigs,
ij a resolution to support the Whigs of the North,
j] who were compromise national Whigs—and thai
11 resolution was introduced here by the honorable
j! gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Hillyer]—all our
jjiiwutn wavered, because the Southern Whig_ col-
umn wavered, and did not stand by us national
ij Whi^s; and the cry was of Napoleon at Water*
;i Inn, *• Take care of himself who can." For, if
the whole Southern column would not stand by
i'l the Nouhern conservative Whi^s, it was useless
ji to tijiht .Southern battles o;i Northern ground.
'! Hence, when the gentleman fr  m Georgia [Mr.
■ UimaukI introduced his resolution here, the cry
:i of ewry Northern man was, {; Save himself who
Ij can." tfo the iccord was reversed,and there were
' i'l an id hut seven Northern Whi^s voting for the
jl finality of the compromise.
ij That is the resolution of the sub -equerttcaucus.
i' In the organization of the Whig caucus, held last
,, nisjiit, we were not permitted to approach a dis-
I mission of that subjeot. (Jpon a resolution, in a
|( Wing caucus, called for Whig purposes, it was
ji held to be out of order to speak'of the compro-
mise, or even io agitate the subject, until we had
:j decided upon the time and place—is thot a mis-
j| take?—for the meeting of the Convention; but"
(| there Htood behird those leady, the moment we
;j had fixed upon the time and place, fo adjourn,and
:l ml'nrd us no opportunity to vote upon the compro-
ij mise resolutions at all.
!i [Great confusion in the Hall.]
j i\Ir. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. WiU t,he gentle-
! man allow roe to say a word ?
! Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I only desire to corrcct the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] I do
not come here to testify in relation to this matter
; !U<>!!; hut I desire that what information may be
d eommunimfed with reference to what was done in
j the caucus last msrht, shall ue correct. The gen-
,i tlem.ui from Ne-y York is misu-ken in his state-
, mem of what was tho decision of the Chair las*
i e\emn£. A proposition was presented to the
; caucus, fixing the time and place fur the holding
li of the National Whig Com ention. A substitute to
j that resolution was then offered, imbodying the
' c,ue«-uon of the finality of the compromise. The
presiding officer decided, notwithstanding the
proposition submitted as a substitute might, or
ought not, be entertained at another stage of the
proceedings, that it was not germane to the reso-
lution then before that body; that it was not per-
tinent to the t>rc-position for the fixing of the time
and place of holding the convention. That was
the decision of the Chair; arid while I am up,
5 a'dow me to correct the gentleman, or rather to
make a statement which he has omitted; which
i is, that while the Chair was sustained in that d^
