1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
cision, gentlemen from the North, from the South,
from the East, and the West, expressly declared
their opinion for and against the resolution; and
that they did not at all desire to shirk it, but that
when it was introduced at the proper time as an
independent, substantive proposition, they were
willing to entertain it; that they were willing to
propose such modifications or amendments as they
might see proper, embracing other questions.
That is the history of the matter. That is the
reason why it was properly ruled out of order, as
any similar resolution would be in this, or any
other deliberative body.
Mr. STANLY. Will my friend from Texas
allow me a little while ?
Mr. HOWARD. Be brief, if you please.
Mr. STANLY. I will be brief. fhe gentle-
man himself has called us out. Now, sir, there
was no rejection in the Whig caucus of this com-
promise resolution, and there never has been any.
There has been no Southern Whig waiving or re-
pudiatingthe compromise measures. I know of but
one called a Southern Whig who ever has voted
against this compromise resolution—but one—one
of my colleagues, [Mr. Clingman,] who left the
caucus last night, as he stated a moment ago.
Is there another Southern Whig who has voted
against those resolutions? Where is the man ? I
do not know, nor have I ever heard of him. Yet
the gentleman from New York says that, the cause
of the proceeding alluded to was the faltering, the
wavering of Southern Whigs. How did they
falter? 1 deny, most emphatically, an4 as posi-
tively as courtesy will admit, the statement made
by the gentleman from New York. The gentle-
man takes the whole Southern Whig party under
his protection, and because we do not follow his
lead, he seems to think that he is to be sacrificed—
bound and taken to the altar—that he is to be sac-
rificed because we do not follow his dictation,and
regulate our conduct according to his manifestoes
and his lead; that the compromise measures are all
lost, unless all Southern Whigs implicitly obey
his mandate.
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot yield further to al-
low the gentleman to go into an argument.
Mr. STANLY. I wish, then, only to say that
there was no rejection of the compromise resolu-
tion. But one Southern Whig was against it.
We invited gentlemen to come and go for it. If
the gentleman who left had staid, we would, as I
believe, have adopted the resolution submitted by
the gentleman from Tennessee. What the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] states, is cor-
rect. There was no intention to prevent discus-
sion; but we did not intend to allow the caucus to
be broken up, without recommending time and
place.
Mr. BROOKS. One word in reply. This mat-
ter of parliamentary law I will not undertake to
discuss, but it is a fact—and the intelligent people
of this country will understand it—that in a Whig
caucus the Whig compromise resolution of the
caucus which met at the opening of this Congress
was introduced, action asked upon it, and it was
ruled out of that Whig caucus as not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope that I may
be allowed to add 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" and great con-
fusion.]
Mr. STANLY, (the confusion having sub-
sided,) obtained the floor and said: The gentleman
from New York, 1 feel authorized to sny, has >
written letters announcing, in advance, the inten- 1
tion of some persons to leave that caucus before
the thing was done. I got my authority from the
New York Express.
Mr. BROOKS. Where is it?
Mr. STANLY. ^ Does the gentleman deny he
wrote it? Here it is in the New York Express,
[holding up that paper,] which I have received this
morning. I have shown it to eight or ten gentle-
men, and it has been admitted by all of them to
contain the argument, and some of the very ex-
pressions, verhum verba, used by the gentleman
from New York last night in the caucus, and like
those made by him here to-day. The article is
contained in the paper which I hold in my hand.
Mr. BROOKS. Has the gentleman no other
authority than that?
Mr. STANLY. Does the gentleman deny it?
Mr. BROOKS. I do, from the beginning to the
eivl, and, before high Heaven, in the presence of
God, I say I wrote not one word of that letter.
Mr. STANLY. Did you not see it before it
was sent ? Did you adopt or approve it?
Mr. BROOKS. I will reply to the gentleman's
question. The person by Whom that letter was
written submitted it to me. It contained harsh ex-
pressions against the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Stanly,] which I demanded should be
stricken out.
Mr. STANLY. I do not thank the gentleman
for so doing, for he approved what remained.
Mr. BROOKS. A considerable portion I caused
to be erased. For not a sentence of that letter do
I hold myself responsible in any degree, nor for
one word or syllable of it. There are sentiments
in that which 1 have expressed, which are my
sentiments, and of gentlemen with whom 1 asso-
ciate, and to which, at all times and upon all oc-
casions, in social circles, I give expression.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman has confessed
that the letter was submitted to him and corrected
by him. What motive his correspondent could
have to assail me, as 1 do not know him and never
injured him, I cannot imagine. What kindness
there was in erasing will appear by reading what
is left.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman's allegation was
that 1 wrote a letter announcing my intention to
leave the Whig caucus.
Mr. STANLY. That the letter was written by
the gentleman's authority and consent he has con-
fessed.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman stated that I
wrote a letter announcing my intention 
Mr. STANLY. No, sir; letters written by
your authority and consent. It was then your
letters in your paper announcing the intention of
some persons 
Mr. HOWARD. I would like to hear what is
going on. Let the gentlemen speak one at a time,
and I have no objection to giving way. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WASHBURN. Will my friend from
Texas permit me for one moment'
Mr. HOWARD. I think that I have as much
of this as I want. The evidence is pretty full.
[Cries of " No 1" " No!" " Let him go on!"]
Mr. HOWARD. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURN. Refei*ence has been made
by the honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] to the caucus of the Whig members of the
House, held at the commencement of the session,
and, also, to that held last night. He has said
that at the former the compromise measures were
affirmed, and that they were repudiated at the lat-
ter; that the Whig party North were then in favor
of them, and are now against them, and he alleged
that this change had been wrought by considera-
tions growing out of the altered condition of af-
fairs in regard to the Presidency. 1 wish to repel
this allegation. 1 was present at both caucuses,
and occupied the samegroundat both. The Whigs
of the North, I have no hesitation in saying, and
the Whig members of Congress from the North,
hold the same opinions and occupy the same posi-
tion to-day respecting those measures, that they
held on the first day of the session.
Mr. PHELPS. What was that position ?
Mr. WASHBURN. I will answer if I have
time. Their course and their aim has been to
restore harmony and peace. There are those
! among them who approved of those measures, and
J those, also, who sincerely disapproved of some of
them. They would not—certainly the latter would
not—oppose the nomination or election of any man
j to the Presidency because he differs from them in
i opinion concerning these measurps. They would
: not oppose Mr. Fillmore, Mr. Webster, or Gen-
j eral Scott, or any man, North or South, simply
! for the reason that they do not agree with them as
j to the wisdom or propriety of the compromise.
; [Cries of Order! order!] They will allow men to
! differ on this subject; they know that men from
; different sections, and from the same section of
i the country, will differ upon questions growing
out of the institution of slavery. But this I may
: safely say—they will not consent that the Whig
| party shall be denationalized by the introduction
! of any new test of political orthodoxy. Thev will
i never consent that the finality of the compromise
i measures shall be made a part of the Whig creed;
| and any candidate, whether he be General Scott
| or any other man, who insists upon that, or who
| is nominated by a convention which affirms or
I requires it, cannot, in my judgment, obtain the
vote of a single Northern State—not one. Gen-
tlemen may as well understand this first as last.
If we are to exist as a party, it must be upon a
platform on which men of all sections of the
country can stand together, without any sacrifice
of opinion, of principle, or of honor; and not upon
one which may well hold men of all parties in one
section, and exclude all m another. Gentlemen
should remember that if they can make a test of
this kind, it will be equally competent for others
to make tests in reference to the same general sub-
ject—they yield the question of jurisdiction and
make slavery a national affair.
Mr. HOWARD. I want to know whethermy
friend from Maine, and his party in Maine, are
opposed to any modification of the fugitive slave
law; and whether they are in favor of enforcingit?
Mr. WASHBURN. They will not agitate for
its repeal or modification when agitation can be
but useless or mischievous. They have not come
here with petitions. I have made no inflammatory
speeches, and shall make none 
Here Mr. HOWARD claimed the floor.
[Cries all over the Hall of "Order!" <{Oj:-
der!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is called
to order. This discussion is not in order. The
Chair has permitted it by common sufferance, and
if no member of the committee interposes against
it, the Chair hereafter will deem it his duty to ar-
Mr. DURKEE. It will break up both parties.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. My object in yielding to the
gentleman from Maine was to obtain some testi-
mony—some facts in relation to the caucus.
Mr. WASHBURN. It was my desire to sat-
isfy the gentleman.
Mr. HOWARD. Of facts his speech will be
found extremely barren. The Whig party, with
which he is connected, is opposed to political or-
thodoxy, if I understand his explanation.
Mr. WASHBURN. They are very much in
favor of political orthodoxy.
Mr. HOWARD. Theyare opposed to making
an explicit avowal of their opinions.
Mr. WASHBURN. They are opposed to
making 
[Great confusion. Cries of "Order!" "Or-
der!"]
Order having been restored—
Mr. HOWARD resumed. From all the state-
ments made by our friends on the other side,
the Whigs have changed their party tactics. It
appears that they were, at the commencement of
this Congress, in favor of the compromise meas-
ures, and that they now find it expedient to go
against them, or at least to give them the go by.
The expression of the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Stanly,] makes that conclusion man-
ifest. He said that he hoped General Scott never
will condescend to pledge himself upon the subject
of the compromise measures.
Mr. STANLY. To signing pledges.
Mr. HOWARD. I have only to say, in rela-
tion to that subject, that it must be sufficiently ap-
parent to an intelligent public, that the man for the
first office in the world, who comes before twenty-
five millions of freemen, and is above stating the
principles which he himself entertains, must live
in a region of pride far above republican institu-
tions, or he must intend to cheat and gull those
who take him upon trust.
Mr. STANLY. Nobody said that.
Mr. HOWARD. But what is the history of
this matter? The nomination is to be made.
Under this miserable pretense of parliamentary
rule, a resolution of approval was ruled out of
order, when it was known that the decision was
to be a test of party action. What is parliament-
ary law? What is it here upon political ques-
tions ? It is precisely what a majority of the
House choose to make it, and if there is anything
for which I hold supreme contempt, it is the par-
liamentary law of this House. But in relation
to this subject, what does every man of sense
know? He knows this,that the objectof starting
that parliamentary law by a Whig "President of a
Whig caucus, the object of ruling it out of order,
has no other motive and purpose than that of
stifling all inquiry and action directly upon the
resolution which was" intended to evoke and elicit
p^rty action. I feel that I should be insulting the
intelligence of the country, if I contended for §uch
