1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
a position,and I am astonished that a man so bold
as my friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,]
should take shelter behind a question of order in
relation to a matter which involves the interests of
the whole country.
Mr. STANLY. I will tell my friend why: I
believed there was a design to break up and have
no National Convention at all. That is the reason.
I thought the people sent us here not to instruct
their representatives in the National Convention
in doctrine, but in caucus, to recommend time and
place for holding the National Convention. That
body will attend to their own appropriate duties.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me say to the gentle-
man, what I would say in reference to my own
party, that if, instead of giving a clear and explicit
pledge, it took shelter behind an unimportant par-
liamentary rule, which can have no existence m a
caucus of a political character, that the party de-
served to be broken up, for it has nothing worth
preserving to hold it together; and the party who
wish to administer the Government, must be des-
titute of any lofty, sound principle, that will take
shelter behind a question of that sort.
Mr. STANLY. Let the gentleman look to the
Democratic Convention, as 1 will to the Whig
Convention; and then if he, and I, and Southern
men are not satisfied, we may stand shoulder to
shouldei*.
Mr. HOWARD. I am glad tohearthegentle-
man indicating that wish. But it looks inauspi-
cious at a time like this, when it is necessary to
settle principles upon which a great canvass is to
be conducted, anu upon the assertion of which a
great majority of the country looks to for the per-
petuity of our institutions, to be quibbling about
parliamentary rules, dodging questions,and refus-
ing to answer. This is not the way to address
freemen in a free country, which depends for its
existence upon the representative principle. With
out knowing the opinions of men who are candi-
dates for office, it is impossible to administer the
Oovernment according to its theory, because the
theory is, that the people shall administer the
Government. The theory on the other side of
the House, so far as it has been developed, is not
that the people shall administer the Government,
but that the trustees—the officers shall be taken
upon trust, without expressing their opinions; and
then after they succeed in being elected, that they
shall be governed by temporary expedients in the
administration of a Government of a Democratic
cast and character.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD said that he had not yet
touched upon the argument he intended to deliver.
He would avail himself, however, of the privilege
■extended to others of writing out his remarks.
[His remarks wiirt>e published hereafter.]
Mr. MOLONY obtained the floor, but gave way
to
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, who moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was put, and carried in the affirm-
ative.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 7, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Upon motion by Mr. JONES, the House then
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petition*, memorial*, &c., were prosf>nte<l
undei the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
Hv Mr. CABELL, of Florida: The petition of Joseph M,
Hernandez, for himself and others, asking the passage of a
law to insure the fulfillment of certain stipulations of the
tieaty ceding Florida to the United States.
II v Mr. EASTMAN : The petition of L. H. Johnson for
additional compensation for taking the census.
By Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania: The resolutions of
the hoard of commissioners of Northern Liberties of Phila-
delphia, against a further grant of money to the Collins
steameis.
AKo, nvo memorials from the printers of Philadelphia,
in fnvor of the establishment of a national printing ofiice.
By Mr. YATES: The petition of citizens of Woodfoid
and MoClean counties, for the establishment of a mail route
from Bloomington to Spring Bay.
AI«o, the petition of H. N. Marsh for extra compensation
for taking the Seventh Census.
Also, the petition of Joseph C. Howeli for the same pur-
pose.
Also, the petition of Moses Shepherd for the same pur-
pose,
Also, the petition of A. C. Hardin and others, for a grant j
of lands to the State of Illinois, to aid in the construction ,
of the Burlington, Peoria, and Lafayette railroad. I
Also, the petition of L. A. Cunningham and others, for j
the same purpose. !
Also, the petition of John O. Fallon, president of the Ohio ,
and Mississippi Railroad Company, lor a grant of land-' to '
the Stale of Illinois for a raihoad from Ilhnoistown, on the i
Mississippi, to Vincennes, on the Wabash. j
Also, the petition of Luther M. Keimet, mayor, ami the
aldermen of St. Louis, to leunbursc that city for moneys
expended by the corporate authorities in removing ob.struc- !
tionsm the haibor of St. Louis. j
AI o, the petition of B. Kellogg and others, of Tazewell i
county, against the extension of the YVoodworth patent for j
a planing machine. I
Also, the petition ofL. L. Bullock, president of the Buel i
Institute, Gianville, Putnam county, Illinois, for the estab-
lishment of an Agricultural Bureau.
By Mr. GREEN. The petition of R. It. Sloane and oth-
ers, for the extension of the mail route fiom Fremont to
Port Clinton, to Ottowa Citv, Ohio.
By Mr. FOWLER: The remonstrances of Daniel Fill-
mons, Henry IJaylte, and 51 other members of Providence
conference, (of the Methodist Episcopal Chuich,) against
the reestabh.shment of flogging m the Navy.
By Mr. SCITDDER: The petition of Joseph C. Delano
and other*, of New Bedfoid, Massachusetts, asking for
light-boats to be placed on Mmot's Ledge, and the south
shoal of Nantucket.
Also, that a buoy boat may be placed near the shoals
called the Bass and Great Rips.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jlpril 22, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESJDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, relative to the state of affairs in Oregon,
growing out of a conflict of opinion among the
authorities of that Tenitory in regard to the loca-
tion of the seat of government of the Territory;
which was read, referred to the Committee on the
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of State, com-
municating statements showing the number of
passengers who arrived in the United States from
30th of September, 1850, to 1st of January, 3852;
which was read, and ordered to be laid on the
table.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, Lieutenant Williamson's report and sur-
vey in reference to the Unipqua and lloque rivers;
which was read, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
PERSONAL AND POLITICAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MANGUM. I desireagain to throw my-
self on the indulgence of the Senate for the space
of five minutes. When a man begins to speak of
himself, he generally becomes garrulous, and oc-
cupies a good deal of time; but I will be very
short, Mr. President; I will limit myself to five
minutes.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent.
Several Sekators. Go on.
Mr. MANGUM. A newspaper was placed
in my hands by a friend yesterday—a paper that
I am not accustomed to read—in which 1 find a
violent, unjustifiable, and a most atrociously inju- ;
rious personal assault made upon me. Here it h:
Washington, Jiprill7.
The ptevidential movements here continue to be the en-
"io«sine topics, and they absorb all other matters of inter-
est.' It ism vain to disguise facts, and to face them alwajs
is true heroism.
An impression prevails—be it true or not, it is yet the
impression—that Mr. Senator Mangum made the speech
in the Senate he has made in consequence of the lure
of the Vice Presidency on the Scou ticket; and an im-
pression pievails that a like lure is held out lo Mr. Senator
Jones of Tennessee, in consequence of which is the divis-
ion manifested among the Southern Wings m Congress. I
must not be censured f<u wilting you of the existence of this
impression. I did not oroatoit. it is mv Jxmnden duty, as
vour correspondent, to write you not only tacts, but wide-
spread rumors affecting public men; and when these rumors
are put bv me into print, I but confer an obligation in giving
them a reason to contiadictin public what is everywhere
whi-peringin pnvate. The lumor and the belief among 1
many, therefore, is, that at supper patties and at dinner par-
ties acoahtion has been formed between Mi. Mangum and
ex-Governor Sswutd on one side, involving others on their ^
respective sides, that with General Scott, as the unwritmgor j
unwritten candidate for the North, is to he ruriMr. Maaoum
South, or Mr. Jones, with the distribution ot other high
offices among their followeis m Noith Carolina, and Ten- ,
nesse, and Kentucky. Hence this astonishing coalition .
Mr.'Mangum was selected, rumor adds t0 preside over |
the Whig Congressional caucus at a private meeting, where '
Governor Seward was the prominent spirit, and it wa&thete ,
determined that the Whig compromise resolution ol the j
first Congressional caucus should be ruled out of order.
All this may be most untrue, and I indorse not one word of
it; but such rumors are as cunent in the Washington cir-
cles as any item of news in circulation. I have before me
names of men alleged to have been present at these pnvate
dinner and supper caucuses, but u is not my business to in-
vade social circles further than a> ihey produce public meas-
ures. The Scott speeches agreed upon in these caucuses
to follow Mr. Mangum, from Tennessee and North Caro-
lina, and to baek hnn up, will soon tell what I need not
write,.
It i* agieed, too—and Mr. Mangum's speech already dis-
closes it—that the Wlu'g compromise resolution of the early
Congressional caucus is to be repudiated, not only for the
coming Congressional caucus, by being ruled out of order,
but in the Whig National Convention, repudiated as uncalled
for and unnecessary also. Some of the Southern Whigs
in this new movement insist upon it, that the waiving of the
issue now l* but Us adjournment to a more fitting body—the
Whig National Convention—and such of them as are in
earnest (for s-oine of them are) arc but dupes, as dupes
they should be. The whole compromise, as a " finality,"
i-* to have the go-by, then, in the convention, and such is
the supper and dinner caucus understanding among the
high contracting parties, and the go-by it will have and
should have m the present position of things. 1 Vkyl I
think I hear you a<?k, m astonishment. Why ? Hear me,
then, and I will tell you why.
We Northern Whigs can never ficrhtfor Southern con-
stitutional rights on Northern giound, if Southern men aban-
don u->. The provision in the Constitution for the surrender
of fugitive slaves is to us a mo«t unpopular, often a mo«t
revolting and shocking duty; but it is a duty imposed upon
us by the Constitution, and as sacred—solemn a pait of that
instrument, as any othersection in it. If such leading men
as Mangum, Stanlv, Jones of Tennessee, or any portion of
Kentucky, ever abandon us when we struggle m the North
for the unquestioned, unquestionable rights of the Southern
State , we must tall before the unpopularity of the fugitive
slave provision ot the Constitution. We cannot stand up
for men who refuse to *tand up for themselves. We have
no earthly interest in protecting the odious parts of the Con-
stitution, surrendered by the South itself. We will never
be the catchers of negroes that North Carolina men or Ken-
tucky men do not want. If we can evade that provi«ion of
the Constitution by Southern acquiescence, we most as-
suredly will. Stave catching, next to slave trading, is
thought bj mo^t people to hujho meanest of all dccupations.
We Wings who, in the North, have sacrificed omselves,
our popularity, out power, to piescrve the consecrated in-
strument as George Washington and a John Adams be-
queathed us, are absolved from all obligations to continue
this self-sacrifice when such men as Messrs. Mangum,
Stanly, Jones, and others, acting for their States, acquit us
from the contract.
Ami why should we continue this sacrifice ? Answer yo
me that, Messrs, Editors. You have given the country
from Western New York an anti-slavery man for Presi-
dent, whose education, every feeling of whose nature, be-
yond all doubt, was and is anti-slavery, but who, upon
becoming Picsident, and taking the oath faithfully to ad-
mnustei the Government unde.r the Constitution, remem-
bered there was a South as well as a North, and who now,
fortius remembrance only, is assailed by all the violence
of abolition, assisted even in tins assault by such men a-*
Mr. Mansrum in his echoes of what they say, viz: thatMr,
Fillmore "is unavailable among the Whigs of the North, and
in the demand of his immolation therefor. This Southern
man admits, in his own State, that Mr. Fillmore is preferred
above all others, but he advances the extrajudicial dictum
that he is not available in the land of his boyhood and birth,
and that the State which has hitherto crowned him with its
highest honors, will now turn its back upon him. Why,
however, it may be asked, I suppose, can he not carry
Northern Wing votes,—an averment, by the way, as un-
founded as cruel in Mr. Mangum's mouth—why, (if admit-
ted, ) because he has been faithful to the Constitution and to
the South, as well as to the North. We see in Mr. Fill-
more, therefore, (and the same may be said of Mr. Wpb-
ster, for their course is one,) Northern men sacrificed by #
Southern men, and sacrificed by Southern men, too, be-
cause, in obedience to then oaths to support the Constitu-
tion, tbev have supported in good faith that provision of it
which secures the rights of the South.
The path of duty, therefore, for Northern National Whigs,
if Mi. Mangum and his followers persist m their course,
and are ^iti^fied at home, or even by divisions at home, is
clear; and that path is, to let the South take care of itself,
its fugitive slaves and all. If Southern men encourago the
reopening or thekeopingopen the anti-slavery issues, why,
let the reopening come, and if slavery be an institution that
cannot stand the test of law, or religion, or populai opin-
ion, it must tumble down. If Mr. Mangum can embrace
m caucus, Governor Sewai^ fresh from the Bloomer anti-
slavery deinonstiations of jPburn, andThaddetis Stevens,
with hands red with the blood of the Goi^uch murder m
Christiana, without any definition of principles—nay, de-
claring them all as out of order—why cannot > on, the edit-
ors of the Express? T see no reason why you Noitheru
Whigs, who, as forlorn hopes, have led on even the Demo-
cratic columns from the eirors of the Wilmot proviso to the
defence of the Constitution and the Laws, should act as
foilorn hopes any moio. When the Southern generals-m
chief are deserting you on the field of battle, you would be
fools to be leading foilorn hopes in their behalf. There are
peuods in politics, as in war, when to surrender is a duty
as well a* di'cietion. I counsel no suriend^r now, how-
ever, but more vigilant action than e<er unul it is settled
whether Mr. Manauni leads, or even divides the South.
New York and New England Whigs of the national faith
should ^tand by their principles, :ind such exponents of them
as Mr. Fillmore and Mr. Webster! as long a* the Southern
Whigs are true in mass; but if the Southern Whig regi-
ment even stagger, or begin to stagger, sauve qvipeutbe
the cry Mr. Mangum, howevei, it is believed, will soon
be put hors du combat. . .
Geneial Scott will cettamly be nominated President m
the Whig National Convention, if the Southern Wings di- *
vide between him and any Northern man, and °f
can be no doubt; or, vice versa, if the Southern W lugs are
united, Mr. Fillmore or Mr. Webster will be tlie man. If
