2024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
Mr. CHANDLER. If the prices—as in 1819
—include paper, then it makes a great difference
in the printing, as to what land of paper is pur-
chased; and when Congress reserves to itself the
right of supplying such paper as it needs—such
paper as it desires to have its documents printed
on, it takes from the printer the chance of aug-
menting- his profits, by supplying us with paper
of an inferior quality, and consequently it behooves
us, as we would wish to do right, and give him a
fair profit, to give somewhat more for the compo-
sition when he is not to have a profit from sup-
plying us with inferior paper, or the profit which
may be secured by a skillful and lawful watch-
ing of the paper market. 1 believe that is the
pioper view of the matter.
Mr. ORR. I wish to make a suggestion which
"wili throw additional light on what has been said
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania- The gen-
tleman from North Carolina refers to the prices of
3819, and says that he understands from there-
marks of the gentleman from Kentucky, that
twenty per cent, deducted from the prices of 1815)
would still leave a very high rate. According to
a calculation which I made this morning, the
prices for composition are about twenty per cent,
below those of J81i>. Now, the composition is
meiely a manual, mechanical operation, and of
course the labor is as high now as it was in 1819,
perhaps higher. But the prices for press-work,
stitching, and folding in this bill, are about sixty
per cent, below the prices of 1839.
Mr. MARSHALL. Some idea may be formed
of the difference m the rates, when I say that we
pay $7 81 for press-work which cost $21 under
the law of 3819. From this $21 you must deduct
the cost of the paper, in order to get the exact dif-
ference.
The bill contains a variety of details for which,
of course, the committee do not claim any origin-
ality. We have taken them from the suggestions
of practical printers. We have not allowed what
printers call " broadsides," in the public printing,
and for which they charge enormous prices. We
have directed that the matter shall be put into oc-
tavo pages, and that the small nonpareil type
shall be used, when necessary, for that purpose.
Feeling no interest m this matter except a desire
to promote the public interest, I have submitted
to the House my own judgment, under all the
lights 1 could obtain. I should not be at all sur-
prised if, after two or three years' experience, it
should turn out to he a system as full of errors as
othos we have fried. But 1 have acted for the
best, and with an honest desii e on the part of the
committee to make those reforms in the law
which will be most calculated to check abuses, yet
to subwrve the public welfare. The task has been
an unwelcome one, and the bill which is the result
we submit now for the judgment of the 1 louse.
Mr.CLlNGMAN. I desire to ask either the
gentleman who sits before me, [Mr. Haven,] or
the gentleman from Kentucky, (Mr. At vurham.,]
to give a short statement to the I louse of the com-
parative rates in this bill and that we have been
iiiscuKsing, introduced by the chairman of the
Committee on Priming, [Mr. Gorman,J and those
paid to Gidum & Co. and Doiielson & Arm-
strong?
'Mr. ITA.VBN. Mr. Speaker, so far as I am
f ble, f will answer the question of the gentleman
fioai North Carolina, [Mr. Cijnoman.] I cannot
give, in detail, all the information he asks for, but
1 can give some •information upon the subject.
Let me remark, in order that the House may un-
derstand the matter, for it has become somewhat
complicated, that the piir.es in the original bill,
now under consideration, being the bill introduced
by Air. Gorman, correspond with the rates
agreed upon m the contract entered into with Gid-
eon & Co. and with Donelson & Armstrong, to
remedy any neglect or delay in the execution of
the contract with Air. Hamilton. These contracts
of course provided for furnishing the paper by
the contractors, the same as is provided in the
contract with Hamilton; that is, the contractors
are to furnish the paper and printing at a given
prfe, to be paid the contractors. In Air. Gor-
man'5- bill the paper and printing are put to-
gether at a q-iven price, but the paper is to be fur-
nished by i he Government, and its cost deducted
from that iriven price, and the balance paid to the
printer: whilst in this hill, reported by the special
committee, the paper is to be purchased and paid
for by the Government, and the prices for printing
only are fixed and to be paid to the punter; and
in order to understand the comparison of the
prices, these facts must be kept in view.
The prices to be paid Gideon & Co. and Don-
elson & Armstrong for both printing and paper,
are precisely the same as those fixed by Mr.
Gorman's bill; in other words, their contracts and
Air. Gorman's bill are the same in price, and
hence, in answering the inquiry of the gentleman
from .North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] the com-
parison may be made between that bill and the
one from the special committee.
Now, upon turning to Air. Gorman's bill,
page two, line six, it will be found that for com-
position per page, octavo, the price is, 44 for small
pica, rule, $1 25," whilst, by turning to the spe-
cial committee's bill, page seven, line twenty-six,
it will be seen, for the same thing, the price is
$1 50, an increase of one sixth above the contract
prices of the committee with Gideon & Co. and
with Donelson & Armstrong.
Again, in the eighth line, on page two, of Air.
Gorman's bill, for composition per page, oc-
tavo, the price is, " for brevier rule, £1 75," whilst
by turning to the bill of the special committee,
page seven, line twenty-eight, it will be seen the
price there fixed for the same thing' is —an in-
crease of one eighth above the contract prices of
the committee and Air. Gorman's bill.
This rise in price is uniform upon the same
kind of work through all the five classes of print-
ing specified in Air. Gorman's bill. I cannot
tell what the aggregate of this increase would
amount to; that can only be determined by the
quantity of work done.
I have looked over these two hills carefully, and
I can find no instance where the bill of the special
committee falls below the prices of the contracts
with Gideon & Co. and Donelson & Armstrong,
or Air. Gorman's bill; but in such instances as 1
have mentioned it goes above them.
Mr. CLINGMAN obtained theiloor.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman from North Carolina permit me to say a few
words in further explanation of this matter, and to
correct the gentleman from New York in some of
his statements^ These items to which the gentle-
man refers,relateexclusively to thecomposificn,and
constitute comparatively an inconsiderable portion
of the woik. The type set up for one book will
answer for one hundred thousand. In some two
or three of these items, it is true, the two com-
mittees in their conferences agreed should be in-
creased, over and above the prices fixed in the bill
reported by Air. Gorm vn. But if the gentleman
had gone a little further, and examined the prices
provided in each bill to be paid for press-work, he
would have seen that the biliofthetwocommittees,
now before us as the substitute, reduces the press-
work down as low as thirty-two and n half cents.
Again, if he will examine the deductions for long
numbers in each bill, he will see that in the one
presented by Mr. Gorman, they amount to noth-
ing, while in the substitute they "are upon the bulk
of the printing as high as ticcnhj per cent. I will
turn to the two bills and compaie them.
Air. HA VEN. While the gentleman from Ken-
tucky is looking at his notes, 1 will remark, that
in relation to this reduction of from ninety-live
cents to thirty-two cents upon press-work, if he
will look into these bills, he will find that this re-
duction may be accounted for in the fact, that in
one case the contiactor furnishes the paper, and
in the other the Government furnishes it.
Air. STANTON. 1 am awaie that the cost
of paper is to be deducted. But a little calculation
will convince the gentleman that the cost of paper
added to the prices fixed for j  ess-work in the sub-
stitute, will not make them anything like equal to
the prices allowed in Mr. Gorman's bill. In his
bill the prices of press-work are regulated accord-
ing to the character of the job, and range at three
dollars and seventy-five cents, ninety-five cents,
and ninety cents. All these are higher than the
prices of 1819, which were uniform upon all kinds
of -work at eighty-seven and a half cents. In the
substitute they are also uniform, and reduced as
low as thirty-two and a half cents for all descrip-
tions of work. The cost of the paper, taken from
the prices of Mr. Gorman's bill, will not reduce
the cost of the work to anything like as low a
figure as we have fixed it in the substitute now
before the House.
Then take the deductions provided m the sub-
stitute for long numbers, and it will be seen that
they are much greater than in the bill of Mr. Gor-
man. They are as follows:
" When the number exceeds five thousand and does not
exceed ton thousand, two per centum.
" When the number exceeds ten thousand and does not
exceed twenty thousand, five per centum.
'•When the number e.-icoous twenty thousand, twenty
per centum."
In Air. Gorman's bill in no case does the de-
duction exceed five per centum. The difference be-
tween a deduction of five per cent, upon the cost of
eighty or ninety thousand copies of the Patent
Office Report, and twenty per cent., as provided
by the substitute, is a vast item, and will make a
very material difference m the aggregate of pay to
be received by the public printers.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is not necessary, I pre-
sume, that the gentleman from Kentucky should
go into all these items. 1 should like to a3k this
question: What difference will there be in the
printing of this Congress—for the gentleman can
form an idea of the amount—between the prices
proposed in the bill of the special committee and
the original proposition,about which we have had
so muchdiscussion here—1 mean the contract with
Gideon & Co. and Donelson & Armstrong? I
should like to know of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky whether there would be a difference m the
amount for the present Congress, and what the
diffeience would be?
Air. STANTON. I will answer the gentleman
very cheerfully as to what my judgment is upon
the subject. I believe that in consequence of the
reduction in the price of press-work, as I have
before explained, and the great difference in the
per cent, of deductions provided in the two bills,
the aggregate to be paid would be less, under the
substitute, than under the bill presented by Mr.
Gohmax. The prices contained in his bill are
identically the same as those contracted by the
Joint Committee on Printing to be paid to Donel-
son & Armstrong and Gideon & Co. The only
increase of rates over the prices fixed in those
contracts, provided by this bill, is upon a few
items of composition) being a very inconsiderable
portion of the work, while the reduction of the
prices of press-work, and deduction for long num-
bers, are upon the heaviest part of the public
printing, and make the provisions of the substitute
more favorable to the Government than the ori-
ginal bill. This is my judgment"upon the subject
of the gentleman's inquiry, and I have faith to
believe that it will be found correct.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, with the
consent of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clingman,] who still holds the floor, i de-
sire to say a word or two in relation to the bill
now before the House, in order, first, that the
prices in this bill may be the better understood, as
I think I can explain them, and, fuither, to do
justice to myself m the position I have previously
occupied upon the printing question during this
session. To illustrate, as far as I can—and I hope
I may do so intelligibly—from my limited experi-
ence upon the subject of printing, and information
I have been enabled to glean, candor compels me
to say that I regard this as an equitable bill. I
have taken some pains to ascertain the number of
ems" m a page of the different sizes of type
provided for, and to be used in printing documents
by this bill.
In the fust place, small pica plain, that is, un-
ruled, is provided for m this bill. There are six-
teen hundred ems of small pica plain to the page.
A Member. What do you mean by ems ?
Air. FLORENCE. It is a method the printers
have for measuring their work. They set up
the type at so much per thousand ems. It is meas-
ured by a certain rule the printers have, I do not
understand myself. I believe, however, it is one
thousand squares measured by the letter m type
of the font of which the matter is set up. The
price paid for the mere labor of composition would
be about sixty-six and two thirds cents per page.
According to this estimate, it would leave for the
printer elected according to the provisions of this
bill, for wear and tear of the type, superintending,
investment of capital, office rent, and other inci-
dentals to be provided for, about thirty-three and
one third per cent. In this is included the cost for
proof-reading, which is an important item in the
expenses of a well-regulated printing office. It
