1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
240
Houses of Congress failed? It is partly the fault
of the two Houses of Congress, but perhaps much
more the fault of the contractors themselves.
When the Thirtieth Congress, either by design or
neglect, tolerated Wendell & Van Benthuysen in
the violation of their contract—so grossly as they
violated it—they laid the axe at the root of the
tree; they laid the foundation for the complete sub-
version of the whole system. What followed? In
the case ofTrenholm& Belt, they underbideven the
prices of Wendell &. Van Benthuysen, who claimed
to have sustained under their contract, broken as
it was, a loss of about twenty thousand dollars.
What did they do? In consequence of the tolera-
tion that had been extended, in the violation of
their contract, to Wendell & Van Benthuysen,
they did exactly the same thing'. Then conies A.
Boyd Hamilton. It is no part of my business or
duty, or even of my right, as I am situated, to
prejudge his case; but 1 know perfectly well what
is to follow. We are not to have the documents
in proper season. Those that are laid on our
tables may be, perhaps, printed according to the
terms ofthe contract, or very nearly so; butin regard
to the long numbers, we have every reason to an-
ticipate the same violation of contract by him,
which we have tolerated in Wendell & Van Ben-
thuysen, and which, in the case of the last Con-
gress, we were about to compensate by an enor-
mous fortune—and would have done so had it not
been for my friend from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,]
who stepped in and performed the very unpleasant
task of objecting to it, at the last moment of the
last session of Congress. He thus successfully
resisted a measure which I can only characterize
as a most enormous outrage; though not so in-
tended by honorable Senators heie who favored
that measure, for I impeach the rectitude of no
man. Then it is absolutely necessary that we
should have some change m this system. But I
desire to say to my honorable friend from Indiana
that I am not for giving up the contract system,
though we can change it; and we ought to attend
to the modification of it immediately. Perhaps I
may feel it my duty, at the very next meeting of
the Senate, to introduce a resolution on this sub-
ject, charging the Committee on Printing with the
duty of considering what modification should be
made m this system. And I am willing to make
the resolution larger—to inquire whether we should
not repeal or set it aside entirely: for I wish no
limited inquiry on this sabjcct. But I will now in-
dicate what are my ideas in regard to the changeihat
should take place. I do it with the more freedom,
. because it will serve to illustrate my views in in-
troducing to the consideration of the Senate the
amendment which I have ottered to tins resolution.
I think we should separate the supply of paper
from the composition and press work. That is
the first step to be taken. Why should not the
United States furnish ita own paper? What has
been the difficulty with the execution of former
contracts? And what are to be the difficulties of
the present session of Congress ? They arise from
the mamiei in which we are cheated in paper; and
1 do not believe 1 use too harsh a term in connec-
tion with this subject. Let us furnish our own
paper. I want to know why we should be cheated
m paper? Why is it that adventurers can come
into this city—men who are not connected with
any establishment here—and underbid all the
local printers? It is because the bidding is not
merely on the composition and press work. The
party takes his pay on the composition and press
work. If the orders are for short numbers, com-
position and press work is to be high; if for long
numbers' composition and press work will be
comparatively low. The bidding being on the
press work and composition with a stipulation in
regard to the quality of the paper, the parties
who really intend to get the contract, and at the
same time cheat us out of the due performance of
it, come in and bid on composition and press work
at a very low rate: whereas, the proprietors of
the Union, the proprietors of the Intelligencer, the
proprietors of the Republic, and the proprietors of
the various job establishments m this city, such
as Towers','bid for the composition and press work
with the idea of performing the contract. But your
adventurer comes here and bids on composition and
press w ork at a low figure—below everybody
else—and then calculates to make up the difference
by supplyingakindofpaperutterly inferior. Thus
these adventurers get the means of taking con-
tracts. Now if we separate the supply of paper
from the composition and press work, they will
have no margin: they will have to bid for the thing
itself. As things now are managed they do not
bid on the composition and press work alone; but
combine it with the idea that they will cheat m the
paper. All we have got to do, is to furnish our-
selves with the paper. I am perfectly willing to
say to the honorable Senator from Indiana, that if
he will join with me in separating the supply of
paper from the composition and press work, I do
not care what he does with the composition and
press work. I think that strictly, it ought to be
let out to the lowest bidder; but 1 do not care two
straws, if it is distributed around among the
various printing establishments of the city; and if'
you are hard pressed for the want of a little sup-
port for a political organ, why I will indulge you
with a large slice; and you can take it all for
aught I care. The large fortune that has been
made by one concern in this city, has been piinci-
pally realized in the profit on paper. I do not
mean to accuse those gentlemen of cheating in the
paper; for I have no idea that they did so. And
if this plan be carried out", and a contract be made
with Donelson & Armstrong to do this great job
—they to furnish their own paper—if they do not
make a large fortune, I am greatly mistaken. One
hundred thousand dollars transferred from the pub-
he Treasury to their private coffers, would be the
very lowest figure which the amount of profits
would probably reach. If they do the work, I am
perfectly willing they should have a reasonable
profit. I am willing they should have a profit of
§5,000 or $10,000; and I would not find much fault
if it were to be §60,000; but when you come to
this business of handing over to men—I care not
who they are, whether they belong to the Union
office, the National Intelligencer office, or the Re-
public office—large fortunes, I object to it intoto.
It is of evil example.
Mr. Piesident, no man knows better than your-
self, that the idea has got to be somewhat rife in
the country, that men can come to Washington,
spend one or two winters here, and carry large
estates outof the city, obtained, too, from the Gov-
ernment. I have seen men about our public hotels
smoking cigars, and enjoying themselves in a va-
riety of ways, who come here and remain during
a few sessions of Congress, and return home with
large estates, obtained m prosecutingclaims before
the Departments, befoie Congress, and before
Commissioners here. When any man makes an
enormous amount of profit here, on anything, no
matter what it is, it brings a horde of people upon
us: it is ruinous m every shape and form; and is
doing infinite evil and infinite mischief to the coun-
try. I am utterly opposed to this system. I
have been m tiie habit of earning what little bread
1 have eaten by the sweat of my brow; and all of
us who are here in the two Houses of Congress,
I believe, earn pretty well the pittance we receive
in the form of compensation. When I am at
home, like other honorable members of this body,
I^Hvote myself to the duties of my profession,
and endeavor, with other citizens ofthe country,
to earn an honest livelihood. But I am totally op-
posed to this system of getting estates by filching
from the Government—coming here with enor-
mous claims for a quarter or a half million of dol-
lars, and dividing the plunder with influential and
able men, who are supposed to have an influence
with this Secretary, or that board of Commission-
ers. I say that is corrupt; it is of evil example;
and therefore i resist this scheme. It is not de-
signed, I know, to be a scheme of plunder, but I
venture to say it will result in plunder.
How is this contract to be enforced against
Donelson & Armstrong ? Suppose we enter into
stipulations with them, and they do not choose
exactly to perform them: suppose they do not
furnish as good paper as the contract requires
them to furnish: suppose they do not execute the
work m the time stipulated—how is the contract
to be enforced ? Is it to be believed that a politi-
cal majority of the two Houses of Congress get-
ting up a contract to support a political organ,
will enforce that contract to the rum of the pro-
prietors of that organ? I say they never will do
it; and I will not claim that the party with which
I act stands on any higher ground in this respect
than the Democratic party. I have lived long
enough to understand that there is but little differ-
ence between parties in regard to men, although
there is some difference in regard to questions of
public policy. We may have different views with
regard to the questions whether we should encour-
age our own domestic industry; whether we
should have a system of harbor and river im-
provements. And if I am a Whig: this day, ikis
simply because I believe that certain measures of
public policy are indispensable to the public wel-
fare; and it is nc^ because 1 believe.the Whig
party, in general or in detail, is any more pure or
any more honest than the Democratic party. I
might illustrate this, and show how the two pari-
ties act when they give out jobs of this character
to political organs.
I referred a while ago to gentlemen for whom 1
have the highest respect—the proprietors of the
National Intelligencer More pure, more honest
or excellent gentlemen do not live on the face of
the earth. But in the Twenty-seventh Congress,
having a large Whig majority in the two Houses,
we made an order that the public printer should
do the printing at the rates of 1819, with twenty
per cent. off. We elected Gales & Seaton printers
for the House of Representatives, and Thomae
Allen printer for the Senate. We went along very
well, until the last day of the Congress, (the 3d
of March,)—and I would remind Senators that if
any mischief is to be done, it is sure to be done
on the 3d of March. There was then slipped
into the appropriation bill a provision repealing
those rates, and paying the public printers the
rates of 1819 m full. This is the history of the
matter so far as the political party with which I
am connected is concerned. I am inclined to
think that I am about as impartial on this subject
as any other member of this honorable body; and
I sometimes think I am the only man entirely
competent to do justice to both parties in this
matter. [Laughter.]
I would refer to the case of Thomas Ritchie,
who violated his contract m the most outrageous
manner. He was a printer, and made his con-
tract with his eyes open; and yet the House of
Representatives passed a bill last year,giving him
the rates of 1819, with fifty per cent. off. The
honorable chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing, for whom I have a sincere respect, has told
us that that would have put two hundred thousand
dollars into Mr. Ritchie's pocket. So that I think '
the two parties stand exactly even. It is a neck
and neck-race between 4i Eclipse" and " Henry."
In the Twenty-seventh Congress, we Whigs
had a majority. We made an order that the pub-
lic printers should receive the rates of 1839, with
twenty percent, off'. When they accepted the of-
fice of public printers under these rates, a contract
was made thereby; and I have always believed
that we had no right to vote that money. Al-
though I was then a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, 1 was not present at the time. I do
not know what might have been done if I had hap-
pened to be there. But it so happened, that.very
urgent professional engagements called me to my
home some two or three days before the close of the
Congress. Possibly I might have voted for it; I
might have been persuaded to vote for it. And
tins is the way in which these things are usually
done.
If we make this contract, Donelson and Arm-
strong will have money, and a good deal of it, out
of the Treasury. Mr. Donelson is a gentleman
who has occupied very conspicuous positions in
our diplomatic relations: and long before I knew
him personally, I was taught, by a perusal of his
correspondence with the Government, to cherish
sentiments of very high respect for him, as a man
of talents and a man of high integrity. If you
give these gentlemen this contract, 1 believe that
they will manage it in the same manner that other
contracts have been managed. They will intend
to do the business with integrity and with fidelity.
But, suppose there shall be a defalcation in the
paper; if you brought them right up to the mark,
it might be ruinous to them. I want to know if
a political committee, or a political majority in the
two Houses of Congress, will enforce the contract
against them in such a case? No, they never will
do it.
I have said that this is departmental printing.
If the amendment shall pass, we separate the pa-
per from the composition arid press-work. There
is one fact which I must state here. There is a
stipulation in our contract for the Congressional
printing, requiring that it shall be done on paper
