2026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
E
theirs. Gentlemen differ a little as to which is
highest, but there is no material difference in the
rVsubmit, therefore, to the House, that we had
better come to a vote upon this question. I do
not care so much which of the three systems is
adopted. I will vote for either one rather than let
the matter rest where it is. I trust, therefore, that
gentlemen will sustain the previous question, and
then select one of these three propositions, though
neither of them accords with my own preference
as heretofore expressed in the debate. Not, how-
ever, being able to get what I wish for, I will con-
sent to do what is the best thing now practicable.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman [Mr. Clingmast]
>roposes to demand the previous question, I should
ike to make a remark or two before that is done.
Mr. CLINGM AN. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. ORR. If we refer to the debates in the
Congressional Globe, it will be seen that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, (Mr. Marshall,] the
chairman of the select Committee on Printing, as
well as myself, have for three years been stren-
uous advocates of the contract system. We have
done everything in our power to have it executed.
1 believed when we commenced at it, that we
could succeed. I have become satisfied, from the
experience of the present session, that it is im-
practicable in consequence of the circumstances
which surround us here. A contractor comes for-
ward, enters into a contract, and is unable to per-
form it. When you desire to have recourse upon
his sureties, for the purpose of holding them re-
sponsible for his failure of performance of his
contract, they are found to be insolvent.
The public printing is delayed. We are now
in the eighth or ninth month of the session. We
have been here since December, and only eight
copies of the first and second parts of the Presi-
dent's message have been delivered to the mem-
bers of this House, and of the third part not a
single copy. It is apparent, then, that something
must be done, that some change must be made,
and when the Committee on Printing made their
report the other day, I objected to that report on
this ground—and 1 think the report of the Special
Committee obviates the objections I then had—that
the joint committee, in fixing the scale of prices,
allowed the price of the paper to go into the com-
pensation. The difficulty growing out of that is
this: Suppose the paper was worth six dollars a
ream, and the work to be put upon it worth six
dollars. That would make twelve dollars the
Government would have to pay for the ream, the
printer getting six dollars for his labor. But if
the paper rose to seven dollars a ream to-morrow,
the printer would only get five dollars for the same
labor, and if the paper should fall to five dollars a
ream, the printer for the same work would receive
seven dollars. So you perceive, that under that
system there would be no regular scale of prices,
and that the compensation of the printer would
depend upon the contingency of the price of paper.
That I regard as a serious objection, for the rea-
son that if the paper costs six dollars to-day, and
seven to-morrow, the printer, getting six dollars
for his work to-day, and five to-morrow, would
come into Congress and say: li The work I put
upon the ream of paper which cost seven dollars
was asfijreat as that put upon the paper which
cost only six dollars, and 1 want to be compen-
sated."
Now, I want to adopt a system, under which,
when the printer makes up his bill, and they are
passed by the superintendent, or by the Commit-
tee on Printing, that there shall be the end of it.
I do not desire that claims shall be presented,
year after year, appealing to our sympathies and
generosity for alleged losses in doing the public
printing. That difficulty is obviated, it strikes
me, by the bill presented by the select committee.
I have not been able to look closely into the scale
of prices, as it would take a good deal of time to
make the estimates. There is this fact, however,
which the House should take into consideration:
There are not perhaps half adozen members upon
this floor who are competent to jud^e of the prices.
I confess myself incompetent. Whether they are
fair or extravagant, you have at last to depend
upon the report which your committee submit,
and they have to depend upon the testimony of
printers submitted to them. Now, I have no doubt
it is a difficult matter for them to arrive at precisely
the correct prices. Printers have different ways
of estimating their prices. The Select Committee,
I learn, had great trouble in fixing definitely prices.
Of those who submitted estimates for the various
classes of work, one proposed to allow twenty-
five cents per page for composition and press-work;
another thirty-two cents. The one proposing to
do the work for twenty-five cents says, if you go
beyond twenty thousand longnumbers,you should
not deduct more than fifteen per cent.; whereas,
the other, proposing to do the work for thirty-two
cents, says you may deduct forty per cent, for all
above twenty thousand.
I propose, if it is in order, to move one amend-
ment to the bill, and with that amendment incor-
porated into it, I will be entirely willing to vote
for the substitute. It will relieve us, 1 think, from
all difficulty, and give a fair scale of prices to the
printer, by which he will be liberally paid for all
his labor and responsibility.
The superintendent proposed to be appointed
by this bill will have no other duty to perform
than to contract for and receive paper, and inspect
the printing as it progresses. If there should be
any neglect or fraud on the part of the printers,
he can make his report to the Joint Committee on
Printing at once, and the remedy can be applied.
The Government purchases the paper, and the
House is relieved from three quarters of all the
difficulty growing out of this whole subject by that
very thing; for when twenty or thirty thousand
copies of a document are ordered to be printed by
the House, the printer prints about twelve hun-
dred and fifty copies upon good paper, the contract
paper, and then prints the balance of the copies,
which we send to our constituents, upon paper
costing one or two dollars less per ream, relying
upon the generosity of the Printing Committee
not to enforce strictly his contract to furnish paper
according to the specifications, for the long num-
bers, which may be printed for general distribu-
tion. Cut when the Government pays for the
paper, and buys the whole of it, the printer has
nothing to charge for except setting the type, doing
the press-work, and the folding and stitching. It
is impossible that there can be any great fraud per-
petrated upon us in that way. This superintend-
ent, if he discharges his duty, when he receives
paper under the contracts which he makes, can
weigh every bundle, to ascertain with certainty if
it comes up to the weight stipulated in the contract.
There is, therefore, no chance for the Government
to be defrauded in the purchase of paper, or, if he
discharges his duty, in the execution of the work.
And it is stipulated further, that the superintend-
ent shall be obliged to enter into bonds of $20,000,
for the faithful performance of his duty. If he
fails in the discharge of his duty, that bond is for-
feited, and its penalty enforced upon him and his
sureties; or if there is any fraud or collusion be-
tween the printer with the superintendent, or with
any other peison, he is liable to indictment, and
punishment in the penitentiary of this District.
The bill is as well guarded as it can be, and I think
it ought to pass.
With the permission of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingm\n,] I would move
an amendment to the bill. My amendment will
come in after the one hundred and second line.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from South Carolina that an amend-
ment at this time can only be made by unanimous
consent.
Mr. ORR. If the amendment is not now in
order, I would be glad if the Chair would suggest
any way by which it could be introduced before
the call for the previous question is sustained.
My amendment is to strike out twenty per centum,
and to insert in lieu thereof forty per centum.
Mr. HAVEN. I object to all amendments, if
the previous question is to be called upon this bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the previous question
be called, I trust the House will not sustain it.
The bill needs to be perfected in a few of its de-
tails.
The SPEAKER. On inquiring of the Clerk,
the Chair understands the amendment pending is
only one in the first degree, and it is therefore open
to amendment. Theamendmentof thegentleman
from New York [Mr. Jenkins] is a substitute for
the entire biil reported by the Committee on Print-
ing, and the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky is to amend the original bill by striking
out all after the first section, and it is therefore
open to amendment.
Mr. ORR. I propose, then, to strike out twenty,
and insert forty per centum. There is but one
document to which this will apply, and that is the
PatentOffice report. 1 think that the largest num-
ber of extra copies of any document that has been
ordered to be printed since I have had the honor
of a seat on this floor was fifteen thousand, except
the Patent Office report. I believe that there was
one hundred thousand of the agricultural part of
that report ordered to be printed the first session
of the Thirty-first Congress, and seventy thousand
of the mechanical. The number that was ordered
to be printed the second session I do not remember.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the gentleman from
North Carolina intends calling the previous ques-
tion, 1 will, with his permission, call the attention
of the chairman of the committee to the fifth sec-
tion of the bill, where it provides for the delivery
of the printing to the two Houses of Congress. It
occurs to me there is too much discreiion—too
much latitude left. There are two or three classes
of printing which ought to be delivered sooner than
is provided for in the bill. As the bill is now, the
public printer is required to execute each job of
printing within thirty days from the date of its
receipt.
Mr. CLTNGMAN. That same difficulty struck
me, but I take it for granted the chairman of the
Printing Committee will attend to that.
Mr. HOUSTON. The point is this: The fifth
section provides thatthepublicprintingshallbere-
turned to the House within thirty days after the
printer has received it. It may be sent to us
sooner. For instance: to-day we ordered the
printing of a bill which we may require on Mon-
day morning. In all the old contracts it was pro-
vided that if the matter to be printed did not ex-
ceed eight pages it should be upon our desks the
next morning; and it seems to me important that
some such provision should be made in this bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I will suggest
the following amendment, which will cover the
gentleman's objection, to come m after the word
" superintendent," in the fourth line of the fifth
section:
Except bills, reports, and joint resolutions, which shall
be returned as the Clerk of the House and Secretary of the
Senate shall require.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. That is
right. I will accept the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. With the gentle-
man's permission I will say, that there is one
thing in connection with this matter to which gen-
tlemen who have occupied the floor have not allud-
ed, but which I think should recommend this bill
of the Special Committee to the favorable consid-
eration of the House. It is a fact that may not be
known to all, that the Committee on Printing em-
ploys a clerk who receives a compensation of some
three or four dollars per day. His time is occu-
pied upon this work. At the short session of Con-
gress, when we adjourn on the fourth of March,
but very little public printing will be executed, and
ever since the law of 1846 went into operation the
House and Senate, by joint resolution, have had
to appoint a person to supervise this public print-
ing, and to settle and adjust the accounts of the
printer during the recesa of Congress. The ap-
pointment of a superintendent provided for by this
bill obviates that difficulty. In that particular the
bill is really a matter of economy to Congress, the
House, and the country.
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman from North
Carolina has determined, whilst he has the floor,
to demand the previous question, before he de-
mands it, I ask his permission to make a brief
statement.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly, sir.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr.Speaker, I think I discover
a determination on the part of the majority of this
House, to pass the bill reported by the Special
Committee,and offered asan amendment here I
do not suppose it will be of service to the public,
that I should endeavor to combat that determina-
tion. The bill has been favored with the support
of its friends, but those who think it impolitic,
unwise, and uncalled-for, have already been ad-
monished that the previous question is ready, and
the majority have prepared to save them the trouble
of endeavoring to show why it should not pass.
As one of the Committee on Printing, I wish it
understood by the members here, and by all per-
sons elsewhere taking any interest in this matter,
that this bill (reported by the Special Committee)
