1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
rious seminaries of learning, and sent copies to the
Foreign Ambassadors, I think we shall have gone
quite as far as the public interests require. 1 am,
therefore, for filling up the blank in this amend-
ment, as at present advised, with ten thousand
copies; but I will not even object to twenty thou-
sand copies, if honorable members desire that
number; but I should be utterly opposed to print-
ing a compendium such as was ordered by the
Twenty-seventh Congress, because I believe there
is no real practical utility in such-a work.
Having demonstrated, as I trust I have, con-
clusively, that this is departmental-printing; hav
ing shown that the law of 1842 is now in full
force; having shown that that law has worked
well, and that all contracts under that law have
been performed; having shown that the public
treasure has been economized in a very consider-
able degree by the operation of that law; having
shown, as I trust I have, that the public interests
in every regard, require that that law should be
maintained, and that the law which provides for
the printing of the two Houses of Congress should
be amended, 1 ask, upon what principle is it that
any one member can rise in his place and demand
the passage of the original resolution submitted
by my honorable friend from Indiana, and upon
what principle can any one object to the amend-
ment which I have proposed, separating the sup-
ply of paper from the composition and the press-
work and from the binding, and requiring the
Secretary of the Interior, with proper securities
and under proper supervision, to let out all three
matters to the lowest bidder, which I am entirely
sure can be done, and will secure this printing
more effectually than in any other form which can
be proposed r
I was near overlooking one single point. If
a majority of the Senate (which I can hardly be-
lieve) shall reject my proposed amendment, then I
have prepared another amendment, upon which I
shall ask my honorable friend from Indiana to
reflect, and which I think will meet with his con-
currence—that is, to give the composition and
press-work to Donelson & Armstrong upon such
terms as the committee may think reasonable:
but at the same time to require the Secretary of
the Interior to contract with the lowest bidder for
the paper, and also for the binding of the work.
If the proposition I now make shall be rejected, I
shall then consider it as settled—so far as a major-
ity of the Senate are concerned—that they are de-
termined to put this work, to some extent at least,
in the hands of Donelson & Armstrong, and I
shall then feel it to be my duty to make an en-
deavor to improve the proposition in other modes.
In this way, if it shall he the pleasure of the body
to patronize the establishment of Donelson & Arm-
strong, (and I admit that it is a highly respectable
one,) it will have a very ample patronage, and a
very large and lucrative job to do the composition
and press-work. It will be a job which I will
venture to say will furnish them with all the sup-
plies which will be required under present emer-
gencies. I have no feeling on the subject. I am
simply doing a public duty, and I leave the sub-
ject in the hands of the Senate, with the assurance
that for one, I intend to acquiesce cheerfully m
whatever may be the decision of a majority of this
honorable body.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am very anxious that a vote
should be taken on the resolution this evening. I
have heretofore said more on the subject than I
expected to say at the time I introduced the reso-
lution, and yet there is much in the speech of the
honorable Senator who has just taken his seat
that deserves a reply. Much of it, however,
does not meet the question before the Senate. At
the time ' offered this resolution, my sole object
was to secure the performance of a work which 1
thought would be of great service to the public. I
can assure the honorable Senator that I had no
such motives in view as he would seem JLo impute
to me. It is true that I named in the resolution
whirh I offered the individuals who were to per- j
form the service. And why? tor the reason that, j
upon inquiry, I ascertained that they were in pos- ;
session of the materials; that they were so situated i
that they could go forward with the work imme- ;
diately, provided they could get a fair price for it. i
I beg leave to remark, that ever since I have been
a member of this bodv  until this session, I
have advocated the contract system, and I only
abandoiied it when I found that the men we
employed abandoned us, and abandoned their con-
tracts. I have come to the conclusion that it is
immaterial what kind of contract we make, or how
guarded it may be, we cannot get the work laid on
our tables in the manner we contract for it. I
was even disposed to tolerate that in view of the
repeated decisions of the Senate, so long as it ap-
plied to work of an ordinary character. But 1
was unwilling to see this class of service; I was
unwilling to see returns so valuable as I consid-
ered these returns to be, printed on the kind of pa-
per and in the manner in which our public print-
ing has been hitherto done. Hence I proposed, in
the resolution, that the committee should have a
discretionary power; not that they should be abso-
lutely compelled to contract with these parties, but
that they should contract with them provided they
would make a contract for work upon reasonable
terms, done in the manner the committee would
require.
Under this resolution, the committee will have
enlarged powers. They will have a right to say
that they will pay so much for paper, so much for
composition, and so much for press-work; and I
hope that, if the resolution shall pass, the contract
for the paper, and the contract for the composition
and press-work will be separate. I believe that, m
this way, we shall get the work better done. They
have the power to say on what kind of paper the
work shall be done, and how much they will give
for the composition, and how much for the press-
work.
The printing provided for in this#resolution is
not covered by any general law. That, the com-
mittee have already decided and reported to this
body. This printing is not disposed of; and
the question is, What disposition will the Senate
make of it ? The gentleman says we are in hot
haste; that we are too early; that an effort is made
by this resolution to reward a partisan press.
The honorable Senator certainly forgets that at
the last session of Congress he himself proposed
in the Committee on Printing to give this very
work to the Republic. Hot haste! It was not
too early at the fast session of Congiess to agitate
the question.
Mr. SMITH. As the honorable Senator never
has attended any of the meetings of the Commit-
tee on Printing, I presume he makes the statement
that I was in favor of giving the printing of the
census returns to the Republic on the authority of
others. All 1 have to say is, that the gentleman
is entirely misinformed.
Mr. BRIGHT. If I am not correct I hope the
chairman of the Committee on Printing will cor-
rect me.
Mr. BORLAND. I presume the statement of
the Senator from Indiana was made on informa-
tion received from me. He is mistaken, however,
in supposing that I said the Senator from Con-
necticut proposed to give this printing to the Re-
public. 1 did say that the Senator from Connecti-
cut was in favor of the proposition made by the
Superintendent of the Census to leave the printing
to him, and have it executed at that time. Whether
he would have had it done at the Republic office or
elsewhere I do not know. But the Superintendent
of the Census did express a wish—and that sub-
ject came before the committee—to be permitted
to have the printing executed as he might think
proper at that time. The committee decided thyt
an arrangement of that sort could not be entered
into, because the census bill itself, after providing
for the execution of the preliminary printing, re-
quired that the report of a plan for publishing the
census should be made to Congress at the present
session, and that the printing of the census returns
should be done as this Congress should direct.
Therefore they did not feel authorized to enter
into any arrangement, or give their assent to any-
thing of that kind. I then understood the Senator
from Connecticut, and I now understand him, to
have been m favor of the arrangement proposed
by the Superintendent of the Census.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to say a word on this
subject. It is very unusual, I believe, to bring
into the Senate conversations in the rooms of the
committees of this body.
Mr. BRIGHT. I refer for my information to
a debate that came up on a collateral question at
the last session. I have not the debates before
me, but I think that I can turn to them and show
that the honorable Senator from Connecticut ex-
i pressed a preference at that time for giving to the
gentleman who has charge of the Census Bureau
the privilege of making a contract for this print-
ing. The inference follows as a matter of course
that it would have taken the direction which I in-
dicated.
Mr. SMITH. I do not know what the gentle-
man may find recorded in the debates of the Sen-
ate, as having been said by me, but I know that I
never entertained %ny such view as that. I must
also say, in very broad terms, that my friend from
Arkansas [Mr. Borland] is entirely mistaken. I
do not know but that I may have used language
from which he properly inferred what he seems
to have inferred; but I have never entertained any
such views, but have been from the beginning to-
tally opposed to breaking up the contract system.
And if 1 felt at liberty to state to the Senate the
appeals which have been made to me by some of
my own political friends in this city, proprietors
of political presses, or at least of one of them, in
regard to this very thing, and in furtherance of
the views of the "honorable Senator from Indi-
ana 
Mr. BRIGHT. I gave way for an explana-
tion. I hope the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut will not extend his remarks.
Mr. SMITH. I was not going to extend my
remarks further; but 1 wished to say that if I felt
at liberty to bring the matters to which I have al-
luded before the Senate, nobody would have any
doubt with regard to the position which I now
occupy, and ever have occupied, on this subject.
Mr. CLARKE. If the honorable Senator from
Indiana will give way, I will move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. BRIGHT. T desire to conclude what little
I have to say on this subject this evening:. I think
I see a disposition on the part of the Senate to
vote on the resolution this evening.
Mr. DAWSON", Mr. CLARKE, and others.
You cannot get a vote to-night.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senator will give
way. It. is now late.
Mr. BRIGHT. I yield.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 12, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
i proved.
I Mr. CLTNGMAN. There is, I understand,
J upon the Speaker's table a bill which has been
I returned from the Senate with an important amend-
1 ment. It is the bill making appropriation for the
j repair of the Capitol. It ought to be acted upon;
] and if there be any objection, I shall move a sus-
' pension of the rules, with a view of taking it up,
j and in order that we may act upon the amendment
ef the Senate.
THE LAWS OF NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the proposition to reconsider the vote by which
the laws of the Territory of New Mexico were
ordered to be printed. That being a privileged
motion, it must be first disposed of before a
motion to suspend the rules can be entertained.
Mr. WE1G-HTMAN. I was not, Mr. Speaker,-
in my place when this debate took place, and
when the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. John-
son] made his motion to reconsider the order to
print the laws of New Mexico; and I hope if he
be not prevented by any important matter of prin-
ciple from so doing, that he will withdraw his op-
position. I am desirous that any suspicion, which
may be harbored in the mind of any gentleman
upon this floor, in reference to the laws of New
Mexico—that they contain anything hostile or
anything inconsistent with the existence of the
most kindly respect towards the Government and
people of the United States—may be discharged
by the fullest investigation. The gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] and other gentlemen,
are, I believe, mistaken in supposing that these
laws have ever been printed. Heretofore the laws
of the Kearny code, as it is called, were reenacted
in such words as these: " And all that portion of
* the Kearny code and laws of Mexico, not incon-
' sistent with the Constitution of the United Stattp
'and the laws passed by this Legislature, are
* hereby reenacted." That is all that the gentle-
man can find upon this subject. They never have
