1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2027
proposes to create a new office—a superintendent
of the public printing, and to pay him $2,500 per
year; and in addition to that, it provides for an
actual increase of expenditure, and prices for
printing; it proposes to pay the printer a higher
price for his labor than the price fixed by the
contracts made by the Committee on Printing
with Gideon & Co. and with Donaldson & Arm-
strong, for doing the work that Mr. Hamilton
should fail to perform. In some instances it in-
creases those prices one sixth, and in no one case
does it go below those prices. I am anxious to
have this statement particularly understood, be-
cause the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Orr,] who has just addressed the House, and the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,]
by whose courtesy I now occupy the floor, as
well as the gentleman from Indianaacrossthe way,
[Mr. Fitch,] at a previous period in the session,
charged, or at least very broadly intimated, on this
floor, and gave the country to understand, that the
members of the Committee on Printing had entered
into a combination, to give to their political friends,
and for political purposes, the printing, at enor-
mous prices, regardless of what was fair, equitable,
and just; and it was also strongly intimated that
such combination was to break down Mr. Hamil-
ton, he being, as alleged, an obstacle in the way of
accomplishing the desired object-
Hence it is I desire the House shall understand
that the proposition in favor of which they are
now called upon to vote increases, and does not
decrease the price and expenditure for printing.
It is an increase in price on the committee's con-
tracts.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, made some re-
mark not heard by the Reporter.
Mr. HAVEN. This bill provides for an in-
crease of prices above the prices agreed to be paid
by the Committee on Printing, under the contracts
with Gideon & Co. and Donelson & Armstrong,
and for agreeing to pay which that committee was
arraigned by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clingman,] somewhat berated by my friend
[Mr. Orr] from South Carolina, and very strongly
suspected by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Fitch.]
Again: it is now assumed by gentlemen here
that the system of printing by contract with the
lowest bidder has failed and should be exploded.
I deny the fact. It has never been fairly tried. I
insist there is no necessity for such an assump-
tion; the system has not failed, and 1 desire the
House to understand that its own action has tended
to discredit it. I am not of much experience in
Congress, and I am not well versed in the history
of this subject previous to the present session; but
I do know, sir, that if there is any reason why
the contract system does not in every respect
meet the expectations as well as the necessities of
Congress, that reason is to be found in the course
adopted by the House itself, and not in the con-
tractor, much less in the acts of the Committee on
Printing. The Committee on Printing made pro-
vision more than three months ago, by which any
printing of either House which was neglected or
delayed by the public printer, or which he failed
to perform, should be executed by responsible
men—by Gideou & Co. and by Donelson & Arm-
strong. These gentlemen gave bond in heavy
penalties, and with perfectly responsible sureties,
which are now held for the Government for doing
the work—for doing it well, too, and on paper
weighing not less than fifty pounds to the ream, and
at prices in several respects much below those
proposed by this bill of the Special Committee.
I say this in justification of myself, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Printing. I speak for no
one else. There are your contracts, valid and
binding, and there is ample provision for remedy-
ing any neglect or delay by the public printer, at
prices cheaper than you are about voting. Let
the House order its printing, and direct the num-
ber of copies of each kind it desires, and instead
of one establishment to do it, you have three,
ready and under bonds to do it. But pass either
this bill from the special committee, or that re-
ported by my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,]
or the substitute of my colleague from New York,
[Mr. Jenkins,] in a form to suspend those con-
tracts, and you will not only open the door to
claims for damages by the present public printer,
but you will make the Government liable for dam-
ages to the gentlemen who hold the contracts last
made. It is true there is considerable printing
ready for the press, and yet unexecuted, but it is
also true that the delay is owing to the House,and
not to the Printing Committee. Full three months
ago, the House members of that committee made
a report in reference to the printing of the mechan-
ical part of the Patent Office report. They re-
ported that in their judgment it was expedient
to order the printing of 50,000 copies. I ad-
vised the House then, and also in March last, that
so far as I was concerned or charged with any
duty as one of the committee, 1 was determined
the present system should be executed, and that
the committee would be sure to provide means,
full and ample, for remedying any neglect and de-
lay by the public printer; and that this would be
done at the risk even of being deemed trouble-
some and pertinacious by the House—that the
committee would discharge their duty under the
law, and then leave the responsibility with the
House.
The House have neglected and refused to act
upon our report to order the printing to be done,
and prevented the delivery to the printers of such
as has been ordered, by questioning the power of
the committee to make the contract. Let the
House now order its printing, and cease its oppo-
sition to the contract made by the commitlee, at
prices below those provided by this bill—con-
tracts perfectly valid and binding, and which, if
the committee had not consummated, they would
have been derelict in duty.
If these contracts are violated or repudiated by
the House, and a printer is elected to take the
work from the contractor, the contractor will come
here and set up claims for damages, according to
the prices of 1819, or some other incomprehensi-
ble system of prices that does not a fiord an ap-
proximate means of guessing what the printer
would be entitled to. Why, about this whole sub-
ject of prices and mode of computation, the chair-
man of the Special Committee [Mr. Marshall]
tells us he knows nothing, and he believes the
most of that committee know nothing, and the
more he looked into it the less he knew about it.
[Laughter.]
I admit, now, and I have charged heretofore, that
the printing which comes here from the public
printer is not done upon paper of the quality
called for by his contract. How is this to be rem-
edied? We have deducted ten per cent, from his
contract price, as one means of remedying it.
The bill of the special committee proposes to ap-
point a superintendent of public printing,and that
he shall purchase and inspect the paper. If you
appoint a superintendent, according to the propo-
sition of my colleague, [Mr. Jenkins,] he will in-
spect the printing, and the paper together, as they
come from the printer. He would then reject
bad paper, and had printing too, as he would re-
ject bad paper under this bill from the paper
maker; in either case, it all has to pass under his
eye, and stand the testof his judgment. But both
the paper and printing may well be inspected by,
and subjected to the judgment of a superintend-
ent, and Congress still adheres to this contract sys-
tem.
It is further said the superintendent is to keep
samples of the paper that the maker is to furnish,
and he is to reject the paper offered if it does not
conform to the sample. Why, sir, the Commit-
tee on Printing now have samples according to
which the printer is to furnish paper—a superin-
tendent can test the paper as it comes from the
printer by these samples, as well as he can test
it as it comes from the maker by his new sam-
ples.
The truth forces itself upon my mind that this
bill from the Special Committeeonly tends greatly
to complicate the matter; and, in my judgment,
neither of these measures under consideration
ought to pass.
If the House is willing to stand up to this busi-
ness, as I insist the Committee on Printing have
hitherto stood up to it—if it will be content with
the contract made by the committee to remedy
the neglect and delay—if it will order the print-
ing done and withdraw opposition to the com-
mittee's arrangements, the work will be quickly,
and well done, and below the prices fixed in this
bill. From indications here, if any of these new
schemes receive the sanction of Congress, one
of these contractors will be chosen printer by
Congress, and you will gain no other benefit by
this bill but that of hiring him over again at in-
creased prices, and trusting thereafterto the activity
and resources of one man, instead of having the
services of the three establishments now provided.
I insist there is no excuse, much less necessity,
for abandoning or changing the present system
for a new and untried experiment. The contract-
ors engaged are ready, willing, and anxious to
do the work. They are men of character and
standing, and have given abundant and responsi-
ble security.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from New York, who is a member of the Com-
mittee on Printing, says they have made con-
tracts with Donelson & Armstrong and Gideon
& Co. to execute the printing, and that they have
their bonds for their proper execution of those
contracts?
Mr. HAVEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES. I would inquire whether, under
the conditions of these bonds, the committee are
bound to give these contractors any part of the
public printing, except such as it may determine
^Hamilton cannot do?
Mr. HAVEN. Why, of course not. As a
committee, we are not authorized by the law to
take from the public printer any printing, except
such as we shall determine he has neglected or
delayed, or is unable to perform.
Mr. JONES. Then, Mr. Speaker, I think we
cannot keep two establishments waiting to execute
printing on the failure of another to do so after a
certain time.
Mr. HAVEN. One of the benefits of our con-
tracts is, that we do not keep any establishment
waiting, but we pay the contractor for the work
he does at contract price. This very bill of the
special committee, by its fifth section, allows the
public printer to retain every piece of the printing
for sixty days before you can take it away from
him, even if, during that time, he has not com-
menced it; and at the end of that time we are au-
thorized to look about us and begin to try and get
i somebody else to commence it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I cannot give way further
to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. JONES. One question further. laskthe
gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven] if he
dops not consider that this House has virtually
repudiated the contracts made by that committee
with Donelson & Armstrong and with Gideon &
Co.?
Mr. HAVEN. I do not—I think the House
has not the power to rescind those contracts.
Thatquestion may be more satisfactorily answered
after the House passes upon the amendment
which provides that no agreement hereafter made
by the committee shall be binding, until after it is
reported to and approved by the House. The
House seemed particularly to favor that amend-
ment, from which I infer that they desire, here-
after, to withhold from the committee a power
they clearly now possess under the law, of making
a contract that is binding without the sanction of
the House.
Mr. Speaker, I regret the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] insists upon his right
j to the floor now. I would like about ten minutes
more to put myself right, as one of the Committee
| on Printing, and explain the relative demerits of
these several schemes. This subject, involving as
it does not only the printing of Congress, but of
all the Departments, and of the Census, and in-
volving vast amounts, and the abandonment of a
system that has never had a fair trial, ought not,
; in my opinion, to be disposed of in this summary
way. Nobody has been heard in opposition to it.
I am of the opinion that neither of these bills or
propositions ought to pass, but that the present
system should be retained and vigorously execu-
ted. If it is to be abandoned, we ought, in pref-
erence to anything now before us, to take up the
bill of my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doty,)
; and perfect that, and pass it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have given the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Haven] as much time
as I can afford to give him. It is necessary that
I should say a word or two in reply to him. He
says that I heretofore arraigned the Committee on
Printing. It is true, that I did arraign their ac-
tion, (I use the term in no offensive sense,) but X
! do not propose at this time to recur to that con-
j troversy. Nor shall I enter into the dispute which
' exists between him and his colleague on the Com-
