1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
nm
over angry, restless waves, twenty-four, and sometimes
forty ttiiC'j ieul iii h, chafing each other at a distance of
about five bandied leet, and at a speed of more than thutj
miles as* hour. All tlie prizes ot the turf are paltry com"
pored with mat for which these steamers ate contending—
the proud distinction of establishing the most speedy aiid
sale communication between two gieat continents and two
mighty iM'.ions. lJitbeitothe superiority has not been dis-
tinctly doclaied on either side, nor can any couect judg-
ment he formed until at lea&t a year has elapsed."
But what is more important in this case is, to
show what has been the result of the establish-
ment of the Collins line upon our interests at home.
In the first place, its effect upon our Treasury, of*
which we have heard much: Have we lost money
by it? By the statement furnished by the Post
Office Department, and laid before the Senate by
die Senator from California, it appears that we
have not last a cent; bui, on the contrary, gained
£,5S,G7j 59. That statement shows, that the rev-
enue derived by the United States under the oper-
ation of the tieatv, and by the Collins steamers,
is.   .$8:23,675 59
Of winch there had been paid to Col-
lins, for his service for two years.. 770,000 00
$58,675 59
Or nearly $30 >000 per annum into the hands of the
Government, over and above what they have paid.
I do not pretend that all this postage was denved
fiom letters or newspapers canied by the Collins
line. No can mid -rstand the account in that
way. But it is nes erdieless true, that all this post-
age, whether received from Cunard's line or Cnl-
lins'slme, has been received in consequence of that
policy which established the Collins line. There
was no postal treaty made between this Govern-
ment anJ Gieat Bmnin, until the keel of the first
steamer of the Collins line was iuid; and we
should have no control whatever of this postage
fund, had not the Collins line iieen established,and
put in competition with the Cunoru line, bo far,
then, ns the policy is concerned, and its effect
upon the Treasury, the Collins line is entitled to
the credit for the money received for postage,
against the charge for the money which has been
paid for its support.
It is true that the amount received during the
lost year will not covei the amount proposed to be
given by this amendment; yet this does not prove
that the receipts of the coming year will not he Miffi-
cient to cover the appropriation. There is already
an inci easp of postage this year. The uifre^fee <n the
number of cripo by b<">th lines will add to the amount.
Th.it hos been the result hetetofore. As the num-
ber of trips ("id the speed of the steamers ha\e
been i ncre.'^ed, the postage receipts have ad vunced,
and, therefore, in considering this proposition, we
can safely rely, thet for thecimung year,there will
be a consider.ib'e increase of the postal revenue.
Heretofore the Collins line proposed only monthly
tripsdunn^tiie win teivind the Cunurd semi-month-
ly. Now,'they alternate weekly during the whole
vear; and although tiiue aie not a a many pas*en-
gera in these winter trips, there are just as many,
and perhaps more, letters in the winter reason. 1
shall not go into the estimate of this obvious in-
crease of postage;but it is manifest iliat by ihisgrent
increase of this service these will be a cnrre&poviu-
ing: mere \se in the postages received during the
next year. The Postmaster General states that the
increase of trans-Atlantic postages in 1851 over
lfc?50 is §li>7,439 61. It will be much greater in
1852; so that my friend from Virginia need not
be afraid of the Tieasury being mined by this
appropiiation. It must also be recollected, that
unless we increase the service of our line, we will
not be able to d.vide the postage with our confed-
erates. England gets much the largest proportion
of the postage now; but the moment we put our
steamers upon an emuihty with hers, we shall be
entitled :o divide the whole postage, and pis' half
of it into -rur Treasury.
But the ndvantoue to be derived from nrihrain-
in;-ihis Imp is r-oi to be confined to a meiecol-
cula'io-i of the amount of postage of what may be
put into 'he Treasury. There are other consider-
ations of much higher importance. The great
route now from. inland, and frm Western Eu-
rope, to the E.ist Indies, is from Southampton, by
way of Gibraltar and Alexandria. But who does
not perceive that the time is coming, that it is not
f.ir distant, when the great mail route to the East
Indies, not, only from New York, but from Lon-
don and from "Paris, will be over the Atlantic,
and by either the Cuuard line or the Collins line,
under the control either of the English Government
or of the American Government. That presents
this important question to the Senate and to the
country—whether we shall not, at all hazards,
sustain this line, m order to preserve for our people,
and for our Government, the control of that great
world's route which is to pass along the shores of
this country, and across the Isthmus of Panama,
and thence tothe East Indies?
The honorable Senator from Virginia said, that
if this line could not sustain itself, let it go down.
The Cunard line will not go down. The great
West India mail steam route of England will not
go down, But if our line alone goes down, what
happens? All the communication—the passengers,
the letters, and the commeice, passing over the
Atlantic, crossing the Isthmus, of Panama to the
Pacific ocean, and there spreading out to the great
East—is under the complete control of the English
Government. But if you sustain an American
line of steamers—and if that route turns out, as I
believe it will, to be the most direct route, even
from London, and from Western Europe, to China
—our line, having the superiority in speed, and of
certainty, will be the grand earner ot letters and
of passengers from Europe, through America, to
the East indies.
It is stated, in the book from which I have
already quoted, th.it last year a letter written in
the city of New York, passing m the Cunard line
to England, and then put, on hoard the steamer at
Southampton, thence to go by way of Alexan-
dria to Suez, reached Hong Kong in fifty-five
uays.
Now, sir, 11 is reduced to almost a certainty,
that a letter written m London, passing with the
speed of the Collins line over the Atlantic, and
by Panama to the Pacific, will leaUi the same
; piace in iWiy days. This route is ours! The
I great commerce of the world by steam is thus
! under our control. Yet, the honorable Senator
I savs: Let this line go down; or let it fight its way
1 as" best it can under the protection of individual
j enterprise.
As I said before, our people can contend single-
! handed with any people on the face of the earth;
! but they cannot contend with the capitalists of
I Great Britain, backed by the protection of the
I English Gu\eminent. They may contend with
' the.n for u fchorttnne, but the stubborn endurance
j of John Bull will break down the enterprise of a
j Yankee, unless he ulso is supported by his own
! Government. Therefore, i say, throwmgasidethe
[ matter of dollais and cents—whether it costs us a
I thousand dollars nice or less—here are national
j considerations which should induce us to sustain
. this line. There are other considerations. By the
; contract, these ships are to be made war steamers;
; and 1 intend to show they are war steamers—the
j best of lbIs kind in the w orld for certain purposes of
' war, f.nd that they can, at small expense, be used
] as cuch in any emergency. I have here a letter of
i Commodore Perry on this subject, dated Fehru-
jj ary 18, 1852, and addressed to the Secretary of
jj the Navy. Speaking of these ships—the Collins
|; line—he says;
I; k{ According to my calculations the cost of the eonver-
j! j-ion of cith-jr the uehn('-mentioned vessels, exclusive of
|| aimainenr*, lejMU of uMChmerj, &e., would not. or cer-
j i lai-'fy outfit not to o^t Jur cmh steamer ornr $$2 l,U()t), and
j: it could nja hi\ be done tor tins at any oi our navy-yard*,
i! With le-pect to the description and weight oi their respect-
j| ive a-umiiM'niJ, I am eteailyof the opinion th. t the fir^t
i cia*.- steamers ah endy named, could easily carry four
j- 1 >> inch Faivhan sun? on pivot-, two forwaid and two alt,
ii of the wt-iidit oi in the Mississippi; and ten 8 inch
j] Paixhnn gims o.i the Midi's ; and tins armament would not
j! incommode tne ve$.>ei>, and the weight leas than the iee.
ii which u usually Jorty tons, and stowed away in one
ji majd."'
Commodore Perry continues, that—
« Tn
the o^/i^T'O'i
cn.i'i] r.'ti.lcr aood rer\;c<.-,
b',''fvljroTn l!<i\y zyect «pee-l
I 'ft'. < ' -*un o/frsju*, a
>' <' of oieik'iuluiz ^
Ail '/rdu.
of a
n'i
thev
nirUime war
tthey l>e
tch ?  :s«.e/s, ard f->c
c-'.h'blc of at(i.J: <:•>?'
oinz I,iin f/ifw'c"
,uf Arctl- ha.'e i<ll been.
\, built. UTipeJcJy and ; t'tcu a' '-y t'le A wry Depar< trnent,
}! Commiidore Perry adds to this letter a notet
and says u that an ocean steamer of 3}000 tons is
'of the maximum dimension for safety and efn-
'ciency, whether for tear or commercial pur-
4 poses."
At the time of the construction of thsse ships,
every attention was given to their form, strength,
and models, by the contractors, under the special
direction of the Navy Department. To show that,
f will merely refer to the communications upon
the subject. They are as follows:
E. K. Collinses letter to the Secretary of the
Navy, in relation to the side-lever engine, with the
Secretary of the Navy's approval.
E. K. CoIUna's letter to the Secretary of the
Navy, asking for consent to modify specifications,
with answer of the Secretary of the Navy, that
Commodore Skinner, of the Bureau of Construc-
tion, had approved of the alteration.
E. K. Collins's letter to the Secretary of the
Navy, asking for the appointment of a naval con-
structor and superintendent, with Secretary of the
Navy's answer, appointing Captain S. Skiddy
Naval Constructor.
Secretary of the Navy's letter to E. K. Collins,
accepting the Arctic, with report of Commodore
Perry and Commander Bell to Secretary of the
Navy, in reference to the capacity and usefulness
of the Arctic for war purposes.
United States Navy-Tars, ?
Philadelphia, j3pril 14, 1852. >
Sir : In answer to yoOrs of the 13th, I have to state, as
chief naval constructor, the specifications for building the
Collins hue of steamers weie submitted to me and ap-
proved, as in accordance with the act of 3d of March, 1847.
They can be converted into war steamers, to carry a bat-
terj equal to our largest steam-fri?ates,in a short time, and
the necessary alterations to be made to receive such a bat-
tery, will not exceed a cost of §20,000 each.
f am, *ir, with^reat respect, your obedient servant,
FRANCIS GRJUE.
To the Hon. Wm. IVI. Gwin,
U. S. Senate, Washington,
It appears by these letters, which are on file in
the Navy Department, that the vessels have been
constructed with special reference for war service,
if necessary; that naval officers of high character
and great experience, were not only consulted in
their construction, but superintended their build-
ing, who all say that they are capable of being
used in case of war, at the small expense of about
§20j000 each.
I submit to the Senate whether this is not a con-
sideration which should induce us to sustain these
ships, and to keep them under the control of the
Government, to he used in the case of war. No
man who has seen these ships—no man who has
heard these evidences—can doubt for a moment
but that they would t e, at this very hour, if war
should break out, the most effective steam-ships
now under our control. They may not be as
strong as war steamers especially constructed for
the purpose. They may not be as powerful as
many ships constructed by the English Govern-
ment; but their great utility would be their speed
and their power of action. If we can, by an ex-
penditure of $20,000, put these splendid ships into
the war service, that of itself is a sufficient con-
sideration for us to appropriate this money in
order to keep them afloat. We cannot maintain
or keep up war steamers of equal power at any-
thing like as cheap a rate as we can these steamers.
JVVith regard to the capacity of these ships, and
their usefulness in war, my honorable colleague,
who has had great experience upon this subject,
will, I have no doubt, sustain me in the opinion 1
have expressed, that these ships will be of great
service to the country in time of war. These
steamers surpass in speed any vessel which has
yet been constructed by the Government, with all
the advantages and experience of the Navy in the
construction of ships.
I noticed that the United States steam-ship Sab
Jacinto arrived at Cadiz on the 25th of March,
having left Norfolk on the third of the month.
Twenty-two days steaming only thirty-five hun-
dred miles, or one hundred and fifty-nine miles
per dav.
Mr. STOCKTON. That ship was built on an
j entirely different plan.
j Mr. MILLER. ( intended to compare her
1 speed with the Collins line, ond to stote that, at
! ibis rate of steaming, if would requ're nineteen
•' days for the passage from New York to Liver-
pool, instead of nine and a half days. My col-
'' league states, however, that that ship war, built
:j upon an entirely different principle, and therefore
jj there cannot beany fair comparison between them,
ij I have called the attention of the Senate to the
j! speed, the models, and the capacity of these ves-
' sels for another purpose—that is, to show that this
company have, in executing: this enterprise, mad*
experiments, secured information, and given to
the country models of steam-ships, with their en-
gines, of great practical value to the public. If
