1852,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2029
printed tiu«m first to the form or forms m which such doc-
ument shall aftci wards bo punted.
Sec. 8. *rtnd be %t fuitker enacted, That there shall be
fleeted a public printer lor each House of Congress, to do
thf public punting lor the Congiess for which he or they
may ho chosen, and such printing for the executive de-
partments and buieaus of the Government of the United
State? as may be delivered to him or them, to be printed,
by the  Supciintendent of the public printing. The follow-
ing rates of compensation shall be paid, from time to time,
for such printing as may be ordered by Congress:
1. For bills and joint resolutions-—
For composition per page, fifty cents.
Foi press-work, folding, and stitching, for five hundred
and eighty copies, thnty-twoand ahalfcent?pel page; and *
at tin? same rale per page for any greater numbei not ex- !
oeeding one thousand copies. !
2. For reports of committees and the Journals of both
House, with indexes, and the executive documents of
each House, embracing messages fiom the P)osul<M\t, re-
ports from the executive department^, bureau-*, and
office®, and document-* and -nateim-nt^ communicated
theiewith, with indexes; lesoluuon1- and other docu-
ments from State Legislatures; nicmonals, petitions,
tieaties, and conndentinl documents tor the Senate; for
composition pei page, octavo—
For small pica plain, one dollar.
For small pica nilo, one dollar and fifty cents.
Foi bioviei plain, one dollar and fifty cents.
Forhievier rule, two dollar*.
Fui noupaiotl line, thiuc dollars and seventy-five cents.
For the composition of tables larger than octavo size,per !
one thousand ems, seventy cents; but the page of octavo size j
glial! contain not less than one thousand six hundred eras
•when printed in small pica; and the body of all plain mat-
ter siiali be e-o punted, except exlracts, yeas ami J<ay<i, and
addenda, which shall be printed with bievier type. Al!
rule and figmc wotk shall be printed m loyal octavo form,
with small pica, each page containing not let-a than one
thousand six hundred ems, it' the matter to be punted can
be brought into paires of thai size with that kind of'type, so
as lobe read with lacihty and convenience. J fit, cannut, it
e-hall be pi inter! with brevier type, each page containing not
less than two thousand eight bundled ems ; and if it cannot
be brought into a loyal octavo page with bievier type, so as
to be understood with facility, it shall be punted with non-
pareil tvpe, each page containing not le-*** than four thou-
sand two hundred em<; and when it cannot be brought into
a toval octavo pane with nonpareil type, so as to be read
with facility, it shall be printed with hreviei type m a
hioadsidc. snowing the whole table at one view, and be so
filled that it can be bound in a loyal octavo volume.
When matter is leaded, tiie composition shall be counted
as if the matter weie pi inted solid, and not leaded,
Fot press-woik, folding, and stitching of royal octavo
size—
Foi twelvehundied and fifty copies, thiitv-twoand abalf
cents per page, and at the same late for any greater number
not exceeding hitcen hundred copies.
For piess-woik,folding,and stitching of cach tabic largei
than royal octavo size—
Foi twelve, hundred and fifty copies one dollar and twen-
ty* ihe cents per page, and at the same rate lor any number
not exceeding fifteen hundred copies.
The following deductions on account of folding and stitch-
ing copies lesei ved tor binding shall be made:
For royal octavo size, per pane, for each bundled copies,
one quarter of a cent; for each table larger than octavo,
one cjuaiter of a cent ; and the following additional charge
shall be allowed for trimming, folding, arid stitching, and
inserting each map, chait, diagram or plat in the copies not
leseived for binding: for every hundied copie-, ten cents.
There shall be allowed for the press work on tieaties, re-
potts, and other documents, when ordered to he punted m
confidence, foi the use of the Senate, at the following .
rates• j
For the press-work, folding, and stitching of sixty-five i
copies, six cents per page when of the royal octavo size,
and one dollai pel page, for sixty-five copies, when the
matter cannot be contained m the royal octavo page m any
type hereinbefore specified , and allowance shall be made
at the same rates for any greater number of copies than
sixty-five, and not exceeding one hundred.
3. Foi tabular statements of the oideis of the day,lists of
yeas and nay1-, circular letters, and miscellaneous punting
ordered by Confess, not heiembeforo specified —
For composition for plain work, per thousand ems, fifty
cents.
For rule and figure work, fifty cents per thousand ems.
For press-work, folding, and switching one imndred
copies, ppr page— '
Foi loyal octavo, or any smaller size, ten cents.
For ouarto post, twenty cents.
l'Wr toolscRD and any largei size, twenty cents.
lint the following deductions shall be made from the
pi ess-work, folding, and stitching additional numbers to the ;
mun'jfi usually oidcied by Congress of matter included m j
the foiegonigspociiication'S, to wit: j
When the number ordered exceeds five thousand and !
does not exceed ten thousand, two per centum. j
When the number exceeds ten thousand, and does not i
exceed twenty thousand, five pc centum. I
When the number exceeds twenty thousand, forty pei I
centum. '
P)c<s-work, folding, and stitching of all printing not j
herein provided for shall be done by the ream; the rate -
shall he two dollars per one thousand when punted on one ;
side, and tour dollais per thousand when printed on both !
sides; when any quantity less than a leam is ordered it •
shall lie counted and settled foi as one ream. i
Sfc. 9. And be it further enacted, That the jegular tium • ]
bers (>< documents oidered by Congress shall be printed m '
octavo foim, on paper weighing not less than fifty-six |
pounds for every four hundred and eighty sheets, and meas- !
uuitg twents-fuui by thiitv-cight inches; and the extra .
numbers shall be punted on papei weighing not less than
foriy five pounds/or every four hundred:and eighty sheets, j
and measuring twenty-four by thiity-eight inches. The J
paper for any other species of printing ordered by Congress
may be of such style and quality as the Superintendent of
the public printing may deem suitable and piopcr.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the public
printer or printers may be required by the superintendent
to work at night as well as through the day upon the public
printing, during the session of Congress, when the exigen-
cies of the public service requne it.
Sec. 11. Aixdbeit further enacted, That the same prices
shall be paid for printing for the Executive Depai tments that
are paid tor printing for Congress, except for printing post
bills, which shall be piinted on paper not less than sixteen
by twenty-six inches, and for printing on parchment; there
shall be paid foi punting the po>t bills at the rate of one
dollar per thousand sheet;?, and at thp rate often dollars per
thousand tor priming puichments; but nothing shall be al-
lowed ior altering p >st bills when the alteration consists m
the mcie change of a postmaster's name; and nothing
herein contained shall prevent the head* of Executive De-
partments fiotn employing printers out of the city of Wash-
ington to execute such punting for any of said department-,
as may be required foi u<=e out of Washington, When the
came can be executed elsewheie as cheap as at the rates
heiem specified, increased by the cost of transporting the
printed mattei to the State or States where such matter may
be required foi use in the public service.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That a committee,
consisting of tmce membeis of the Senate and three roem-
beis of the House of Representatives, shall be appointed by
the Piesident of the Senate and .Speaker of tin; House, to
be called the Joint Committecouthe Public Punting, which
eonmnuee f-hall have a light to decide between the Super-
intendent of the public punting and the public pnntei in
any dispute which may ause as to the piopnety of the de-
cisions of the Supenntendent malum? deductions on account
of work which the Superintendent may icfuse to receive, or
which, in his opinion, may not be done with proper dis-
patch, as required bylaw; and the said committee shall
pass upon the accounts of the Supeuntendent of the public
punting. Said committee Miall have power to adopt such
measmes as may be deemed necessary to remedy any neg-
lect or delay m the execution of the public printing, pro-
vided that no contiact, agreement, or anangeuient enteied
into by this committee shall take effect until the same shall
have been approved by that House of Congress to which
the punting belongs; arid when the punting delavod relates
to the business of both Houses, until both Houses shall
have appioved of such contract or airangement. All mo-
tions to print extia copies of any bill, repoit,or otbei public
document, shall be reioriod to the members of the Commit-
tee on Punting fiom the House in which the same may be
made.
Skc. 33. Aiid he it further enacted, That all nets or joint '
resolution^ conflicting with the provision*? of this act, are '
hereby repealed; but nothing herein contained shall be j
construed to authorize the caneeiment of anv contract now !
ot heietofore entered into with any puntei under tlm lawrf t
heretofore in foice, or to abrogate his lights in anv way, j
without lus consent. Nothing in this aet Miall be con-
strued to authorize the printing of the census, but the same
shall be done as may be provided by law heieafter.
Mr. CLEVELAND demanded tellers on the
adoption of tins amendment; which were or-
dered, and Messrs. Cleveland and Orr were ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 99; noes not counted.
So Mr. Marshall's amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
substitute offered by Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. KING, of N"ew York, demanded the yeas
and nays; and they were ordered.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Be it emtcted, 3'c., That there shall immediately be cho-
sen, by joint resolution m both Houses of Congiess, a su-
perintendent of public printing, who shall be a piaetical
printer, and shall hold his othre during the present Con-
gress-*, or until another be appointed in his place; said tu
pormtendent is hereby clothed with all the aiithonty con-
foried in and by «aul joint resolution upon the Secretary of
the Senate, Oleik ot the House of Representatives, the
President or Vice President of the Senate, the Speaker of
the House of Representatives, and the authority conferred
upon the Committee on Printing m and by the second sec-
lion of fcaul joint resolution, and he is hereby required to
pei form all the duties confeired by said joint resolution
upon said officers, and each and every of them, except the
duties of the Committee on Public- Printing mentioned in
the third section of said ]omt resolution.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the '•aid Super-
intendent, when so appointed, shall take the oath of othce
prescubed in the -second section of the act of the 3d of
March, 17'H, for the clerks and other officers, and shall
execute to the United States a bond, with mo sufficient
sureties, to be approved of by the Pie^ident of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives, m the pen-
alty of ten thousand dollars, conditioned for the faithful
performance of the duties of his office. The said Superin-
tendent ishall thereupon procure the printing necessary to
be done before the close of the present session of Congiv=s.
or which may have been begun but not performed substan-
tially, according to contiact, upon such terms as he may
deem most advisable, and as shall best promote the public
interest; and, for that pmpose, the said Supeuntendent is
hereby authorized to purchase the lequihite paper ior said
punting.
.Sec. 3 And he it further enacted, That the said Super-
intendent be, and he isheieby, authored to contract for
and purchase all paper lor the punting of both Houtea of
Congress during his continuance in office. That contracts
for paper shall, at all times, be separate fiom conhacts for
printing, and the same pei son shall not be allowed to con-
tract both for printing and furnishing the paper. The con-
tracts for printing to "be done, and paper to be furnished,
after the close of the present session of Congress, shall be
let and entered into in the manner prescribed in the first
section of eaid joint resolution, and shall embrace the paper
and printing for the residue of the present Congress only.
Sec. 4. ^nd/>eif/«r//terenacierf,ThatsaidSuperintend-
ent be, and he is hereby, autbouzed to decide upon the per-
formance or non-performance of all of said contracts, and
whether the contracts be perlortned in due time, and to de-
clare tine same foit'eited for non-performance. The coil-
tracts to bo entered into for printing shall contain a stipu-
lation that the printing shall be done in a reasonable time,
which time may be designated, as occasion shall require, by
the said Supeuntendent, which conditions shall be inserted
in each contract. Upon declaring any contract forfeited
for non-performance, the Superintendent shall serve a writ-
ten notice thereof upon the defaulting contractor, specify-
ing the particulars in which such failure of performance
consists; and the Superintendent.shall thereupon immedi-
ately procecd to relet such contract, m the manner provided
in the said fiist section ot said joint resolution as herein
amended; but be shall not relet <uch contract to such de-
faulting contractor. Said Superintendent shall forthwith
cause the contractor so failing to perloimhis contract, and
his bail, to be prosecuted, m the name of the United States,
for the damages ausmg from such failuie.
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That the said Supei-
lniendent shall personally superintend the business in-
trusted to his charge j he shall keep the samples of paper
.and punting upon which the contracts are Jet; he shall
keep an accurate account of the paper furnished and the
printing done, with the contract puces thereof, and al! ex-
penses pertaining to the said office; he shall make a full
report ol his domgs at the oponing of each session of C'on-
giess, and a* often as Congress oi either Hous6- shaFI direct,
and shall be entitled to receive a salary of §"2,000 a year for
his services.
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That within thirty
days before the adjournment of any Congress, both Houses
shall pi oeeed to choose a Superintendent of public printing,
who shall possess the powers herein conferred upon the
said superintendent, and shall perform the bke dutiessaid
Superintendent shall be entitled to the like salary, and shall
hold his office foi the period of two years and until another
be chosen ; he shall take the same oath of oftice, and exe-
cute a like bond with sureties; and all the provisions of
tins act and of said joint leaohition shall apply to all Super-
intendents ol public printmc, and the paper to be furnished
and the punting to be done. So much of the said joint
resolution of the 3d of August, tfelG, as is inconsistent here-
with, is heieby lepealcd.
The question was then taken, and it was deckled
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Mes is. Abercroiubie, Babcock, Sarrere, Ben-
nett, Krenton, ttngas, Bunows, Canter, Chapman, Cleve-
land, Cobb, Docitery, Doty, Eastman, Evan?. Fitch, Floyd,
Fowlei, Grey. Haiper, Ilaws, Hawaii, Haven, Hebard,
JJoisfbrd, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y*
How, Hunteij fv<"«, John John-sun, Geoigc G. King, Pres-
ton King, Mann, jVf.irinn Miner, Molony, Morehead, New-
ton, Samuel W. Pai kej, Penniman, Perkins, Robie, Sehoon-
maker, Smart, Benjamin Stanton, Townsbend, Walbiidge,
and Welch—49.
NAYS—Me.'-srs. Aiken, Willis Allen, John Appleton.
Thomas fl. Bayly, Boeock, Biagg, Busby, E. Canington
Cabell, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chandlei, Chastain,
Chuichwell, Clark, Cbngman, Coleoek, Dame!, Dawson,
Dean, Disney, Duncan, Dunham, iSdjjeiton, EdnmndsoH,
Ficklin, Florence, Fieeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble,
Gavlord, Gentry, Gilmore, Goodenow, Hamilton, fshatn G.
Ilairis, Sampson W. Jlarus, Hendricks, Heiui, Ilibbard,
Holladay, llou&ton, Howaid, fnger^olj, Jackson, Andiew
Johnson,George W. Jones, Kuhns, Kurt/., Landry,Letch-
er, Lockhart, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McLanahan,
McMulhn, McNan, McUueen, Meade, MdNon, Henry D.
Mooie, John Moore, Murphy, Muriay, Nabers, Olds, Orr,
Outlaw, Penn, Phelps, Polk, Richardson, liiddle, Ross,
Savage, Schcrmeihorn, Scuny, David L. Seymour, Ongen
S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Stanly, Richard H. Stanton,
Abraham V. Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens, St. Martin,
Stiatton, Stuart, Thurston, Vnnahle, Wallace, Walsh,
Ward, Watkms, Alex. White, Wilco.v, and Wilhains—96.
So the substitute was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed, was read
the third time.
Mr. POLK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
The question now being, " Shall the bill pass t"
Mr. CLI2sGMAN moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and the main question
was ordered to be now put.
Mr. HAYEIS- demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. CARTTER called for telleis on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. IIave.n and
Ga^lord were appointed; and a c.onnt being had,
the tellers reported 37 111 the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon the passage
of the bill, and it was decided m the affirmative;
yeas 91, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aiken, Willis Allen, John Appleton,
Wilhain Appleton, Thomas II. Ba\ly, Boeock, Bragg,
Breckimidse. Brings, Busby,Thompson Campbell,Ca-kie,
Chandler, Chastain, Churciiwell, Clark, Clingman, Cobb,
Colcock, Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Duncan, Dunham, Fast-
man, Edmuadson, Ficklm, Florence, Thomas J. T). Fullei,
Gamble, Ga\lord, Gentry, Hamilton, Isham G, Harris,
