1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U®
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
motion was agreed to.
So the motion was laid upon the table.
THE FOUNDATION OF THE ADDITIONS TO
THE CAPITOL.
The SPEAKKR. The Chair begs leave to
state, that at the adjournment on last Monday
there was pending a resolution introduced by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McNair,]
upon the adoption of which the previous question
had been called. Is there a second?
Mr. McMULLIN. Let the resolution be read.
The resolution was read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to inquire into
the firmness and stability of the foundation of the extension
ot the Capitol now laid, and whether the strength of the
stone be sufficient to uphold the supeistructure about to be
elected thereon.
The call for the previous question was then sec-
onded, and the mam question ordered to be put.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the resolution, it was put, and there were, upon a
division—ayes 107, noes 28.
So the resolution was adopted.
REPAIRS AND RENEWAL OF TIIE LIBRARY.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I renew the motion to sus-
pend the rules, with the view of taking up the bill
from the Senate making appropriation to meet the
expenses incurred in consequence of the late fire
at the Capitol, which comes back to us with an
amendment.
The question being put, the motion was agreed
to.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think it maybe neces-
sary, as the bill provides for an appropriation of
money, thai I should move to suspend the rule re-
quiring this bill to go to the Committee of the Whole,
•which I do. I make the motion with a view of
having the House pass the bill at once. I under-
stand this appropriation of $10,000 which the Sen-
ate recommends for the purchase of books 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman suspend
his remarks until the amendment of the Senate is
read ?
Mr. CLINGMAN yielded.
The amendment of the Senate was read by the
Clerk, as follows:
To add as an additional section, the following, viz:
And be it Jurthci enaited, That the s-wn of £-10,000 be
and the sanie is hcrebj appropriated for the purchase of
books for the Lihraiy of Congress, to be expended under
the direction of the Joint Committee on the Libiarv.
*~Mr. CL1N"GMAN. I was about to say that I
am informed that, with this sum of §10,000, and
the standing appropriation of §5,000, they will be
able to get those books we are most in need of.
Such books can be procured in the course of two
or three weeks in the principal cities. In that
time, bypassing another bill which has come in
from the Senate, and I presume is upon our table,
making an appropriation of $1,200 to fit up a cou-
ple of rooms by throwing them together, so as to
furnish a temporary library room, we can have
those books within our reach which we are most in
need of. I hope there will be no objection, but that
all will concur in that amendment. I have no dispo-
sition to speak upon it, but wish that it may pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will inquire of
the chairman of the Library Committee on the
part of the House, if that committee have exam-
ined and approved of this amendment for an ap-
propriation ?
Mr. CHANDLER. If I am permitted I will
answer the gentleman. Wc have not examined
the amendment, because it was not before the com-
mittee at its last meeting. The committee have
had a meeting, and have" been over with care the
list of books. They have selected a large number
of daily account amongst the members, but which
will cost considerable. The passage of that amend-
ment will facilitate the acquisition of these books,
which it will indeed be necessary to procure. They
may be procured in a week or ten days. Some
less than a week if we had the money.
The question being put, the motion was agreed
So the rule reauiring this bill to be first consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole was suspended.
The question then recurring; upon the amend-
ment of the Senate, it was put, and the amendment
was concurred it).
HUNGARIAN EXILES.
Mr. STANLY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution, which I wish
to refer to the Committee of the Whole, if objec-
tion be made to it.
Mr. FICKLIN. I will inquire what is the reg-
ular order of business?
The SPEAKER. The call upon States for res-
olutions.
Mr. FICKLIN. I call, then, for the orders.
Mr. STANLY. I had the floor before that mo-
tion was made, and was recognized by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to move to suspend the rules.
Mr. FICKLIN. I ask that the resolution be
read. I have no disposition to object.
The resolution was read, as follows: I
A Joint Resolution requesting the President of the United
States to inquire into the condition of ceitain Hungauan
exiles now in NewYoik, and providing means for the
relief of theii suffering should it be found to exiat.
Whereas information iias icached Congress, that there
is great suffering among the exiles from Hungary now in
the city of New York, many ot whom are believed to be in
danger of dying by staivation and the inclemency of the sea-
son : therefore.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of *3ifieiica in Congress assembled, That
the President be authorized and requested to inquire into
the truth of said information ; and if it appear to be true,
that he be authorized to take eueh steps as he thinks proper
to relieve their eufteiing, until homes can be provided for
them, and foi that purpose the sum of thousand dol-
lais is hereby appropiiated out of any money 111 the Tieas-
ury not otherwise appiopiiated.
Mr. STANLY called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. KING, of New York. I desire to ask the
gentleman from North Carolina one question.
Mr. STANLY. I will answer no questions
from that quarter.
Mr. KING. I will ask the gentleman if he
voted for the resolution to receive Kossuth?
Mr. STANLY. These are real exiles, and no
humbug.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is it in order to move
an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I give notice, then 
[Cries of "Order!" ii Order!'']
The question being put upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules, there were—yeas 46, nays 125; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, William Appleton, Barrere
Bell, John If. Boyd, Bienton, Geoige H. Brown, Burrows,
E. Carnngton Cabell, Thompson Campbell, Cli<uidlei.
Cleveland, Chngman, Conger, Cuiti*, I)iMi« y, Dntj, Dun-
can. Freeman, Goodenow, Hdiper, Hart, Hebard, Howard,
Kuhns. Mann, Humphrey Mar-hail, Maitin, Mmei, Henry
I). Mooie, John Mooif, Polk, Ilobbms Robm«on, Sackctt,
Stanlj, Frcdenek P. Stanton. Richaid H. Stanton, Thad-
dcus Stevens, Stuart, Taylor, Thurston, Tuck, Walbridge,
Walsh, and Williams—46.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Chailos Allen, Wilhs Allen,
Aihs-on, John Appleton, Ashe, Aveiett, Thomas H. Ba\ly,
Baitlett, Bibighaus. Bocoek, Bn gs, Albert G. Brown,
Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter, Cas-
kie, Chapman, Churchwell, Ciaik, Cobb, George T. Davis,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmiek, Dunham. Dnr- ,
kee, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmundson, Evving, Faulkner, J
Fieklin, Fitch, Florence, Fowler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, 1
Gamble, Gayioid, Gentrv, Gnldings, Gilmore, Goinian,
Grow, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Isham G. Harns, Has-
cdil. Haven. J-Iendneks, llenn. Hibbaid, Hillyer, Houston,
John W. Ilowe, Hunter, Ingersolf, [ves, Jackson, Jenkins,
Andiew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson, Robeit
W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones. George W. Jo e<, J. Clancy
Jone*, Pie^ton King, Kurtz, Lefeher, Loekhart, Mace,
Edwaid C. Marshall, Mason, McLanahan, MeMuihn,
McNair, Meade, Milison, Moirwon, Muiphj, Mun.iy,
Nabeis, Newton, Old', Orr, Outlaw, Andiew Parker,
Peasier1, Penn, Perkins, Phe!p>. Powell, Pnee, RarHoul,
Richardson, llobie, Ro«s, Savage, Sehooieiaft, Scudder,
Scurry, Ongon S. Sejmour, Skelton, Smith, Snow,
Benjamin Stanton, Abiaham P- Stevens Alexander!! Ste-
phens, St. Maitin, Stiatton, Sweet .ei, George W. Thomp-
son, Townshcnd, Wallace, Ward, Washburn, Wfctkiiis,
Welch, Addison. White, Alexander White, and Wileo.v—
125.
So the motion to suspend the rules was disa-
greed to. ;
[At the request of Mr. Sta\tly, the reporters j
insert the following article from a New York paper, ;
as the information to which he referred. The rules
not having been suspended, he had no opportu-
nity to bring the evidence before the House:
"The IIunoa.ri.vn Exiles.—We are assured on all
hands, that theie is exceedingly great suffering among the
exiles from Hungary, now m thi* city ; arid they present a
elaun for the sympathy of our fellow-citizens, which should
not go unheeded. Every man of them is willing to lahoi it ]
the opportunity offer*; and we know a Magyar noble ot j
hirrii iauk, who after struggling for months to pievent star- ;
vation and avoid beggary, boasts that he now earns m a ^
hat factory, twenty-seven cents a week mure than his -
hoaid! Yet he is one of the most fortunate among bis
countrymen—many of whom are suffering incredibly.
" It has been suggested, and, we think wisely, now that
it is apparent to eVerybody that nothing can be done for
Hungary, with the funds recently raised here, that the com-
mittee get together and call upon the donors, through the*
prew, for permission to use this fund for the benefit of tiie-
suffermg Hungarians in our midst! This is feasible, prac-
ticable, and wise; and this should be done. Not one dollar'
ot the sum raised can be used in Europe ; and this is fully
demonstrated by the recent usurpation in France. We
hope, therefore, that tftc committee who has eharge of this
fund, will ask permission of those who contributed it, lo-
use it for the relief of the really suffering Hungarians m the
United State«, instead of squandering it upon so visionary
a project as the creation oi a revolution in Hungary. Every
member ot the committee well Knows, that it cannot be usecf
foi the benefit of Hungary, except in aid of her suffering
children in America; and we therefore entteat of them to
strive and appiopriate its with the sanction of the donors, to-
this praisewoithy object, instead of leaving it to he squan-
dered hereuftet, in some reckless and futile attempt to dis-
turb the peace of Europy. Even Kossuth, now that he
sees what has occurred in France, with the sanction of the-
French people, should counsel this, proceeding.
But one thing is certain,—there is sujferin* in our very
midst by the exiles from Hungary; audit is the duty of"
those who possess the means, to extend to them the aid they
so imperatively require, to jtrevent death by starvation and
the inclemency of the season.]
Mr. WALLACE. I ask the unanimous con"
sent of the Hottse to offer a resolution.
Mr. FICKLIN. . I insist upon the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ficklin] objects to the introduction of the-
resolution.
Mr. WALLACE. Then I move a suspension
of the rules.
The resolution was then read for information,,
as follows:
Resolved, That the papers in the invalid pension clantt
of Hamilton Carroll, of South Carolina, be withdrawn-
from the files, and refeued to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FICKLIN. I withdraw my objection to
the resolution.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I call for the regu-
lar order of the day.
BOUNTY LANDS.
The SPEAKER announced, as the regular or-
der of business, the resolution submitted by Mr,
Aiken, when the States were last called for reso-
lutions, which had been amended so as to read as
follows, viz:
£t Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the justicc and propriety of allowing
bounty land to the Washington Light InUntiy, Washing-
ton Volunteers.German Fusiliers, and Hamburg Volunteers,
of South Caiolma, who weie engaged in the Flouda war,
and were diM h.irged beloie the expiration of one month
from the eommeneement of their term of service ; and that
the accompanying papers be, and are hereby, referred
to the said committee; also, all those persons who were
engaged in the removal of the Cheiokee Indians west of
the Missisbippi liver, from 1835 to 1838; and also, the Ver-
mont Volunteers who were engaged in the battle of Platts-
burg."
The pending question when the House passed
from its consideration being upon agreeing to the
following- amendment, submitted by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Fowler,] viz: *
"And also the soldiers of the revolutionniy war who
served less than six months, and more than one month."
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment pending, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the adoption
of the resolution as amended, it was taken and
agreed to.
So the resolution as amended was adopted.
REPORT ON THE COAST SURVEY.
Mr. GORMAN. I offer the following report
from the Committee on Printing:
The Committee on Printing, to whom was re-
ferred the subject of the Coast Survey, have di-
rected me to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That theie be printed for the u-e of the House*
of Representatives five thou-and copies of the Coast Su -
vey leport, and one thousand for the u*e of the Supoiin-
tendent of the said survey.
Mr. EVANS. I move to amend that resolution,,
not by increasing the number of copies, but by
dividing them equally, so as to make three thou-
sand for the use of the House of Representatives,
and three thousand for the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey. If I were to make my motion, the
House of Representatives should have one thou-
sand, and the Coast Survey the other five thousand.
I apprehend it will be a much better disposition-
than that proposed by the honoiable chairman of
this committee. A very injudicious use is com-
