1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
in favor of four thousand copies, and that the
House increased it to six thousand copies.
Mr. HOUSTON. X understood the gentleman
to say that they increased the number to six thou-
sand to be divided equally between the House and
the Coast Survey office.
Mr. EVANS. Oh no, I did not say that.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not speaking of the
gentleman's proposition, but of his argument.
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman misunderstood
me. 1 said that the House increased the number
to six thousand. I am in favor of ten thousand
now.
Mr. HOUSTON. At the first session of the last
Congress, the House did not increase the number
reported by the committee, but adopted the report
of the committee, ordering the printing of four
thousand five hundred extra copies—five hundred
of which were given to the office of the Coast Sur-
vey. At the second session of the 31st Congress,
I find by the Journal that the committee reported
that six thousand extra copies of the report of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey be printed
—five thousand for the use of the House and one
thousand for the Coast Survey office. So that in-
stead of the Committee on Printing having now de-
parted from the usages of the House, they are m
fact conforming to those usages more strictly than
we should be if we agreed to this amendment.
Ill deciding on these^ propositions to print, we
are not only called upon to consider the direct and
immediate expense of the particular item of print-
ing; they involve considerations of a much higher
character.
Mr. FULLER, (interrupting.) Can the gen-
tleman state what will be the expense of this extra
printing ?
Mr. HOUSTON. X do not know what the
expense would be, and I am not going to argue
upon that subject. I intended to present this view
to the House: that on a proposition of this sort,
we have only to refer to the legislation of Con-
gress heretofore to see how all these things grow
and increase. The expense at this or the preced-
ing Congress may be too small and trifling to
occupy our time for consideration or investiga-
tion, yet these things grow and enlarge until after
a while they become so large as to be serious
items—as in the case of the orders to print the
Patent Office reports. As a proof of this, gen-
tlemen have only to look at the contingent fund of
this House for printing, which has inci eased within
thelast few years from fifty thousand or seventy-five
thousand dollars, to nearly three hundred thousand
dollars. Why is this? How has it been brought
about? It is because these various small items
are presented to us, which we readily adopt, and
then they go on enlarging session after session,
until finally they become serious items of expend-
iture.
There is another consideration involved in this
proposition. Gentlemen tell us that these mem-
bers who represent interior districts and whose
constituencies are not, therefore, so deeply inter-
ested in these documents, can hand them over to
those who represent constituencies on the sea-
board. It is very true that they could do so. But
is that the object of our legislation? Are we to
make appropriations for the printing of large num-
bers of documents which do not—according to the
confession and admission of the gentlemen them-
selves—interest all parts of the country? If it is
true that all parts of the country are not interested
in this document, then the number reported by
the committee is large enough.
I am informed that the Senate have ordered ten
thousand extra copies of this report of the Coast
Survey to be printed, and, if I am not mistaken,
five thousand copies go to the Coast Survey
office; and yet it is proposed here to give several
thousand copies more to that office. How many
copies of the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury do you give to that officer to distribute? IIow
many copies of their reports do you give to the
officers of the other bureaus and departments of
the Government for distribution? None at all.
Not a copy. But this is to he an exception to the
general rule: and, singularly enough, that exception
is attempted to be applied to a document which is
admitted by the friends of the proposition to print
a large number, to be uninteresting to a large por-
tion of the people of this country.
My object m rising was more particularly to
bring before the House the facts to which I have
referred as having occurred in the last Congress,
and you willfind the same in previous Congiesses.
I do not intend to investigate or discuss here the
merits or demerits of this Coast Survey, i am
willing to acknowledge its merits; but while I do
that, 1 do not feel called upon to go further than the
comiftittee have gone in the printing of extra copies
of the report.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I think that all
the copies of this report that are ordered to be
printed—and I am not now going to discuss the
propriety of the number—ought to be left with the
Coast Survey for distribution to those persons who
may want them. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. VenableJ says that this document
is very much sought after in his district. He rep-
resents an interior district, I believe, and so do I,
and I can say that the document is never sought
after from me, in my district, although I d<^ not
doubt that it is much desired in some of the dis-
tricts of the country—those along the coast. It is
but a waste of money to give me a number of
these documents to distribute. I know not to whom
to send them. Persons wanting them do not write
to me for them. Now, if they are all left in the
Coast Survey office, they can distribute them in
the best manner. I, therefore, heartily concur in
the suggestion of the gentleman from Maryland,
that at least half of whatever number we order
should go to the Coast Survey, and if it was in
order I should move that the whole of them should
go to that office.
Mr. HAMMOND. It is not my purpose to
oppose either the resolution offered by the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Printing, or the
amendment. Bui I do desire to know what it is
I am about to do, and I desire the House to know
what it is they are about to do. Now* I wish to
know from the gentlemen who compose the Com-
mittee on Public Printing, whether they intend
that all the plates and charts that accompany this
report of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey
shall be printed? This is a question which will
come up appropriately on the report of the Com-
mittee on Engraving. It may seem extraordinary
that there should be any doubt whether the charts
which accompany this report are to be printed
with it, but it will not seem so extraordinary when
gentlemen are reminded that they refused, the
other day, to publish the maps from the Commis-
sioner of the Land Office showing the public lands
that have been surveyed, and the character of
those lands—whetherswarnpor mineral, or of what
character—maps which are certainly as import-
ant as these charts. These charts are no more in-
teresting to our constituents upon the sea-board
than were these maps which the House refused to
publish the other day to our Western settlers and
to ail who are migrating to the West.
But it lias been said by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] that this engraving
has already been done, and that no additional
expense will be incurred except that which per-
tains to the press-work and paper. It is very
true that these charts have been engraved upon
copper, but to publish the large number of ex-
tra copies which will be ordered, in time to be
of any use to the House during the present ses-
sion, the impressions will have to be transferred
from the copper to stone, and the expense of that
transfer will be added to the expense of the print-
ing and paper, which by itself will be a material
item in so large a number of copies as five or ten
thousand. "Yet 1 suppose it would be as extraor-
dinary to imagine that any person could under-
stand this report without the charts as it would be
to expect that a child could learn geography with-
out an atlas. The House need not be surprised,
if they pass this resolution intending the charts to
be published, if six or seven thousand extra cop-
ies should cost &t least upwards of $2,000.
Mr. MEADE. It seems to me that to carry
out the policy that governed us in ordering this
printing, some steps should be taken to secure its
fruits. I agree with the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] that the distribution of these
works among the members of Congress is of very
little use, and does not answer the purposes for
which they should be published, and that is to
improve the commerce and facilitate the trade of
the country. If we intend to appropriate to our-
selves any'benefit that may be derived from the
work of these officers, we should distribute their
reports among the owners of vessels. Let every
vessel of so many tons burden, for instance, fee
furnished with a copy, to belong to the vessel as
an appendage to it. In that way we may realize
the fruits of this labor, but not by distributing
four or five thousand copies among the members
of Congress, most of whom live in interior dis-
tricts, where the work cannot be appreciated and
will be of no service. 1 thoroughly agree with
the gentleman from Georgia, that it will be a
work of supererogation; and so far as I am con-
cerned, though I represent a district that has somes
connection with the sea-coast, I should be per-
fectly satisfied to have only half a dozen copies or
so to supply some few individuals, while the resi-
due of the copies should be deposited in the Coast
Survey office for distribution.
But the only question with me is whether it is
competent for Congress to expend money for this
purpose; and while the gentleman from Georgia
was addressing the House upon this subject, it
occurred to me that if we did not think proper to
order this work to be distributed among the navi-
gators of the United States, we might, at least,
place it in such a condition as to enable them to ob-
tain it by adopting the policy which is usually
pursued by the State governments in reference to
the publication of the decisions of their courts of
appeal. In my own State, so many copies of
those decisions are ordered to be printed at the
public expense, and then a sufficient number is
also printed to supply the practising attorneys
throughout the Commonwealth, and others who
may want them, at the cost of the work.
1 am not particular in relation to the manner in
which this thing shall be done, or whether it shall
be done entirely, or only in part at the expense of
the Government; but as the publication is to be
made, as the printing is to be done, as the copies
are to be furnished, and as they must ultimately
be paid for out of the Treasury of the United
States, let us adopt that mode by which the coun-
try can reap the most benefit—that is by causing
the distribution of the work among those who are
engaged in navigation. Let the work be distrib-
uted along the coast where it may be useful. It
can be of no service to gentlemen residing in the
interior of the country, except to some few literary
men who would make this study a matter of
amusement. Generally speaking, it would be of
very little service to any other class of our citi-
zens but commercial men and navigators.
Now,inasmuch as to secure the object at which
I have hinted, it would be necessary to draft this
resolution more particularly with reference to that
object, I should prefer that the subject should" be
passed over for to-day,so as to aflord members an
opportunity of preparing amendments, which
would secure the object which we all have in view
—to make such a distribution of this work as will
enable those most interested in it to derive most
profit from it. I suggest to the friends of the meas-
ure, the propriety of passing it over for the present.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I should re-
gret exceedingly to see thig resolution disposed
of in the manner proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] or in any other way which
would produce the slightest delay. The eminent
gentlemen who are at the head of the Coast Sur-
vey, are very anxious that the resolution sho'uld
be adopted. They have appealed to me to urge
its" passage, that1" the work may be in a state of
progress as soon as possible; and surely if we in-
tend to give to the country the benefit of so im-
portant a report, we should do it immediately.
As a member of the Printing Committee, I have
had an opportunity of learning the wishes of the
gentlemen having charge of the Coast Survey, m
regard to the printing of these extra numbers of
the report. They ask for ten thousand copies.
In view of the interesting and valuable character
of the work, I do not think this number too many.
It differs materially from the report of last year,
because it contains highly important and valuable
information not contained in other reports. It
brings the work down to July, 1851, and imbodies
a variety of geographical and other valuable facts
connected with the work, and interesting and im-
portant to the country, never before published.
By the aid of the gentlemen having charge of the
Survey, I am enabled to afford some idea of what
the report will contain:
"it will give two thiuls of the wmk as it has' pro-
gressed tlie present season, und nearly all of former seasons.
It will contain sixty-five sketches, ftrty of which wilt
