1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
An honorable Senator suggests that we will have
to fight for it. That may he; but I think the
fight is going on now. That fight is between
Collins and Cunard. The English Government
stands by her man. He failed once, and broke
down; but the Government put him on his feet
again. Collins says he is now in the same posi-
tion; that he wants a little of the sinews of war,
$14,000 more per trip, in order to sustain the con-
test. The question is, whether this Government
will do for him what the English Government
have done for Cunard—sustain our man in this
fight. I much prefer this war of steam and com-
merce to any other war. No blood will be spilt
in it. The "sinews of war" employed are only
a little money; and if the Government will only
stand by its citizens in the contest, the victory is
won.
But the honorable Senator from Virginia says,
that this would be encouraging a monopoly. My
object is directly the contrary. We established
this line for the purpose of putting down the mo-
nopoly which England had over our commerce.
Let me say to the honorable Senator, that if the
Collins line goes down, or is withdrawn, then
there will be a monopoly over which we will have
no control. The English Government will have
the control of the transportation of every letter, and
every pound of specie, of passengers, and of most
of the freights from and to Europe. Then, indeed,
we shall be subject to a complete monopoly.
Again: it is said that if we protect this branch
of business, we should protect other branches.
Sir, I am willing to protect every branch of Ameri-
can labor and American enterprise which needs
protection against English capital and English
combination. Whenever we find England, by
means of Government patronage, building up and
protecting her manufactures, 1 say we are bound
to give the like protection to the same kind of
manufactures in this country, unless we intend to
yield entirely to her. The gentleman referred to
the iron manufactures of the country. I know
that they need protection. Every man who has
examined their prostrate condition, must admit
that they require protection at once, by some modi-
fication of the present tariff laws. While I give
my vote for the purpose of protecting this branch
of American enterprise and labor, I am also ready
and anxious to give proper protection to the man-
ufacturers of iron, and other manufacturers in this
country. I go for the principle, and will stand by
one and all of the great American interests, to
sustain them against the overbearing competition
of England.
Again, it is said that if we grant the favor to
New York, other cities will be coming in and
asking similar favors. Now, in the first place, I
do not consider this is a favor granted to the city
of New York. I look upon it as a national ques-
tion, m which we are all concerned. I look upon
it as a matter of policy for the whole country, and
that every city in the Union is as much interested
in that policy as New York itself. But if the gen-
tleman will bring forward for any city a case like
this, where there is competition between an Amer-
ican and an English line of steamers, I will go for
sustaining the American line. For instance, we
have now established, or are about to establish, a
line from New Orleans to Mexico. If England
establishes a line along side of it, I am ready to
protect our line against any competition that Eng-
land may bring against it.
But I know of no such case. It is easy to defeat
an application of this kind, by saying that if you
grant this, you may grant others. Wait till they
come, and let us judge of every case upon its own
merits. It turns out, upon examination of the peti-
tions sent here, that twenty-one citics of this Union
have petitioned in favor of this appropriation; and
I have not heard of more than one remonstrance
against it; and that is from the city of New York.
I have not heard the slightest objection to this
allowance from any other city of the Union. I
have no doubt that there is some opposition to it
in the city of New York; but that opposition is
confined to a very few.
I have thus presented my views with regard to
this subject. 1 have done so at much length, for
I consider it to be one of high importance to the
country. I must beg pardon of the Senate for
having trespassed so long upon its attention.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to submit some con-
siderations in favor of the passage of this amend-
ment, but as it is too late to proceed to-day, 1 move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from New York that, if he is not ready to go
on with the discussion of this amendment, it can
be laid over until to-morrow. There are some
other amendments of the Committee on Finance,
on which we might act, and of which we might
dispose, during the next half hour, if this amend-
ment is laid over. I hope that I .shall have unan-
imous consent to pursue this course.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 have no objection to that
course, if it be understood that I am to have the
floor. I therefore withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENT. It will require unanimous
consent to pass over the amendment reported by
the committee, to take up any other subject, while
it is under consideration; but, if there be no ob-
jection, the Chuir will pursue that course.
There was no objection.
The next amendment of the committee was a
verbal one, to strike out <l hereafter," after the
word "Government," in the 3d section of the
bill, and insert the words "hereafter made" after
the word "contract," so that the 3d section should
read:
Sec. 3, And be it furthei enacted, That no part of the
appropriations herein made for the benefit of any tribe, or
part of a tribe of Indians, shall be paid to any attorney or
agent of such tribe, or part o{ a tube; but shall, in every
case, be paid directly to the Indians themselves, to whom
it shall be due, or to the tribe or part of a tribe, per capita,
unless the imperious interest of the Indians shall require
the payment to be made collectively. Nor shall the Exec-
utive branch of the Government recognize any contract
hereafter made between any tribe or part of a tribe, and
any attorney or agent, lor the prosecution of any claim
against the Government, or under this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have several amendments
to offer, under instructions from the Committee
on Finance. The first is to insert this clause:
For the pasting, in books prepared for the purpose, can-
celed certificates of the registry and enrollments of vessels
returned by the several collectors of the customs, $500.
This is according to estimate. The work is
very necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am also directed by the
Committee on Finance to move to amend by in-
serting the following:
For the reappropriahon of $10,000 for the redemption of
outstanding loan office and final settlement certificates;
this being a portion ot the sum ot §37,589 59 heretofore ap-
propriated foi that purpose, and earned to the surplus fund
on the 31st day of Deceinbei, 1843: Provided, That here-
after all claims on account of such loan office and final
settlement ceitificatH, unle&s presented at the Treasury of
the United States within two years from the date ol the
parage of tins act, shall be considered as barred, and not
hereaftei pajable.
This is in pursuance of estimate. There was
an outstanding appropriation of §37,580 59 for the
payment of these loan office certificates. It was
carried to the surplus fund. Since then, certificates
have been presented to the amount of §5,000; and
the Secretary estimates that an appropriation of
$10,000 will probably cover those that are to be
brought in. The Committee on Finance propose
to add the proviso contained in the amendment.
As this is a very old transaction—as the certifi-
' cates were issued m 1793 and 1795, the committee
' thought it better to provide that they should be
I closed within two years.
I Mr. WALKER. I simply wish to remark, in
i regard to this matter, that there has been a bill,
, during the present session, refened to the Com- j
' mitteeon Revolutionary Claims, making provision ;
i for the payment of these outstanding loan office j
| and final settlement certificates. The bill has been i
i reported upon by the committee. If I remember j
' the bill correctly, it proposes to reappropriate the !
( sum of $70,000, which was once appropriated for
1 this purpose, and which had reverted to*the sur-
| ■ plus fund. I do not very well understand why this
|i appropriation should now be made for such a small
I amount, when there seems to be a necessity for
p the reappropriation of the sum of £70,000, which
j: has reverted to the surplus fund, for the purpose
| of meeting these outstanding certificates. I do not
i1 know but there may be something to which the
5 mind of the chairman of the Committee on Finance
!' has not been called m regard to this matter.
;1 Mr. HUNTER. This is strictly in pursuance
i of estimate. I have no other knowledge of the
' matter than that furnished by the Secretary of the
\, Treasury. He informed the committee, in a letter,
that certificates to the amount of §5,000 had been
presented, and he asked for an appropriation of
|10,000. There were outstanding certificates to
the amount of something like $133,000; and that
amount was appropriated some years ago for their
payment. A part of this amount has since passed
to the surplus fund. The Secretary now asks for
an appropriation of $10,000; and the committee
proposed to insert the proviso, that all these cer-
tificates should he barred, unless presented within
two years. The residue of the amendment is
strictly in accordance with the estimate.
Mr. BADGER. I have no objection to the
amendment, but I want to suggest to my friend
from Virginia, a modification of the phraseology
of part of it. In the limitation of time, I observe
the phrase " from the date of the passage of this
act. Now, there are two considerations which
I think would suggest the omission of the words
" the date of," so as to leave it " from the passage
of this act." The first is, that there can be no
conceivable difference between the passing of the
act, and the date of passing the act; and the second
consideration which 1 suggest to the Senator from
Virginia, as he is an advocate for reform and
economy, is, that it would save so much in the
printing of the law by leaving out the words " the
date of." [Laughter.] I therefore move to strike
out those words.
Mr. HUNTER. This is rather a small begin-
ning, to be sure, but as it is the first effort at econ-
omy which the Senator from North Carolina was
ever known to make, I am disposed to indulge
him. [Renewed Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. Allow me to add, that as this is
the first evidence of progress 1 have seen on the
part of the honorable Senator, [continued laugh-
ter,] I accord it to him.
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest to the Senator
from North Carolina, that, like all new converts,
his zeal has carried him too far. He has moved to
strike out too much. The word "from" should
be left in.
Mr. BADGER. I have left it in.
Mr. HALE. Then it is right.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment
to offer from the Committee on Finance. It is to
insert—
For payment to Augustus Humbert of the balance of his
salary as United States assayer of gold, in California,
under the act of 30th of September, 1850, $1,250.
This is in accordance with estimates for the
balance of a salary due according to law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
have also instructed me to move to insert the fol-
lowing item:
To enable the Secretary of State to pay William E. An-
derson, foi the loss of tune and expenses incurred in coming
from Rio Janeiro to Nerv York, under the direction of the
American Minister at the Brazilian Court, to testify against
certain persons alleged to have been engaged in the slave-
trade, ^*250.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to suggest that this
amendment certainly provides for a private claim,
and is therefore excluded by the rule, as 1 under-
stand it.
Mr. HUNTER. This is not, I think, a private
claim. This man was a witness, who was sent
home by our Minister at Brazil, to appear at a
trial in this country. There happened to be no
appropriation applicable to this purpose, and there-
fore it is necessary to put it in this bill. This in-
dividual, with his family, is now in New York in
great distress. I have a letter from him on the
subject, which I will read if any Senator desires it.
Several Senators. It is not necessary.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 do not object to the allow-
ance at all. I do not know but that it is entirely
right. I would merely suggest that, in my opin-
ion, the rule excludes it.
Mr. HUNTER. It is for the service of the
current year.
Mr. BADGER. It is a public claim.
i The PRESIDENT. The Senator makes no
] question for the Chair to decide.
! The amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. HUNTER. I present another amendment
under the direction of the committee. It is to in-
, sert—
Foi the contingent expenses of the Library of Congress,
: $800.
