1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
of Mississippi, appointed; and the question being \
put, the tellers reported—ayes 80, noes 45. j
!So the previous question received a second.
The mam question was ordeied to be now put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a 1
third reading, and being engrossed, was read a
third time and passed.
Mr. STANLY gave notice of his intention to
move to reconsider the vote by which the bill in
relation to the lands for the University of the State
of Indiana was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of Union-
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved that the
vote just taken, by which the bill passed, be re-
considered, and that the motion do he upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
PRE-EMPTIONS TO CERTAIN SETTLERS.
Mr. FREEMAN,from the Committee cn Pub-
he Lands, repotted back without amendment and
with a recommendation that it do pass, House bill
for the protection of actual settlers occupying land
upon the line of the Chicago and Mobile Railroad
and branches, by granting to thtm preemption
rights.
Mr. F. I hope the bill will be read for inform-
ation, and then I will state the reasons why I think
it ought to pass.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it cn.tcied, -5'c., That each ami every pci^on who, on
the twentieth day of Septeniboi, in theycai of oui Loul one
thou-mml eiqlir hundred and fifty, wa* the owner o( any
improvement made previous to that (hue on any tract of
land now owned by the United State-, and -minted within
the limits5 received from nale hy ordei of the Government,
because of the grant of alternate >ection< to the States of
Illinois, Mi^Msnppi, and Alabama, m aid of the eon-true
lion ot the Chiea«o ami Mobile Kinlro.ul and br.uu-lie^ by
vii tue of nn net ot Coni?re--approved September twentieth,
eighteen handled ami liity, entitled \n aet uiantin^ the
1 n«ht of'w.iy, and makiiii,' a jji.uit o! land to the ^t.ite* ot
1 Illinois, .Mt--i-.-i|)pi, and Al, hanm, in did of the eon-.tnir-
<tion ()t a railroad fiom C/w-airo to iW< f>rJ<', mid who be- '
eanic sueh owner with a view to a ie-idenee on, oi ocou- >
patlOU oi', .-Uell tract of land toi aarieullm.il pur|iOM'-, -lull ■
Jiave the ri«<ht to purehu^e, at the pnee established bj l.uv 1
in regulating the sale- of said lands, a quantity oi the tiaot 1
so imptovejl not less than Jorty. nor moie ihan one bundled
and Mxty aeies, in legal -nbdivi-nm-, on vsljieh -.aid im-
proveinent may be -Mnated: Prowled, 'J'tiat anv jiei-on
claiming the light to piarhase umiei any piovi-um of tin.- ]
aet, shall, within tlnee month" tiom the date heioof, file ;
with the register of the proper land olhee a notice describing 1
the land by us nmnbeis, accompanied with an affidavit
stating the date suid object ol the tmpjovement, the tune |
and manner, when and'how, he, -he, or they, b.vame the :
owner theiem, ;md nl>o ihe nllidavits of at lea>t two km '
dent- ot the conntv m whieh sir h nnpi ovement is -nuated,
proxing that -aui improvement w.i- made with a view to
re-ulence, or I'm agrieuiiuial puipo^e** .tfm' prowled,
ftnthrr. That the light cW way upon and aero— ,iu\ tiaet
of land claimed under the piovt-aon-i of thi«. aet, not e\
eeeding two bundled icet m widdi, s^hnJl be received and
retained tor the -aid railroad and hianeluv, as the same
may be located and con-ti nefed ; and ;tm pet-on claiming
the n-'ht to puieha-e a- afore-anl, -halt. witinn twelve
mouth- from the pa—a^'e ot tin- act, ju\ to the n«eeiv<>j of
the proper Intid ollice, the Mini ol money -o e-tahli-hed bv
law to be paid a- aloresaul; «md on l.uliue ot -aid aeiual
settle! ctt'lei to piovelns light of pilemptiou w 11 Inn tin ee
months, or to p'i\ for the land within tw eh e month-aftei
the passage of tin < aet, as herein leijuned, the s,ud land
containing the improvement* a- atoieraid, -hall ho >uh|(;ct
to cnti\ bv any other jvimhi ni iking appln ation theielor.
Srr -2. shut be it fvilhci enact erf, Tli.it when two ot
moie pen-ons claim the right to pineha-e the -nine tin-1 of
land, ami file ptoor of ownet-lup a- herein ictjmied, the
pei-on [Moving the fust lesulenee by himself, or bv those
with whom he claim- the improvement, -hall have the u I)t
to make the pmcha-e, but no -ale oi couvevanee ot any
tr.iet ol land under the | tovi-irun of iIu-j net -huD t the
or ctjtntie, oi jjattie- claiming lite -aine a- between
each oiij.'i.
Mr. MKACIIAAT. I move that fin: bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. FREEMAN. T have not yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. The <rentleJiif>n from Ver-
mont [Mr. Mkacham] cannot take the floor from
the gentleman from Mississippi to make his mo-
tion.
Mr. FREEMAN. That bill, I think, explains
itself, and I also think commends itself to the im-
mediate attention of the members of tins House.
If. is just as easy to act upon it now as it wiil be
at any future time.
A railroad has already been charrered, and is in
process of construction, from Chicago, Illinois, to
Mobile, Alabama. The public lands for fifteen
miles on cither side of the road, have been reserved
from sale for eighteen months, and are now to he
reexpospd for sale. Upon those lands the hordy
pioneers of the forest have already acquired by
their actual settlement, a claim to the rights of pre-
emption.
The object of this bill is simply to enable these
men, who have gone to the wilderness and erected
their homes upon the public lands, to complete
their titles. That is simply and substantially the
nature, and the only object of the bill. I am sure
no man within the sound of my voice needs any
further argument upon this point. Now, I ask
gentlemen if they will vote to send this bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where it will sleep the sleep of death for the bal-
ance of the session? I appeal to the House in
behalf of the hardy pioneer of the forest. I ap-
peal in behalf of the man whose axe cuts down
the first tree in the forest, and whose plow first
turns the virgin earth to the sun. I appeal to the
members ot tins House to come forward and give
these log-cabin men a vote in this, their hour of
need. I cad for the previous question upon the
passage of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Mississippi what need there is for any other
provision than that contained in the general pre-
emption law for these people?
Mr. FREEMAN. Because, by the aet of the
Government, they have been pi evented from com-
plying with the general preemption laws.
Mr. HUNTER. Had they settled upon the
land at the time the act passed reserving it from
sale'
Mr. FREEMAN. They had. The time of
settlement is a matter which each individual will
have to prove for himself. That is not for this
House to decide. This bill applies only to such
aw have a legal preemption right.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Will the gentleman
allow me to <tslc him a question ?
The SPEAK.ER. Discussion is out of order.
Mr. FREEMAN. I have called the previous
question, and I hope it will receive a second.
The blouse was d.vided upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question; and 49 gentlemen
rose in the allirmative.
Mr. FICKLIN demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Freeman and Meaciiam
were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
potted—ayes 58, noes 45; no quorum voting.
Mr. FICKLIN. I ask for a recount. i
Mr. iSTANTON, of Ohio. I object. i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move a call of !
the House, and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
All. BROWN, of Mississippi. There is evi-
dently a quorum present. I hope the gentleman
fiotn Tennessee will withdraw his motion for a
call of the House. It is simply a waste of time.
Mr. JONES. I have no disposition to impede
the business of the House. I will withdraw the
mot.'on.
The SPEAKER. The tellers will again take
their places.
jVli.fcSTANLY. I object. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to '
know upon whatground the gentleman from North j
Carolina had the right to object to having a re-
count? j
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion |
thai he has a right to dmde the House again for !
the purpose of ascertaining whether theie is a quo- 1
rum of the House present. j
Mr. STANLY. 1 hope the Chair will not de- i
pait fiom his own decision which he has hereto- !
fore adopted when there is no necessity for it. I [
mo\e that there be a call of the House, and upon
that motion I ask the yeas and nays. That is the .
pioper way to ascertain whether there is a quorum J
present or not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit this sug- ,
gestion to the Chair: Suppose we have a call of!
the House, and ascertain that there is a quorum ,
present, if the Chair then doubt whether a ma- !
joritv voted for or against seconding the demand !
for the previous question, has he not a n^ht
to divide the House, or has not any member the j
right to call for a division or for telleis? '
The SPEAKER. The Chair has before decided
that he has a right to recount the House; but that ,
is not a question to be decided now. The gentle- |
man from North Carolina [Mr. Stanli] motes |
that there be a call of the House, and upon that I
motion demands the yeas and nays. !
The yeas and nays were ordered. I
The question was then taken, and the result was
—yeas 62, nays 89;as follows:
YRAS—Messrs. -Abeicrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, John
Appleton, William Applcton, Ashe, Barrel e, Bartleu, Bo-
cock, Brass, Bii^gs, Lewis 1). Campbell; Chapman, Chas-
tain, Ohurehwell, Cobb, Doty. Ka&tmnn, "Rdgerton, Faulk-
ner, Fitch, Floyd, Fowlej. Gentry, Giddmgs, Goodenow,
Gicen, <jrey, Jlarpei, Hart, Haven, fJebard, Hoisford,
Howard, John W. Howe, Hunter, Ives, Jackson. Jenkins
James Johnson, George G. King, Mace, Maitm, McDonald'
Miller, Henry D. Moore, Morehead, Feimiman, Phelps*
Scudder, SKelton, Smith, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Alex!
ander H. Stephen®, Sweeper, George W. Thompson
Tuck. Walbiulge, Wallace, Washburn, Alexander White'
and Williams—62. ?
NAYS—Messrs. Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Bowie,
Bienion, Albeit G. Brown, E. Carrmgton Cabell, Thomp-
son Campbell, Chandler, Clingman. Conger, Curtis, John
G. Davis, Dawson, DeaTi,Dimimek, Durkee, Fiekhn, Flor-
ence, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gajlord. Goodiich,
Gorman, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, Isham G. Hairis, Hen-
dricks, Hibbaid, HUlyer, Houston, Andiew Johnson,Rob-
ert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Preston Kmg,Kuhn«, Kuitz, Landiy. Letch-
er, Lockhait, Humphrey Mar>hall, Ma^on, McMnlhn, Mc-
Nair, McQueen, Meacham, Meade, Millson, Minor, Mo-
lony,John Moore, Morrison, Munay, Nabers, Olds, Out-
law. Ainhew Paiker, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn,
Petkins, Polk, Price, Iluldle, Robbms, lloss. Saekett, Sav-
age, Soimv, Ougen S. Seymour,Smart, FrederickT. Stan-
ton. Itifhard H. Stanton, Stone, St Martin, Stuart, Taylor,
Thurston, Town^hend, Ward, Watkms, Wells, Addison
White, Wilcox, and Yates—89.
So the call of the House was not ordered.
The SPEAKER. The tellers will again re-
sume their places.
Mr. STANLY. Has not the morning- hoar
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. STANLY. I move that the House do
now proceed to the business upon tile Speaker's
table.
The House was being divided upon the motion,
when
Mr. STANLY withdrew the motion, and moved
that the rides be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB. I ask the Chair if the gentleman
holds the floor to make two motions ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to withdraw one motion and make another.
Mr. PHELPS. \ submit whether the gentle-
man from North Carolina conld get the floor to
make the motion while the House was in the act
of dividing?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman withdrew
the motion upon which the House was dividing.
Mr. PHELPS. Then the question is now in
the state in which it was before the first motion
was made. Now, I submit that the House was
then in the act of dividing, and that the gentleman
had no rii,'ht to make the motion.
The SPEAKER. The previous question had
been demanded, upon which tellers hart been or-
dered, but the question had not been taken.
Mr. PHELPS. I was under the impression
that a division was being made.
The question was then put, and carried in the
affirmative.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hibbakd in the
chair.)
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated, as the business be-
fore the committee, the consideration of House
bill No. 7, being a bill to encourage agriculture,
commerce, mamifactuies, and for other purposes,
on which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mo-
lon'y] was entitled to the iloor.
Mr. MOLONY addressed the House an hour.
He alluded to the present condition of parties in
view of the approaching canvass, and expressed his
behet that ihe Democratic party would triumph-
antly elect the nominees of its convention for
the Presidency and Vice Presidency, whoever
they might be—whether Cass, Buchanan, Doug-
las, or Butler. He then entered into an argument
in favor of the homestead policy, maintaining that
giants of lands from the public domain to actual
settlers theieon was not a Western measure mere-
ly, but was one which affected favorably every
interest in every section of the country, anil added
to the national wealth. He further maintained
that the aigument of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Fuller] was unsound, that the policy of
the bill would injuriously affect the old States, by
draining them of their population; and quoted
