1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
from the census statistics to show that in the last
ten years, embracing the period of the greatest in-
crease of population and settlement in the West,
that there had been an almost corresponding in-
crease in some of the Eastern States, Hence he
argued that, if the bill should pass, it would not
diminish the population in the old States, but drain
them of their surplus agricultural labor, and place
it in a condition where it would become produc-
tive, and thus create a market fbr the products of
the Eastern manufactories. [Mr. M.'s speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr- SUTHERLAND next obtained the floor,
and occupied it an hour in opposition of the policy
of the bill. He maintained that it was unjust,
because it took the public domain, which belonged
to all the people of the country, and bestowed it
tis gratuitous upon certain classes or portions of
the people; and that being thus unjust, it was un-
constitutional. He maintained that it involved a
departure from the Democratic policy, which was,
that these lauds should be held as a source of rev-
enue. The consequence of such a departure would
be an increase of taxation in the indirect mode to
support the Government. [The speech of Mr. S.
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. YATES obtained the floor, but gave way
to
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, who moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was put, and carried in the affirma-
tive.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 7, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Upon motion by Mr. Edgerton, the House
then adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
m.
NOTICE OF A BILL,
Mr. LOCKHART gave notice that on to-morrow, or
some subservient day of the session, he will ask permission
to introduce a joint resolution, explanatoryoftheaetof29d
Maich, 1852, entitled "An act makingiand warrants assign-
able, and for other purpose^."
PETITIONS, &.C.,
The following petitions, memorials, &.C., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. STANTON, of Ohio : The petition of 114 citi-
zens of the city of New York, for Whitney's i ail road to the
Pacific.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of the heirs of William
Young, deceased, praying Congress to grant them compen-
sation for services rendered the Government during hi* life-
time.
By Mr. LOCKHART: The petition of Famuel Hall,
Robert Stookwell, Richard Skinner, and othws* asking for
a grant of lands in aid of tne consti action of the Evansvitle
and Illinois railroad, fiom Evansvitle to Indianapolis, m
the State of Indiana.
By Mr. GOODENOW : The memorial of Jehn M.Mars-
«ton, for relief.
Also, the memorial of John A. Bates, for relief.
By Mr. McNAIR: The memorial of the members of the
congregations of the Presbyterian Church in the District of
Columbia, praying the grant of a lot ofgioundfora ceme-
tery.
By Mr. DUNCAN: The petition of Samuel Webber and
other citizens ot Lawrence, Massachusetts, for an appro-
priation in aid of American contributors to the "London
Industrial Exhibition."
Also, the petition of Nathaniel Webster and 51 other cit-
izens of Salisbury and Amesbury, Massachusetts, for alter-
ations in the present tariff*.
Also, the petition of Micajah Lunt and 45 other mer-
chants and ship-ownos, of Newhuryport, Massachusetts,
for the passage of an actpiohibmrig the carnagc ot freight
and passenger* fur line in Govei nment steam-vessels.
By Mr. RGB BIN'S : The petition of Hon. Chailes II.
Dougheity, and a number of other citizens of New York,
recommending to Congress the propnetv of extending let-
ters patent to the heirs of Uri Emmons tor his invention of
a planing machine.
Al=o. a resolution passed by the Board of Commissioners
of the Northern Libert!^, Philadelphia county, requesting
the liepre.-entaties m Congress to oppose the appropi latum
of money piaved for to endow the Collins line of steamers
of New York,'and urging them to cause the money to be
spent in aiding to build the Sunburv and Erie railroad,con-
necting the Lakes with the Atlantic.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 23, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Pvev. C. M. Butler.
'The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is, the passage of the bill entitled " An act for the
relief of the Monroe Railroad Company, and their
sureties."
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mi*. BROOKS. I find a long article in the Con-
gressional Globe, which, undoubtedly, has refer-
ence to me, and I rise to ask the indulgence of the
House to make a personal explanation.
[Cries of "Agreed !" "Agreed !"]
Mr. STANLY". I object, unless the under-
standing is, that members of the House involved
in this explanation shall have the same privilege
in reply. I want a fair field.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from North
Carolina, I trust, will not object. I would not
request this indulgence of the House, if it were
possible for me, elsewhere than m this House, to
make au official record of my explanation in ref-
erence to the speech i have alluded to.
Mr. STANLY. If it is the undeistanding that
members of this House implicated in the gentle-
man's explanation, shall have also the opportunity
of explaining, I do not object.
[Cries of "Certainly 1" "Certainly !"]
Mr. STANLY. Very well; with that under-
standing, 1 have no objection.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I did not believe
that the time would ever arrive when I should be
called upon to exhibit the bad example of rising,
so to interrupt the ordinary course ot business, as
to ask, in a personal explanation, to refer to my
own private affairs, or to speak of matters, which,
if they interest members of the House, can have
no immediate influence upon public affairs, or with
the business before it. It has been my pride and
ambition, while I have been a member of Con-
gress, to devote myself exclusively to public busi-
ness, and upon all occasions, and at all times,
whenever a topic was before the House, to con-
fine myself and my attention, if J had anything to
say upon it, to the discussion of that topic, and
that topic only. My excuse now for this devia-
tion in this House from the proper practice, and
my excuse to my constituents is what I said be-
fore—that here, in this " Congressional Globe,"
to go down to posterity, are recorded statements
against me, which, if I make an appeal through a
newspaper in the form of a card or otherwise, save
at the bar of this House, it is impossible for me
to send a like record of, down to those who may
possibly be interested in my humble reputation,
or who may wish hereafter to be accurately in-
formed of what led to this attack upon me.
Before I go further, 1 will say that I have taken
occasion in this House before, to remark that I
have but little respect for that chivahy which, be-
fore it assaults a member of Congress, carefully
consults the lines of latitude and longitude, in
order to direct its assaults, and which has billing,
cooing tones for every man south of the Potomac,
but rough and rugged bluster for every man north.
I need not, however, have made this remark, in
this case, because the speaker of this article before
me, is of an age, and in a position to protect him
fiom any personal assault of mine—from any as-
sault here or elsewhere—for I should as soon think
of vindicating myself in that way, from his re-
marks, as if I were assaulted by my own grand-
father.
There are in this article, Mr. Speaker, various
allegations, and the first one which 1 propose to
notice, but which I have before noticed in this
House, is, that a certain letter which appeared m
the New York Express, was written or indited
by me. That, in the most solemn manner, I Imve
already denied upon the floor of this House, and
any further contradiction would be unavailing.
My position here as an editor of a public news-
paper at home, and, as a member of Congress,
has often embarrassed me; and upon becoming a
member of the last Congress, i took occasion then
publicly to say, that in political or personal mat-
ters, orinauythmgappertaimngto persons, I would
have no concern whatsoever, and be in no degiee
responsible for what was in my paper-, because I
foresaw, if I did not adopt that course, I should
be holding personal relations with gentlemen of
opposite politics,orpoliticalrelations, which, from
the greater freedom of newspaper discussion than
that which exists upon the floor of this House,
would very often pain and embarrass me.
That course I have faithfully kept, and former
correspondents, who have been writing for the
New York Express, some of whom may be now
in the sound of my voice, if called upon here or
elsewhere, will, under solemn oath, testify, that
to the.n, upon all occasions, { have said, "Show
me none of yourleuete; let me hear nothing ,of
them—tell me nothing; you may write, for I do
not wish to know anything of the record you
make of the proceedings in Congress." That
order which had previously been given, embar-
rassed me in the previous sessions of Congress
exceedingly, because there were often personal
attacks—I, perhaps, use a harsh expression in
saying personal attacks—but personal comments
upon members of the House, which, in my own
heart, I did not approve, and which 1 would wish
to correct if 1 had been at home. On account of
this, I felt it necessary to say to the correspond-
ents of that paper, at the opening of this Congress,
whenever there is anything in your letters in the
nature of personal attacks or assaults upon mem-
bers of Congress, before your letters go to New
York, at least bring them to me, and while 1 will
not be responsible for what you say, or a single
sentiment you may utter, yet I will not approve
of anything whi h may embarrass my social rela-
tions by attacks in the newspaper with which I am
supposed to be connected. This letter, to which
the honorable gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Stanly] alluded the other day, was brought
to me. No inconsiderable portion of that letter I
struck out. Indeed, all the personal matters I
wished to strike out; but remonstrance was made
to me, thut the rumors which were put forth in
that paper were rumors which were m the mouth
of almost every man—rumors, of course, but the
existence of which I could not deny m the form
they were stated. The letter went before the pub-
lic; and but yesterday, or the day before yester-
day, I disclaimed all personal responsibility for its
statements, facts, or allegations.
There is also connected with this letter an edi-
torial article, said to have been written by me.
This editorial article bears evidence upon its face,
in mislocating the homes of members of Congress,
that it could not have been written by me. And,
to add to the strength of this statement, before
God, I say in the presence of you all, that I never
saw one word or one item of that editorial article,
until it reached me in the New York Express,
and I never read it in full until I first read it in
the " Congressional Globe," reported here in the
paper before me. These are the facts of the
case, which I state fully and frankly. But it is
said, that there is a remarkable similarity of lan-
guage between that letter and the language which
I used in the caucus in the Senate Chamber the
other evening. Havingseen the letter, and having
been fired by such of its sentiments ae I felt to be
just and true, it is but natural that in the warmth
and excitement of controveisy I should have given
utterance to the same thoughts in the same style;
for the earnest, energetic language and indignant
thoughts were such as deeply impressed me when
written—and they were the language and thoughts
of many others associated with me. Amazement,
wonder, astonishment, and passion have one com-
mon language, and like "thoughts that breathe,
and words that burn," spring from the tongue
of every man when astonishing events occur.
Hence this similarity of language. Hence this
identity of thought. This accounts for it, and noth-
ing more.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there are other insinuations
in this article of the Congressional Globe m the
main amusing, though enough insulting; and the
first is, that I am no gentleman. No gentleman !
Well, that would indeed be a severe verdict against
my reputation if the person who renders it, was
some Beau Brummel, the head of eome fashion-
ably-constituted board which had a right to pass
upon what constitutes gentility, and to adjust the
qualities and character of a gentleman. There is
nothing on earth more difficult to describe—though
every one has the idea in his mind—the beau ideal
of what constitutes a gentleman; but when you
approach the language of definition, of what con-
stitutes gentility, there is nothing: upon which
mankind will more disagree. Btit as to what con-
stitutes not a gentleman, there is really very little
difference of opinion among mankind; and all the
world will agree in saying, that he who comes
fresh from the purlieus of Billingsgate, or from the
bacchanalian orgies of some midnight revel, and
vomits forth his bile in an American Senate against
