2ea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
pose at all to confer any discretionary power upon
the Secretary of tlie interior. On the contrary, it
requires bim, in the first place, to let out the com-
position and the press-work; in the next place, to
contract for the supply of paper; and in the third
place, to contract for the binding, in conformity
with the provisions of an act entitled " An act
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year 1842;"
or, in other words, to let it out to the lowest bid-
der; to advertise it in the public papers for thirty
days; to receive the bids of all those who choose
to enter into this competition, and then to let it out
to those who will do the work for the lowest price,
according to the specifications—the party bidding
to give security, aud the work, th.e whole work—
the paper, the composition, the press-work, and
the binding—to be subjected to such supervision
and inspection as the honorable Sec.re'tqjjy may
deem to be necessary in order to secure a full and
faithful performance of the contract. By my pro-
posed amendment, therefore, I banish all favorit-
ism in the execution of the work in any and every
form, and put it upon the same footing as the de- i
partinental printing, except in one or two points
which I regard as improvements, such as the sepa-
rating of the printing and press-work from the
purchase of the paper, and these again from the
binding—making each department distinct; and
then again in requiring security and inspection
and supervision in' the execution of the work.
There is, therefore, not to be any favoritism. The
work is to be done on the lowest terms, and it will
be done, I have no doubt, in a manner which will
be entirely satisfactory to the Departments, as well
as to Congress and the people of the country in
general.
Again, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
from Indiana saw fit to remark, that I had, as he
presumed, greatly underrated the value of tins
work, and that I seemed to suppose that it was of
very little consequence—that it whs a thing to be
printed and thrown aside, like many other docu-
ments, as of no value. In his argument, how-
ever, the Senator says it is a work of very great
value—that it is to go into the records of the Gov-
ernment, and into our colleges and the various
States of the Union; and the honorable Senator
saw fit to have read, at the desk of the Clerk of
the Senate, some eulogies by some foreign writer
(I hardly know who) on the value of this work,
and speaking of it as being a very great improve-
ment on any work of this character, either in this
country or in Europe. Sir, I have not under-
valued this work. I know that it is a work of
high importance. But what, let me ask the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, has that to do with
printing it at the Union office? That is the ques-
tion I wish him to answer me. What has the
importance of the work to do with the printing
of it at the Union office without any competitors ?
What has that to do with (he question of the pro-
priety of conferring this work upon the political
press of this city as a matter of favoritism ? I
•do not know but that there may be Senators
enough to carry out such a scheme; but at all j
events I am going to wait to hear the votes of:
Senators announced before I will believe that they j|
will do it. But the honorable Senator stands up 1
and gravely tells the Senate that this work is un- j
disposed of—that it is a sort of waif and estray, j
which the honorable Senator proposes we should
capture and deliver over to the proprietors of the !
Union newspaper in this city. And "it is work," !
says the honorable Senator, that is "undisposed !
of!" And this is said, I presume, to alleviate '
any little irritation of conscience which there may j
be; and I venture to say that there is a good deal •
on all sides of this Chamber in regard to the pro- I
priety of taking this course. It is a work which
the honorable Senator says is " undisposed of!"
And why is it undisposed of? Simply because
we have not ordered the Secretary of the Interior
to print it. And if it were ordered to be printed,
then it would come under the law of 1842, which
tells the Senator from Indiana that it shall not go
into the Union office, or, in other words, that it
shall not be disposed of unless they do it in this
form. The Senate is to make this order, and
then comes in the law of 1842 to take hold of it.
The gentleman proposes to alter this law to take
it out of the hands of the proper party, and to
hand it over to my friend from Arkansas; [Mr.
that he will have nothing to do with it, and I re- j
' spect and honor him very much for coming to such I
a conclusion. He does not like the job. But, j
says my honorable friend from Indiana, " I guess j
I can find Senators who would be willing to do j
this." Possibly he may; I do not know but he
will. Perhaps the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana himself will volunteer to help this most lucra-
tive job into tlie office of a certain concern, for
the welfare of which he appears to have a pro-
found solicitude.
" But," again says the honorable Senator, " I
can furnish you a precedent for all this, because
Congress has been buying books from Gales &
Seaton for I don't know how long—about aquar-
ter of a century—and handing them over to them-
selves." "Very well; I can tell that honorable
Senator that I have not a very exalted opinion of
that operation; and if he will introduce a proposi-
tion to repeal the whole system, I will vote for his
proposition, and restore all the books that 1 have
got, to the Government. I say that a more waste-
ful, more prodigal, more wicked system of dis-
bursing the public money nevei existed on earth
than this system of distributing books among
members of Congress. I do not say this with
the view of being understood as objecting to any
pay which members get either in the form of mile-
age or per diem. It is not because I believe that
they really get anything more than a fair compen-
sation for their services here. I know that I earn
every dollar which I receive here; and if 1 have a
trifle to carry home to keep to pay the expenses
of my family during the recess, I think I do very
well. It is not because we take out of the public
treasury $17 to pay for a volume to give to a
member that I object—seventeen .dollars to pay
for that which is absolutely not, worth three dol-
lars. We pay hundreds of thousands of dollars
out of the Treasury of the United States every
year for what is of no real use to us.
A Senator, (in his seat.) Oh, move to divide
the money amongst ourselves.
Mr. SMITH, (laughingly;) Yes if we could
divide the money amapg ourselves, there would
be some propriety in That—some good common
sense in that; but for the sake of conferring some
little miserable picayune benefit upon tliis member,
or upon that one, when he newly comes to Con-
gress—and I take my full share of responsibility
on this matter, for I have had these books myself,
and when they are applied for for others who have
not received them, I am constrained to vote for
them for very shame, because I myself have had
them—but I say, in all earnestness, that it would
be infinitely better, if this system is to be con-
tinued, to take this money openly and manfully
out of the Treasury and distribute it amongst our-
selves, than to resort to this indirect method of
increasing the remuneration of members in a mode
which is really of very little value to us one
way or the other. But the honorable Senator from
Indiana says that because this old and corrupt
system—and I beg pardorr for using the word
"corrupt," for I mean nothing offensive by the
in which I use it—which has come down to
us* do not know how long, is still in use, and
because we are in the habit of ordering books for
members of Congress, and now that we have a
piece of departmental printing, which the honorable
Senator thinks will cost not more than three hun-
dred thousand dollars, reckoning on the basis of
six dollars per volume as the cost of the Archives,
whereas that cost was no less than seventeen dol-
lars a volume; and because 
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to correct the Senator,
I did not use the word " corrupt,"nor did I say
anything against the system of printing books. I
have never voted for books; I have always voted
against the practice, though I have taken them,
as I understand the Senator from Connecticut has
also.
Mr. SMITH. I am sensible, in speaking of the
distribution of books among members, that I have
traveled in some degree out of the proper limits;
but the honorable Senator referred to it, as being
some justification of this extraordmaiy measure.
I think I am in order to denounce this system as
an abuse. But after all, what is it but buying
books ? It is not Congressional panting, it is not
departmental printing; it is buying certain books,
containing a great deal of information which we
distribute among the members for the pin-pose, as
our duties here. But I must confess they have
had very little effect so far as I am concerned, for
there are many volumes of them into which I have
never looked. I know that. Congress has pur-
chased books, and has paid for them a great deal
more than they were worth; and I hope that when-
my friend brings ;up the subject as one to be imi-
tated, he does not propose that we shall pay thi 
enormous price of $17 per copy; for if he does,
instead of $300,000, it will cost half a million of
dollars at the very least.
But how does he know it will cost only
$300,000 ? On what basis does he make that cal-
culation ? Has the Senator told how many copies
of this work he proposes to have printed ? and is
it -not absolutely necessary that Congress should
settle the question in regard to the number of
copies before anybody can make any calculation
on the expense of the work, or even the cost of
composition, to say nothing about press-work?
Wow my friend—and I certainly cherish for the
Senator from Indiana sentiments of the very high-
est respect; I know he is a vigilant and highly- •
valuable member of this body, and I will do him
the justice to say here, that I know of no man
who is* more prompt, more energetic, and more
determined in resisting the passage through this
Senate of any bill which will be likely to cast a
burden upon the Treasury, without tfie severest
scrutiny, and wil] more insist on knowing all the
elements of the cost—on this occasion seems to be
prepared to go to the entire extent of the result
which may follow from his proposition, without
knowing what number of copies we are to have
printed; "and he proposes to rush, into this field at
once, and in the dark.
There appears to be something that has dis-
armed the usual vigilance of my friend from Indi-
ana, for he says the Secretary tells him this
morning that he has one State done. I do not
know how long they have been in arriving at that
point of consummation; and when the remaining
States are to be completed, I do not know.
Sir, I know that Congress has been in the habit
of buying books; and I know that we provide for
the publication of our debates—to what, profit 1
will not undertake to say, or with what utility to
the country. We paid at the last Congress $7 50
per column for the publication of our speeches in
the Intelligencer, and $7 50 to the Union. The
Intelligencer could not live by it, and has there-
fore gone out of the business. But the Union
continues to prosecute the work, and I hope will
prosecute it with success. As it is very important,
or is supposed to be very important,'that our de-
bates should be published m full, if $7 50 is not
a sufficient compensation to the "Union," I am
willing to add to it, particularly as we are now
relieved from the expense of publishing them in
the "Intelligencer." But what*has that to do
with the question before us? What if we do hire
the Union to print our debates, what if we do not
open the printing of our debates to competition ?
This is a matter relating to departmental printing;
and I say that the very moment we determine
upon the number of copies to be printed,and order
the Secretary of the Interior to print the work, it
comes under the operation of existing laws, and is
disposed of.
But, Mr. President, after having addressed the
Senate, perhaps at an unreasonable length, yester-
day, upon this subject, I d<f not deem it right that
I should trespass further upon the time and atten-
tion of this body; and I have to express my thanks
for the patience and attention that hasbeenshown
in listening to me.
Mr. HALE. I want to say a word or two upon
this subject, though I enter upon it with great re-
luctance, and, if the Senate will excuse me, with
great diffidence, [laughter] because, sir, we have
been entertained, of late, with such lofty subjects,
the safety of the TJr#on. the spirit of the age, prog-
ress, manifest destiny, national intervention, the
Magyar race, &c., that it is a great effort to clip
the wings of a man's imagination and come down
to a printing office, and deal in such a common-
place subject as the mere printing of these Census
returns will be. But it is a part of what we are
bound to do, and we must do it. I apprehend
that a great mistake has arisen from the fact that
we are endeavoring to be a little more pure, a lit-
tle more patriotic than our poor human nature
wil! allow us to be. And here is an opportunity
iJORLAND.j rie again [Air. Borland] replies t| we suppose, of enabling us the better to discharge j[ offered to us—I mean, to us Democrats—to do
