2036
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
August 2,
}ye treated as final by the proper law authorities of
■our Government, who will have no reason or mo-
tive for prosecuting an appeal from them before
the courts. This provision of the Jaw will, it is
believed, cover and confirm all titles to solares or
building-lots, and the suertes or agricultural lots,
held under the Spanish regulations of 1773, 1781,
"and 1791. The other provisions of that act will
extend equal security to every settled four hun-
dred vara lot, being of about twenty-seven and
three quarter acres; and those of less extent,held
under the regulations of Governor Figueron, in
3834, for secularizing the missions, the fifth arti-
cle of which allowed "to every individual head
" of a family, and all those above twenty-one
'years, although they have no family, a lot of
* land, whether irrigable or otherwise, of not ex-
ceeding four hundred varas square," nor less
than one hundred out of the common lands of the
missions. All equitable claims of greater or less
extent, that may have had their origin under the
decrees of the Mexican Congress, m 1824, and
the regulations of 1828, for colonizing the territo-
ries of the Republic, or which may have other-
wise lawfully originated under the authority of
Spain or Mexico, where the boundaries of the same
have been fixed and established, and where they have
been reduced into full possession according to those
boundaries, and that possession kept up by the
claimant, or those lawfully holding under hins,
will be fully protected and secured under this law
in every acre of his claim.
By a right administration, then, of the act of
3d March, 1851, every title or claim of the classes
mentioned will be confirmed, surveyed, forever
separated from the public lands, and included in a
patent, carrying a full legal title from the Govern-
ment of the United States to whom the fee had
passed in virtue of the treaty of cession. Should
there be a failure of the board, or of the courts, to
recognize or confirm any meritorious or equitable
claim, because of the failure of the owners to give
seasonable attention, or from causes not control-
lable, I shall feel bound, so lone: as I hold a place
in the public councils, to seek the interposition of
Congress to give efficacy to any such claim by
special legislative enactment.
Prom the report already referred to, dated
March 1st, 1849, of the Secretary of State of Cal-
ifornia, it is shown, from thedocuments and laws
to which he had referred, (Ex. Doc. 17,1st sess.
31st Cong., House of Reps., page 128,) " that the
* lands granted to Indians were merely for the use
* of themselves and their descendants; that they
'could in no way dispose of them, but, when
'abandoned, they reverted to Government."
I will ajMin call the attention of the Senate to the
fact, which I have already mentioned, that the
white population of Upper California, in the year
1831, including the inhabitants in the free towns
of Los Angelos, San Jose, and Branceforte, and
in the several missions under the Presidios of San
Francisco, Monterey, Santa Barbara, and San
Diego, did not exceed 4,500* white persons, (and
it was the same in 3835,) and that the aggregate
grain produced for the same year was about
115,500 bushels; and it will appear that, if the
Governors of Spain and Mexico, instead of giving
only the heads of families an agricultural lot, or a
sutrte, had given to every white inhabitant—man,
woman, and child—a lot 400 varas square,
or about 27| acres, the quantity of land thus dis-
tributed for agricultural purposes would notexceed
1,15.000 acres.
Taking the population of 1842 at 7,000f whites,
and supposing a like grant to each, the whole area
would be less than 200,000 acres; and if we take,
exclusive of Indians, the whole population of Cal-
ifornia at the end of the year 1847, to wit: 12,000
native, white, and mixed bloods, and 4,000 Amer-
icans, English, and French, and give each one a
lot of that extent, the whole quantity of land con-
ceded would have been about 444,000 acres.
As I have already shown the equitable title to
every town-lot, farm-lot, or pasture-lot, every four
hundred vara lot, and all other tracts of greater or
less area which are fixed in boundaries and held
in full possession, and which have originated un-
der the laws, decrees, or regulations of Spam or
Mexico, will be fully protected and secured by
the act of 3d March, 1851.
*■ Foibes's Caliibrma, pp. 201,202,959,280, and Bryant's
California, pp. 44.) and 446.
f Bryant's CaJifordlft, page 445.
But there is another class of titles wholly differ-
ent from these, being Mexican grants or concessions
for tracts of as high as eleven leagues, or 48,708
acres each, and others of less extent. These
de ganado mayor " which literally means
" a place for large cattle," are used also for desig-
natingasquareleague^and thisclassofclaims I will
now consider. They are the same I have already
alluded to as being particularly treated of in the
official report, dated 1st of March, 1849, of the
Secretary of State of California, (Ex. Doc. No.
17, House of Representatives, 1st sess. 31st Con-
gress, page 128,)as "a la-fge number of land titles '
iu California," which "are very indefinite with j
respect to boundaries, the grants being for so '
many "s&ios," " enaderos," (place for breeding
cattle,) &c., "lyingbetweencertain hills,streams, \
<&c., as shown by rough sketches attached to the !
petitions," these " sketches frequently" contain- ;
ing " double the amount of land included in the |
grants," of which grants "even now" very few ,
have been surveyed, or their boundaries defini- j
tively fixed. These are the tracts ranging in size >
from 2,200 to upwards of 48,700 acres, even if |
confined to the precise quantities of land specified :
in the grants; but where doubled in quantity in i
the rough sketches, as stated in the official report '
alluded to, would give the largest of this class |
something less than 100,000 acres each. i
There are one hundred and sixty odd claims of j
this class, out of a little over two hundred, that
have been brought before the Board of Land Com - 1
missioners, which, in the aggregate, call for more i
than three millions of acres, and if the estimate of j
-the law agent be correct,that there are from fifteen \
hundred to two thousand claims, and the residue j
should bear anything like the same ratio, we shall j
have from twenty-five to thirty-five millions of '
acres of our most valuable agricultural lands cov- i
ered by these cattle-range concessions, and that !
too for a white population, at the charge of Gov- ;
ernment, of sixteen thousand souls, including I
about four thousand American, English, and ;
French, who came there about the period of the j
revolutionary movement. So here we have anac- j
tual native white population in California at the I
change of Government of about twelve thousand j
persons, equal to—say two thousand heads of j
families—whom we are called upon to regard as {
the grantees from Mexico of millions upon mil- j
lions of acres of land, the choicest, finest, richest
in the world, both agricultural and mineral—and
with the official statements I have read to the Sen-
ate impeaching these claims, we are required to j
regard them as "perfect," and exclude from set-
tlement on the lands thus claimed the half million
of hardy enterprising settlers, the most energetic,
brave, and enterprising people in the world, who
have shaken off the political and social lethargy of
ages from this land, and are now busily engaged
by their industry to make its deserts blossom as
the rose, and laying broad and deep the founda-
tions of republican institutions on the shores of
the Pacific.
Is there any man now prepared to face the Sen-
ate of the United States, and to stand up before
the enlightened people of California, and with the
record before him of the colonizing policy of both
Spain and Mexico, and their practice of limiting
the settlement tracts to small quantities—showing
the terms and conditions of their pastoral conces-
sions—and maintain that these incomplete cattle-
range concessions should be held in absolute right
of property, and that a population of but little
oyer a fifth of the inhabitants of thepresentcity of
San Francisco, should be the lords in absolute fee ;
of the greater portion of the richest soil in Cali- i
forma, capable of maintaining millions of people, j
Is there any one with the facts spread out before '
him so blinded by gambling, reckless, dishonest |
speculation, who is willing to dare public mtelli- i
gence, confess either his idiocy or corruption and j
depravity, by maintaining that there is anything ,
j in the colonizing policy of the Government that j
! have passed away which would justify such as- !
j sumptions, or sanction such a state of things as j
j this? ;
The voice of the country, through its councils, j
will respond that American valor contended, and j
American blood was shed for no such bootless \
prize as this, but for a princely national domain, *
destined as the future home of millions of our j
countrymen. The policy of Congress is now j
fixed f«)d established by general and special legis-,
lation, and the duties and obligations of our Grov-
ernment, under treaties by which we acquired the
former provinces of Louisiana and Florida, are
written out too distinctly upon the statute-books
to be mistaken; and those duties, as shown in the
enactments of Congress, have been sanctioned,
expounded, and enforced by the courts of thfc
Union as the lawful ordinances of the political
power. And what do they command our Gov-
ernment to do, as the successor of Spam and
Mexico, in relation to claims of this class? They
command that such incomplete concessions for
immense bodies of land, shall be examined, and
that they shall be confirmed if found meritorious,
and where the tribunals shall be satisfied that they
would have been completed by the Governments
that preceded us, but not to the prejudice of the
rights of others, for that is the condition and the
great principle which pervaded the policy of Spain
since the foundation of the Spanish land system
in the Americas, and which was continued by
Mexico—that is the principle of reason and jus-
tice, and has been deliberately recognized in the
general acts of Congress, already enumerated, of
the 26th May, 1824, (13th section,) for the adju-
dication of claims by the courts; as extended by
the act of 23d May, 1828, and 17th June, 1844,
in the second section of the act of 4th July, 1836,
the last acting directly upon the reports of com-
missioners, and confirming claims subject to sales
by this Government, and certain locations within
their limits. This is the principle recognized in
other special legislative acts, and finally in the
fifteenth section of the act of 3d March, 1851, for
the adjustment of land claims in California, which
provides that the decrees, &c., under it "shall
not affect the interests of third persons/'
Now, what are the "interests of third per-
sons," existing when this law passed,which this
Government is bound to protect? Among others,
they are those interests which have grown up by
reason of the actual settlements of hardy, indus-
trious emigrants, who occupied small lots of land
for which the legal title has passed to the United
States by virtue of the treaty, but which are now
claimed by incomplete concessions for immense
quantities of land, with loose and indefinite limits
—concessions which Spain or Mexico could have
rejected at any time; and which this Government,
as their successor, could reject, but which, to the
fullest extent of their equity, should be confirmed,
yet subject to the superior equity of the settler,
whose labor and industry has given a thousand-
fold additional value to the unoccupied and uncul-
tivated agricultural lands in California, the most
of which is covered by these concessions.
The bill I have already presented, and which is
now before the Senate, as a supplement to the act
of 3d March, 1851, for the adjustment of Cali-
fornia titles, is designed for the protection of the
actual settlers in the little spot of earth they have
made the home of themselves and families, made
valuable by the labor of their hands, and upon
which they have earned a subsistence by the
sweat of their brow. Yet, desiring to deal with
the owners, original or present, of these grants in
a spirit of justice and liberality, I propose that
provision be made for an equivalent in public land
elsewhere in cases where their equities justify a
confirmation.
The equivalent which this bill provides is in ac-
cordance with the general precedents oflegislation,
by requiring it to be taken on lands subject to
entry at private sale so as to avoid interference or
conflict with settlers who may be preemptors or
with selections under laws of Congress in satis-
faction of grants for the benefit of the whole State.
The large sums that have and will be appropri-
ated for surveys in California will bring immense
amounts of land into market, out of which those
selections can be made.
Let this measure be adopted, and under an en-
ergetic administration of the act of 3d March, 1851,
and of the proposed supplement, our land claims
will be speedily settled and quieted, and the whole
energies of our people will have full play when re-
leased from the incubus which now hangs over
our titles. The settler will get his home in virtue
of a confirmation from the Board, and patent from
the Government, instead of being pillaged and
driven from it by the remorseless speculator. The
land claimant himself will find that this measure
will remove difficulties otherwise insuperable to
him, because, by dealing in tenderness and justice
