1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1173
honor, and regard for the rights and interests of
his constituents. No Southern gentleman could
hear a remark of that sort without feeling his heart
burn with indignation, as did the hearts of every
Southern gentleman the other day. He has, how-
ever, made the amende honorable this morning, as
I understand him; and on that point, therefore, I
have no more to say.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him for one moment ? I know he does
not mean to say that I made that amende upon
the suggestion, advice, or insinuation of anybody
from the South. I do not want the idea to go
forth that I was intimidated into it. I know the
gentleman will do me justice on that point.
Mr. STANLY. I intimated no such thing as
intimidation—not by any means.
Mr. BROOKS. [ wou'd not make even a just
qualification, under intimidation.
Mr.STANLY. I didnotintendtointimatesuch
a thing.
Now, sir, a word in reference to one remark
made by the gentleman from New York, and that
was, that the " large body" of the Southern gen-
tlemen left the caucus. If the gentleman had
counted the Southern gentlemen who were present
and those who left, he would have found that he
was mistaken in point of fact. I think a majority
of Southern members remained—that is my im-
pression. 1 beg pardon of the House for having
trespassed on its time even for these four and a
half minutes.
MONROE RAILROAD COMPANY.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
the Chair announced that the bill upon the Speak-
er's table "for the relief of the Monroe Railroad i
Company and their sureties," was the first busi- j
ness in order. The gentleman from New York j
[Mr. Sackett] moves that the House resolve itself j
into a Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal- ]
endar. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Smart] j
moves that the House resolve itself into the Com- j
rnittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That bill upon j
the Speaker's table will give rise to no debate. It j
is merely to relieve some sureties for a consider- |
able amount of money. It has been lying over .
since last private bill day, and gentlemen who j
wished to examine it have had an opportunity of 1
doing so. It will take no time, and therefore I
hope it will be taken up. j
Mr. SACKETT. That bill is a private bill, ;
and one which has been partly considered by the j
House. I will, therefore, waive my motion to go (
into a Committee of the Whole House, in order i
that it may be first disposed of. _ 1
.Mr. SMART. I will also withdraw my motion
if the bill is going to lead to no debate. j
Mr. STEPHENS. I move the previous ques- ;
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is not the first business in
order the call of committees for lepoitsr
The SPEAKER. This is private bill day, and
the first business in order is the consideration of
the private bill upon the Speaker's table. i
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that '
on private bill days, there is no morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that if
there is private business on the Speaker's table, it :
is his duty to take up that business. In the ab- ;
sence of any business on the Speaker's table, there ,
would he a morning hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will let us have the call of committees for
one hour.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. GORMAN. 1 would inquire of the Chosr
whether the motion of the gentleman from North
Caroiina [Mr. Staki.y] to reconsider the vote by
which the bill in relation to the State University of
Indiana was referred to the Committee of the
Wnoieon the state of the Union, does not take
precedence during the morning?
' The SPEAKER. It is not the duty of the
Chair to cal! up the consideration of that motion.
Mr. GORMAN. The subject will not take
more than three minutes, and I ask that it may
be called up. , ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that that
is a question which belongs more appropriately to
the morning hour, it being a report from a com-
liuttee. ,
Mr. STANLY. I will call it up at a very early
day. It shall not be lost by my neglect.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion to reconsider is not one which can be con-
sidered now. This day is set apart for private
bills, and we are considering a private bill, on
which the previous question has been demanded.
Mr. BRIGGS demanded tellers on the second;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Venable, and
Stephens of Georgia, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—80 in the affirmative.
A further count not being demanded, the pre-
vious question received a second.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. SKELTON demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, but they were not or-
dered.
And the question being put, the bill passed.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to reconsider the vote
by winch the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. SMART moved that the rules be suspended, |
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOWARD. Is it not in order now to
refer the private bills Yrom the Senate upon the
Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, because
that business has not been taken up.
CLOSE OP DEBATE ON HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr..TONES, of Tennessee. If the House shall
vote down the motion to go into a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, I shall
take it as a determination on the part of the House
to proceed with the special order, and I shall then
offer a resolution to close the debate on the special
order on Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the question will be first taken upon the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order. That motion
will have the precedence, because it is the special
older.
Mr. JOHNSON. By the permission of the ;
House, I wish to say a single word. Usually on
Fridays and Saturdays we do but little; and the ,
chances are that if we do not go into committee on
I the special order, we will adjourn over to-morrow,
j Now, I wish to say to the House, that it is the
} determination of many of the friends of the home- j
! stead bill to bring the debate upon it to a close; !
i and if the House will devote to-day and to-mor- ,
i row to the special order, we can close the debate
i! on Tuesday at one o'clock.
!' I offer the usual resolution to close debate on
the soec.ial order, in the Committee of the Whole
j on the state of the Union, on Tuesday next, two
j hours after the committee shall have resumed the
i consideration of the same,
j Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
1 "Tuesday," and insert "Thursday, in lieu there-
' I of. .
Mr. DEAN. Before voting upon this question,
: I desire to ask a question.
; Mr. JOHNSON. I am disposed to accept of
'| whatever is agreeable to the House,
j Mr. DEAN. If we pass this resolution, to
!: close the debate on Tuesday next, and the House
then refuses to go into the Committee of the Whole
I on the state of'the Union, gentlemen will have no
■ opportunity of being heard.
: M.i. HOUSTON. There is no danger of the
•! House refusing to go into committee if we close
ij the debate.
! Mr. VENABLE. i would suggest to my friend
from New York, [Mr. Dean,] that there are a
number of gentlemen who desire to speak upon
this subject, and I hope, if debate is closed upon
this bill, that we shall have night sessions, snd
allow them to make their speeches.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us stop debate, and tnen
a^ree upon the night sessions afterwards.
°Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If it is the
pleasure of the House, I will accept of the modi-
fication proposed by the gentleman from Indiana,
 i [Mr. Hendricks,] and leave the resolution so as
!! to provide for closing debate upon Thursday next,
i! Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
i| allow his proposition to remain as originally made,
• i so as to enable the House to decide between them.
fir. JOHNSON. Certainly; I will allow both
to come before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am anxious that debate
shall be closed, and that the bill shall be disposed
of as soon as possible. There is much other im-
portant business which is suffering from neglect.
I hope the earliest day will be adopted.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to substitute "Thursday "instead of" Tues-
day;" and it was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was then adopted.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the vote just taken,
by which the resolution passed, be reconsidered,
and that the motion to reconsider do lie upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion to suspend the rules, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SACKETT. I rise to a point of order.
My point is, that as the business upon the Private
Calendar has preference over other business on
Friday* and Saturdays of each week, the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
j Private Calendar takes precedence to that to go
j into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union takes precedence, for the reason
that the special order takes precedence of all other
business from day to day—Fridays and Saturdays
not excepted. Ordinarily, the gentleman would
be correct in his point of order; but inasmuch asa
special order is now pending, the Chair has no
doubt in the correctness of his decision.
Mr. SACKETT. Well, if the motion is voted
down, will it then be in order to move to go into
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar ?
The SPEAKER. It will then be in order.
The question was then put upon the motion to
suspend the rules and go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and carried in
the affirmative. Accordingly the House resolved
itself into the Committee of" the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Hibbard in the Chair.)
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated, as the business be-
fore the committee, the consideration of House
bill No. 7, being a bill to encourage agriculture,
commerce, manufactures, and for other purposes,
on which the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Yates,] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. YATES occupied the floor an hourin favor
of the policy of the bill, arguing that it would re-
sult beneficently to the new States, the General
Government, and to the people of the country at
large. He advocated the policy of liberal grants
to the new States for the purpose of constructing
railroads, and especially grants for the benefit of
the indigent insane in all the States. He main-
tained that the giving of lands to actual settlers,
whilst it would provide homes for the poor labor-
ers of the old States, would destroy the tenantry
system of the new States, and give to the thou-
sands of tenants these lands to cultivate for them-
selves, instead of cultivating those of their land-
lords. [Mr. Y. 's speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.] . . ,
Mr. SMART addressed the committee m de-
fence of the North, and to show that there was
no substantial foundation for the charges repeat-
ediv made of wholesale wrongs, aggressions, ex-
actions, and oppression by that section upon the
South. [Mr. S.'s speech will be found in the
Appendix.] . . „
Mr. DEAN spoke of the state of parties in N ew
York, claiming that State as Democratic, and as-
serting that her electoral vote will be given to the
! nominee of the Baltimore Convention. He ut-
1 terly repudiated the doctrine of "claims" on the
j Democratic party. He said that the Democrats
I would go into the canvass on principles, while the
1 Whigs would "go it blind" for.thespoils. [Mr.
- D 's speech will be found in the Appendix.]
' Mr. EW11NG next obtained the floor, but
' yielded to .
! ' Mr. OUTLAW, who moved that the committee
\ do rise; which motion was agreed to.
I The committee accordingly rose, andtheopeaKer
| having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
i that the Committee of the Whole on the s^te
• the Union had, according to order, had the Union
