ism.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
2037
to the rights of the settler, the latter, instead of
resistance and controversy in battling for his
homestead, will have no reason to interfere, but
will leave the claimant to the liberality of a Gov-
ernment disposed to pursue a generous poiiey in
the recognition and confirmation of foreign titles
where the rights of private individuals are not pre-
judiced. But' lfet the injustice and cupidity or the
monopolist speculator, under pretext of law and
of right, but in violation of both, attempt to seize
upon the fruit of the honest labor of others and
appropriate it to himself, let him seek to expel and
drive off the settler from his cabin and take away
his home, and then he will find the giant awakened
in his strength—the giant of enlightened public
opinion—which will deal with lnm according to
his deserts. Then he will encounter the resist-
ance, in every form, of those men who, smarting
under a sense of the injuries they have sustained,
will demand of the tribunals a rigid discharge of
duty in the investigation of such titles when in
prejudice of their rights, and it will take 110 prophet
to predict their doom in the fate of the enormous
grants of Bastrop and others, which, having befn
suspended over the country for half a century,
retarding and repelling settlement, at last have
fallen under the decrees of justice, as rightfully
administered by the Supreme Court of the United
States, and by recent acts of Congress, the lands
covered by them in Louisiana and other States
are at last laid open to sale and settlement.
One of the resolutions adopted by acclamation
by the late Whig Convention in California, de-
nounced this bill as an attempt to rob the citizens
of California of their property. The author of
that resolution is the nominee of the Whig party
for Congress; and thus by adopting the resolution
and nominating its author, the party are responsi-
ble for his opinions. This cry of " robbery" is
raised against an effort on aiy part to prevent
speculators from laying hold, under fraudulent or
imperfect titles, with ill-defined, vagrant, or float-
ing limits, of the land made valuable by the indus-
try of the unwary and industrious settlers, to
drive them from their homes and despoil them of
their property. The "robbery" consists in the
recognition or the rights of honest settlers to the
small spot of ground inhabited and cultivated by
them, and to protect them from mercenary and
unscrupulous speculators who are seeking to swell
their ill-gotten and bloated fortunes by the sacri-
fice of honest industry. Such denunciations, like
a spent ball, fall harmless at my feet. The authors
and instigators of these attacks are known to, and
will be appreciated by my constituents. Of them,
personally, I have nothing to say. Of their acts
and opinions, I speak boldly ana fearlessly, and
shall not fail, on all proper occasions, to expose
their efforts to rob the settlers and extort from
them the rewards of their labor. Their personal at-
tacks will not deter me from holding them up to the
detestation of the people of California and of this
Union, that they may be pointed at with the finger
of scorn, and that the public reproach may follow
them for their nefarious plots against the rights of
the settlers in my State. But i do not hold the
great mass of the Whig party responsible for this
act of the convention, but fully acquit them of any
participation in the denunciation of a measure to
protect interests common to and inseparable from
the great body of our people. Let us test the
doctrine of this Whig candidate for Congress, as
to the rights of property of the claimants under
incomplete Mexican titles, (and my bill interferes
with no other class,) and see its bearing on the
future prosperity of the State. Let it be tested
by a single example. There is a spot in California
known as the Suisun valley, than which nothing
in the wide domain of nature is more beautiful. It
possesses a climate unsurpassed in salubrity, as
genial as any on the shores of the Mediterranean,
and almost rivaling the spot in the land of flowers
which the ancient cavaliers sought as a region of
perpetual youth. Its soil is of boundlessfertility,
and its scenery as magnificent as the Alps. It is
no fancy sketch to say, that its spring and sum-
mer succeed each other to the exclusion of the
rigors of winter, and that nature here holds out
everything in exuberant abundance that can con-
tribute to the comforts of man. In this valley, I
learn by late advices from home, that near ten
thousand acres are in cultivation, and will likely
yield more than half a million of bushels ofgrain,
fourfold the quantity of the aamual grain product,
as I have before shown, of the whole of Upper
California under the Mexican Government. This
is the result of the labor of some three hundred
emigrant settlers who traveled there, thousands
of miles through forests, over plains, mountains,
precipices, and rivers, and here they have settled
and located and built cabins, and- spread abound
them the comforts of home and of civilization.
And how is this scene of happiness to be dis--
solved ? The title of this Government to this soil,
and theirs under it, is denied, and the power of the
United States which they uphold and strengthen
on the distant shores of the Pacific, is invoked to
crush and destroy them. And this is the doctrine
which the Whig candidate for Congress sanctions
and sustains. If the title under the Mexican grant
to Suisun valley is complete, my bill does not and
cannot interfere with it. According to the decisu
ions of the Supreme Court I havejust read, itcan-
not be examined before the board of commission-
ers which was established to complete titles, not
to waste time in perfecting what was already per-
fect. If the title is perfect, it is fortunate for these
industrious settlers that the owner- of this claim is
a gentleman of liberal views and generous im-
pulses, one able and willing to make them recom-
pense for the value their labor has given to his
land.
It is against the doctrine, that incomplete claims
convey a perfect title to property, that I contend,
and ever will contend. And with such an ex-
ample before him, who is so lost to every sense of
justice as to defend such a policy? Who is there
with mercenary rancor enough to pursue such set-
tlers, and denounce and stigmatize them in oppro-
brium as "squatters?"—a class of men whose
triumphs are everywhere written upon the face of
this continent—the men, bold and adventurous,
who fled from the tyranny of the Old World, and
at Jamestown, Virginia, the Plymouth rock of
Massachusetts, and St. Mary's, in Maryland, laid
the foundations of the settlements which have
spread over the broad bosom of this mighty Re-
public from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from the
icy regions of the north to the tropics, before
whom forests have disappeared, under whose
hands cities have arisen, with whom the arts and
sciences are m their highest development, by
whom tyranny m every form, political, social,
and religious, has been overthrown, the dignity,
glory, and independence of man has been asserted
and maintained, and the American Republic ad-
vanced to the front rank of the nations of the
earth ! This is the class of men whose interest I
am proud to advocate; to whose cause every fac-
ulty I possess shall be devoted, and for the pro-
tection of a small portion of whom I invoke the
sanction of the Senate to the measure I have pre-
sented.
Mr. WELLER. As my colleague [Mr. Gwijj]
has given notice that he does not intend to press
the consideration of this bill to-day, 1 will content
myself on this occasion by saying that I regret
very much that I am not able to bring my mind
to the conclusion that this bill is calculated to ad-
vance the real interests of the people of California.
I cannot get rid of the opinion that the first section
of the bill conflicts with the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo. I cannot divest my mind, I say, of that
impression, because, if these claims which may be
presented before the land commissioners are valid,
they should be confirmed. In the decision of that
question—the question of the validity of the
claims—the board must be governed by the rules
laid down by the act of Congress passed on the 3d
March, 1851. This requires that the board shall
be governed by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
by the law of nations, together with the usages
and customs formerly existing under the Spanish
and Mexican Governments, and by the principles
of justice and equity. I can readily imagine that
a claim may be presented to the board of com-
missioners, which is incomplete, in which the
grantee may not have performed all the require-
ments of the Spanish and Mexican laws; but that
person may have a just and equitable title through
the occupation, improvement, and enjoyment of
that which is covered by the original grant. 1 be-
lieve that after a grant has been made to any per-
son—no matter what may be the extent of that
grant—if he has taken possession in good faith,
and enjoyed, improved, and occupied it, thus sub-
stantially complying with the terms of the grant,
he is ^titled-to have it confirmed. Thfc Govern-
ment of the United Skates should do what jus-
tice and honesty would htfve required1 from the-
Mexican Government. If that Groverhment, under
the usages and customs which prevailed, would'
have b6en required to secure the land to the
grantee', then our Government is bound to rgs|*6et-«
it. The extent of thfc grant cannot affect! the
question. A
I need.not say that I believe it would be mani-
festly unwise for the Goverfifrrent of the United
States to make large grants of the public domain
to individuals. I am entirely5 opposed to that pol-
icy, and the records of the past will sho\v, so far
as I have been connected with public affetfrs, that
no one has been more favorable to those? measure
which would tend to the benefit of the actual set-
tler than I have. My opinions were fully ex-
pressed more than eleven years ago, on that sub-
ject, in the House of Representatives, of which I
Was then a member.
The following is an extract from a speech made
by me in the House of Representatives, February
3, I84T, (Congressional Appendix, vol. 9, page
145:)
"There is another subject introduced by the gentleman
| fmm Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] to which f beg ieffve to refer,
i I alluile to the ' prospective preemption law,3 which i rc-
joice to team was passed by the Democratic party m the
I Senate on yotenlay, and is now in this House for itsac-
| tion. It has been denounced here as a ' humbug, designed
; to catch votes,' and gentlemen have volunteered'the asser-
! tion that we did not desire its passage. Now, sir, what is
| tins biU ? It is simply a proposiiioti to give the settler upon
■ tile public lands the light of preemption, and differs only
; from the law heretofore passed in the fact that it is j>ro-
' spective in its operation. It does not propose to give the
• public domain to the settler, but to allow him to take that
i portion on which he haw settled and built a log-cabin at the
J Government juice, within a limited penod. n is a measure
| for the benefit of the poor man—for the humble tenants of
| the log cabins; for those who may be driven by poverty
I from the older States, and who may go with no bank-bills
I perhaps in their pockets, but with strong arms and honest
i hearts to hunt tor themselves and their families a home in
j the far Weft. Sir, if this was a measure for the advance-
j ment of the pecuniary interest of speculators or bankers, it
I would not meet with the opposition it does from Wing gen-
I tlemen. Although loud in their professions of attachment
! to the poor man "when office is to he obtained, in their le U-
\ lation little regard is paid to their interests. Gentlemen
: have denounced these settlers as * lawless squatters,' and
| ' land pirates,' and told us that the United States marshal
i ought to be sent with a military force to dispossess them.
Sir, if a banker (as is the case everyday) swindles the
community out of millions, the act goes* unwhipped of jus-
tice ; but if a poor man settles down upon the public land,
and endeavors by his mdustiy and frugality to procure a
livelihood for his children, you would raise a military force
to turn him oft" and deprive him of the little improvement
j he had made. This may be Whig policy, and Whig jus-
j tice ; but I venture the assertion, the American people are
j not prepared for such doctrine. In the estimation of these
j vVhig oratory to cut down afew trees in a dense and almost
! unbroken forest belonging to the Government, for the pur-
j pose of cultivating a tow acres of corn, is a most heinous
offense; whilst they t-uffer the bankers to violate the laws,
' make sport of their legislation, acquire wealth by their vil-
; lainies, and ride in proud triumph ovorthe ruin and desola-
I tion of the laboring man. Sir, there is a point beyond which
i fotbearance ceases to be a virtue; and the time will come
i when this great money power, which is eating out the sub*
! stance of the people, must be checked by legislation, or the
i land wi U be deluged in blood. The day of retribution is at
! hand, and wo be to that legislator'Who seeks to aggrandize
the few by the oppression of the many.
! " The preemption bill is a favorite measure with me, and
' enlists all the sympaihies of my nature. It affords me the
' most sincere pleasure to do all in my power to advance the
1 interests ot the haidy and enterprising emigrant, who, aban-
doning the home of his fathers, the worn out, worm-eaten
' land of his nativity, 1ms taken up his abode in the rich val-
leys of the far West. Sir, f would rather be lecogmzcd an
I the champion of such men than hold the highest office
, within the gift of my country. Let these men have the en-
j couragement of the Government—the promise that within a
; limited period they shall be permitted, at the present piice,
1 to purchase the land on which they reside ; and with indus-
try and enterprise, the rude cabin will soon give way to the
i comfortable dwelling, and the * wilderness be made to
1 bloom and blossom a* the rose.' By the passage of this act,
! many in the old States of this Union, who now feel from
j dav to day the cutting lash of penury and want, and who
i have families growing up around them without the ability
to supply them with even the necessaries of lite, would
emigrate to the West, settle down on your lands, and soon
1 surround themselves with all the comforts of h«e. In this
' way you would not only contribute to their happiness, but
{ in making them the owners of the soil, increase and
1 strengthen their attachment to the Union, and thus lay the
j foundation tor the permanent prospeity of the country bioad
j and dec}) in the affections of the people. I would much
1 rather, for my own part, make a gift of the public domain
J to actitai bona fide settlers who would improve the coun-
l try, than to see it falling at the Government price into the
| hands of speculators."
But that policy which would be unwise and im-
politic in the present condition of the affairs of
this Government might have been both wise and
politic in California when under the dominion of
Sp&iti; It was a very difficult thing to settle that
